5	I'm madly in love with the new, gorgeous Volr Salon location on 7th Street. But the truth of the matter is if Trini was styling hair out of a shed, I'd gladly go there! Plain and simple...every time I leave his chair I feel happy and beautiful. Aside from his unmatched talents, he has a heart of gold. My Trini anniversary is the same exact day as my wedding anniversary. That's right, he styled my hair and did my makeup for the first time on my wedding day in Mexico. How crazy is that?! My former hairstylist cancelled last minute and Trini humbly offered his services. He did such an amazing job he got a new client for life. And a friend who is forever thankful.Great vibe, great people and great service!
5	I've been a client of Trini's and VOLR Salon for 8 years now. You will not find nicer, more talented people anywhere. When I moved to Phoenix, I had a horrible haircut, which Trini magically made beautiful on my first visit. I was hooked. He literally is amazing with what he can do to your hair and how good he makes you feel. He is all heart, and so passionate for his craft. Trini hires only the best stylists to work with, and I've witnessed how talented they all are just by watching them work. I now see Nikki for my cut and color, and I absolutely love her. Like all the stylists, she is so happy and fun to be around, and she makes my hair look fantastic every time. She is amazing with color as well.Once you visit VOLR you will not be able to set foot in another salon.
5	The new location is really sweet.  I hope some new people in the area discover the talent and charm of these amazing people.  I really do look forward to every appointment.
5	Not only is the entire VOLR team amazing and extremely talented, but Trini is the best colorist in town. I've been his client for over 10 years and can not imagine entrusting my hair to anyone else.VOLR is definitely a must try!
5	The new VOLR Salon looks amazing!  It is modern, vibrant and has the energy and vibe I look for when I go to the salon.  The Salon owner, Trini Fragozo, has been doing my hair for 16 years and he continues to make me look and feel beautiful.  He listens to me and even better, suggests changes when I am in a "beauty rut"!  I trust his skills and style implicitly.  All the stylists are so talented!  I love going into the salon to get pampered and feel like part of their fun family.  A DEFINITE for your next appointment!!!
5	The new salon looks great. I have been going to see Trini for 10 years in three different places and he always does an awesome job even when I don't know what I want, which is most of the time. He is an expert of making my hair look great no matter what state it is in!
5	This salon is beautiful! Everyone here is so nice and I can't wait to get my hair done :)
5	Love the new location! Awesome stylists with lots of experience, always willing to help clients look their best. Anabel and Trini are top notch, at the top of their game. New location is awesome.
5	Love this new Salon!!  Ask for Trini or Francisco love the new place. Xxxooo Congrats!!  See you soon!!
5	The new location is even more fab than the original, if that was possible. The staff is the most competent and friendly you will find. Highly recommend!
5	I 100% recommend this Salon.  Trini has done my hair for 4 years now and I am always satisfied!  I also bring my children and the staff is amazing when cutting their hair from my little girls long locks to my teenage sons ever changing hairstyles. The salon is modern and beautiful and of course I can always get great products too!
5	LOVE LOVE VOLR Salon! Highly recommend going!I have been a client of Trini's for over 10 years now and he is absolutely the best stylist in town. Trini will listen to what you are looking for and will make you look and feel absolutely fabulous. He is very meticulous and super skilled in what he does. VOLR salon is a great place to go because personally I feel comfortable in such friendly environment. The staff is amazing and they always seem happy...maybe because they work in such an awesome salon!If you happen to be looking for a make-over, highly recommend stopping by!! You will never want to switch stylists again!Again, great salon and amazing people!
5	Amazing atmosphere..... Quality customer service... Incredible sense of style! Love VolR Salon!
5	This team has been in the business here in the valley for many years. My wife has been a happy client  and  always has  had a great experience . The new build out is in line with Trini's  fabulous taste and attention to detail.
5	Trini is the best! I have been going to Trini and VoLR salon for the last 15 years and have never been dissapointed. I'm really picky about my hair and Trini always knows what to do as soon as I sit in the chair. The salon manager, Francisco does an amazing job. They have created a beautiful and contemporary space in the perfect location that makes you want to go back. What a perfect combination! Try it.
5	LOVE LOVE VOLR Salon! Highly recommend going!I have been a client of Trini's for over 10 years now and he is absolutely the best stylist in town. Trini will listen to what you are looking for and will make you look and feel absolutely fabulous. He is very meticulous and super skilled in what he does.VOLR salon is a great place to go because personally I feel comfortable in such friendly environment. The staff is amazing and they always seem happy...maybe because they work in such an awesome salon!If you happen to be looking for a make-over, highly recommend stopping by!! You will never want to switch stylists again!Again, great salon and amazing people!
5	The only place I will ever go to get my hair done! Jillian works wonders every visit! The staff is always friendly and the store is beautiful. You will walk out feeling like a model :)
5	I will follow this crew any where! I have been a client of Jillians for over 5yrs and I dont even have to tell her what I want done, she just does her magic and I always feel beautiful when she is done. I love the new space it is very open and beautiful. All staff members are so nice and friendly.Love Love Love Volr Salon
5	First off- the change in location was a beautiful decision! The new salon is gorgeous, and let me tell you... Jillian is amazing! She's been doing my hair for quite  some time and I've followed her to the new location in uptown Phoenix!
5	The new location is gorgeous! In love with Trini he is so knowledgeable, experienced and simply outstanding. Further all of the staff especially Francisco are kind, helpful & friendly. The head massage with shampoo is out of this world. I love my hair every time I leave and even for months after - No other hairstylist although several have been great has understood color like Trini. Once you come here there will be no other place!
5	My daughter and I have been VOLR Salon customers for a little over a year, exclusively seeing Jillian.  I have LOVED every cut and color I've received.  She listens to what I want and sometimes nudges me in a bolder direction.  My 14 year old daughter has experimented with color quite a bit and we've always been ecstatic with the results.  Jillian is genuinely interested in making you look gorgeous!! The staff and other stylists seem to have a great rapport and are always so friendly.
5	I discovered VOLR Salon because I followed one of their newest stylists Ruben from his prior salon.  I was thoroughly impressed with the every aspect of the salon, design , comfort and most importantly friendly professional smiling faces.  I brought my sister and girlfriend with me, so we were there for the better part of 5 hours.  All three of us had completely different hair and Ruben rocked it with all of us taking his time to listen and add his opinion.  The owner Trini approached me many times striking up conversation, asking me questions and couldn't wait to run his hands through my hair when Ruben was done ... how great is that!If I lived in the Phoenix area full time, there is no questions that I would be a faithful client of Ruben's and VOLR Salon.It is clear that not only does Trini have an amazing talent for hair and business sense, but when you have a happy staff on top of that ... you are a owner who treats your staff with respect and that shines through the minute you walk in the door!Oh yeah it doesn't hurt that EVERY man who works there is GORGEOUS!  Sorry but I couldn't help but share that!Best of luck to the entire team at VOLR Salon!  Ruben I miss you!
5	Jillian is the best hairstylist I have ever had! She works very well with blondes. Every time I use boxed hair color and ruin my hair she always fixes it and it looks amazing!!!!  I truly believe she is an artist and would HIGHLY recommend her!
5	Jillian is absolutely AmAzZziNg! I follow her wherever she goes. I love the new salon, all of the staff is so laid back and friendly, it has a very comfortable atmosphere. Last time I was in the music was much better too, idk why that matters to me but it does Back to Jillian... She is the perfect person to go to if you know exactly what you want done, or no clue at all! I usually am all over the place and somewhere in between that. She is a true artist and always comes up with something better than I could ever imagined! Check this place out, you won't regret it!!!
5	Nikki is phenomenal. My partner and I both got our hair cut by her the two years we were out in Phoenix. Now they we are out in Boston, we can't find anyone in the same ballpark as her.  She is extremely friendly, creative, and always makes sure that you are happy with the product. I highly recommend her.
5	I have been going to Nikki as a stylist for several years, and I wanted to write this review to share how very talented she is. She is such a phenomenal talent with color; in fact, she teaches color to other stylists. I have blonde highlights and I'm picky about what shade they are, but I have complete trust in Nikki. I have received many compliments on my hair since she has been doing it to the point that my friends have also sought out Nikki to do their hair. She's also great at cuts and styling; I always try to schedule my appointment for a day where I have something fun to do when I can show off my style. Nikki is also a warm, funny person; sitting in her chair is like visiting an old friend and playing catch up. I highly recommend her.
5	I had an absolutely fab haircut!. My stylist really cared about what i wanted and listened to me well. I was given a nice shape to my hair but my stylist Kept the lent long and didn't cut it all off just to cut it all off. My cut was great and the finished style was beautiful!!  we have finally found our place!!!
