4	I stopped by the Pittsburgh Jiffy Lube on Baum today to get an oil change and tire rotation.  There really aren't a lot of choices to get an oil change on the weekend.  Overall, I had a good experience.  The service was quick, the staff was friendly and everything seems in order. They give out these massive coupon books with oil change/service discounts to get people to come back which I will likely get me to go back.Like most places like this, they offer to do extra services (air filter change for example) which you could probably do on your own without much hassle.
5	It took more time to write this review than it did to get my oil change. Nice location.
1	Located on Baum blvd;  Coming fromNegley or Liberty ave it will be on your right hand side Across from UPMC cancer center and before Get Go.If comming from the opposite direction; be aware there's no stop light. Depending on the time of day making a left hand turn can be a challenging.For my car the average oil change runs about $40.On most visits it takes em about 20 minutes.  It took a little longer because something with my oil pan plug thingy. Whatever the issue They came up to me , explained the issue and apologized for the inconvienance.  You'll want be mindful of attempts at upselling though. I was satisfied with their service and would consider returning.Update.......Ive been reviewing on yelp for several years now. Its uncharastic of me to give a negative review. Unlike fox news I try to give a fair and balanced review based on my personal experience with a business.I returned to jiffylube on 12/23/11 to get an oil change. No problems with my oil change. They managed to have the oil changed in under 10 minutes.However the guys were fumbling around with the latch on my hood for several minutes. I stuck head out the door to tell the guys to push the hood button back in then close the hood. I was ignored.The situation should have been handled differently.1) Before attempting to "fix" my hood latch they should have called me out there and asked how would I go about closing my hood.2) explained that my car hood did not close properly3) they should have explained to me the potential dangers of my hood not closing properly. Because on 12/24/11 my car hood came up while I was driving on highway. I narrowly avoided a serious accident
5	They are friendly professional reliable quick I think that's enough . I keep coming back to them because I trust them.
1	Honesty today must have been forgotten.  I called ahead prior to showing up here to inquire about a basic oil change.  On the phone I relayed my car model and type and was quoted at $43.  A bit steep for an oil change, but for a place that is suppose to be able to get you in and out in a very short amount of time, I could see the charge.When I arrived, I pulled up, said what I needed, got out of my car, handed over my keys and then went in to sit down and wait.  After only about three minutes a technician came in and told me a nice little story about how my car needed synthetic oil.  And that they were going to charge me $70 for it.  Funny thing was that I had my oil changed before and no one ever told me it NEEDED synthetic oil.  Lies.  When I refused to pay that amount they promptly said that they could knock off $15.  I'm sorry, but $55 is still more than what was quoted to me on the phone.  They then wanted me to sign a waiver to put in regular oil.  I just had to look at them and ask if they heard me.  I again refused, went to work, and found a more reliable place with a better price.
1	$400 IN DAMAGESThey cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair. Everything was fine before I brought it here. Mechanic said it looked like they put my bolt in crooked and then hammered it in. Avoid at all cost. They will ruin your car.
1	Never go to this Jiffy Lube.  They tried to charge me $45 for an oil change- no way! I just asked them to change my headlight bulb, and it took an hour and a half.  They kept taking other peoples car who had come in after me, probably because they weren't making much money off of me.  It took them at least a half hour to actually change the bulb- I looked over and 4 people were under the hood trying to figure it out.  Clearly they have no idea what they are doing because last time I needed this service it was done in 5 minutes.  All of the employees were rude and had an attitude.  I would NEVER go back or recommend this place to anyone!
4	Very good service. Came in for an oil change, was informed about other things that might need to be changed in the future, and was not made to feel guilty when I declined. The service worker even gave me a tip about making sure that my toll money is no-where in site when I get my next service change to avoid tempting some dishonest people out there (turns out the corners of a few bills were showing out of one compartment...all bills were still there). He gave me a 10$ discount even though I didn't come in with a coupon, and the oil change was complete in 20 minutes. Will go back.
1	Terrible experience. I dropped my car off at 9:25 AM on a Saturday and there was one other person in front of me. I didn't leave until 11:05AM and was charged $99 for a synthetic oil changed. Overpriced, terrible customer service, and long wait times. Never coming back here.
1	I went to jiffy lube for a routine oil change. I waited for an hour and a half, but they were busy, so I understood.  However, as I was driving home my check engine light came on (within 5 minutes of me leaving jiffy lube). I pulled over and read my car manual and it said that it meant there was an emissions problem.  I knew that the jiffy lube guys had taken my air filter out, so I figured they had probably failed to reconnect everything properly. I turned around and went back to jiffy lube. However, when I got there and explained my situation, I was told it would be another 2 hour wait before they could help me. After some back and forth, they called over the manager.  He basically denied any possibility that it could be related to anything they had done, and tried to tell me that my car just happened, coincidentally, to be having some other problem. Finally, he agreed to let me pull up front and hook my car up to the diagnostic machine. They got back a vague error code (p0420 - catalytic efficiency below threshold), denied any responsibility, and sent me on my way. I'm down $50 and still don't know what's wrong with my car.  All I wanted was a simple oil change!!!! I will never, ever go back to a jiffly lube - especially not this one.
1	Very bad service. They are extremely slow. I waited 90 minutes even though there were just 2 cars in front of me. I bought the signature service which includes vacuuming which they didn't do at all. When I told them that, they just lied and said they did. Never going back here!
