3	Anyone who knows me knows that I love Target.  There.  I said it.  I love Target.  I go about 2-3 times per week, depending on my wants and needs.  And I especially like to go on Tuesdays when new CDs and DVDs come out because they're usually on sale their first week.  I visit the University Target most often mainly because of its convenience, not because it's my favorite Target at which to shop.  This particular Target has yet to figure out that by putting the sale price on the new CDs and DVDs might actually get them to sell.  I usually only know they're on sale because (1) most newly released CDs and DVDs are on sale their first week and (2) they have price scanners throughout the store that are much more reliable than the employees who should be pricing these bad boys to sell.  It also disappoints me that if the newly released CD isn't by a rapper, it doesn't make the "new" rack.  It gets displaced to some other miscellaneous rack where nobody can find it.  Not much marketing savvy going on here. Like I said, I love Target and frequent this one often, but it's mainly because of its convenience to my workplace.  Other than that, I'd go to a different one.
3	Unlike Eric, I'm completely ambivalent about Target.  I generally find myself at Wal-Mart much more often than I do at Target.  I'll give Target the nod for having stores that are cleaner, more organized and generally nicer, but I'll also say that I'll buy a whole lot more at Wal-Mart.The strange thing is that it's not just the style of store, because I typically prefer Lowe's over Home Depot, for almost the exact same reason.  Maybe I like the color of blue over red (or orange).There are some places that Target excels over Wal-Mart, namely in cleaning supplies.  Target has a monstrous selection of things like mops and brooms and, dare I say, plungers, where Wal-Mart has a few, but nothing like Target.Other than that, I find that I'll get almost everything that I need from Wal-Mart, because it's usually more convenient to me.  Other than selection, I find that the staff is about evenly matched, so it comes down to what I can get in the fewest trips, and Wally World gets the nod.
3	First, I love Target.  It's actually difficult for me to give an A-OK rating.  However, I give this location 3 stars because it has all the staples (i.e. pharmacy, concession area, clothing, electronics, etc.).  However, what pulls most Target's apart is the customer service, and the diversity of options in their sections (i.e. (again) housewares, food, etc.).  This Target fulfills my basic needs but it doesn't go above my expectations.  What I do appreciate about this store is the location.  It is super close to UNC Charlotte and there is ample parking!  No reason not to visit here but also no reason to drive out of your way to get here.
4	Target stores in general get two thumbs up from me. Comparing them to WalMart is tedious but must be done because we know they are direct competitors.Initially I was a die-hard WalMart fan but I've turned a corner.I like Target's community initiatives and I've never heard their employees complain about working conditions.Specifically, this location has improved with the addition of a more fleshed out grocery area and although I don't use it fully, I'm glad it's there.I wish they would offer more ORGANIC produce. That would get them more of my $$$.Employees at this location have always been on par with employees at every Target store I've ever visited: polite, helpful, knowledgeable. They are well-trained. There have only been a few times where I've left the store disappointed by not being able to find something I was looking for.Overall, I think it's worth spending a few extra dollars for a better shopping experience and the knowledge that my money is going towards helping those in need.
4	Target Party :) Like Suzanne S. I too love Target. The Target located on University City Blvd. is about a mile from UNC Charlotte and about 5 miles from the Concord Mills area. As you can see, it is very close to the majority of suburbia in the university area. Unlike the other chain super markets in the area this Target isn't crawling with customers all hours of the day and night. There's a comfortable amount of business and staff to meet the needs of customers. The store itself is always very clean, organized and has a wide selection of retail items. I definitely appreciate the fact that Target has recently decided to organize the sales racks by size and discount rate. This new detail is oh-so helpful when I'm shopping on a budget.This Target location specifically has an exceptional pharmacy team. I have recently had to transfer my allergy medications; and every time I go to pick up my refills I am always treated with superior customer service by the pharmacy technician and pharmacists. During my check out experience in the pharmacy I am always asked if I have any questions for the pharmacists. This simple question is both thoughtful and serves a great service to inquisitive customers. This location also offers fresh produce, electronics, jewelry, cosmetics, and  home & gardens sections. Needless to say, I have spent many a Saturday meandering the isles wonderfulness at Target.With that in mind, it is safe to say I can't wait until my next Target trip.
2	It's been years since I been inside of a target. And I see why over price small selection of everything.
3	Older-style target that is not a SuperTarget. They do have a small section of groceries, just not the full selection of a Super. Otherwise, they have all the other departments that you would expect for Target - mens and women's and kids clothing, shoes, housewares, home electrics, automotive, pharmacy, cosmetics and personal care.There's a Wal-Mart not far away, but I needed something that surprisingly Wally World didn't have. I also think that the quality of the clothing is a bit better here at Target though it is a bit more expensive too.Oh, and what's the deal with the shopping carts? What is the sorcery that Target has to make all four wheels on their trolleys actually work? How come Wal-Mart can't figure that out?
2	Target is a store that I've always enjoyed. Its really clean and organized and even though the prices are a little higher than other stores sometimes it's worth to pay a little more to avoid the hassle. This Target is not like many others; they simply have very poor customer service. Finding an associate to help you is nearly impossible Last time I had to walk to the cashiers and ask them for assistance. Unfortunately they are not very helpful either and won't get out of their way to aid you in any way. Too bad is the closest Target to my house. I'm not going to say I'm never going to go there again, but I'm for sure going to try.
3	I have never been a black friday shopper.  In fact, I'm one of those people who laughs at the black friday shoppers.  But while visiting my mom and she says she wants to go to Target on Black Friday, I can't really say no to her, can I?Thankfully, it was a bit later in the morning, at around 8:30, so when we went it was normal Target crowds instead of the mob black friday shoppers I was expecting.  They still had a ton of great deals going on, including a free $10 Target gift card for spending $50 in home stuff (which we easily did).The store had plenty of staff on hand in case the store got crazy busy, but thankfully it wasn't needed so those staff members were busying straightening the store and assisting customers throughout.  It was a surprisingly pleasant Black Friday experience.  Thanks, Target.
4	Although this is not a Super Target (and I really prefer Super in front of my Target) this one is fine.  You can find everything here that you can find in Walmart (at decent prices) without all the lines b/c they only have one or two lanes open, the usual crowd that comes with Walmart making it hard to navigate from point A to B.  Target now carries an extensive selection of Kitchenaide appliances (that I'm a fan of) and Chaplain cooking ware.The accessories can be quite addictive.  They carry a unique selection in every color but too me, the price for fashion accessories can be a little on the high side.  Some of their necklaces are over $20.00...this is when I put it back and go to Forever 21.I rarely pay attention to their weekly sale circuit b/c to me the price that they're saying is a sale is a normal price to me.  Hey...if something is $3.99 and you're making it $3.49 that's nothing to waste gas on.  Make it $2.50 and then I might just ride :)
3	Pretty much your basic Target here located conveniently near UNCC campus.  Don't really know if their business has been affected by the new Wal-mart just down the road near IKEA, but people will shop where they would like to shop.I don't appreciate the parking lot entrance here since it is located in the middle of an exit to WT Harris and Univ City Blvd... makes for an awkward, "where the (insert expletive here) do I go to get to this Target.  Once you get in the building, you are safe... until it's time to leave again - then your chances of surviving the parking lot alive plummet to a low probability.  It could be the combination of parents shopping with their college son or daughters or the actual college son or daughters that make the traffic around the parking lot so awkward, but I try to get in and out quickly.Other than the parking... this location has a little snack shop (can't remember if there is a Starbucks) and is kept relatively clean.
4	I don't know why Target chain stores don't play music.  It always seems so eerily quiet in there.  Other than that, this play is just fine and I enjoy shopping there-- probably too much!  They do have a small grocery section now but if you want to do a full week's shopping I recommend driving up to Kannapolis to the Super Target there.  But, for your basic household needs, clothes, snacks, etc., the employees at this Target are very friendly and it's never too crowded.
4	I like this location it's very clean and organized. Have always been able to get help if I need it. The bathrooms are always kept clean and they have good customer service. Make sure you have your receipt for returns.
5	I like this target it is clean inside the people who work there are very friendly and they have a lot of sales going on all the time it is just a overall nice target I do not shop in Walmart
2	As an avid target shopper, I consider myself a self-proclaimed expert on all things Target. This particular Target is not that great. It's more of a 'run in and grab the basics' kind of Target. The departments feel like they're not fully fleshed out and missing the full stock of things. During the day, the staff is hard to find on the floor for some reason except for when its near closing time. Also, there are never enough cashiers for check out, so pack your patience.
