4	Going to restaurants with large groups is always a scary idea, because more often than not, the service can't keep up. Even scarier is when the large group is celebrating an important life event, like an engagement party, where you want everything to be perfect.I will say that this new Milsa location on Ste-Catherine was able to deliver. Everyone got their food, drinks and the bills were all correct. The manager came on our side on multiple occasion to ensure everything went well, and it all did. Thank you for that, our friends had a fun engagement party and the staff was very professional.The food in itself is the standard Brazilian churrascaria fair, well executed and delivered, but not transcendental either. You get what you pay for and that's fair.Now where it gets outrageously unfair is the price of drink 10$ for a Caipirinha,,,seriously ? drinks are way overpriced. I understand it's the name of the game, but there's a limit.This minor annoyance aside, I recommend this location if you want to indulge in meat galore.
1	Never going to this Milsa location again. I've been to the one at Bishop, and although the service was never stellar, it was much better than the service I had the le Milsa on Saint Catherines. I knew what level of service Milsa offers (mediocre) so I was worried when we arrived at around 9pm (service at great restaurants isn't supposed to fluctuate). We sat down and the waitress said she'd be right with us. Our table did not have plates, glasses, or utensils. Twenty minutes later the waitress finally walks by us, we get her attention and she lets out a gasp (acknowledging that she forgot about us, I assume). She brought us plates. The meat arrived shortly after. We started with sirloin (usually they start with cheaper cuts, like pork). The sirloin was extremely tough. So was the lamb. And the pork. You get the picture. Everything was so overdone, it felt like I was eating leather. At this point, I stopped ordering meat (I think I had 4 bites total) and just ate my $30 meal in salad (I hate their rice). At this point, they still haven't given us water, so we asked for water...3 times. An hour into our "service" we finally received empty water glasses. Ten minutes after that, the water pitcher came. We heard other tables around us (who got there much earlier than we did) experience the same sort of service. I brought this to the attention of our waitress, who understood but said "maybe it's because it's late?" I responded "if service is going to suffer after 9 o'clock, be up front with your clientele and simply stop service and let them know the kitchen is closed. I would have gladly gone some place else for a meal I would have actually enjoyed." The waitress seemed really understanding and apologetic, and 2 of the servers were really sweet (both men). All in all, the service was slow, the meat was cooked terribly, and for the price it certainly wasn't worth it. They also seemed to be having a Tuango promotion that a bunch of people were claiming (a $30 dinner for 2) ..but we paid full price. It was not worth our money in the least. Won't be coming here ever again. Which is a shame. Oh and I'd also like to mention that the restaurant doesn't have it's own bathrooms. You actually need to go through a connecting door, into another restaurant to use their bathrooms. It was very dirty and disturbing. And the locale where le Milsa is used to be an old bar from what I can tell, and it doesn't look like they renovated much. The tables and chairs were very 80's looking, and for a brand new location it 's a let-down.
5	O.M.G. This is like an eater's paradise. Meat, Meat Meat....More Meat. Can I have some more meat? You will never find yourself asking for more MEAT as its constantly being brought to you until you beg them to please stop bringing me more MEAT!Everything we had was delicious. EVERY.THING.
4	If you love Meat, than this is the place for you. The Best bang for your buck at 30 bucks for All you can Eat, come hungry and leave Happy....very Happy.All the Meats were delicious but my favorites were the Rib Steak, lamb and Filet Mignon. The meat keeps coming til you tell them to stop. In addition the grilled mushrooms are to die for. The Grilled Pineapple for dessert was out of this world.The Ambiance is very nice they have a huge terrace and Brazilian dancers. The staff are very friendly. I've been there 3 or 4 times now, Its Great
4	Lot's of Fun.  Great time.  All the meat you can eat.
5	I had an amazing experience in the other Le Milsa location on Bishop street, so I decided to try also the St-Catherine location and it was as good as my first experience. The service was great, the music very joyful and the food...oh boy...the food was so delicious! Loved by the way also their salads and not only the meat.
