1	Overly expensive attorney who will not deliver any results! Save your money, time and energy by finding an attorney who will work for you and with you. Alan, unfortunately, does not possess any of the characteristics one would hope to find in a good attorney. He lacks character, has a weak work ethic, has poor communication skills and seemingly limited knowledge. Do not make the same mistake that I did!
5	The above "review" was, we believe, written by the husband of one of my clients who did not like the outcome of our court proceeding. He was not even interested enough in it to show up. He told me that he was going to smear me and my reputation but I figured he was just another nut. Apparently, he is more than just that. Note his name (Blossom. Really?) and where he is from (Waco? or Wacko?). Readers can certainly take from the "review" what they wish, but at least I am willing to sign my real name. By the way, I had to rate myself to get this posted; only reason for the review.  Alan Krusch
5	Alan is a sophisticated professional. Wow, did I say wow?!!!!  He will tell you up front EXACTLY what will happen with your case. Also known as  the truth, which (by the way you probably already know.)  My advise is to just let him do his job -that he is more than capable of doing.  Don't ask too many questions or get yourself worked up.  Alan will tell you in advance almost the exact outcome of your case to a t.  In the end you can feel good about him as a human being because he won't resort to less than favorable behaviour.  And by that I mean other attorneys who have to use immature tactics to make up for what they lack as men. Although it is quite entertaining to watch some of them!!! Especially JIM WARREN!!! Hahahahaha!!!!!  Submitted by JULIE MEDLIN, who JUST WON HER CASE!!!!!!!!!Thank you ALAN KRUSCH!
5	I have used Alan several times over the past 15 to 20 years. He is a caring and wise individual. I have always been very pleased with the service that Alan provided. If you need to get "lawyered up" for a domestic case, I highly recommend Alan. As for the post from Blossom C, my guess is he was on the receiving end of a legal matter with Alan. As far as lacking character, weak work ethic, poor communications and limited knowledge, just the opposite is true.
