1	This is the most horrible dry cleaners I have ever experienced.  They completely destroyed a $200 shirt and just lost another silk blouse.  Throwing away your clothes would be easier than driving to this dry cleaner, dealing with rude service, and not getting your clothes back in the condition you gave it to them, or just not getting your clothes back at all.  They change their hours at will without updating their website to inform their customers, so you drive all the way out there after a long day at work, and find the doors locked without even an apology.  Very unprofessional... the worst ever!
1	NEVER GO HERE! TAKE YOUR BISS. ELSEWHERE! THESE PEOPLE RIP YOU OFF! I just moved into the area looking for a dry cleaners. This one was close to my home but by far the worst experience i ever had. I brought my work shirts in and handed them to the woman to look at to give me a direct price. She looked at my shirts. I also had one apron, a sun dress and to 2 pair of jeans to be repaired. The first woman i delt with told me one price but when I came in to pick up my order. My shirtsand aprons still had the stains on them. I could have done a better job with some oxy clean, Reason i didnt was bc i didnt want to have to go through that. So now the woman tells me double the price then what the first woman said to me and didnt want to help me on there mistake! Then the jeans for repair she tells me it would cost me at most 7 dollars a pair of pants to get repaired! The other woman tell me i owe 16 dollars a pair! DOUBLE THEN WHAT I WAS TOLD! She said they needed to be cleaned? so you just add on services because its what you think and just charge them for the service! I was charged double for every piece of clothing. I asked for a manger it was the of course her! so i wanted to speak to someone else higher and she refused to give me any kind of contact with them? needless to say i had to pay way more then what i was told and when i was in there she kept pushing me aside to help other customers when I was there first and a PAYING customer too! Totally Unprofessional the way this biss is run! GO ELSEWHERE TRYING TO SAVE YOU FROM A NIGHTMARE AT THE DRY CLEANERS!!!
1	I did business with this cleaners about every week for over 15 years. I recently left a custom made - $175 men's dress shirt for cleaning. The shirt is one year old but like new. Somehow, in the cleaning process, the shirt got stained to the point that it is now unwearable. Springfresh took two weeks to offer a small store credit and $25, which was unacceptable. I do not recommend them and will not go back.
