4	Even though we had SO many great meals on this trip and this one's been totally overshadowed by others, I have to be fair and give it four stars as any other time in any other place, it would've been a pretty memorable meal. BYOB, of course we were running late so we went to the restaurant first, asked them about the closest liquor store (SAQ on the corner of Duluth & St. Denis) then RAN back to the restaurant. It's been a few weeks so my memory's hazy (and they don't seem to have a website to refresh my memory) but I believe we had foie gras torchon and escargot for appetizers then duck breast and lamb leg confit for entree. The escargot appetizer was quite memorable, unlike any other preparations I've had, with creamy sauce and fresh vegetables or herbs. Great mix of texture and flavor. Highlight of the meal. The foie gras torchon was also excellent. The entrees were also very good, but perhaps not as memorable as the appetizers as I can't seem to recall much about them other than the fact that they were delicious! I had floating islands as dessert (good, but I prefer my meringue crunchy on the outside) and my husband had something that I have no recollection of other than the fact that it tasted very strongly of alcohol to me -- but then I don't drink at all and can taste alcohol in the most miniscule amount. He loved it and proclaimed it a very "adult" dessert. Overall a great meal, not sure if it's a destination-dining sort of place, but most definitely a solid neighborhood spot. I know I would totally frequent it if I lived in Montreal! Also a very nice waiter, we even shared our wine -- which he happily drank!
5	This is for sure the best restaurant I've ever been to in Montreal. I've been twice, once with my boyfriends family and once for my birthday. It is on the pricey side (appetizers $9-$12, main courses $25-$34), but you really need to get the escargot appetizer.... unlike any I've had before, but sooo good. I think I had the venison filet both times, and it melts in your mouth. I also loved the atmosphere. It's super small and not really fancy, but has a nice intimate feel. The kitchen is open and the host/waiter makes you feel welcome with out being overbearing. Make it a point to eat here, you won't be disappointed, the food is incredible. Just make sure to make reservations. They have two seatings, I think one around 5:30 and one around 8:30..I'd try for the second, but just because I wouldn't want to feel rushed.
4	Great experience. Very cozy restaurant. The food was great as was the service. Give it a try. But you should probably reserve in advance.
5	This nice, small, quiet restaurant has amazing food and good service.  Definitely a place to bring out-of-towners to sample French gastronomy.
5	My wife and I had dinner here last weekend and it was by far and away one of the best meals that we have ever had.  We started with the foie gras and then had the salmon and cassoulet for dinner.  Each dish was excellent.  Our table had a view of the kitchen and we had a bird's eye view of the chef pan frying the duck for the cassoulet!  Truly tremendous!  The service was fantastic and the setting was very intimate.  The BYO wine policy helps to keep the cost reasonable.  We can't say enough about this restaurant, we would highly recommend it to anyone!
5	This was my second time going to "Le P'tit Plateau" and the first was over 2 years ago. I always hesitated since my first experience was so great, I didn't want to taint that memory I had. I don't regret my decision, it was as great as I remembered!I ordered a salmon tartar to start the night, followed by a leek (poireau) potage and a lamb shank (souris d'agneau) as a main course. Everything was absolutely delicious. The lamb was perfectly serve and all the meat came right off the bone. All this combined with the fact that you can BYOB/W makes for a great overall experience.The restaurant itself has a very cozy atmosphere. It's very important that you reserve in advance, since it can only hold about 30 people. Despite the price range, you never feel like you're in a snooty/snobby place. The waiting staff is amazing and make you feel welcome at all time. 5/5, Will come back! (In less than 2 years I hope)
