4	Had an great time at this race! It was another FUN RUN I participated in with a few of my friends. The race itself was set-up well, easy to register, not a bad price, reminder e-mails, information emails, not once did I feel like I was left hanging trying to get prepared for this run. Packet pick up was easy and quick nothing much to worry about.The day of the race, parking was a snap ($10 was a little pricey to park your car) we got in parked and walked right through the gate. Our start time was 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon, but we were able to be released with the 1:00 start time, because we were in the last large wave.The run itself was set up well, having to run some and get through obstacles. The way they set up the spacing between obstacles was nice, for if you were tired from an obstacle you could run or walk to the next one to take a little break. There are a lot of different kind of athletes that run these fun races. People who go to have a good time and run/walk, people who like the obstacles but don't run at all, and people who get through the run and obstacles as fast as possible. So no matter what kind of athlete you are, you can take it at your own pace and everyone has a good time. With their being obstacles, you of course have some kind of backup/wait at each obstacle but its not too bad. You can catch your breath and chit chat with people while waiting in line. The obstacles were very fun and different from any other run I have participated in. You had monkey bars, a big wall to go up and over, large barriers that you had to get over/hurdle, slides to climb up then slide down, blow up slides that got you wet and covered in foam, a large and long bouncy obstacle you had to bounce through to get to the other side, the wrecking ball, where you had to travel through water on a small path without getting hit by two large balls on a crane swinging at you and last but not least the largest inflatable waterslide to cross the finish line. This race was basically like the show Wipe Out!In the end everything that had to do with the actual race was awesome! They do really need to spruce up their after party and have better vendors working there. The beer ladies were all terribly rude, the food options were yuck and the DJ didn't get the crowd pumped at all. Those few things along with a better t-shirt design I think the race would have been perfect!!!! Hopefully some better things to come next yr!Thanks for the fun run ROC!
5	So Much Fun!!!A few of us signed up for this race a while back because it looked like it would be a good time.  I have done a few other obstacle runs like Warrior Dash and Rugged but those are much more hardcore. ROC race was a ton of fun and very well organized.  The obstacles were great and some seemed like they were from one of those game shows you see on TV.  Inflatable water slides, rope swing, monkey bars and moon bounce were just a few that were there.  The wrecking ball was awesome toward the end as well.There was a bag check and alcohol was available for those over 21.  Many people came out in costumes.  This was definitely one of the most fun races I have done so far and I will definitely sign up again next year if they come back to Phoenix.Highly recommend!
5	Let's face it. Every run now has its gimmick. However, how could I turn down one that bases its run on television game show obstacles? Wipeout has always been one of my favorite shows. I even pondered going out to California to try out for the show. It's too bad my work schedule always got in the way!The ROC (Ridiculous Obstacle Couse) race did not disappoint. There were endless inflatable obstacles to be had at this run. Even the huge big balls made their appearance. You know, that one obstacle where you have to jump from one ball to the next and to the next and to the next? There were four giant balls all together, but instead of falling into the water, you just fell onto a bouncy platform. The odds for getting hurt in this run were very slim!There were all sorts of slides. Some slides you slid down normally and landed in water. Others, you slid on your belly. There was also foam filled slip and slides. People you didn't even know, you raced down these slides, because why not? It's fun!One of the most intimidating obstacles was trying to get across a long thin walkway without getting slammed by two giant spinning "wrecking" balls. These balls did not hurt, but if they hit you just right, you fell into the water. There were a few cases where some people went flying into the water, but that was rare. It was entertaining to see people scheme strategies on how to make it across. The funny part is, after I made my attempt and fell in. I wanted to go back and try again! It wasn't scary at all! It was hilarious and fun!After the run, there were foam machines that blasted foam in the air. It was hard to take pictures since there was so much of it that it was almost impossible to see! It didn't matter though. How often do you get to play in foam bubbles? It's the closest you'll ever to getting to know what it's like to be in a washing machine in your life, or maybe closer to those foam parties in college... Either way, it was a blast! Another interesting aspect was that the entire run is untimed. It's how I convinced alot of my "non running" friends to participate! I just wish that everyone got a medal at the end. It seems that only the costume contest ones got medals. My team of 12 dressed as 80s runners, but we somehow missed the costume competition and missed out on those medals. Although slightly disappointed, it was soon forgotten after enjoying some drinks from Southern Comfort who sponsored the event. No, the drinks weren't free, but they had a variety of drinks to enjoy regardless so we couldn't turn them down.   All in all, this was one of my favorite obstacle runs ever just because it truly accomplishes what it intends, for everyone to have fun and smile!
4	We ROC'd it! For the first year in Arizona , ROC race did it pretty well!  Kinda like Wipeout with inflatable obastacles along the 5k course.  We were lucky with the great weather a little wind helped with the walking.  Yes, you can walk, jog or run the course.  But why go fast when you can take your time, enjoy the weather, time with your friends and YOU NEED your energy when you try to complete the obstacles!  A few suggestions would be: 1. Water and food at the end of the finish line (provided, not for purchasing) 2. Some kind of medal or something for all participants 3. More photographers at the obstacles, having seen the photos on the official photography site, not really impressed and for the price, seriously! Some of the obstacles are not that easy, I did accomplish the Wrecking Ball which wasn't as hard as some of the others.  Just big balls in your way and a very hairy man in a speedo with a really irritating voice to annoy you while you try to cross without falling in the brown water.  It was fun, however, we didn't stick around since the price of food and drinks were high.  It didn't feel like an after party, therefore, we went to a close restaurant which was filled with the racers.
4	ROC Race is now at the top of my obstacle course race list! Unlike similar races, this one spares the mud bath and although you still get a 'dirty' yet refreshing soak at the bottom of some slides and obstacles, the only thing to rinse off at the end is a thick coating of foam and bubbles...but then we were right back in the bubbles outside of the race where spectators and racers could play beneath a machine blowing this foam into the air and all over the ground where people were literally swimming or hiding under said foam.The obstacles weren't too challenging.The only one that seemed almost impossible, 'big balls' was skipped by most. I tried it but immediately fell upon jumping onto the first ball. The slides and moon bounce were the most fun. The wrecking ball obstacle was the most anticipated challenge, I believe. The emcee at the beginning of the race did a great job of getting everyone pumped and ready to run! And the emcee at the last obstacle, wrecking ball, was quite entertaining with his speedo and commentary. We were VERY disappointed that we did not get a medal at the end of this race. I've collected bibs and medals from every obstacle run I've done and they were not passed out at the end of this race. And this one might have been the most I had paid for an obstacle course! I saw a few medals but heard they were only for the costume content, which we knew nothing about until it had ended. And we were all dressed up in 80s costume. We enjoyed the cocktails and music post-race, as well. I would definitely do this race again and recruit more friends if I get the chance. It was a super fun time!
4	This was A LOT of fun.I've done Warrior Dash before, but you should know this is MUCH more casual than those types of runs.  It's not timed, and so a lot of people walk or jog most of the way.The obstacles are incredible.  A few fun slides ... the 'wrecking ball' is difficult but a blast even when you land in the water.  The jump balls are pretty much impossible, but we got to try 3 times, which was fun.  Then at the end they blast you with foam.  Good times.A few suggestions to make it even better next year:-Consistent Prices:  It was pretty annoying that after paying full price there were tons and tons of groupons offered.  If that's going to happen, people should be able to price-adjust.-It's annoying not being able to pick your run time.  We selected the early wave (which goes from 7:30 AM - I think 11:30 AM), but unfortunately were placed right at the beginning.  Early mornings are great for some, but it would be nice to choose.-There needs to be more of a variety of food and drinks available at the end.  We finished the race at 8:30 AM and they had burgers and beers.  Especially for the morning runners, offer bagels and orange juice/mimosas.-Check-in needs to be improved.  We got email after email saying to go Thursday, and we ended up in a 90 minute line.  It was awful.-It's odd that the 'after party' isn't until later in the night.  A lot of fun runs have big party spots with live music right after you finish the race.  That's the way to do it.All that being said, I'm still giving this 4 stars because I can't imagine a more enjoyable fun run.  It was terrific.
4	This was a fun race. The obstacles weren't tough and geared towards fun rather than challenge. The course was well designed. My competitive side wished there was a way to see how I compared to others in my wave and age group. I didn't see a ton of vendors which was nice because corporate America hasn't taken this event over like warrior dash. It would have been nice to gotten a free beer at the end of the race though.
5	So much fun! Entire family participated in Roc Challenge and loved it!!!!!!
4	I enjoyed the course and had a lot of fun.  The event was well organized and well executed, no long lines.  The obstacles were very professionally done, not too difficult, a high level of fun and safety.  Complaints were that the event was run too late in the year for water obstacles, boo to having to pay for parking, no sponsored freebies, and the ticket price was FAR too high for what you got.
5	Best 5k we've done! So many great obstacles, love the bouncing balls and the sweeper arms!
5	This was my first time doing anything like this! It was awesome! I will do it next year. I'm so sore but well worth it. The big slide was my favorite. The obstacles were a good distances apart. Not too close together and not too far apart. I am thinking of doing other races because of this one. But I hear this one is better then the others!!!
3	I had fun, but wouldn't likely do it again. Everything was cool, just not that exciting at 43 years old. Glad that I did it, but wasn't that impressed with the overall experience for the cost. The packet pickup line at Sports Authority was a joke.  Most people loved it and definitely worth trying once.
5	Super fun! They did a great job! It was really a 5k, the lines were not that bad considering how many people were there. The volunteers were all very helpful and so nice. It's hilarious watching people try and do some of them.
5	Loved it!  I'm normally very afraid of heights but this was so inviting and since I was doing it with friends I thought 'What the heck!"  and I went for it -screaming "Yahoooooo"  all the way down the slides!  It was a little cold out so I didn't do the wreaking balls.  I was already soaking wet.  Still yet, I loved it and it was super fun.
5	This is a race everyone can do. I had so much fun that I was a kid again! The organization of this event makes this even more fantastic with no worries.
4	I love this run!  Just a blast and a great day.  I've done Warrior, Devil, Spartan Sprint, Color Run, Glow Run, etc.  This is just a great time.  I wanted to run it twice and can't wait for next year!!
4	Once again, had a blast at the ROC.It's an all ages, all athletic ability race.  Saw all kinds of different people.  It's not really a race, as much as just going out and having fun.Second year in a row, second time I had an AWESOME time.  I suggest people sign up for it next year.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Had a blast!! Race was well organized... package pick up was a breeze and heat start times were staggered well so there was minimal to no lines at obstacles. "Workers" at each obstacle were amazing, supportive, funny, & entertaining! bag check was easy/organized as well. They don't have places to change (from what I saw) so that was a little hiccup for my plans but otherwise A OK.
5	Just do it for the fun.  Not terribly challenging but tons of fun for all ages.  Costumes were awesome, energy was high, staff was exceptional.  I brought 5 teenagers and they will never forget it.
5	This is as good as it gets for a "fun" run.  Definitely not challenging but was exactly what my team and I needed to pull us closer together after rough days at work.  This would be an amazing team building event for workplaces as it is all about having fun.  No times. No pressure.  Lots of support. As others are saying, this is not like the "mud" runs.  I've done many of those and they do challenge you.  They make you work, focus and push to complete those events but they fall into another category.  This was meant to be fun and is just that. I didn't see one disappointed face at this event. ROC on!!!
4	Roc Race was a lot of fun.  I enjoyed the obstacles they provided and it seemed like a great turn out for them.  I thought a few of the obstacles were a bit cheesy, but it is what it is.  I also didn't think it was worth the $70 fee they charged for the event.  That was really the only negative thing about it.  I will probably not be doing this event next year.  It was kind of a been there done that deal for me.  Unless they revamp the obstacles and make them more challenging I may reconsider.
4	Very very fun! Def recommend it for next year as I am sure it will be bigger and better. the only down fall was the lines, but other than that had a blast!
5	ROC RACE 2014!!!! YEEEEEHHHAWWWWWW! I love that you added a few new obstacles, I love that the course was different than last year and I love that you did smaller waves of people for the run! Everything went a lot smoother, lines were shorter, obstacles were funner (yes I just used that word! HAHA!) Great job! I definitely look forward to attending next years run! Keep it up! :D
5	This was the most fun 5k run I have ever done. And you are clean at the end!!
