5	Best pizza I have ever had.
1	I was really excited to learn from a fellow yelper that this place was opening. Being a huge fan of "Parma" I think I set my hopes too high.To start the pizzas are a flat $7 and then $1 for each topping. I like things simple so I ordered the "Red Margarita". It had tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil, olive oil and I had them add garlic. The pizza (you can tell by the picture) looked somewhat tasty. There wasn't really a wow factor. The sauce was watery and and the bottom crust was very black. I know it is supposed to have a blackened pattern on the bottom but it was solid black which made it hard to actually take in all the flavors on the pizza. My man wasn't able to finish his "Pepperoni Pizza" because the burnt flavor stood out too much. I managed to make it to slice number 3 of 4 to find I bit into a piece of a metal spring type thing. Obviously this made me nervous to eat anymore. I did go up to the counter and show the cashier and explain that I had bitten into it who right away apologized and showed it to Chef Marc who was on the phone and literally stopped his conversation to make sure I wasn't hurt and that I was OK. I explained that I was just fine thank goodness but I wanted them to know about what happened and if they knew what the piece of metal might be so they can make sure nobody else gets a piece and swallows it. Chef Marc said it was from whatever they use to clean the dishes. The proper thing to do here would be to refund my meal or remake it. Neither was even offered. I do understand accidents happen and that they just opened and are working out kinks. I noticed an electrician there doing wiring on a wall and boxes were scattered everywhere so they are clearly still getting the place together. Chef Marc insisted I take any flavor gelato I wanted for free to make up for what happened.  The gelato was not that great. A refund or a remade pizza would have been the appropriate thing to do.The place was clean as far as there wasn't food on the floor or anything like that but the electrician doing the wiring and all the boxes/wires around made me feel I was intruding and they weren't ready for customers. Inside was plenty of seating. They offer beer and wine.I most likely wont give this palce a 2nd try since I am turned off by the "metal pizza" and the way it was handled.
5	My husband and I frequent pizza places all around Las Vegas. We went to Novecento for the first time today and fell in love with it. The white pizza with our additions of pesto, ricotta and an Italian salami was so delicious. The staff was very helpful with guiding us to what we should put on our pizza. The ingredients were very fresh. The establishment was super clean. Our food came out promptly while we were just finishing paying. I would come back again and again!! The pizza was amazing. Dine in or take out soon because this pizza will blow your mind!
1	After reading the reviews we decided as out of town visitors to try this place since our parents are familiar with all the restaurants Marc owns. We walked in at 9:30 p.m. And asked if they were still open. The young man said "yes" but the other young man said "no".  What kind of employees did Marc hire?  Our parents were shocked and they live so close to the place.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed this place! We got two pizza's -the classic Margarita and a white pizza - and they were equally delicious. We will definitely be back.
5	Pretty good pizza B-
2	I am a seasoned pizza eater - and I mean pizza eater in Italy.  The concept for this restaurant is great, the execution is dismal.  The pizza makers admitted they did not know what they are doing - I found it frustrating trying to explain to him the difference between what the classic pizza vs the margherita pizza ingredients were listed on their menu!  How good your pizza is depends on which of the pizza makers make it otherwise you will end up with a soggy and thick crust (limpy) pizza.  The pizza was also very salty... the guy was v heavy handed with the salt.. better to ask for no salt and add yourself!My recommendation to anyone who really wants to try this place - watch first who makes good pizza and make sure that is the guy who makes yours otherwise you will not be happy :(  Overall, the employees were not trained.  They didn't seem to care about the quality and output of what they were making.  I guess I'm a spoiled Vegas native turned NY who happens to be lucky enough to make at it to italy at least once a year to have authentic pizza.. and Neopolitan pizza.. this does not measure up.
5	Came in for a quick lunch and found Chef Marc behind the counter making the pizzas with his dad. I loved that he took the time to talk to us and explain how to order and  what type of ingredients we could choose from. We chose the margarita pizza and added some ham. Had the other pizza margarita with sausage. We paid and sat down. About 2 minutes later our hot almond wood fired pizza arrives at the table. It looks amazing and it is the thinnest pizza I have ever eaten. It was the best I have ever had! The fresh mozzarella, the homemade sauce, and the high end ingredients made it!While we were eating Chef Marc came over to the table to sit down and talk with us. As the owner you can tell he was anxious to see what we thought. I enjoyed talking with him and hearing about the different pizzas and the 900 degree almond wood stove. I had to go shopping after this with the wife and had that after dinner glow I get when I am completely satisfied. The pizza was awesome, and I am glad the prices are so good. I will be back again, and again!!
5	Best pizza in Las VegasSince the day this place opened in the middle of December I have eaten here eight time. Chef Marc is a culinary genius and Novecento shows it.  Using a variety of fresh ingredients, the pizza is an cooked to perfection in the woodfire oven.  This is a place to watch because the food is great and only getting better.
2	Pains me to write this review but it needs to be said. You order your pizza to the pizza man and then go pay at the counter. It's a  DIY drink, condiments, utensils and such situation. We ordered light since we had a early dinner to go to but haven't eaten breakfast or lunch. I'm glad we did. Chopped Salad -I like the salami that is in there with the tomato, onion and lettuce, but it's just a simple, good solid salad. It's a really fine chop so you get a little bit of everything in each bite. They do small and big portions. We did a small which was still quite sizeable and good for sharing between two. This was the best part of the meal - simple salad. Marguerita style pizza with meatball and onions - While the ingredients were fresh, it just missed the mark in composition. It was too wet. By the time we were done with the first slice which had a bit of a wet tip (that sounds dirty), the rest of the pizza was soaked on the bottom. The sauce probably needs to be reduced down a bit. The structure of making your pizza is choose a base ($7 marguerita, white, pomodoro) and a la carte toppings $1 most, $2-3 for stuff like chicken and prosciutto. Really reasonable to pay $1 for stuff like pepperoni, but I think maybe stuff like garlic slices or a few pieces of onion should be less? I think that's like on different levels since one is substantial vs"flavoring" type topping, and it's cheap compared to a meat. As far as napolitana style pizzas goes, it's alright. I'll go across town to Settebellos than to down the street to here if it doesn't improve in the sog factor. Because of this, I definitely wouldn't recommend trying takeout. Come eat this fresh...just to be safe. Anyways when we paid, the BF asked for just some ice water. The girl said they didn't have cups for water at this time and does he want a fountain soda (neither of us drink soda).  I looked over to the fountain and there wasn't ice tea sitting near it which is the only other thing I can drink. There was clear cups and paper cups sitting inbetween her and the BF but there was no cups for water. She asks the person behind her if they have water cups and they said no they don't have water cups. She asked if we wanted to buy bottled water instead, that it's only a dollar or buy any other drink. So the BF clarified, so we cannot have ice water, cannot have a cup except this specified water cup that they do not have, we can only buy water which the answer was basically yes. I think there was no "water cup" but just maybe hope that we would buy something else perhaps than get free tap water or maybe buy a soda but still get water in it? I dunno. It was just a really awkwardly painful conversation to witness. Fine we will get two waters which turned out not to be a dollar which she kept telling us it was. I'm not trying to be a nickel and dimer, I'm just annoyed at the situation based on principle. I really need to drink a lot of water and it always sucks having to stick to a small bottle of water and conserve it between bites or buy multiple bottles that add up to the price of my whole meal.Gah, now I feel like one of those Yelpers that's rambling over something trivial. Which it is in some ways and really isn't at the same time. I want to go to a restaurant and eat relaxed, have water refilled and tip well for that service. I went to go look at gelato since it sounded promising from Nelsons review, but unfortunately it was looking pretty melted and off so I opted out of dessert as well. Unfortunate. I just don't know how I feel about this place. When you have such a known name as Parma by Chef Marc it's going to be compared to it's successful sister. That place is warm service that recognizes regulars, patient and enthusiastic about explaining the menu, and has attention to detail to make your dining there magical. It's something that is a notch above the usual so it is weird to go from that to a no service place. The people weren't mean, but that whole exchange was really weird with the water cup.... I really don't think that would fly at Parma. Atmosphere and service is part of what sells Parma so why not translate that magic into a pizza place? This isn't a really pricey place, but it isn't cheap that semi-service isn't possible. I'm so disappointed. I had high hopes. I hope it changes, but I will watch from afar and see if a Yelperazzi can convince me in their review I need to come back. I really hope I will once this is a restaurant but for now this is a under construction fast food.(Yelp 100 Challenge 6/100)
3	Once we figured the ordering process out, this became a very good place to have pizza.  We have often observed people walk in... look at the board with the instructions, look over at the people too busy to work to dough to greet them and engage them in conversation like "welcome! have you been here before? no? let me tell you how this works...." I have seen people stand awkwardly in the line for a minute or two then walk out.  Lately I have noticed some employees talking to people in line.. this makes them comfortable enough to stick around guys!!! This makes people come back!!! I agree with other reviewers, the pizza is ready by the time you pay, beating you out to the table... This is great if pizza is all you want..  I usually get the beet salad... the best on their menu... I have had a salad that had unpitted olives in it once.. NO warning about the unpitted olives!!! I bit into one and learned to separate the rest from the salad so I wouldnt screw up a tooth..... Now, Im not a big baby, and I handled the unpitted olives like an adult, but you know someone out there is going to chip a tooth then try to get this restaurant to foot the bill.. It usually takes about 5 minutes after the pizza arrives for the salad to come, so one of us sits while the other eats.... No biggie, just awkward.  The pizza is delicious for the price... 7 bucks for sauce, mozzerella, parmesean, olive oil, then a buck each for really good toppings, so price very reasonable.   I want this place to succeed and with some minor tweaks it will.  I agree with another person about why not let us sit and order instead of stand in line?  Put tables and chairs close to the pizza makers so those who are curious can watch,, the rest of us are content with eating really good pizza
3	first of all, I have to say the ordering procedure was a little confusing to me...  but finally after we had figured it out it was ok. we had the Roman pizza which was good and one pizza with white sauce and arugula on it  (forgot was it was called!)  the best was the crust which I really loved, but the topping was quite salty for our taste.  The overall experience was not bad but it gave me an impression that they are not really ready to accommodate a busy dinner rush hour.  We had to wait for almost 15 mins for our soup while the pizza was ready in warp speed.  and we went there around 2 PM, Sunday afternoon.....I think I will try again in a few weeks/months just for them to settle down and have a smooth flow of things.
3	I was very excited to hear about this place opening up due to his restaurant -Parma  being so wonderful. This is a good place to take your family for fast wood fire pizza. They have a large amount of fresh toppings and kids love watching them make the pizza in front of you. I've only tried two pizzas here, and I would love to go back. But my main issues are -The marinara is too thin - it makes it to where it runs to the bottom of the pan and makes the bottom of your crust soggy. Nobody wants soggy crust. The salads are good portions, but I feel are a bit overpriced and they're not that great. They use too much olive oil and the salad tastes bland. Overall, the prices are decent and the service is good and fast. I will try it again, but sadly...it's not the best pizza in this area.
3	Luckily for me Raising Canes was closed, because that's where my group was headed. I had this place bookmarked, and was quick to mention it as an option. As some of the others wrote, the ordering process was a bit confusing. They were polite and greeted me, but did not really explain what to do. It looked like there were a variety of sauces, and I went with the spicy one. Then it kind of went like a subway line, you choose your ingredients as you go and then they throw it in the 900 degree oven.  The mozzarella was fresh and very appetizing to the eye. I added pepperoni, sausage, fresh basil, and cherry peppers. I should have requested it well done, as the middle was mushy and would have been better with a crisp. The dough and the cheese were the best part. It was a good wood fired Naples style pizza. I also added an olive and cheese plate- I expected it to be a variety but it was simply some Sicilian olives with some parmasean reggiano. Step it up a notch please.  If I lived in the area I'd give it another shot. Also would like to note that there was no visible health grade. This worries me because at their chefs other restaurant I've personally seen a B, and a C.
5	Ok!! they have ironed out most of the problems, the staff is very friendly, greeting you as you walk in the door, we eat here about 2 to 3 times a week, I will always have the beet salad, we share a pizza, havent had a bad pizza yet.  Today I ordered the meatball side dish and was impressed by what i got for 3 bucks.  Two baseball sized meatballs with marinara sauce.  For 3 bucks.  Not kidding.  Go there.
5	Novecento!!  Not actually the most catchiest name.  I think it will take me a week to engrain that in my head. After my many trips to Teriyaki Madness I just HAD to check out what was going on next door.  Still kinda new the place is always packed!  We decided to find out what the hype was about anticipating the "usual kind of pizza joint".  Not at all what I had thought and I have to say I was pleasantly suprised!With a Chipotle style orderline you can customize your pizza and watch them make it right in front of you.  Brilliant!  The first in the door experience we were completely confused and the girl didnt help us much.  A nice "have you been here before-this is what we are about" would have been nice....but we rolled with it.The pizzas are all individual size-so they say.  They were a little big for one person we thought so we decided to share the pizza and salad.  We filled out the little check list that they have there for you but she didnt use it.  She basically started with the dough on a wooden pizza plank and asked what sauce we wanted (white or red).  We went with the red-but I think next time we will do a half and half to try it.  She started the next step breaking up fresh mozerella on top of the sauce.  Yes FRESH!  For our toppings we did ricotta and sausage-all fresh.  The toppings they offer are totally legit-authentic.  I can't wait to try something different next time.  Off it went into the wood fired oven.  Then the next step was the salad section.  The guy recommended the chopped salad (chopped lettuce, red peppers, onions, etc with Italian dressing).  Amazing!  No joke....Im not a real salad girl but I will have this everytime we go here.  We shared the small size and it was plenty!  The pizza was delivered to our table not even 10 minutes later.  While we were waiting and eating our salad we notice the story of the Novacento way to eat their pizza.  They recommend to not have the pizza cut, rip the crust off and dip it in the middle and then finish it off with a fork and knife.  So thats what we did.  Man that was the best pizza.  Like someone said previous-a little soggy in the middle but that didnt matter to us.  We devoured it!Other than being confused in the beginning, the service was good and food was the best.  The place has a little Italian restaurant feel which makes you comfortable right away.  Out the door lunch was a flat $20.  Not too shabby for the quality of food we just had.  They do offer to-go orders.  I wouldnt really recommend that.  I think their pizza needs to be experience right out of their handy dandy wood fired oven.   I cannot wait to return...I just hope its just as good as the first time! ;)
5	This 5 star review is for their pizza, because they make it exactly the way I like it -- or close enough. Fresh dough, NO thick fatty crust, mozzarella cheese (just the right amount) and so many veggie options to go on top -- even arugula. Needless to say, I am  not a fan of cheesy, fatty, artery clogging American pizzas. Sorry if I'm offending anyone, not my intention. Normally, when I, hardly ever, order pizza from the chain pizza places here, I feel so full and achy after only one or two slices. But I actually could finish an entire pizza there (got the margarita pizza with mushrooms and basil). Cannot comment on anything else from the menu, because I have only had the pizza so far. The guys behind the counter are very nice and I love watching the first guy spreading the dough out. The place is very spacious and clean and I have been there twice now with no problems. Hopefully I can go back soon. I think I have found my favorite pizza place except for when we make our own at home on the grill... but nothing can top that.
5	Who: The woman and myself on a lunch date.What: Margherita and Bianco (gorgonzola, onions, arugula) pizza, and GelatoWhere: About a 25 minute drive from HendersonWhen: 11:20 AM Why: Because they made exactly what a pizza purist wants. A tasty balanced pie, at a fair price. At Settebello I'll gladly pay 12 bucks for a Margherita. But, Novecento, cuts that bill in half when you factor in not having to tip your server. I applaud the effort of Chef Marc, bringing the people's food to the people. Keep if fast and affordable. Some iteration of this concept in every local neighborhood,would be preferable to the garbage put out by Big Pizza. The young lady cashier was also a delight, pleasant and quick. So come here if you know what Neapolitan pizza is, if you can spell Margherita, if you're hungry.Cons so minute they don't affect my enjoyment of the experience are as follows:Pepsi products. Pepsi tastes like Mexican dirt water. Both Coke and Pepsi are going to kill you, but the reason Coke costs more is because it tastes better. I had a water cup, but if I want liquid diabetes another visit I'd prefer a Coke. The ordering system might not be completely refined yet but that will be worked out in the long run. To the guy that thinks a scoop of gelato is expensive at three dollars, just stick with dollar menu soft serves.
5	Hallelujah! Finally, a real margherita pizza in Vegas! Fresh mozzarella, fresh toppings, great crust...if you like Pizza Hut or frozen "pizza" from a box, this place is NOT for you. If you have a palette and like homemade food and not McDonald's, try this place. Very reasonable prices too!
3	You take your own order, and wait in line and watch your pizza being made. They take fresh ingredients and you customize your own pizza.  Talk about having it your way.
5	Best pizza available in the NW/Centennial area.  The ambiance is still developing but the food is great.
5	So I tried this again recently and still feel the same love for this place.  We actually met the owner this time and was informed of a few things that I didnt know.  He has another restaurant "Parma" which if I would have read the reviews I would have known that.  This guy was super estatic, full of energy and so happy to thank people for being there.  Im sure if there was room he would have been doing cartwheels. lol  He explained to us that this was a dream of his....his face just so happy to have a full house.  Friday night, a line out the door and no one even cared to wait.  Again another great dinner and can't wait to come back again.
4	Came back to eat after not coming there for about a month.  Prices have gone up, portions have been streamlined.  Pizza still crazy good at 7.99 plus 1 buck each per topping, I ordered my usual beet salad to find portions have been seriously downsized.... 3 pieces of beet, a tablespoon of cheese, about 2 cups of vinegar and oil drowned the lettuce... Wont order again.. 2 meatballs are now 4.50, up from 3 bucks, didnt order but that is probably still a good deal unless they downsized the meatballs from baseballs to golf balls lol.  Staff very friendly and accomodating, will come back for pizza only
5	This is the second time I've been to this place and I am a huge fan the first time just went simple a couple of basil and Moz pizzas with extra toppings the dough has a crust but not tough and the smoky flavors come through. The sauce has a rich taste that blends with the cheese which really pisses me off because I have yet to find a cheese that works like chef Marc has.For the second visit we got the Roma it has (a lot more than I expected) pancetta , mozzarella, basil, parm, and unfortunately one egg cracked on top 2 at least would be better.  While eating this one I noticed the signs telling me to order your pizza uncut which would have been better for this one.  However dipping the crust in the yolk and pizza sauce left over was well awesome
5	I've got to say that the pizza here is fantastic.  I better go buy some larger clothes because I will be back and often.  I'm outta control.
5	Being a huge fan of Parma, I was so excited about the opening of novacento. We have been twice and on both occasions have left 100% satisfied. Excellent selection of fresh toppings, the spicy sauce is full of flavor. In my opinion this exactly what a pizza should be. Not a fan of the over hyped grimaldis, novacento kills it. If you haven't tried it, stop in and support another local business, and enjoy some delicious wood fired pizza.
4	Pretty cool little place. They make your little pizza and throw it in the oven, all the while you can watch through the glass dividers, so of course you have your face pressed up against it and slobber everywhere and hover over the chefs. Which is a plus! It's like subway, except not depressingly dissatisfying. The pizza is super delicious, and it's very quicky in and out, so perfect if you're in a hurry. The only thing I have to whine about it the price. I mean, the gelato is pretty freakin good, but not $3-a-scoop good. A fountain drink is $2.50, so it's best if you hover around for awhile and keep getting refills to get our money's worth.So if you're a hoverer and like to hover, this is the place for you! Get in your hovercraft and stop by this newish pizza place.
4	My best friend and I came here with my boyfriend to try it out after hearing so much about it. I'd heard about the Subway-like line up where you pick and choose what you want on your pizza, but I did not hear how expensive it was. To put it in perspective, it came out to 27$ for my boyfriend and I. Granted, it would have been five dollars cheaper if we had opted out of the drinks. A foam cup is 2.50$ and although you can get as much soda as you want (the fountains are available to everyone), you really need to (as Nicolette says) 'get your moneys' worth'. When you get to the front they have a pad of paper with the specialty pizzas and toppings that you check off (we had to ask for pens since someone had decided it was cool to steal them all) then you tell the people how many pies you want, and what you want on it. After you are done you go down the line to the register where you hand over your paper, and get any additional items.I had checked off olives at first, but then crossed it out....yet I was still charged a whole dollar for them. This is a major downside to this place: the price. You can get any specialty pie for around 8$, but if you so choose to veer from that with additional toppings, it will cost you a whole lot more. Yes, the pie is pretty decent in size for one person. No, it should not cost that much.Based on price alone we will not be frequenting this place, but perhaps coming for special occasions or when we really crave this type of pizza.
2	Service was good and friendly staff , But the pizza was underdone and not crispy at all even if it had burnt marks all over, considering the price and the size of pizza is  not what i was expecting , lived in italy for 15 years and never had a pizza like this so to call this authentic is a joke, not to mention the fact that it sat in my stomach all night , will not go again
5	The manager/owner is normally on site to welcome you, greet, seat and help you order. I love my Canoli. It was my 3rd time here but first time having a Canoli. Tis is our lunch spot!! Affordable and clean location. The employees are always vibrant and interactive with guest. I love it here,
5	When you walk into a place and the owner tells you what you will eat, you know its going to be good!  Delicious pizza, great salads, and AWESOME gelato.  Sometimes the line is a bit long, but soooooo worth it for that delicious pizza!
4	I really enjoyed the pizza here. The crust was outstanding. I'm giving it 4 stars because I feel they are a little pricey. I'll go back when I have a little more $$$ to spend! ;-)
4	Excellent  pizza and great atmosphere.  Best pizza I have had in the western USA.
4	It was our first time here today. I liked how you can see how they make your pizza. I was not feeling creative with my pizza today so we opted for their specialty pizzas to skip the build-you-own pizza process. We got a Bianco pizza and a smoked salmon pizza. They ran out of white pizza sauce so they had to make other people's pizzas before ours - it's a lazy Sunday so it was not a big deal. We got our fresh and hot pizza rather quickly.The smoked salmon pizza has smoked salmon, capers, red onions, olive oil and goat cheese.  It was like lox and bagels in pizza form. It was good.  The tanginess of the goat cheese balances the saltiness of the smoked salmon.The Bianco pizza was good too.  It has gorgonzola, pesto, white onions, mozzarella, arugula and truffle oil.  I just think it would be better if it had pine nuts to give it texture and additional flavor.I like their crust. It was crisp and was not boring at all.  We got a free cannoli with our Yelp check-in. It was good...actually, better since it was free!
5	Loved their freshly made pizza. They make it right in front of you with all the ingredients you want. I had the Margharita Pizza with ricotta and olive oil.  Food was awesome and I really liked their Yelp check in deal. I got free dessert with my pizza.  Will be coming back for more.
4	Went here is the family and friends and thought it was pretty good, although not as good as Settebello in Henderson.We tried the meatballs, which had a good flavor, but since they were frozen it really effected the texture of the meatball.  This made them really dense and it took away from the quality.  We also had the caprese salad, which was very good.  It came with large, thick slices of mozzarella and tomato, which were delicious.  I tried the cabarese pizza and my wife had the margarita pizza.  We both like out pizza's and thought they had a good fresh taste.  The ingredients were all quality and the preparation was simple, which they recommend keeping your pizza simple.  The only downside of our meal was that all of the pizzas seemed to be a little too soggy in the middle, but other than that everything was quite good.  To finish the meal we tried their canoli and these were also very good.  They are not very big, but two come in an order and they were a great way to finish the meal. We will definitely be going back.
4	This is by far my favorite pizza in town.  The crust is delicious and the ingredients are very fresh and tasty. It's a bit on the expensive side for pizza (if you get one just for yourself); however a pizza and a small salad is enough to split between two, making it fairly reasonable. Definitely recommend it.
4	Finally made it to Novecento!This is Chef Marc's pizza joint...the owner of Parma. They run Parma well, so we had high expectations here!  Glad to say, we weren't disappointed!   They run a Neapolitan Wood Buring oven! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/novecento-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=Tc0HOHaAqB_XyVjNVMy80w#Tc0HOHaAqB_XyVjNVMy80wPizza gets a nice crisp to the edges and crust. Pretty good pizza here!  Our Pizzas :Bianco : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/novecento-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=BMqtZEUbgjYqTsihjwsiog#BMqtZEUbgjYqTsihjwsiogFresh mozzarella, Pesto, Gorgonzola Cheese, Roasted Onions, topped with Arugula tossed in Truffle Oil. Good pizza! All the flavor was in the Arugula of course, so it's a good thing there was plenty to go around! Next time I will probably add a meat topping to it, although it isn't necessary.Smoked Salmon : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/novecento-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=nc82ptFCKFgu2uoQJZLISQ#nc82ptFCKFgu2uoQJZLISQCapers, Red Onions, Olive Oil and Goat Cheese. Just like lox and bagels lol. Cathy ordered this one and really liked it. The salmon had a nice taste, and the goat cheese wasn't too distracting, since I normally don't like it. Pretty good stuff!And with Yelp check in, you get a free cannoli :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/novecento-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=PyW9hFh5U8TD6aXCBPboPAPretty good way to finish off a lunch date!
3	Pizza was decent, not amazing...called in our order, repeated my phone number 3 times, as we aren't from the area and my number is odd.  They said 20 minutes. We come in in 20 minutes, they tell me they are out of salmon as I ordered, and tried to call but wrote the number wrong. :(I said it 3 times! Then, they have to make our pizzas now, and they were going to make it wrong-red not white as requested....15 minutes later....pizza! Ready! Lets go to our hotel!Open pizza- not sliced----with? Boo! Not a repeat, here for 3 more weeks.
4	Finally drug my butt in this place the other day and so glad I did. First thing, beware the fan blowing on the wood as you stand in line, it will surprise (goose ya) you as you work around in the line. Second, if it's a busy time be prepared to wait a little but it's ok, will be worth it.The pizzas are personal size and cooked to order in a wood fired oven so hot and evenly cooked. They have a few types of pizza styles you can pick from or they will build your own. My favorite was the calabrese. It comes with a spicy red sauce and a pepper mix. You can even wash it down with Peroni on tap..which is perfect for pizza.Whatever your choice, it will be good. Oh, and the people complaining their pizza to-go wasn't sliced..DUH! If you slice it before you get home all the juice seeps down. And they have slicers to send with you.
5	You know Chef Marc won't put his name on it if it isn't amazing! The pizza is great and the gelato is delicious. I'm glad I don't live within walking distance or I'd be twenty pounds heavier! The same high standard used at Chef Marc's sit down restaurant, Parma, has been used here. Both places will serve you high quality food with friendly service. Sometimes you'll even see Chef Marc there so you know he cares what his restaurants are putting out. You can't go wrong with Parma or Novecento!
5	Best. Pizza. Ever.Wood fired pizza is definitely better than the regular Dominoes or Papa Johns. You explain what real pizza is. I love watching the pizza being made. Not to mention the gelato. AWESOME! Marc. You had the best idea of making this restaurant. It will grow. Thank you for giving me a lifelong craving.
5	This place is outstanding. The pizzas are like no other.  I can't get back often enough - lunch, dinner or pick up.  A perfect spot.
4	Went in because wood fire pizza is my favorite and this place and great reviews. Went in around 3PM. It was pretty dead with only two tables filled. Was able to get the lunch special of one topping pizza. Small salad and a drink for 9.99. The pizza was great the flavoring was amazing. It could of been cooked longer. But was still great. I got the grilled beet salad. It was good. It was just that all the pieces where huge and I spent most my time trying to chop it up then eat it. I would defiantly go again. The staff was friendly as well!
4	Delish pizza! We ordered the Roma ( it has pancetta and an egg)  it was delicious and had a very nice crust. We also ordered the calabrese this one has spicy salami and spicy peppers also very good and awesome crust! Will def be back :)
5	Best pizza I've ever tasted! I have had it once a week since I discovered it! A bit pricey at that rate but worth it. I get the pesto instead of read sauce w/ mozzarella and basil. Love the thin crust and woodfire taste. Just YUM!
4	The only reason there is not five stars is that its a little confusing to order and hectic and the last time we were there the tables were not bussed.  The food is very good, novel idea and fresh ingredients,  I love that you can order and get a great pizza in a short period of time but they still need to work out some of the kinks and then it will be a really great place to go
5	Great Crust
4	Interesting concept and worth a try. I don't think ordering it to go would ever be an option since the pizzas start to get soggy by the time you are done eating them, but quality ingredients at an alright price.
3	The pizza was average my pizza for some reason was very wet on the bottom don't know if this is what they are going for.... I will most likely not go back, maybe give it a few months then try again.
5	We had a great experience- popped in on a whim last night. No line but they did tell us they were out of dough so it would be a 25  minute wait. We were ok with that (and the free wine didn't hurt either).Ordered a Bianca, a Roma and a Margarita- all were stellar, as was the arugula salad. We checked in and got the free cannoli. Ordered a bottle of wine (they were out of red- so we tried the white) I even splurged and ended the night with a gelato- YUM!While we enjoyed our salad and waited on the pizza we could watch the employees practice tossing pizza and have a good time. Music and atmosphere were nice and the place seemed clean to me.There are a few quirks and kinks to work out (how much dough and wine to order) but that is every new place as they build their numbers. It will only improve!
5	Man oh man is this place ever good!! We've made three visits now and the pizza and salads have just been exceptional each time. Great service and there is something really special about the ambience. The first time we came in, there were not one but two young ladies behind the counter with bouffant hairdos and intense winged eyeliner...and then the mix of 70's music, big band stuff and Italian pop playing in the background just sends it over the edge for me:)I highly recommend the Roma pizza with extra garlic, but you can hardly go wrong picking your own toppings. (Don't be too skeptical of the cracked egg on top- it's yummy!!)Kid-friendly but would also be a super date night with the wine bar, gelato station and the yummy cannolis and cappuccinos to round out your evening.PS Very impressed on our second visit as the manager gave us one extra cappuccino for free (the first was free with a yelp check-in) and then came over to the table to see how we were doing, chat about the pizza and personally clear away dishes. Super nice!
5	The best pizza I have had since my trip to Italy. We found this place a couple of weeks ago an have been back 4 times since then!
5	Fantasmic!  Superbilicious!  Yumsters!Last weekend I was home alone and we were showing our home which is up for sale.  I couldn't make something because we have to keep our house looking like no one lives here.  I didn't want to leave (because we have two dogs) and it was too hot (when is it not?) to leave them in the car while I picked up dinner somewhere.  So I started Googling and stumbled upon Novecento.  First I will say, I'm picky about eating out.  I'm even pickier about pizza and almost never eat salads at restaurants.  We're real food lovers and eating out can be tricky, eating pizza and salad dressing with fresh, real food ingredients, from restaurants is nearly impossible.  Novecento caught my eye because of their claim to using farmer's market selections, fresh ingredients and house-made dressing.  I took the leap and ordered for delivery.I ordered a pizza with spicy marinara, house sausage, ricotta and roasted onions and a small chopped salad.  The food was delivered within 30 minutes - the pizza was hot and the salad was fresh.  The delivery guy also gave me an awesome pizza slicer!   I ate the entire salad, which by no means was small and two pieces of my pizza and I was stuffed.  The pizza (which I was under the impression was an individual pizza) is huge - easily could be shared by two people if you order a salad to go with it.  All of it was delicious!I took my husband to eat at Novecento last night and I fell even more in love with this awesome pizzeria.  The people that work there are awesome.  You get to watch them make your pizza.  You get a free cannoli with a Yelp check-in!  And you can get a generous glass of Italian house wine for FOUR BUCKS.  I loved it.  My husband loved it.  We are Novecento Pizzeria lovers and we will be back.
4	I'm so glad we found this amazing pizza place so close to home! Wood fire pizza, made fresh to order, what more could you want?? You walk into the restaurant and they immediately pull out a ball of fresh pizza dough and toss it when you order it. I would say one pizza would be enough to share between two pizza if you also get a salad, but maybe you can scarf down one pizza for yourself if you're very hungry. The ingredients are piled on to order and their sauce is delicious as well. You can customize the pizza how you want, or you can order one of their specialty pizzas on the menu. Either way you can't go wrong. And boy oh boy, the crust is amazing! Very thin and crispy from the wood fire oven... so comforting. I also recommend the chopped salad- perfectly dressed and it was perfect to go on the side of a pizza. The small size was enough for two people to share. And check in on yelp and you can earn yourself and free cappuccino or a cannoli- the cannoli was so good!! Perfect way to end the meal. You will definitely see me as a regular at this joint.
5	Really excellent pizza. My wife and I stopped in and really enjoyed the food.
5	The gluten free pizza and the salads are delicious.
4	Not bad for a pizza that cooks in 90 seconds but its not awesome either. I'd come back if I were on this side of town again for a quick bite.
5	Chef Marc and his crew deliver again and ALMOST give me a reason to drive across town for pizza. Novecento is delicious, clean, and affordable. And perhaps, they have the BEST lunch special I have ever encountered because of the quality and price. For $9.99 you get a one-topping pizza, small salad, and fountain drink. The pizza was nicely cooked inside a 900 degree oven and came out chewy, crispy (in the right areas) and flavorful. However, if you get a premium topping it's gonna cost you about $2.00. Which is a bit expensive to me, especially if it's just diced chicken. Whatever, the pizza was huge and only finished half. The arugula salad came large and assertive; dressed in balsamic, olives, roasted mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano. My meal ended with a nice canolli with mini chocolate chips. Can I get an amen?   The only mishap was the late arrival of my salad. But the girl sincerely apologized and with the speed of light, she made my salad like a champ. While chowing down like pigs, the music was on throwback mode. The Temptations, the Supremes, and Jackson 5 filled the restaurant. I thought it was beautiful and set the mood absolutely right. Additionally, they have gelato, wine, and beers if you care to indulge. Fuck Subway and Teriyaki Time, come here.
5	So good totally worth the longest 10 mile drive wish I had more room in my tummy for the pizza blanco oh well next year! Friendly service wish they'd open in California Bay Area location please I beg you!
4	If you're ever in the Centennial area, you know what I mean when I say that there's a ton of restaurants all in a 1 mile radius here.  In fact, there's really no need to ever leave the shopping center if you're hungry. But here's the issue, most of the restaurants are franchise or corporate owned.  So, it's obvious that I was pleased that Chef Marc's Novecento Pizzeria opened out here.  Less than a year since they opened, I finally got a chance to eat here. I am a pizza fan, but don't get the opportunity too often. So when a lunch with a bunch of Yelp friends at Novecento came up, we weren't passing on it.We didn't partake in the $25 all you can Yelp eat. We ended up sharing a pizza and side of meatballs. Lets start with the meatballs. This was a meal in itself.  A lot of peeps rave about their homemade sauce, but for me it's all about the meatball. No fillers here. Each meatball is packed with flavor and protein.  You can actually get full from a couple of these bad boys.  As for the pizza, we shared their Margherita, which you can consider as a guiltless type pizza. Not much on it, except for pure taste of Naples. Taste, texture, and portions are more than enough. Now here's the bonus, half the pizza is only about 370 calories. This means zero guilt when I ate my half of this pie.I'm a fan of a great tasting, authentic as it gets, pizza. Novecento definitely did not disappoint.  Novecento also offers a bunch of other pizzas and if you can't decide on which, then opt for the build-your-own.  When I'm in the mood for some good pie, I know where to go when I'm in the Centennial area.  Novecento, you rock!Margherita Pizza:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IQFOd8_iKT4Gt5DUML0OLw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQMargherita Pizza (Nutritional Value):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQMeatballs:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6bu7cj-ZAnL-bSvQPw18Ww&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
1	Everything looked great, but the execution lacked.  I think it may come down to having too much water in the cheese. Despite the pizza's bottom being perfectly blackened, our pizzas were both sloppy messes that could not even be picked up without falling apart.
4	Chef Marc's pizza place is delish! I love love love the pizza. The food tastes like real food! Get the spicy sauce. This is REAL pizza not the cheese and grease overload of most chains.
3	I am such a fan of Chef Marc's Parma Deli, that maybe my expectations were too high.  First of all, everyone working here was so pleasant and helpful, which is nice for first timers who don't know how to navigate what is essentially a self service place.  I share the criticism of some other reviewers that the pizza crust was soggy.  We did eat some of our delicious chopped salad first, so maybe that's the problem?  The pizza comes out of the oven so quickly that we just weren't ready for it, and it sat on the table for a few minutes.  To avoid this, you may want to skip a salad course, or maybe ask them to delay baking your pizza?  The pizza was good enough that I will take my own advice, and try again.
4	The crust of the pizzas is very flavorful and the large salad is a LARGE only finish half of it
3	I've been following Chef Mark's restaurants since he opened his eponyously named spot of West Lake Mead.  I've learned that you can always count on the ingredients to be some of the very best.  It's been the case in every place he's opened...and it's consistent at Novecento.  We had a great pizza (although the style is different than most and that takes a little getting used to, but just a little 'cause it's so good).  and our salad was excellent as well...again, great ingredients.I wouldhave probably given it four and a half stars, except the staff was just kind of distant.  don't get me wrong, I hate overy friendly waitstaff...but I also don't like standing face to face with the kid who's making my pizza and being made to feel like I'm invisible while he chats with his co-workers, only to occasionally look up and say to me "basil?"  It was the case all the way down the line, including the cashier, who half way through our transaction just wandered away for a few seconds.  Even with a 900 degree oven behind them, it wasn't the warmest atmosphere.  Again, I don't expect to be entertained, but how about a little chatter with the clinetelle...maybe a discussion of the different style of pizza...or at least an acknowledgment that we're standing there watching.I offer this suggestion only because I want to go back, and will...and hope that next visit the atmosphere and service match the excellent food.
5	I am beginning to think that Chef Marc can do no wrong. A large group of us came for lunch for Nelson's  UYE and everything chef brought out was simply superb. His salads a fresh and bright. The pizzas had a nice crisp crust and uses only the freshest and finest of ingredients. The roasted and charred bell peppers make for a great topping. I could eat mountains of them. In fact, toss them with the sauteed mushrooms and I am a happy camper. The gelato are to die for. Add a shot of espresso to make an affocato and you will be in heaven. The best part is that chef will be expanding and moving to the Southeast. Located in the shopping plaza with Red Mango on Eastern. I might never need to leave this area again. Just kidding, unless Chef Marc wants to open a Parma over here as well.
5	Whenever you're in need of some fresh and cheesy ingredients in a pizza this is a great place to go, I loved the sauce and could really taste the fresh basil (I'm a Pineapple pizza person so my pizza only tasted even more amazing lol) but I also bought 3 other pizzas,(both of which had meatballs and I must say great tasting as well) for 4 two topping pizzas I spent $38 bucks. Not Bad! Next time I come in I have to get some gelato! Bravo Chef!
4	Not a big fan of pizza but this place is super yummy. The first time I came in with my family I was kind of confused how to order. The set up is kind of weird & the employee behind the counter was like "it's like ordering at Subway". Didnt really help much since my parents have never been to Subway. Anyways, we finally ordered the Margherita pizza with mushrooms, spinach & Italian sausage. Tasted great!
5	Really good pizza,  reasonably priced, fast,  great customer service.   What more could you ask for in a restaurant
5	I want to give Novecento 6 stars because of the ricotta. Mmmm, creamy ricotta on pizza with sundried tomatoes... its like a dream. This place has the best ricotta I have ever tasted. It was perfectly creamy and light, like a ricotta-flavored cloud. I could eat it by the spoonful. For apps we tried the arugula salad, meatballs, and burrata. Burrata cheese is my favorite cheese, so I was very excited to try it. It was good, however, was served cold and I would have preferred it to be closer to room temperature. Burrata is an oozy, gooey cheese, so the colder it is, the less it oozes. Didn't stop me from enjoying it though! The arugula salad was very delicious; great blend of flavors, good portion, perfectly dressed. If I actually had to pick only one appetizer from the three we ordered, I'd probably order that again. The meatballs were also very good, but I wouldn't say memorable. For pizza we enjoyed the Roma, Smoked Salmon, and made our own with Margherita sauce, ricotta and sundried tomatoes. All were good - the Roma was more popular at the table, and I'm guessing it is because it tastes more "traditional" in terms of what you think of when you think pizza (i.e. tomato sauce). I enjoyed the smoked salmon pizza very much, but it definitely is more for individuals who are seeking out that type of flavor. The best pizza we had all night was our build-your-own pizza, and again - the ricotta stole the show. It was DELICIOUS. Omg I'm drooling just thinking of it. Pizza was cooked perfectly - they advertise 90 seconds, and that is true, however because they only put a few pizzas in the oven at once, of course it takes longer than just 2 minutes to get your pie. That's fine. It doesn't take any longer than 5 minutes. Crust had great flavor and was nice and chewy and had those yummy crust bubbles that are so fun to eat. Afterwards we enjoyed some gelato. I haven't eaten enough gelato in my life to know what constitutes good gelato, but the gelato tasted great to me. They will let you try a taste of any flavor before you settle on which one to actually get. Prices are reasonable for both pizza and desserts, and it is a fun place to go eat overall because of the style of the restaurant. It is Subway-like in the way that you order your pizza and choose the toppings, and it is neat to be able to watch it cooking away in their wood-burning stone oven. I'll definitely be back here. Tastes authentic and delicious, and its a fun place for a casual date or a family dinner. And if you only take one thing from this review, it should be: GET THE RICOTTA!!!! =)
2	Do I eat the pizza with a spoon or straw? After seeing many amazing reviews, The Fam and I thought we would give this place a go. Boy, what a let down! I was uber excited to have a "true pizza" place in the NW part of Vegas. After finally trying it, I will continue to drive completely across town to a true pizza place. The Cons:*if you are a first timer to the restaurant be prepared to be confused on the ordering process and to not receive much help trying to get clarification. *The two pizza's The Fam and I experienced were soggy beyond belief. It was almost pizza soup. *While we were trying to drink our dinner, we happened to spill a glass of water on the table. When I attempted to find someone to assist or even just a towel it became an impossible task. * The fresh mozzarella didn't have much flavor, but this could also be because we don't get very much on either pizza.*When we asked for more cheese they busted out the Sysco shredded cheese.*last but not least ... they have Pepsi products. I don't hold this one against them too much, but I am a Coca-Cola girl. The Pros:*The food is ready in a matter of minutes.*The actual flavor of the cooked parts of the crust and most toppings was good.*The atmosphere is nice.*The cashier was friendly.
2	This place is ok.  Not spectacular, nothing to write home about, nothing worth making a special trip.  If you are in the area and craving pizza, it's worth a try.We placed a take out order.  The phone ordering process was quick, and we were told only 5-10 minutes for 2 pizzas and a caprese salad; very impressive.  We viewed the menu online before ordering, and we didn't find anything even remotely confusing about the process.The food was hot and ready upon arrival.  The caprese salad was just ok - doused in way too much oil and vinegar for my taste.  The mozzarella tasted bland, almost as if it were from the refrigerator section of the grocery store.  The pizzas were also just ok.  The sauce was much too runny for our taste, and it created a soggy mess.  Everything works in theory, but the execution just seemed all wrong.I think the idea is great, but there are quality and ingredient issues that need to be worked out.  Take some guidance from Settebello; they have everything right!
4	I have been to Novecento 4-5 times. And it will continue to be my "go-to" pizzeria.My first visit did not make me an immediate fan. I ordered a pizza with spicy tomato sauce, fresh mozz., and mushrooms. It was OK, but I did not think I would be back. I ate there, my pizza was cut (they do not cut to go pizzas), and I thought it was a little soggy in the middle. I have to admit, I was confused about what to order at my first visit. The pizza maker welcomed me from behind the counter, asked if I had been there before, and noted all pizzas were one size and he suggested the margerhita (tomato, fresh mozz with basil). That type was not my favorite so, under the gun (no one else in line but pizza maker waiting), did the mushroom. I did not get the grated parm and basil which he asked if I wanted.I did go back about 6 weeks later. I am a huge fan now and go every couple of weeks. I ordered the Roma (fresh mozz, prosciutto, 2 brown eggs in middle, with electives of spicy tomato sauces, fresh basil and grated parm, and salt and pepper). Of the times I have ordered it, I ate that first time in house, and it was heavenly tasting. A few other times, have gotten it to go (uncut), still excellent when I got home 10-15 mins. later.I get that other reviewers say it may be soggy towards middle of pizza. I do think it has to do with the thinness and consistency of the crust but, I think it goes well with the crustier and chewyier edges.
5	Thought we would try something new and man was it good!
3	I have been here twice, and I definitely want to try it a couple of more times. I heard about Novecento at a Weight Watchers meeting of all places. We decided to try it for a friend's birthday. We all ordered different things so we could taste everything. I believe we had a Bianco pizza, pepperoni pizza, eggplant parm, and some other pizza with salad on the top. The Bianco pizza was by far the best in my initial taste test. On a second trip I had the Margherita pizza, which was pretty bland. The dough was undercooked and slightly burnt. Probably because it cooks in 90 seconds at 900 degrees. As stated, I do want to try this place again. I am a big fan of Italian, so we'll see.
4	Good Traditional Pizza, baked in a brick oven.  They assemble the pizza in front of you as you walk down a line.  It sure feels more healthy and fresh than any other pizza you get from a delivery place.  Even the basic pizzas are delicious.
1	Wow! received the below unprofessional message from the owner today. This truly changes the original review of my visit to the restaurant. I know I will not be giving this crappy place a second chance. Stay classy Marcus, stay classy. "Really Cassandra,,We specialize in wet doug or soft dough pizza from naples italy, i trained at Da Michele pizzeria that was in the Julia Roberts movie eat, love, ?????Anyway we do it exactly like in Italy.The poor guy at the mentioned pizzeria in Henderson told me everyone complained the same as you when he opened but he had to start cutting pizzas and telling everybody about the dough.Glad you like his pizza nice guy, we are trying to do something different in nw and do it for low low prices.Do oeople really have to get on yelp and talk negatively about a young business that is trying so hard. Really! Do you feel good about trying to cut down a lical tax paying farm to table place tbat employs the sons and daughters of your neigjbors.See the video on YouTube Da Michele pizzeria AND YOU WILL KNOW WHAT WE ARE DOING.And no pizzeria lets you tell them extra wet cheese and then complaints its soggy??Have some fun when your out enjoy local places.Save your bad comments for lousy teachers and corrupt officials.Thanks"
5	Parents finally ordered pizza twice in recent weeks and we have to say, it's the best pizza we've had in this town!  The service has improved greatly, too.  So if you want really great pizza, try this place!
1	I cannot believe the following message that I received from the owner of this place.  Here is the yelp message word for word:"Heard you were in my pizzeria.We politely ask you not to ask for xtra wet ingredients as this will make the pizza soggy because it is a true wet dough pizza.We trained in naples Italy not California like the above mentioned.We like to tell our customers to watch youtube videos of Da Michele pizzeria.Then they know what we are doing and thank god for the thousands of customers we have each week that appreciate the freshness and quality that we bring at such a low low price.Thanks for trying us but you seem to like the americanized version better."First of all, it's obvious that Mr. Classy lacks basic reading comprehension because most of his message doesn't even fit with my review.  For example, he politely (lol, politely, sure) asks me not to ask for extra wet ingredients, notwithstanding the fact that all my pizza had was sauce and cheese.  Notice he doesn't say anything about my remarks regarding disgusting mozzarella and too much oil.  I'm sure that's authentic Napoli style, riiiiight.  I stand by my review (which wasn't mean-spirited in the least!), and it's a shame that this business owner lacks the class and decency to actually take feedback from customers and do something constructive.  Instead, he decides to send a private message acting like I am the one with an issue.  Seriously?  Someone has his undies in a bunch and seems upset with the fact that SETTEBELLO is far superior.  Here's a hint: If you want your business to thrive, then you might actually focus on making peoples' experiences more positive, rather than just insulting them.  Geez!
5	1)This is one of the MUST go when you stop by Las Vegas.2)The pizza here is top notch. Authentic Naples pizza. Period. I went to Naples 5 times during these 10 years and I always stop by Da Michele. Now I have to stop by Novecento when I am in Vegas.3)There are some magic going on between the dough and chef's special 900 degree oven. If you come for the 1st time, let the chef pick for you. Simple is good, believe me.4)Their salads and espressos are decent. Chef simply bring the whole Naples Pizzeria culture to Vegas. Way to go!5)I always admire chefs who bring authenticity to their cuisine. This is FINE ARTS. This is how cooking should be.
4	This place nails it on the head as far as authentic!! I just wish they would stick to their guns and STOP CUTTING THE PIZZA. When you cut a thin crust the juice from the sauce and the cheese make the crust soggy and it really ruins the experience and the taste. After spending many summers in Italy and enjoying pizza frequently at Leone Rosso in Sorrento walking into Marc's place brings back wonderful memories. The food, the atmosphere, the decor. It really is spot on. Keep your pizza simple. Best options are already on the menu for you. Don't get fancy. The more simple the better. If you want cheesy, meaty, thick, greasy crap do not come here. Beet salad... DELISH!!! Add some arugula to your pizza and be wowed! And try and enjoy the experience of waiting in line to order and stuff. It's different and a fun experience for the kids.
4	I am a Huge FAN of this place. You only need 3 toppings. For best results Dine in. If its Friday get there early. Definitely one of the frequent places I visit. Enjoy
5	Best pizza in town.  Bar none.  Killer fresh salads.  Worth the trip from hendertucky
2	We have been there many times in the past, however last nites experience was certainly not what we expected.   1.  We waited almost 30 minutes for our pizza order to be taken as the priority was to fill "take out" orders before helping all the customers in line.  We noticed customers leave due to the long delay.2.  Forget to make our salad and had to wait while it was requested to be made again.3.  Pizza was burnt around the edges (more than normally) and soggy in the middle, even though it is the same pizza we have ordered in the past.4.  Noticed at least 2 individuals returning their pizza for the same reasons5.  The manager was busy talking with a couple for at least 15 minutes without providing assistance needed to take orders and process pizzas.6.  Tables did not seem to be cleared off in a timely manner.Again, we have been there at least 6 times prior and never encountered these problems.  It may have been a one off, however the couple sitting next to us indicated they would not return as it was their first experience.We will try it once again and should we encounter similar issues, it will be our last.
5	Lived in Italy for years and this place is legit.  Eat it there if you can but to go works if you must.  They have solid Chiantis and Peroni as well for the full experience.  Lickedty split service too--pizza is done in 90 seconds!  Min ingredients so you don't feel like a bloated food preserver.  All in all it's the best pizza I've had in Vegas and top 5 in the states.  2 Amy's in DC is still tops in my book.
1	D- And that is charitable.  It took 20 minutes standing in line to order 2 pies and a salad.  We understood their recommendation of limiting the number of topping so we ordered their house specialties---Bianco and Margherita pizza and their house special Antipasto.  Antipasto was a combination of pizza toppings including 1/8 inch diced ham on a bed of undressed lettuce.  It was so poor we left 80% of the salad and had no desire to take it home with us.  We thought it was our fault for ordering antipasto at a pizzeria.Pizza was finally ready after another 20 minutes and the Bianco was ok, middle of the pie slightly underdone but edible.  The Margherita was raw and the crust was black, not from being overcooked but from being cooked in a filthy oven.  We nicely asked for a remake (actually saw 3 pies returned while we were there) and waited another 20 minutes only to find they had not even started our order. We actually saw the owner (or owners wife) chatting to guests while the dining room was littered with dirty tables and the kitchen seemed a disaster.  Then she just left---Las Vegas restaurant management at its finest.  We asked for a refund on the Margherita and followed her out the door.  Here is the really sad part, they weren't even busy.
2	I was looking forward to going here, I had heard good things about it.  It did have really fresh ingredients and probably some of the best olives I've ever had on pizza.  Unfortunately, my pizza left much to be desired.  The dough was raw for about 2/3s of the pizza.  The only dough that was fully cooked was the crust.  It didn't get much better when I brought the rest home and finished cooking in the oven.  For the price of two pizza's, I would hope they could get the crust correct.  Not sure I'll ever go back.
5	Have been here several times and the pizza is  the best In Vegas and as close to Naples' Da Michelle as I've had.  The salads and cannoli are great as well.
5	Came here on a whim, by pure accident... bc my family wanted pizza. We weren't disappointed. This place is great!! The prices aren't half bad for the quality. It's not your run-of-the-mill Domino's type of place. It's made to order right in front of you. It's a relaxed place with plenty of dining space, good for families with kids or a group of teens, and it fed our family for less than $20. We'll def be back... Yum.
4	Our first time for lunch.  They were located on Centennial Center Blvd/Ann Rd in Las Vegas.I ordered the Margherita Pizza ($7.99) with Spicy Salame and Ricotta Cheese.  It cost $1 for each additional topping, but with liking Facebook I got one topping free.  The pizza was cut.  The crust was soggy in the center, but the bones were slightly charred, soft and chewy.My friend ordered the Lunch Special for $12.99 which included a small salad and a drink. She ordered the Bianco Pizza and a Beet Salad.  The salad was enough for 2-3 people to share.  There were large chunks of beets, small cubes and crumbles of Gorgonzola, butter lettuce with red wine vinegar dressing.We only ate half of each pizza.  We could have shared one Lunch Special.  There were small pizza boxes and styrofoam boxes in the corner near the drink machine.We will be back.
2	I just got back from a trip to San Clemente where I had the best pizza in my life, and was looking for something similar, probably not a fair setup, huh? At any rate, I was less than impressed, I don't like the way their pizzas are gooey in the middle, regardless of what the signage in the store says about it being authentic that way. I don't enjoy, (and my kids really really don't) the burnt bits on the crust. They're all over the bottom, not just on the edges. And the gelato was grainy. Gelato should be crazy smooth, right? Theirs isn't. Sorry, it just wasn't my jam. But! If you're ever in San Clemente, be sure you go to Brick.
4	I have eaten pizza in Napoli many times.This is very close.I can't imagine waiting 30 minutes, I have never waited more than 5 or so for a couple of pizzas.Really it is just like the pizza in Napoli!  Great stuff!
3	We've been to Novecento a few times now.  We love how quickly the brick oven cooks and chars the pizza which always results in a delicious meal.That said, EVERY time we've been there the service has been mediocre at best. There is always mass confusion between all the employees, even when we've seen the owner (or perhaps manager?) working the line or the pizza oven as well. When were were there last, he was visibly stressed and short-tempered with this employees. He seems like a nice guy so it was a shame that the customers had to observe him like this.The left hand is definitely not talking to the right at this restaurant. The cashiers are confused as to whose orders are whose which leaves a long line of customers telling them "That's my order!" or "Wait, that's mine!"  During all of this, the take-out orders continued to get mixed up with in-house orders. We saw customers finally just get frustrated and walk out.It's like watching a train wreck. You don't want to watch but you can't look away from the carnage. There is definitely something missing in terms of efficiency here. I hope they figure out what it is to make the food service/cashier part run much more smoothly. It'd be a shame to see it go out of business since their food is excellent.
5	The sound of wood cooked pizza just sounded intriguing, and yes it was worth it. Our pizza was our own and it tasted very good. It is a real interesting way of cooking it too. I really liked how they can be individualized, similar to a pizza subway place. We shall return!
2	Pizza was just OK. I thought it was too burnt for my taste and the bottom of the pizza was watery/soggy. I liked that they used fresh mozzarella cheese though. The egg plant parmesan tasted like it was made earlier that day or earlier and just heated up in the microwave when ordered. The young adults working were very friendly, but the customers seemed confused as to how to order and the line was moving very slowly.
5	So i am in the mood for pizza yesterday and decided to check out Novecento it was on the way home from work.  The setup is creative its fast, simple and it works.  I ordered the Margherita pizza with spicy sauce, basil, mozzarella and garlic olive oil with a small chopped salad.  Then Marc explained  to me why its cooked this way and how to eat it.  It brought me back to Italy.  DELISH!!  So anyone who's been to Parma knows that Chef Marc is the real deal.  I went to get a pizza and left with a little piece of Italy. My new pizza spot in Vegas go check it out.
4	After looking on Yelp for a non chain restaurant, I found this place with pretty good reviews. The pizza was delicious, the service friendly and the restaurant clean. The line to order was long and moved slowly. I think we waited at least 20 minutes to order. The instructions on the wall are no longer relevant to the ordering process but we figured it out. I will definitely go again.
4	Novecento was recommended by a friend and to be honest, it is the closest to Italy pizza that I've had in Las Vegas. (Yes, I spent some years living in Italy and can speak to its pizza.) On my first visit, I think that I offended the pizza maker by saying, "Oh, it's like SUbway, but not." Really, it is the same concept, you pick your crust, add your toppings and they cook the pizza in 90 seconds. I am a BIG fan of the white pizza and margarita. I gave it four stars beacuse it is very self-serve, but that also saves you from potential bad service. I've always been satisfied with the service. I did order a glass of white wine once and it was awful. I am not sure if it was old, or what kind of white it was, but it was almost undrinkable.
2	Our first time ordering will be our last. One  pizza looked nothing like the other photos on yelp. It was supposed to have basil, there was none. It was supposed to be amazing, it was not. The only resemblence to a margarita pizza was the name. It was watered down sauce, a crust that we had to gnaw on to get a bite and cheese that was a mass in the center. Our other pizza looked better, chunks of sausage kept the cheese in place as it baked. We were hopeful for a new dining experience but will choose other establishments in the future.
4	Novecento has amazingly fresh pizza that they make right in front of you!  Love coming for delicious pizza and cannoli's!
5	Ordered two pizzas on a Saturday night.  Wonderful, exquisite. Best pizza ever!Staff friendly, knowledgeable and superior service.
4	Every time I go to you guys you're always so nice,  the food is amazing and how fresh the pizza is BUT ALWAYS get the Cannolis! By my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! No one cant beat the taste of this Italy Joint! Thanks guys! :]
5	Very good pizza and salad. Looking forward to having a pizza at dinner time to see how the flavor is after a full day of heat in the oven...
5	Best pizza in vegas.  Reminds me of being in Italy.  The wood burning oven is the key.
2	One word: YUCK! What the heck is going on here? How did this place get so many good reviews? Finally tried this place last night with my husband. Waited in line forever, ordered one of the specialty pizzas (the Naples) and the "novecento" still got it wrong! When we got our pizzas, which was actually pretty quick, they were swimming in water & the thick slices of buffalo mozzarella were like rubber. Gross! The people next to us had an amazing looking cannoli, so we decided to try dessert... What we got looked nothing like theirs & tasted like flavorless goo speckled with chocolate chips. I don't know what else to say, I've had better pizza at Chuck E Cheese's on Lake Mead & they were on the Dirty Dining list!
5	My wife and I have eaten at Novecento on multiple occasions and have been very happy with our experience each time. Chef Marc's "Parma" restaurant is a favorite of ours and we made his Wednesday night pizza service a regular event, so we were thrilled when Novecento opened.   We are big fans of the standard Margarita Pizza and Novecento does them quite well. The crusts are always nicely charred with that great "leopard spot" that lets you know the oven did its thing. The sauce is sweet and applied as to not make the pie soggy because there is nothing worse than limp crust. The fresh basil and buffalo mozzarella complete a wonderful package.   I've never been big on cannolis but the ones Novecento serves will turn a non-believer like me into a cannoli convert. Light, crisp pastry tube filled with creamy whipped mascarpone cheese and a generous amount of chocolate chips that will put a smile on your face. A glass of house red wine at $3 a glass is a perfect complement to both dinner and dessert.   The ordering process at Novecento was a bit cumbersome when they first opened but that has been streamlined and the process goes quite quickly now. The lack of table service helps keep the prices down and makes this spot a great value. The lack of wait staff doesn't mean that Novecento is like other short-order sit down type places. The restaurant is more upscale than most all other places in its price range. The atmosphere is comfortable and makes you want to take your time and savor your meal.  If you like great Napoletana style pizza, give Novecento a try. I bet you won't be disappointed.
5	This pizza is a little different than your usual choices of either, thin crust or deep dish. Meant to be torn apart, the crust is thin and chewy and has a great flavor to it. The pizza aren't drenched in sauce, just enough and the fresh mozzarella makes even a basic margarita pizza delicious. They have a great variety of toppings to choose from, I am partial to artichoke or black olive myself, but can't go wrong with pepperoni :) Takes only 90 sec to cook in the oven, so it's a pretty quick wait time. Everyone I have met here has been very friendly and seems excited to tell you about what makes their pizza special / unique. They also have delish gelato, pistachio is my fav! I will definitely be back to test out the salads. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy. Overall, love it and will be back for more.
5	Ba Ba Ba best pizza I've ever had!Walking in here had a nice calm atmosphere. Staff were very inviting and cheerful :) My date and I were 1st timers here. So the guy decided to explain everything very detailed and very enthusiastic. While he was describing everything I think I might've drooled a lil haha.. Chef Marc is genius pizza like subway style what lol it was entertaining having them create your pizza in front of your eyes. The ingredients all looked very fresh and surroundings were very clean A+ in my book. Well we decided on not just one pizza but two.1) white bianco cheese pizza, basil, grilled chicken, hot cherry peppers, ricotta (A++), and truffle oil 2) spicy red pizza, basil, xtra cheese, and meatballs (all beef ;) ) Not only was the pizza fresh, but the dough they used is specifically made for their special oven cooking at 900degrees my pizza was done in 2 minutes basically awesome!!! The dough was Italian style soooo DELICIOUS. Their ricotta was so creamy and fluffy ,it was awesome, it was like the whipped cream of all cheeses! So all in all I loved this pizza place! Their first impression got me hooked. This will be my one and only pizza place in Vegas for me from now on :) Oh btw Did I mention it's in the NW and down the street from me uh-oh.. At least my gym is next door lol
1	Not structured .... Employees complaining against each other .... Pizza not sliced .. ... Kitchen dirty just bad .
5	This was the best pizza my wife and I have ever tasted. Ordering is a little complicated, but the staff was very helpful so it wasn't an issue. It's different, but try it out because you will not be sorry. The only negative thing I can say is that there isn't one of these places in CA where we live. Tip: don't pike on the toppings and use the crust to soak up the juices and sauce.
4	Fantastic "vero napolitano" pizza.  A Salute to the original "Da Michele" in Naples, this is the real deal. We lucked out that Grimaldi's across the street was closed to "stoke" their oven for an hour, so we wandered in and were wonderfully surprised.For the uninitiated: EAT THIS PIZZA HERE, DON'T TAKE IT HOME! It is a real Neapolitan pie and is cooked quickly and is sort of "wet" which makes for lousy translation to going home- like french fries- never quite the same.Fewer toppings is also a better way to go- crust, sauce, everything is delicious. Salads looked fresh though we didn't sample.They do have beer and wine- the only neg. for us is that the look is a bit ordinary- nothing to tell you how "real" the place is. yum. Next best place for more prolonged sit down is Settebello, also very good.
1	My wife and I have been there twice and have never gotten to taste the food. After standing in a line that never moved we left after ten minutes both times. Other customers who had been waiting left also. It seemed that the employees almost didn't know or care that we were waiting. Strange way to service their customers. Also, no anchovie pizza offered?
3	Tonight was our first time coming here after hearing so much about it. First impression we had was how overwhelming it was, the lady that helped us really wasn't much help to walk us through what to do. The cashier was the complete opposite, she had a very welcoming smile. The pizza was amazing! Our favorite type! I was excited to see they had panchetta, Yummmm! I opted into the cannoli with my check in. I would not recommend it, it was missing flavor and the shell was missing something. Overall the pizza was worth all 5 stars, and we will be coming back!
4	I came here for a UYE months ago and yes I'm double dipping for reviews but this is a review for just Novecento since everything that was served was on the normal menu. Their pizzas are amazing and so are their salads. Put them all together talk about one of the better things I've eaten.  5 star easily for their pizzas and salads maybe even a 6th star if they had them. Order anything and everything you wont leave unsatisfied. They also have a good selection of gelato and other items, they were ok. The kitchen is open and so is the view of their wood burning pizza oven.  The one or two things I didn't care for was 1 the interior decor and feel of the restaurant. Pre-Yelp days I probably have walked in then out but that's me being picky. And 2 the way it seemed like the chef was talking down other pizza restaurants just because "they didn't go to Italy for training to cook pizza" personally I don't care about that, all I care for is excellent tasting pizza which they already have.Also for you Yelpers that are closer to Henderson there is a Novecento Pizzeria opening up. The sign is already up.  Located on South Eastern next to Republic Kitchen & Bar or in the same plaza as BJ's. LOL I'm slacking once again, they're already open. Both of their locations are no where near me so it won't be on my usual pizza spot rotations wish they were though.
4	I have eaten many a wood fired pizza and Novecento is Authentic Naples Style.Its a set up I have never seen before , where you order your pizza like at a cafateria. By the time you pay and sit at a table....your pizza arives. Because of the 900 degree oven your pizza cooks in about 2 mins max. I had the traditional Margarita with tomato, mozzerella, fresh basil and olive oil.It was delicious and you can eat a whole pizza yoursself. There are lots of toppings to choose from if you like alot of stuff on your pizza. They have beer and wine and soft drinks. They have salads and other items to choose from on the menu. I had a ceasar salad also that was very good. The owner has to be italian cause the food is very authentic Naples Style. I recommend it. I wish we had a Novecento in our town.
5	Delicious pizza every time! My pregnancy addiction!
5	We couldn't wait for Chef Marc owner of Parma to open his Novecento Pizzeria.  He using only the very best ingredients and the result is fantastic and surprisingly fast food.  Our favorite is to get a chop salad, order of meatballs and sauce, a glass of wine and enjoy a scoop of home made gelato for desert.  Such a treat.  Their Oven baked pizzas are out of this world!  I would suggest that less is more as far as toppings go because the flavor of the crust and sauce alone is superb.  Chef Marc is frequently there and when there is a game or fight on TV you can be sure it is playing live.  A great casual family place that you can go to, relax and let Chef Marc's team take care of the cooking and it won't break the bank.
5	Had the opportunity to check this place out this evening with the Las Vegas Pizza Posse and I have to say they earned a thumbs up. I loved the being able to watch them assemble my pizza, from hand tossing the dough, to the spooning on the sauce, to piling on the toppings. Take the pizza and toss in a small salad and it would make for a GRRREAT dinner for two. I went with the Chef Marc and I gotta say it was a tasty combination of flavors. Service wise most of the action takes place behind the counter, which explains the short wait times on orders. The staff actually seemed to like what they were doing, which shows in the quality of the end product. They do offer beer on draft as well as bottled, wine and of course soda (self serve). I always ask myself would I feel good about recommending a place to friends and family, and I have to say heck yeah I'd definitely recommend this place. If your looking for some delicious, hot and fresh Neapolitan style pizza, and you like the idea of being able to watch them assemble your pizza, you have to check this place out.
1	Oh man. I made sure to come back long after my last review. My boyfriend even tried it without me and said that his pizza was good that time. So we come for a later dinner and I hoped the pizza was great. I wanted to try the smoked salmon pizza and the girl at the counter was stumped at what went on it so she went to ask others. They debated if it had sauce or not. It said it had mozzarella, aioli, etc etc that I read off the menu to them and said I just want what was on the menu. They started talking amongst themselves didn't hear me and then put red sauce on the pizza. Red sauce and smoked salmon doesnt make sense to me and I didn't want it and said that didn't seem right, but they insisted it does....even though they didn't know what was the toppings on it just earlier. They still seemed confused about the pizza so I said "Can we just get the calabrese pizza instead?".  They did know that one so I just rolled with it. There are less than 10 specialty pizzas or make your own creation....I would assume being a pizza maker you would know what goes on the pizzas. We ordered also their chopped salad, as that salad is pretty delish. I definitely love that salad and how you can get a little bit of everything in each bite. The pizza comes and it's definitely soggy and watery. You can see the pool of it in the picture. It was getting closer to closing and they were cleaning up a bit so I debated if I should return it or not. I tried a bit of my piece and decided it was too soggy to deal with. I walked up and showed them and apologized they were cleaning and getting ready to go home, but it just wasn't okay. The guy was nice enough about it and said it was no problem.They refired it and it was better. It was not as good as the BFs last pizza according to him. I suspect it was fired up by that one guy who used to make the pizzas at Parma and our pizza was made by newbies.There's a yelp check in for a free cannoli with a pizza purchase. I was distracted so I didnt redeem that, but make sure to check in if you come. I don't know how to feel. I WANT to like this place is the trouble. It's Chef Marc, it's VPN style pizza, it's by my house and I really like that salad. It's getting good reviews now, some of my friends like it too. It seems WHO makes your pizza makes a difference....they come when Chef is here. It's hard for me to ever come back after this. It must be really inconsistent quality. It makes me sad to not feel zesty pizza redemption the second time around. I don't get the hype.
4	Delicious delicious delicious! But something needs to be done with the staffing of this place. It's a fluster cluck of who does who who does what what does what nobody does what. Will I return? Heck yeah, the pizza was delicious.
5	OK, so I could be really picky about this place & complain that it doesn't meet the standards of true Napolian pizza (I have eaten pizza there in Naples), but I won't. For what it is, this is very good pizza, especially given how difficult it must be to find authentic ingredients in the US. For Las Vegas (I've never been impressed with the food here), it's GREAT pizza. So go, enjoy, just don't expect 100% authenticity... and don't read any further. Try the tiramisu for dessert. This is all 99.9% of you need to know. If you wanted to pick it apart... the bufala mozzarella isn't true bufalina mozzarella. The taste won't be nearly as strong as the real thing. Secondly, I'm not exactly sure what's up with the crust under the toppings, but perhaps the oven is too hot. The dough has a great flavor & texture in the areas where is was cooked, but under the toppings the crust on my pizza came out a bit doughy. Oh, & no, I didn't deviate from the Naples (the closest thing available on their menu to an authentic Margherita) by anything other than adding black olives, so this wasn't due to too many toppings. I recommend the spicy sauce. Otherwise, it's pretty good... the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas. Enjoy.
4	I have been here twice and both times had great pizza! I love the simple ingredients and the crust was a great texture. It is exactly 90 seconds in the 900 degree oven, so if you want it less "wet" in the center you can ask for it to stay in longer. Salads are fresh and aromatic. Great place for families.
4	Really great pizza at a great price! I love that you can customize the pizza how you want it. The only thing I can say is the decor needs some work and the kitchen needs to be kept neater. Other than that, it's one of our go to places for pizza!
5	Best pizza I've had. And that's pretty impressive. I got 2 at opposite ends of the spectrum to get a good gage of the place. And I was impressed with both. I definitly didn't expect that. Thumbs up. I'll swing through every time I'm in Vegas!
5	I have to say I love this place. I have not been out to Chef Marcs other place Parma but based on how great his pizza place is I know I have to try it. The food: the pizza here is pretty awesome. It's priced reasonably and only takes about 3 min to cook. The spicy sauce is my favorite with ricotta, meatballs and mushrooms. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. The service: the staff here is friendly and knowledgebase. They know their product. And are really good with helping you make decisions.  They are fast and efficient as well. Overall I love the pizza here. The cost is not bad at all. 8.99 for a plain cheese plus any toppings you need. My new favorite pizza place.
5	This was some awesome pizza and it was ready fast in their 900 degree oven.  Only problem is that it can be a bit pricey, especially since there are so many good things to order.   I enjoyed everything we ordered.  If your kids are like mine and think Chuck-E-Cheese is good pizza then you might want to leave them at home since you won't get bang for your buck.  Definitely a good place to go with coworkers or your spouse or boyfriend/girlfriend.
5	I CANT RAVE ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PLACE!!GREAT pizzaGREAT saladsbottomless fountain drinksfriendly staffVERY CLEAN!!this is the ONLY pizza place i'll eat fromjust wish they would get rainbow cookies!! look it up guys! its a great italian desert!
3	The pizza is pretty good, although I do have some criticisms. First,  the meatballs were overcooked.  Second, we ordered salad with our pizza.  We both finished our pizzas and then had to wait a good 7-10 minutes before getting the salad.  I know the pizzas cook fast but the wait afterwards kind of ruined the experience.  I would have preferred if they just waited on cooking the pizzas...  So, overall... pretty decent place but they need to get the details in order.
2	I expected better taste, but did not experience it.  They also were out of basil at 7pm on a Saturday...not good.  Finally, some of the pizzas I ordered were burnt at the edges....salads and the canoli were good...will try Settebello to see if napolitan style pizza there is better..if not, can only figure that type is not my cup of tea.
1	Chef Marc...need to be at the Centennial location...10 customers walked out. My pizza was black on the bottom and burned on top. You had one pizza guy and 2 other ladies working the counter.   I returned my pizza  they remade it for me but it was as good as I had it 4 months ago... Very disappointing. Get some more help.
1	Sooooo Sad that this place is not so good anymore... Pizza is still tasty, but the roasted beet salad I fell in love with when I was first coming here went to pot.  The roasted beet salad used to have fresh, roasted beets, crumbled cheese, and a really good vinaigrette that used to pack a punch.  It is now a sad bowl of canned beets sitting on some lettuce leaves with a small container of tasteless vinaigrette on the side.  Yuck. I almost sent it back but decided to seriously doctor it up with lots of parmesan cheese, salt and pepper.  We also ordered Pasta Fagoli and paid for it to only be told later that they didn't have soup.  OK... its not like the kitchen isn't surrounding the cashier for her to simply turn to someone and check... We were given a number on a stick so they could locate us when the order came out.  Again the server still walked around in a daze holding plates of food or beers asking each table if they ordered this or that... Isnt that what the numbers on a stick are for? We should have just said yes to everything she brought to our table, but im not a jerk.  When our order finally came up it sat on the counter and we just went up and got it ourselves.  Too bad, wont come back or recommend it either, too many restaurants in this town who have their act together
5	The food is amazing.  We r regulars.  Can't get enough.  Recommendation:  two topping max.  White piZza the best.  We hear every chance we can, but not often enough for our case. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, and the food is amazing. The cannolis are to die for... My daughter loves them and ask for them on every occasion. But my dad here for his 80th birthday and he loved it.
4	The gluten free is rubbery.  Otherwise it was tasty. A tad expensive for such a small pizza but at least its all natural cheese and such.
5	FFood is amazing and the staff is nice.The way its set up is new and unique
2	It's okay. The pizza is fresh and decent, but beyond that, I don't understand the hype. It's just underwhelming. I think there is some kind of fixation on that fact that "Chef Marc" is involved, but pseudo-"celebrity" name be damned, I'm judging any restaurant solely on their food and service. That being said, their food is just okay. Nothing spectacular at all. Beyond that, on our first visit, our cashier (not server, mind you. its essentially just a pizza version of Subway) forgot to ring one of our pizzas up. Then, when she dropped our food off at the table, she told us that she screwed up and that we needed to go back to the register to make it right. Really? You screwed up, you walked over to tell us about it, but we still have to come back to you to help you fix your mistake? Shit, many places would've just eaten their silly mistake because it was their fault...or at least not required us to get in line again, but these guys expected us to come back and clear things up after they both screwed up and stopped by to tell us about it. That's just bush-league bullshit. Couple that with decent food and unjustified hype and you get a 2 star rating. Simple as that.
4	Tried this place. Pretty cool how they do it like Subway to make your pie to order. We tried a couple different pizzas and to be honest, were much better than I expected. Will for sure be back and will try to be more creative with my options. Worth the visit.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed creating my own pizza combo. I loved the egg on top, however failed to ask for it sunny side up so it was basically a fried egg topping. The flavor was there though and I ate almost the entire pizza by myself. The canollis that came free  with the yelp checkin were honestly the best I've had. The service was ok.
3	I like this place because the pizza is fresh and they make it in front of you. It is a little on the expensive side but it's better than your novelty pizza shops. Don't order to many toppings on your pizza because the pie will come out soggy. Their cappuccinos are delicious. I was a little disturbed that their tv was not working to watch the football game and for the 3rd straight time eating here they were serving ice out of a plastic bucket to their customers cause they haven't fixed the soda machine.
3	The pizza was good however it was soggy in the middle, the salad was ok it looked great however the dressing was to sweet, and had these nasty soggy grilled green peppers on it. They are way over priced. We ordered two pizzas with three toppings each and the antipasti salad with two drinks and it was 49 dollars. I don't think I will eat here for that price. Many other pizza places in town that are way better and do not cost as much.
5	Love, love, love this place.  The pizza is amazing, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the dining area is large and comfortable.  I eat there every chance I get!
5	I've eaten here several times but today the cashier asked if I "checked in on Yelp". I didn't even know what this was. She let me know that if I do I can receive something free. I immediately signed up, checked in and then thought I should also share a review. I really enjoy the food. I typically dine in two-three times a week. (Sometimes with coworkers; other times with family/friends) The staff is friendly and since I was going to post on here, I went back and asked them their names on my way out. Logan made the pizzas for my family. He was extremely outgoing and patient as our some our the members of our family couldn't decide on which toppings they wanted. (I mention this because I came last week and the girl kept sighing and rolling her eyes as the kids tried to decide. I was not happy with her and wish I knew her name now to let you know not to ask for her.) Anyway, Venessa was the cashier. She was extremely friendly, courteous, and helpful. She not only let me know about this site but she also let me know about their rewards program. I signed up for that too! Nick was the guy who baked our pizzas tonight and he's always provided great customer service to us. He usually makes the pizzas but tonight he was cooking/baking?? Anyway, Venessa came out to ask how we were enjoying our meal and asked if we'd ever tried their gelato. We never have, so we tried a few flavors and then ended up ordering a couple of scoops to go. Tonight's dining experience was not only pleasant and delicious, I also learned a few new things about a place we come to so often. Great customer service to compliment the great food tonight. We are very satisfied customers.
5	I recently visited this amazing restaurant and it was just that amazing. I have never had brick oven pizza and this place did not disappoint. I mean from the second I walked in to the moment I left it was spectacular. I enjoyed their Roma Brick oven pizza and it was more than I expected. The customer service was threw the roof and they were very informative. I would recommend this place to all my friends who come to Vegas. Thanks for a great experience and lunch! 10 out of 10.
5	This place is always great... Plus, Nick is awesome!!! :D  So is Ivan!!! Best pizza around!
4	When I saw wood fired pizZa I wanted to try this place out. The sauce made the pizza ! I had the margarita- def try that one!!! I would go back for the food but the atmosphere was more like a take out place less like a restaurant. I would have preferred a sit down and order atmosphere.
5	I can't get enough of this place! Their pizzas are AMAZING!!! They make them right in front of you and they cook it in a wood oven right in there where you can see it and it only takes 90 seconds. The salads are great too and always fresh. Everyone there is really friendly and it's a great family place.
4	I've really missed Chef Marc's pizza that he used to serve at his restaurant, Parma, so I was happy when I heard that he opened a pizzeria on Centennial.  Now this isn't a regular pizzeria.  You walk down an assembly line and tell them which toppings you want as they assemble your pizza in front of you.  I went for lunch and they had a great lunch special - $8.99 for a 7" pizza, small arugula salad, and a soda.  I asked for spicy marinara, fresh mozzarella, capicola, and artichoke hearts.  The arugula salad was delicious!!  It was tiny but packed with cherry tomatoes, olives, and artichoke hearts.  The pizza was very tasty.  My only complaint would be that the bottom wasn't crispy.  It was a little soggy.  The customer service was excellent.  The atmosphere was decent.  There were some unfinished parts of the restaurant.  I sat under an area where the ceiling tile was missing.  I felt like something would fall out of there.  Haha.  I will be back with the family!!
4	Yum!! Made in a clay oven in 90 (ish) seconds.... Choose your own toppings and as much of it as you want! A little expensive but worth it!
4	My husband and I fell in love with the pizza in Florence, Italy! When we want authentic Italian pizza in Las Vegas, we go to Novecento. . . it's all about the dough and fresh ingredients. Add a glass of wine and their truly outstanding Gelato, and I'm in heaven!
2	So we normally have great service and food when we are here. Until tonight,  the pizza was soggy and seemed to take a long time to come to our table. My eggplant arrived before both my sons pizza and husbands stromboli. What a drastic change from the norm.  I think it will be a long time before we try novacento again
5	My favorite fast food....walk in- place an order and within 10 minutes have your full meal....this is my favorite pizza in LV or anywhere for that matter...and it is better than Settebello...Peroni on draft for less than $4 ...did I mention their great salads...I go to the one on Eastern and they have great specials as well....yummmmmmm
3	I went on a day when they ran out of basil.  It was a big deal because the margherita pizza I ordered has only 3 ingredients, cheese, sauce and basil.  However, staff didn't inform me so there I was, eating a cheese pizza but charged for the price of a margherita.  Other than that, some pizzas were decent and others came out a little soggy.  I might give it another shot.The first time I went there, pizza and everything were great, from the salads to the pizza, maybe because Chef Marc was present during this time and quality was better.
4	Super yummy Roma pizza- glad I made the trip. Arugula salad a little underdressed, chopped salad was wonderful. Probably could have staffed up for a Saturday night but staff was friendly and efficient. Will definitely be back.
4	Although the pizzas come out a little inconsistent at times, this is one of the better pizzas in the Las Vegas area.  If you're not into globs of cheese and other cheap toppings on carb heavy dough, this is definitely a great choice.  The San Marzano sauce they use is the best.For dessert, try their freshly filled cannolis.  You won't be disappointed.
3	I agree with some of the other reviews that their pizzas are inconsistent. The last time I went the girl who did ours barely stretched the dough at all so the crust came out small and thicker than usual. The toppings and amount of sauce she put was also not as much as they usually put. Kind of reminded me of a mini frozen pizza. I'm normally not that picky, but my boyfriend and I were unhappy with the quality of the pizza that day. For the cost, pizza should be as consistent as possible every time. Besides that, pizza here is good flavor wise. We'll be coming back but we'll just peak through the window next time to make sure it's not the same girl making them (sorry).
3	All the people that work here are super friendly and helpful! The pizza is good... but other than how it was prepared and cooked, nothing about the flavor really blew me away. It's definitely Napoli style pizza. The less toppings the better. The fresh mozarella is really a nice touch... thought it's not overly flavorful, and sort of "sticks" to itself, rather than gets stringy when you bite into it.If you're looking for a traditional Napol style pizza, this is a great choice. But for bringing the whole family and getting "full"... not quite the place. It's a bit expensive. For two personal size pizza's with minimal toppings is was $30. I'm happy we went and tried it out... but it probably won't be our first pick when we're in the mood for pizza. Just because of out preferred pizza style (NY style). Oooh! Here's a GREAT thing though... they have Gelato that is to die for! Pistachio! YUM! And again, the people that work there are WONDERFUL!! Might be worth the trip just for the atmosphere.
3	I had a very pleasant lunch with my two boys today. I ordered the 10" Roma pizza with the spicy sauce, while my boys had the 7" cheese pizza with regular sauce. I can honestly say that it's the closest thing to authentic NY pizza I've had in town. Be ready to pay $15+ for a personal pizza though! That's the down side to it.
4	Very good pizza and chopped salad. People were friendly and working hard. I will go back for more.
4	Favorite pizza place HANDS DOWN but pricey and usually a long wait in line. Other than that this place is amazing!
1	Great pizza and great service but the Gluten Free pizza unfortunately made me sick... I'm not sure if asking if it's an "allergy" means they are being over cautious or if they are not very knowledgable as it is an intolerance.  Oh well, if you aren't gluten free id recommend the place as it tasted good and they were nice.
4	I have been to Novecento 7-8 times and the pizza is great!  It always tastes fresh and is ready fast.  We always eat in the restaurant and pretty much always order the same thing.. We get the white pizza with basil pesto sauce instead of just olive oil as the base.  Normally we also add shredded mozzarella and sausage.  The actual service is kind of hit or miss but the food is always spot on. We normally order a caesar salad and they forget to make it almost every single time.  I remind them and they quickly make it and bring it to the table.  I've noticed that the staff can seem confused as to who's running the register, who's making your pizza, who's taking it out of the oven, etc.  All in all, not a big deal and it sure doesn't keep me from coming back.  I'm sure some if this is just part of the restaurant being new.  If you live in the NW and haven't been to Novecento yet, you should definitely try it out.  The prices are great and the pizza is awesome.
5	The staff was amazing and the food was great. Wood fires pizza is excellent. Love the wine bar
4	AMBIANCE: 4 - Novecento is a pizza sit-down/take-out with a gluten-free option! Though I wouldn't recommend the gluten-free option (my preference, not allergy) because it wasn't particularly tasty and they totally weren't that prepared to make it for me! The restaurant is a pretty good sized place with quite a few seats. I would say if you're visiting at midday/nighttime, it has sort of romantic lighting inside hah! SERVICE: 4 - A unique take on food ordering, basically you assemble your pizza and take a number to your table. Sort of like how you order at Greens&Proteins. The employees were very nice and respectful, they were willing to explain their take on pizza and what it was.FOOD: 4 - Their pizza was wood-fired and a bit expensive for the size. Things definitely kept falling off my pizza and it was hard to eat; but that doesn't mean the pizza wasn't good! It was really tasty!! I'm not sure if I'm okay with things falling off my pizza though, that was really..not fun. On the bright side, they use completely fresh ingredients and start from scratch; you can see them flattening your pizza dough in front of you! Again, not a fan of the gluten-free dough, seeing as it was really burnt when it was given to me--I don't know how the other dough is like because that was my first time! The soda was unlimited and located on the far inner part of the restaurant. Also, we took advantage of the check-in offer, which I recommend! The cannoli was delicious! A tonnn of chocolate chips, but delicious nonetheless!!! The other choice for the check-in offer is the cappuccino! A little heads up; It's a bit pricey for what it is (mine was $12 for a 10 inch), so if you're a big eater, come prepared to spend a bit! The taste of their pizza redeemed them for a star, I wasn't expecting it to be good when it was sliding out of my hands. I really hope that next time, my topping stick to my dough!
4	Crust is a little soft, but the flavor is off the charts. A little expensive compared to other wood-fired pizza places or this would be a 5 star.
5	SOOOOOOO GOOD! My husband and I had been looking for houses all day and stumbled in here tired, pissy and hungry. Made the whole day better! The girls at the counter were so sweet and spunky and we immediately got served an ice cold beer. That was enough to make our day and then we got the pizza. We ordered the Bianco and WOW. Seriously the best pizza we have EVER had. You can tell all of the ingredients are fresh, the cheese is high quality, and that dough (OMG)! Since we got back to LA we've been trying to find a pizza that even comes close and there is NOTHING! Can't wait until we are officially living in Vegas! First stop is Novecento to get our pizza fix!
5	I have eaten a ton of pizza in my time. This is one of the best. It has a great fresh taste. The dough has a good chew to it and the toppings are exceptional. The chopped salad I get every time no exceptions us the best I have ever had hands down.  Granted it is not cheap, but more than worth it.
3	It was my first time to eat here and thought it was a nice little pizza place.  They cook the pizzas in a big ceramic open fire oven. I enjoyed the pepperoni pizza and the margarita pizza.
3	The pizza is good. I have had better. I have had worse. I had the Naples pizza 7 in., which is just enough for one person. My friend and I also shared and Arugula Salad and a cannoli. The pizza gets a little soggy if you don't eat it while it's hot. The salad was pretty good. I don't usually like cannolis, but I liked this one. It takes a while to order, because you have to stand in line when you come in to do so. This is really not my thing. I like to sit down when I go out to dinner. This is not fast food. Maybe it would be better to order take-out and then race home so you can eat it while it's hot? Or go when it is not busy.
5	Wow- very quality! I am so happy to have a place like this close to home.... Very cool that they make the pizzas right in front of you. I had the Naples 10 inch pizza, yum!! The crust is thin and was still slightly gooey (normally I don't like this, but with a thin crust I really liked it). Will definitely be coming back soon. Nice ambiance in the restaurant, quick and friendly service. Their table EVOO and balsamic is quality, used it to eat my crust w the parm cheese. YUM. Got a free canoli with yelp check in which was perfect size and very good. Next time will have to try the gelato. Definitely give this place a try!!
4	I got to try the Naples pizza because so many people had reviewed it on here. I have to say the dough was amazingly soft and the mozzarella to sauce ratio was amazing. I will definitely be back here again to try the other pizzas out. Service was really good and you get to see them add all the ingredients right in front of you.
4	Found this place about three weeks ago, have been back 4 times since.The pizza is great. The ingredients are light, fresh and incredibly tasty. Diners have a choice of dough, sauce, cheese and toppings. So far everything has been of the highest quality.Prices are a little on the high side, but then quality often costs.Try this place out, I don't think you can leave disappointed.
1	I've heard great reviews about this place for the longest time so I finally decided to try it. I am not at all impressed. I live roughly five minutes from this location so I figured pick up pizza and head home. So when my husband and I got home the pizza to our surprise was already cold. If I had known I needed to eat it in the restaurant in order for it to still be 'warm' I wouldn't have bothered. The char on the pizzas were a little over done even for a brink oven pizza. The pizza was not done (dough was still raw in some places). I expected better and I love brick oven pizzas. The best part about this pizza was the crust. The 'spicy' sauce was not at all spicy. The manager was hanging around eating and drinking at their little bar in the corner of the room.
5	I LOVE NOVECENTO. I love the concept and I love the look of it . It's like a pizza version of subway. You start with customizing your dough , sauce and toppings to ensure topping perfection. Afterwards they take the pizza to the wood fire oven for 90 sec and deliver it to your table . And OMG is this pizza the juiciest ever. It's so good and you can taste the freshness . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it . We ordered a Caesar salad and Caesar salad I always good with pizza. They also have a free cannoli with a yelp check in and pizza purchase ! ( better than Carlos bakery by FAR)
1	Disappointed!This place takes the high art and craftsmanship of making a Neapolitan pizza and reduces it to dispassionate assembly line fast food trash.
5	This place is great! I have a severe gluten allergy and they are always so good about preparing my pizza. Absolutely delicious!!
1	I am torn on how to rate this Restaraunt...the food was amazing & the girl who built our pizzas was energetic & engaging. But it is a breaking point for me when a restaurant charges $2.50 for a child's soda. Ridiculous. I would totally go back if it weren't for this rip off.
4	Don't forget to check in while you're there for a free cannoli.
5	Had a margherita pizza with mushroom and pepperoni and it was great. Easily shareable between two people. Extremely fresh and the crust was crispy, but the ingredients were far from dry. People need to stop tripping about the cost. A 10" pie starts at $8.99 and you can get wine or a tall Peroni for $3.50! Easily one of the best pizza places in Centennial, if you're into fresh Neapolitan-style pizza, of course.
5	We eat here often! Love the fresh handmade to order pizza! I love the spicy sauce! Wood fired pizza rocks! Treat yourself today!
5	Come to this pizzaria 2-3 times a week. The staff is always friendly and the food is always fresh. Love the roasted beet salad
4	Love the concept...pizza tastes great.  The fresh basil on top is amazing.  Sometimes ordering is a little awkward.
4	Employees are always friendly and nice. The food is always outstanding. Canoli's are amazing. Lol#
4	Quality of food is excellent! Ingredients are extremely fresh and well prepared.Service was okay, we had a little bit of a misunderstanding during the ordering process, but they really did a good job of trying to make up for it.I really dislike the fact that they have the silverware in a jar on the table. It just sits through out the day? I really prefer clean silverware that hasn't been at the table with other people before me. I just picture some weirdo licking a fork and putting it back in the jar.......
5	Meatballs and Margarita pizza were delish.  My 2 yr old stole the pizza and left us withtthe meatballs, next time need to order more food.  Stopped by for lunch, but too delish to share.
5	We got two pizzas to go...pepperoni & mushroom (regular marina) & sausage & grilled onions (spicy msrinara). Apparently, the worker was aware of the complaints about "wet toppings" & warned us. I just found the toppings to be moist as they should, certainly not "wet." The slightly charred crust was fabulous! I hadn't had crust like this since I lived on the East Coast over 10 years ago. While waiting for our pizzas, we got some gelato, which was very good. We will definitely be back. The location is only 5 minutes from our home. Excellent pizza. Helpful & friendly workers. My kind of place!
2	I was not impressed with this place. First, I called in an order and they told me it would be ready in 20 minutes. When I arrived in 20 minutes, the food had not even been prepared for baking. So I waited another 20 minutes. I would have let this slide because it was busy, but there were then issues with the food. One pizza was burnt on the bottom, and the calzone dough was raw on one side with unmelted cheese in the middle. Not a good experience.
2	I tried this place out because a few of my husbands friends said it was better than Grimaldi's (which happens to be my favorite). So I went in ordered an arugula salad and a 7" pizza with mushrooms and buffalo mozzarella. I read along the reviews and a few people had stated not to get more than three toppings because it makes the dough watery and soggy. I also received a free cannoli for checking in. I ordered another order to go for my husband. I sat down and waited for my food to be brought to my table. They must have misunderstood me because they packed everything to go. So that irritated me. I took it home and as I pulled out a slice of pizza the whole piece bent down and all the cheese and mushrooms fell off. I thought i avoided that by only getting one topping. The same thing happened to the other three thin soggy pieces. Its to bad because it tasted pretty good! Definitely not better than Grimaldi's or  Settebello's. The arugula salad was good, dressing looked like it was straight balsamic and unfortunately a few olives had pits in them. So try not to break your teeth on a salad.  Luckily i was cautious to begin with. The cannoli was average and they only offer small. Definitely no where near as good as cake boss! So all in all to me it is right up there with a fast food joint! Next time ill go back to Grimaldi's:)
5	For the best Napoli Style Pizza... go to Novecento!!!Their hand-tossed, made to order pizza is cooked in their wood burning oven at 900 degrees.... thus the name "Novecento".My husband & I have been to Napoli, Italy; had pizza several times there, but still prefer the Napoli Style pizzas at Novecento!!!You can order from their menu; or create your own pizza with the toppings you like.Everything they make is great!  Prices so affordable!They also serve gluten free pizzas!  Gelato, Italian coffee & drinks also available.This is the only place we go for the true Napoli Style Pizza!!Chef Marc.... did it again!!!
5	I've been here several times and every time the pizzas are great. The only pizza I have not tried is the salmon.
4	My wife and I just stopped here for lunch. We both had stromboli. Both were very good, well seasoned and not to much sauce. You pick your toppings, sauce etc. Very good lunch.
5	We eat here frequently and it is always great!  The spicy Calabrise is our favorite along with a roasted beet salad on butter lettuce. Pizza cooks in less than a minute.
5	Great make your own pizza spot.  Went for lunch under 10 bucks 7 inch za w small salad and a drink.  Great topping options.  Very helpful and caring staff.  The wood fired za was tasty and ready in less than 2 mins.  55 degrees today and they gave me a complimentary hot chocolate when I had finished out of the blue.  Like I said help full caring staff.
3	Well, I know that yelp can make or break a business. I myself run my own business and understand how hard it really is to make it! I was in earlier today and it took forever to get my pizzas. I was with my son and my friend. Took about 10 minutes to get the pizzas out but there really was no one in front of us. The salad was good for both my friend and I. Then, we get our pizza. They were all burnt on the bottom almost like the oven hadn't been cleaned. To top off my experience I took a bite out of the cannoli I ordered and it was sour. There is nothing worse then leaving with a sour taste in your mouth. I went to hand them to a women she said I am sorry. I went back up to the counter and instead of offering me new cannoli's she said here let me give your 3.24 back sorry about that. Not we have more ricotta in the back. In order for ricotta to go bad  it has to sit there for a while. I know this because I am Italian. I myself work with ricotta often. I am afraid to know what else is sitting there for a while. My son was going to be the first one to get a bite. I am happy to say he didn't want any in which case he didn't have to deal with the horrible sour taste. I gave this place three stars because I honestly loved this place when it opened. The last few times I have gone in it just seems to not be the same. I am still willing to give it another shot because my husband loves it there. So hopefully next time will be better. If not I don't think I will return.
