1	Boo bestbuy. You are a major inconvinience for me. And your employees are brain dead. I only like the fact that you are close to my house, but that sorta doesn't count anymore because Circuit city is now closer to me. You know best by, your not the best and maybe I don't wanna buy from you anymore! Why don't you put that in your back pocket?
1	The WORST Best Buy I've ever been to.  I was charged $231.27 for an AMP install ... and they crossed the wiring so my right speaker was in the front left and the left speaker was in the right back ... and it kept shorting out on me.  And it sounded like compete shit (go figure) because they never played with the settings.  I went to the Manager Kevin S (he would NOT give me his last name) and he was a total unhelpful prick.  Anthony was the kid who f'ed up my install ... finally I got Keith to FIX the mess up ... Shop ANYWHERE but this store run by complete ASSHOLE PRICKS.  And what ever you do don't let Anthony touch your vehicle!
1	This is the dirtiest and mostly disorganized Best Buy I've ever been to.   Today it took some girl in customer service 10 minutes to look up whether they had a PC game I wanted.  As it turns out, the game hits shelves tomorrow, not today, but I had to go to 5 stores to figure that out.  The folks at Best Buy said they would not carry it, which is hilarious since I know they'll carry it since it's an expansion pack for a top-selling game they have on the shelves.In the words of Napolean Dynamite: "Gosh, idiot."
1	Oh yeah, this place absolutely blows. I'll enter in a new reason (though all mentioned are perfectly valid): Limited Clint Eastwood selections in the movie department. Fie!
3	I can't comment on anything except for the returns/exchanges department. We went to return a part for a fridge that we ordered online and there was quite a long line by the customer service department (it was lunchtime). They could have brought a few more personnel over to help. The return itself was pretty pain-free - he scanned the item and returned the funds to my credit card.
5	Their Geek Squad department gives excellent customer service! They fixed my computer in less than 2 days even though I was quoted 5! Not only were they quick and reliable, but very helpful and charming. I would recommend this location to anyone who needs a computer fixed. I had a new macbook pro that I bought at the Apple store. You want to talk about long lines!? I had to make an appointment THREE days in advance just to get it looked at. I took my problem to this Best Buy on the way back on a lark. Not only was I diagnosed and checked in in under 15 minutes, but they treated me very well too. Their store is very clean and organized now, I think they remodeled. 5 Stars all the way for this location!
3	I've never really had any problems/issues coming to this Best Buy and I will admit that my rating is largely due to the Geek Squad, whom I positively adore (geeks are the new "bad boys" :swoon:). A couple of weeks ago my laptop suffered severe trauma and the DVD tray and hard drive became victimized by this incident, to the point that the computer was inoperable. Fortunately, it was under an extended warranty and the repairs were covered. The Geek Squad was courteous in assessing the damage and getting the computer shipped out for repairs, plus informed me about ordering a recovery disc from Sony. When I went to pick up the computer, the staff were thorough about verifying my identity and validity of picking up the computer (the service contract is in Robert M's name). Since I work in a bank, I appreciate this effort as I wouldn't want someone else walking off with my lifeline. My only complaint is, we were told the hard drive would be returned with the repaired laptop so we could have a friend try to salvage any information (it was going to cost $250-1,700 if they did it). Unfortunately, we must have signed something indicating that any components removed from the computer would become the property of the service site. Ho hum! I already knew I'd have to rediscover all my porn, now my music and photos are gone, too. I suppose this is a lesson in backing up one's computer and data. And a lesson to put the computer on a stable surface when doing some supersonic idiotic disconnected not respected rap and dance number from an 80s classic teen movie. I can live with this.
1	Picture it: August 2009.  My HD TV suffers from some unknown affliction.  Luckily I purchased an extended warranty through Best Buy which covers parts and labor through 2011.  Geek Squad's earliest appointment (in-home service) is almost two weeks away.  Day of appointment I miss work to be home.  Supposed to hear between 7 and 9 am.  Nothing, so I call at 9 am to confirm.  Yes, appointment...between 8 and 12.  1 pm: "Oh, he called and line was busy."  No.  No, he really didn't.  After pressing...and pressing...for additional info, turns out the tech didn't go to work that day!  He wasn't at work...but the line was busy when he tried to call.  Huh?!!  Had it been a Saturday, it would have been an annoyance, but I missed work and was then lied to.  I've got a bitter taste in my mouth...
1	I have shopped at bestbuy on a handful of occasions.  Once at this particular store.  I have never had genuine customer service experience from this establishment.   Every time I shopped here I feel like I am bothering an employee when I ask questions or call in for service status.    My last experience was with a camera that had an issue.  This issue was covered under the extra plan I purchased.  I took the camera in.   After 2 weeks I received an automated phone call that my camera was ready for pick-up at the Geek Squad counter.  Before leaving the store I did as most do and I checked out the repair.   The camera was exactly the same as it was before I gave it to the geek squad.  I showed the customer service lady and she said that the paper work shows it was repaired.  She said if I was not happy with the repair I could sign the paper work and re-submit the claim.  This is when I got furious.   I was being asked to sign a paper stating I was happy with the repair and then re-submit the claim that the camera was still broken!!  I refused to sign the paper and asked that the camera be re-submitted with out a second claim.  During all of this I was never apologized to or offered an expedited service.  I had to ask for the camera to be expedited the second time around.  I don't believe they expedited the second claim since it still took another 2 weeks for the camera to come in.  They camera was repaired the second time but I was out of a camera for a month and never did receive an apology. I have learned my lesson for the last time.   I will now purchase my electronics from one place and this place is newegg.com  These guys know customer service and have a customer for life.
4	I desperately needed a new computer this past weekend.  Both my PCs were fried.  Fried more than I was in the 80s (ohhhhh the LSD then was phenomenal!).  Fried like they wouldn't even turn on.  Old.  Not worth fixing.  I was going to buy my very first laptop!  (Don't laugh.  I'm cooler than you anyway.)So, I walked the computer section for a few moments.  There were 4 or 5 salesboys standing around, nobody on me like a hawk.  That's good, because I pretty much knew what I wanted.  So, I shout, "Who wants commission??" and 3 of them say "We don't make commission."  Whatever.  I am in sales and know that's a sales line.  Ha!So, I ask a guy to compare two of the laptops and he was straight-up honest.  Both were within $50 as far as their prices and I chose the Dell.  He even gave me 10% off.  I'm not telling you which cutie he was, because I want to feel special about my discount.Didn't try too hard to sell me on the Geek Squad warranty.  Left happy and it didn't take forever.  AND I'm typing on my new laptop RIGHT now!
1	Worst Best Buy ever.I just had an employee there throw a temper tandrum because I asked him to call someone who has keys to the mobile locker over so I can buy my item.  Treating customers like crap just because someone asks if they can buy something?Methinks not.  Never again.  NEVER again.
1	Let me start by saying, historically, I like Best Buy. I like what they stand for, I like their products and I like their customer service. For these reasons, when I recently bought a condo and I was in need of a washer, dryer, refrigerator and television, the first place I looked was Best Buy. However, I picked the wrong Best Buy to make my purchase. This review is not about ALL Best Buys. This is about the Best Buy on 20th and Camelback. Like I said, I purchased a washer, dryer and television and the Geek Squad mounting from this Best Buy. The washer, dryer and TV were to be delivered on a Saturday morning by 10:30 a.m.  I received the call on Friday confirming my delivery. On Saturday at 10 a.m. the delivery truck arrived, but there was one MAIN problem. They only had the dryer. Where were my TV and washer? Good question. Well, the washer was on a truck that apparently "broke down" while coming from California. Best Buy didn't bother calling me to tell me that my washer wouldn't be delivered. The television was a whole other story. The sales associate apparently filled out the form incorrectly, and so the order was cancelled. Was I called about either of these issues? No. It wasn't until I talked to the delivery company and 3 different people at Best Buy to "resolve" the problem. At this point it was too late to have my items delivered on Saturday and because I work, I had to wait another week to have them delivered.But, this saga isn't over yet. When they messed up my order, they PROMISED me I would have my washer and television delivered by 10:30 a.m. the following Saturday since they messed up my order. I had to be somewhere at 11 so it was impertinent it was delivered before then. They said, not a problem and promised it would be there. I called the Geek Squad on Thursday to confirm that my TV would be installed and delivered Saturday. They confirmed that the Geek Squad would arrive WITH the TV and install it. I then got a call from the delivery truck about my washing machine (remember, they promised it would be there by 10:30 am.) They told me the washer would be delivered between 1-3 pm. I had to argue for a half an hour with the manager before he  final "pulled strings" to "accommodate" my original delivery request. But...it's not over yet. The second Saturday morning arrives. The washer gets there. Check that off the list. Then, the Geek Squad arrives to install my TV. Remember, they PROMISED me they'd arrive with the TV. Guess what. They didn't. The poor guys had no idea they were supposed to pick up the TV. In fact, I learned that they aren't even allowed to pick up deliveries from this store. So, my installation guys are there and the TV is missing yet again. They did me a HUGE favor and actually drove across town to this store to pick up the TV (shocking fact; these guys don't work at the store on Camelback. They work at the one on Frank Lloyd Wright). So, they go all the way to the Camelback location to pick up my TV....which they learn was about to be shipped to Texas for some random reason. If they hadn't picked up my TV, I'm sure I'd still be missing it today. Was I ever called by Best Buy with an apology? No. I don't think I need to explain further why I would never shop at this Best Buy again. I bought my refrigerator from the Best Buy on Shea and it went off without a hitch. So my Yelp friends, if you want a seamless experience with your pricey purchases of major appliances, I would suggest you shop anywhere but the Best Buy on Camelback and 20th. Not only did they mess up my order on multiple levels, the sales associate staff was rude on top of it. This is not the experience you want when you are making a large financial commitment.
1	Best Buy is a necessary evil because I don't know where else to get/do the things they have/can do for me.  But if anyone does know a good local electronics place, let me know.  ASAP.I took my computer to Best Buy to get it recycled.  Computer parts are super toxic and should NOT be thrown into the trash.  They wanted to charge me $10 to recycle it.  Someone step out there and pass a dammed law saying that recycling charges must be included in purchases, for the love of god.  It doesn't take a genius to determine cause-and-effect incentive structures and figure this out.  Oh, tangent.But I didn't have to pay $10, because they were going to charge me $20 to remove my harddrive, and that apparently trumps the recycling charge.  $20.  TWENTY.  It's 4 screws.  That's it.  That's $5 per screw.  I asked him if i could just borrow a screwdriver and I'd do it right there.  He said no.  So I went to try and find a screwdriver for purchase in the store.  The only one came in a $30 computer toolkit set.  Defeated, i retreated back to the Thief Squad and paid them $5 per screw, which took them all of 40 seconds, and left harddrive in hand and $20 lighter.Best Buy, I hate you.
1	I generally like Best Buy and have always had very good luck with them.  I recently moved just a few blocks away from the 20th St and Camelback store -- This has got to be the nastiest and most disorganized Best Buy I have ever been to. Last week I was there to purchase a tv bracket -- 70% of the items were out of stock.  The next day I went to purchase a simple cable for my phone -- out of stock.  Last night I went to return an item -- no one was in line, however it took close to 20 minutes for someone to come to the customer service desk.  Once she was there, she didn't know how to use the register, then register ran out of paper once she was ready to process my return and took another 10 minutes for her to find a manger to change the receipt paper.  Employees are rude and mostly brain dead at this store.  I'd rather drive 20-30 minutes to Fry's Electronics in Tempe than ever return to this store again. The manager of this store needs to be fired.
4	Shopping at a big box electronic store can often be frustrating. You get a bunch of kids helping you who for the most part have no idea what they are talking about or doing, a general amount of confusion trying to find what you need, and little service if you have an issue. In my experience, Best Buy, Fry's, Circuit City, Ultimate, etc. have all been the same. This store has proven to be an exception.I went in to buy a Mac Mini a few weeks ago, and I had an issue with the open box computer they sent me... wouldn't turn on. When I went to return it, they didn't have any other open box deals, so I was forced to buy a new one. The manager, a little asian guy, marked a new one down to the open box price for me. This was totally unexpected, and definitely the right thing to do. More recently, I went TV shopping, and I had so many questions I wasn't even sure what to ask. I talked to Hilberto, and a couple of other salesman. They spent over an hour answering my questions and educating me on televisions. In past experiences, salesmen would have become bored and quit trying to help me.All in all, nobody here really went above and beyond... they just did what one SHOULD do in a customer service field. So many places are employing people who are just there to collect a paycheck. This location has a good crew who never said "no" or "I don't know" but rather said "let me find out" or "I'm not sure, but my colleague might know." So I guess four stars for doing their jobs is a bit generous, but it really is very unexpected in this day and age. Oh, the missing star is because of the douchenozzle manager. The large black guy who runs the store is obnoxious. I have watched him time and time again question employees who are going above and beyond to help me. He questioned the little asian guy who was discounting my computer to make me happy, and he questioned the computer guy who brought over a laptop to plug into a tv so I could see what it looked like on netflix. This guy needs to understand something... he works in customer service, when a customer has a question or a request and it's doable, it needs to be done. The employees here have done a great job to make this Best Buy my first choice for electronics shopping. Unfortunately, if the manager were helping me, he would have ran me off long ago.
3	I had placed an order for a television last weekend over dot.com with the option to pick up.  I placed it using my debit card and jumped through the hoops of getting the authorization approved due to the amount.  I placed the order on a Sunday evening at 11pm and then went into the store on Monday at 12 pm the next day.  I've always in the past been able to pick up items rather quickly with the dot.com w/pick up in store option.  Mind you, I was moving so I did not get a chance to check for the pick up email, but figured after a half day, the order for the television would be ready, but not so.      I went to customer service and they stated the order was stuck in the dot.com fraud que.  I stated it was ridiculous as they had the money from the authorization and could see my id and the card I was using.  The customer service associate called the dot.com department was was told they didn't know how long it would be for the order to come through but it could be up to two days.  I asked if I would have done it in person at the store if I would have gone through the same thing and was told I probably would have walked out with the tv at the point of sale.  Question best buy what is the point of ordering through your website with the store pick up if I can get it faster just by going to the store?  So much for convenience.     I told the sales representative to tell dot.com that that was bad service.  Apparently she did follow up and tell dot.com about my displeasure and they offered me $15 in reward zone certificates to placate me.  I would have given this two stars, but I gave it three as at least the in store associate tried to correct the issue.For those of you that order through the website beware!  If you use your debit card you may not be passing go to get your item until 1-2 days later.
1	Worst customer service EVER.  This is a repeat offense with the car audio install bay.  The rep Anthony has a really offensive sales tactic of treating customers like idiots.  He must have some kind of super power because he told me (over the phone) that what I had in my car currently sounded "okay" but not as good as it could if I bought some new speakers in addition to the deck I was inquiring about having installed.  You know what Anthony, I'll go to Fry's or better yet order from Crutchfield.
1	Ok has been 7 months since my 1 star rating.  I thought I'd stop in to buy a new camcorder.  BIG MISTAKE.  One guy working in the department while the store manager and other employees talked at the customer service counter about what they watched on TV last night.  After asking 3 times for the camera guy to request some help, I gave up after waiting 40+ minutes.  I have now sworn to never go back to this store.  I have no idea how they even stay in business.
4	Impulse shopping for electronic equipment is a horrible habit to have.  Sadly, it's a habit I can't kick.It starts off as a tiny nagging thought in my head.  "I'd go to the gym more if I had an MP3 player."  Now, this being a perfectly reasonable thought, I head off to Best Buy.  The trouble starts when I actually walk through the doors.  My iPod was the gateway drug and Best Buy was dealing.Over the last several months I've purchased home networking devices, home entertainment stuff, computer hardware and a whole mess of movies.  The sales crew has been competent and able to answer the few questions that I had.The prices for big ticket items are adequate bordering on good, depending on sales.  Movies aren't cheap, but the selection is great.  Though there are better bargains out there, Best Buy will always be my go to spot for must have items.  Damn enablers...
5	I walked into Best Buy trying to decide what digital camera to buy.  I have been a customer for many of years and have found out that I can always go into the camera section and walk out comfortable and confident in anything I purchase.  I have been in there several times for cameras, cam corders etc and I always try to find one employee named Tammy.  She has never pointed me in the wrong directions, always has a wealth of knowledge to give me and always has a positive attitude.  I went in there about a week ago looking for a new camera for two big vacations and tolf her what I am specifically looking for.  She answered all of my questions honestly and straight forward.  She also helped me save money buy buying other accessories that I will definitely use.   If I ever go in there I look for her or patiently wait for her to finisih up with a previous customer, so I can ask any and all questions knowing she will guide me in the best direction.  I went on one of my two trips and so far the camera is awesome.  I did buy an extra battery because I thought I would need it, but I went 6 days of nonstop photo taking and it still shows a full battery. The pictures turned out great and I am very happy with my purchase.  The true test is when I am in Ireland and trying to capture the beautiful scenery and all the memories that I will have.
2	This is NOT the place to buy any GPS or GPS accessories. My GPS mount got trashed by Delta, so I went here to pick up a replacement (near the airport, 10 min drive)Unfortunately, they have the worst selection of GPS accessories, and I did buy something but does not really work, so I have to return them now. Service was...okay, I didn't see a soul that was working in that area until I reached the casher. Casher was very nice gal though, so for her I'm giving 2 stars. Store gets minus 5 stars.
4	I've been a premier silver member for the past few years and just got extended till 2020 so i consider myself a fan of the place. The location is so convenient for me plus i've had nothing but great experiences with the staff. If i've had any problems with an item there's no questions asked and they take it back.
3	What can I say? I usually only go when I know what I have to buy (a DVD, audio supplies). I'm in and out in 10 minutes. Nothing bad or particularly great about the place, it's Best Buy. But I do love it when they have stuff on sale. "Sons of Anarchy" Season Three for $34. What's not to love???
1	greeter which is basically security was the coolest dude there, they have hardly any wireless routers and when you ask somebody a question they are always in a hurry to get away from you to go on break i would not return to this location at all
1	Customer service here is terrible.  Guy working there wouldn't accept my tv even though it was under warranty.  Finally had to call a manager at a DIFFERENT Best Buy location (Scottsdale) where they told me they would gladly fix my tv for free.  Not worth the hassle to go here.
2	I hate Best Buy. How dare you even call yourself "Best Buy" when you are nowhere near the "best buy" on anything? Your prices are inflated to a point that I find offensive and your staff has to be some of the rudest, most entitled (to what, I cannot tell you) group of individuals I've ever met. Was there a couple years back with Collin S. to easily get the worst customer service I've ever received while trying to buy a giant HDTV. The main TV salesman straight up refused to help me. I asked for his assistance several times, he ignored me and was just a cocky son of a bitch like helping me was somehow beneath him. It took everything out of me not to unleash a YOU WORK FOR ME ASSHAT on him, but somehow I refrained, probably because I am a lady : )I ended up having to seek a manager who must've slapped his employee upside the head as all of a sudden he stopped being an asshole and was willing to help me. Thoughtful of them, don't you think? Willing to help me spend $1,000 at their store? That is really just soooo generous of them.Anyways, I do not like Best Buy. The only Best Buy I like is in a tiny little town called Anderson, South Carolina because everyone who works there is polite and I only go there once a year over Thanksgiving when I'm in town visiting my grandfather. It's in the middle of nowhere so it is the calmest Black Friday Best Buy in the world, I am convinced.To make a long story short, if you must go to Best Buy, avoid the one on 20th St & Camelback like the plague, and hop on a plane to Greenville, South Carolina, you'll thank me, I'm certain of it.
3	There are so many Best Buys in the world. This one is just like the others - a typical big box with a focus on electronics. I was in the neighborhood and figured I would pop in. Legions of khaki trousered employees might ask you if you need help, and they might just ignore you.Layout is the same as all the stores - media (DVD's and CD's), cameras, computers, high end TV's, large appliances, etc.Note that they will price match, so be sure you check before coming.
4	FOR THE MOBILE INSTALL5 stars for customer service.1 star for making my car  *beep-less*My car beeps every time I lock it. Went in to get a a part for my radio. They installed it .....................no beep.Jeremy? I think that was his name was extremely helpful to make sure I was taken care of, so maybe when I go back he can place the wire where it should be.I want MY BEEP BACK. haha R\_
1	Best Buy,you really suck.Tried to buy a camera the other day.Mid day,mid week,store pretty empty.3 employees hanging around the camera department as I started to look at options.No one asked if they could help,in fact they first stopped their conversation in an attempt to become invisible.No problem,I'll poke around till I either find what I want ,or until I have comparison questions to narrow down choices.I think I have it,I'm ready to select.Where'd everyone go?I'm so lonely.I start to wander a bit and see if they're doing laundry in the appliance section.nope.Maybe around by the video cameras.Nope nope.Under a display cabinet?Nah,that would be silly...They were just gone.Poofed.Vanished.Vaporized.I decided it had to be the nefarious work of aliens.Yes,I said "nefarious".I became frightened in my alone-ness Fearing next would be an invasion of the Apple People of the Crack Basha's.Who would protect me?The aliens abducted all the staff of Best Buy,so it would just be me.I couldn't possibly stop them all.They would come,snarling their toofless grimaces at me.I would be defenseless.Fearing my life and existance as I know it,I saw only 3 choices.1)Face them all.Aliens and Apple People of the Crack Basha's.Fight till the end or vaporization.2)Take what I wanted as there was no one left to stop me.3)Make a hasty retreat and go elsewhere to purchase a camera.Gentle readers,as you read this harrowing tale,you can safely assume I chose plan #3.New camera in my possession,safe at home taking pictures of the pets grateful to have gotten out alive.Since all the help at Best Buy has been vaporized,you may want to go elsewhere if you'd like to purchase anything that isn't self serve.Remember to get a subscription to some crap magazine on your way out.Thank you,come again.
1	I am NOT surprised that this store is the lowest rated in the area.Excuse me, I have a return.  It's unopened but I bought it more than thirty days ago.  I DO have the receipt and you still sell the product, Linksys router.Mgr:  I'm sorry.  We do not take returns over 30 days.Me:  If I didn't show you the receipt, would you accept it?Mgr  Yes, but you did show it to me.Way to go mgr, you got me there.  Took it to Frank Lloyd Wright store- they accepted it immediately and told me they didn't care when I bought it but, could only give me a store credit. Good job guys, got me for $1.75 in gas.
2	The worst Best Buy I've ever been to as far as service goes. No one greeted me when I walked in and no one helped me while I was browsing on the sales floor. The cashier was so slow at ringing up the customers in front of me that I would have walked out had I not been holding what I was looking for in my hands. I wish there were a closer electronics store to me.
5	Everything i am looking for is always in stock and great service.  Never have to look for someone to help me as their staff is always very quick to notice a customer in need and in helping me find whatever I am looking for.  Great place!
2	I went here when I dropped my iPhone (tragedy...) and broke the speaker. I could hear my callers, but they couldn't hear me. I went in to Best Buy to see if I could just buy one of those cheap pay-as-you-go phones, because I had some urgent business calls to make, and had planned to be running around town all day. I looked around with a customer service rep, who was in fact friendly. But after some wasted time, we came to the conclusion that they had nothing to offer me.  In short, I have no problem with the customer service at this location. But I wish such a big chain would not forget to supply their stores with the simple/affordable options. This could be my old fashioned preference, but if I want to by a non-color screen flip phone, I'd hope I could find it at one of the biggest electronic stores in the nation.
2	Why are the prices increasing as the competition disappears. Ever since circuit city went under the prices went up drastically. I also don't like when the push the extended warranties.
3	excellence in service, professionalism and care. your and my last bastion of a physical store to try out, touch and feel the devices you've only seen on channel 31769 (or was it 31770?) and ad-pushed to your phone, all before you shop online for the best price for delivery to your home (if you're not overcome by the impulse to buy and the not-so-subtle cues given by the store's name and signage).when i went to check out with my new bluetooth portable speaker, the last one on the shelf, and not the color i wanted, the cashier kindly asked -- as usual -- "did you find everything you were looking for?" taking the opportunity, i told her that i really wanted the black one, which was on display, but that this was the only one left."OH!" she replies and begins on her touchscreen-enabled register to peck away until she shows that according to the system there is one more in the store and then leaves the register with me to look on the shelf, consult with her floor manager, and then off she goes to the back room.A few minutes later the manager approaches me to apologize and offer me $10 off the one I had as an inconvenience! Wow. A-Plus-For-Effort!And now... Enter Keith Olbermann. Spotlight please! ...you'd never find me reviewing a chain like this, but the service i receive there is stellar.i feel terribly irresponsible when i give my custom to a monopoly like best buy from whom i am given a very limited selection of choices which have been hand-picked by a few buyers from a very select few manufacturers and brands. this selection is the one that i and all my fellow americans are programmed to choose from as we're instructed by our google-controlled devices and choicepoint-profiled ads....thank you Mr. Olbermann.i remember easily my hajj-like sojourn to the worldwide mecca of electronics in the side-by-side 10-floor-building temple-stores of Shibuya in Tokyo. like one giant nintendo world, there are people dressed like princess peach and all the female store clerks speak like her (it is part of japanese service etiquette).every square inch of every surface, and then multiple signs hanging in your path and carried by people standing in your way are COVERED with ads for products and services. a blaring fast-talking ad-broadcast roars overhead through the mounted speakers while individual yellers are stationed every 15-25 feet with their own megaphones pushing whatever they're standing next to. flashy strobes and colored LEDs scream at you from all directions begging, "over here! look at me!" sensory overload ensues in just a few minutes. awesome! all that's missing is the massive C-Major ding-ding chord of the slots. :Pi wonder why this kind of mass commercial mayhem can't break through to mainstream USA. we'd eat it up! we'd gorge ourselves like swine, swipe-and-signing our way to swaggering shopping oblivion.
4	I've been to this store a couple of times to buy small electronic accessories and most lately to purchase a Samsung tablet. In all of my visits, the staff has been courteous and helpful. They were especially helpful and patient in helping me navigate the ins and outs of the tablet and the Android world, an environment in which I am a newbie. As with most of the Best Buy stores I've been to, this one is spacious, bright, well-organized and has a really impressive array of electronic merchandise.
3	Let me start by saying this location has been here for over 20 years now. I remember when they built it. I honestly never thought it would last this long.But, here it is still going strong.I have not been over to this location in a very long time.Still looks the same only more techi now than ever.When I used to come here they would have TV's , Music Machines, DVD player, etcNow , every thing is high tech. From the Phones to the Televisions.They have good appliances here and have a good stock. They deliver when they say they will which is why I go back to them all the time.I do not like the up sale they are always trying to do. Always trying to get you to buy a warrenty service.I think it should just come with it.Though the folks that work here are quite in the know about all the latest and how to use them. So I do appreciate that for sure.Lots of parking in the lot, though it is always really full(the Lot). THey do charge for Delivery. But, not a bad store by far.
5	Customer Service! I search the net for a wireless range extender. Radio Shack had it for $20+ more, Office Depot andstaples  had nothing like it in stock. I call Best Buy before going over. They have it. It's the best price I found from my on-line search. The cust service guy on the phone says he'll hold one up front with my name. No waiting, no problems, excellent service.
2	I brought my laptop here to get repaired on Thursday. They finally called me back this morning (Saturday) and told me it would be $256 to remove a virus! I can get a new laptop for $300!I declined the repair and the tech or whoever it was on the phone seem to get real short with me once I did not want to get it repaired. The reviews on yelp or Best Buy aren't that great maybe I should have listened to them.
5	The staff inside this location is the best... always helpful and pleasant to deal with.
2	Not a big fan of best buy. They are over priced and staff is not helpful. I am surprised that they are still in business. I would shop amazon, frays, etc before I went here. I've had friends have bad stories with them not sticking to their warranties.
2	Haven't been to a best buy in years because I always had poor customer service. Today was sadly no different. The store was mostly empty and there were plenty of employees around, but nobody came by and offered to help us find what we were looking for while we wondered aisle to aisle.
2	It's an electronic store. That about the it. Their customer service is non existent. You can wander the isles forever, seeing staff members all over the place, Yet not one of them stops to ask if you have any questions or need help finding anything. The cashiers are like brain dead zombies. I get asked every time "Do you have our rewards card?" I say "no." They then continue to ring me out without even telling me about it. Customer loyalty is important in retail. Your doing it wrong Best Buy. I hope that these yelp reviews really make you look at your company and fix it. This review brought to you by all the customers you are pissing off. We now return to our regular scheduled program, Customer service 101.
1	here's a tip - they don't stock their shelves, so what's on display they might not have, and they often have discontinued items on display. lame.
3	While on a business trip in the area, we needed some equipment.  This was down the street and Best Buy should have every electronic need.  Well, kind of.We needed a power cord for a Canon camcorder.  They did not have that, but did sell a $30 "universal" camcorder charger.  Universal this is not, even though the guy handling the cameras section said it should work fine.  Also said if it doesn't work, I can return it.I ended up having to return the "universal" charger because the adapter plug wouldn't even fit into the camera.
4	Everyone, I'm floating on Employee Cloud Nine. There's a kid named Irving at this Best Buy that should be Employee of Forever. Por Quoi? He's forever changed my opinion of this store. I've had some grumpy thoughts after Geek Squad Purgatory Snafu's. No more! Irving has fixed it all. This review is going to read pretty much ala a performance review. (Yeah, my experience was that earth shatteringly amazing.) Concierge service all the way!This shorty walked in, looked up and around the colosseum that Best Buy is, unsure of which direction to walk in. I'm so glued to the ground the not all signs are obvious from the door. Mid-step in the wrong direction a smiling face popped up and inquired if he could be of service. Like a ray of sunshine I met Irving.When I said yes, he not only walked me briskly to the printer ink area, he made sure to help me locate the proper ink cartridge. I had brought a picture of my printer. He confirmed with someone/or something in the back on the appropriate ink cartridge to pick up. Together we cheerfully tried to figure out what I really needed. (One Amazon purchase later I realized I was in dire need of an add'l black toner. This is no bueno at 2:31am.) Brilliantly I had failed to come to the store with critical details. We walked around to the printer aisle and looked at a current model. Irving (artfully) opened the printer and I finally remembered what I needed. (Maybe having a beer at Whole Foods before hand didn't help. Feel free to judge. Even better, try the Four Peaks Oatmeal Stout.)With such an easy shopping experience, I said yes to "Would you like to see anything else in the store?". Notoriously difficult to part with her time and money Irene *volunteered* to look at tech stuff. Oh my word. Call the EMTs.As I'm whisked into the sales den of anything-near-the-televisions, the other dude greeted Irving like he was his best bud. (Everyone gives Irving love. )Waiting in line was a very quick process. All the registers were moving briskly. And with the luck of the draw, low and behold, it was a smiling Irving who efficiently processed my check-out.  Best shopping experience *ever*! Can't believe this kid has only been working for a few months at Best Buy. Valued asset!
1	Client service is awful. Nobody knows what they can or can't do. Waited on manager to come over to see if they could sell a video game and he said if it's not our policy we can't. Real qualified manager if u don't know the policies. Have had bad experiences multiple times at this location maybe why they have such bad ratings. Try and help the client that is your job don't just try and find every reason why u can't help.
1	The employees of Best Buy are super shady. Purchased over 2000 laptop out of state. Purchased additional ram to be installed by best buy and their geek squad. I stopped by to pick up and they want to charge another $30 for the install. I can't believe how dishonest this company is. The geek squad manager implied she didn't care what the salesman from another store told me. I guess they are all independent!  Customer service is extremely lacking. I knew I should have went to Fry's Electronics!
4	Great place to shop
2	This is a small, very dimly lit location and in no way resembles any other more modern Best Buy location. I guess all the merchandise is the same, but the layout is poor and they must have forgotten to remodel this location years ago.
5	Twice now, I have gotten better service here than in three years of dealing with the Apple store down the block at Biltmore.Let's think this one over. Apple's brand is great design and outstanding customer service. Best Buy's brand is "we still exist! don't you need some cables today?"About six weeks ago, my Macbook suddenly died in the way that indicates a choice between complete replacement and a couple weeks in the shop. Having needed seven trips to the Apple store last time it required work, I decided to shop for a Windows machine. Best Buy had an acceptable laptop on sale for roughly one-quarter the price of a new Mac. I ordered it for store pick-up, got an email it was ready as soon as the store opened, zipped in and picked it up with no hard sell of warranties, no effort to push add-ons, no patronizing interference with my setting it up.Six weeks later, its operating system went kablooey. I took it back to Best Buy, and in a matter of minutes, the customer service gal had determined that the laptop was defective and they needed to give me a new one. It seems, from the side-chat with her supervisor, that she had to do some exceptions to not put me into a loop of futile diagnostics and repairs -- AND SHE DID THAT EXCEPTION VOLUNTARILY. I know from experience that Apple will put customers in the Loop of Futility. The whole return-and-replace got done as fast as their transaction system would accept typing, and I got a small refund because the price of that laptop had gone down in the meantime.These are the two least annoying transactions I've had in 20 years of buying computers.I wish they would start selling toys, the way Fry's Electronics does, as I don't often need computer equipment, but I'd happily come buy toys from these people.
3	Was mad at them for making us wait 3 1/2 hours for my roommate to get her pre ordered phone but they let me watch movies and gave me coffee
1	Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.Never again!!!!
2	Why can't all retailers follow the Nordstrom way of customer service?  On a saturday night I went in and bought a printer.  when I got home there was an email from best buy with a coupon of 15% of f the printer I had just purchased.  So Sunday--I get up, wait for the store to open--to see if they will simply make the adjustment over the phone--I called twice and the phone was never answered.  So--I went on line to make sure  what the price should be when I go in to return and rebuy--as it turns out--the online price was less expensive than the store price plus the discount.  Anyway--to be on the safe side, I purchased on line with in store pick up--went over to the store.The women in customer service says--when I say no one answered the phone when I called this morning--we were slammed--here we are in a technology store and they don't have the phone technology that allows you to leave a message?  I believe it is called voice mail.  And they were slammed at 10:15 on a Sunday morning--by 11--the store seemed pretty empty to me.Anyway--the women says--oh I will just give you the discount on the one you purchased and return the one you bought on line--but it turns out that the one on line was cheaper than the price in a store--I do not understand with the changing nature of shopping and retail stores desperate to get people in the door why you would do that?Something that should have been handled by a phone call--cost me an hour of my time--no big deal in the scheme of things--but it could be so much better so easliy--with someone at Best Buy paying attention and following the Nordstrom way.
5	My family and I only buy electronics from this particular best buy store on camelback. The manager Davey was great, he worked with us on finding anything to our business from a TV to a laptop. Always very smiling, professional and most importantly knows how to interact and communicate with costumers,  seriously makes us feel at home. Love it and will always continue our business with bestbuy because of him. Thank you.
1	DO NOT BUY GEEK SQUAD INSURANCE.I just bought a brand new galaxy note 4 last week with the full package insurance. After being told I would get $100 off for trading in my iphone, I had to ask as I'm about to swipe my card why I would not get credited, reason, I had a small crack on the back. This crack does not influence phone function or the front screen, cameras, or any phone function. Thanks guys for telling me after I have the plastic out.A week later, my phone was lost/stolen after a night out. I go to geek squad and after waiting on the phone for upwards of an hour. I finally get to the deductable for the phone. It's $240. The same price as a new Galaxy with a new 2 year contract. OHHHHH and the real kickers are, it takes 2-5 business days for it to arrive AND it's a refurbished phone, not a brand new phone a flippin broken and fixed leftover. I'm beyond furious with them. Also I had to ask the manager about anyway to walk out of the store with some sort of phone, and she more or less dismissed me. This 1 star goes to geek squad. Well done guys seriously you earned this one.Like I said this review is for Geek Squad NOT the rest of best buy. The computer guys there are fantastic. I've talked to a couple of them and they have been nothing but knowledgeable, honest, and straightforward. If you have computer problems they are the ones to go to hands down. They won't steer you in the wrong direction.
1	So, they're good for a few things when in a pinch.  Problem is, tags are always mislabeled, they don't stock most items, they're over priced, and they have the worst return policy I have ever seen.I have a theory that amazon purchased best buy years ago, and made them really crappy so that people would just shop at amazon.I am just going to buy what I needed on amazon and do same day delivery - which is free during the Christmas season, and have what I need tomorrow afternoon.
4	I had trouble with my Pagepluscellular these guys helped i would recommend these guys.They also changed my Iphone 4 Battery.
