5	WELCOME to the neighborhood THE PINT!! Great spot for Great Gaming...Good Food..Awesome Service..Fun Atmosphere!
2	The first time we were there the service was awesome, the owner was working behind the bar and he really takes care of you and tends the bar well. We never had to ask for a drink and he recommended some great beers. On our second visit we were quite disappointed,  it took way too long to even get a knowledged and i played $100 dollars on the machine before i got my first beer, the guy next to me got smart and just ordered two at a time because they were taking so long granted the bar was kind of busy but the bartenders didnt have any urgency. I like this place and ill give it another shot just because its something diff since we are always going to redrock but ill def only be staying if i see the right people working.
4	Came in for the first time today and have been anticipating their open. We were out of town for Nevada Day weekend or would have stopped on by. Very warm atmosphere from the staff. They are eager to help and serve. The food is amazing! Happy hour is Mon-Sat from 3-6 and Midnight-4am. 1/2 off of flatbreads with many to choose from. 3.00 well drinks, beer of the week, house wine, pbr, bud and miller light. 5 dollar jaeger and fireball shots. Pretzel bites and shredded beef flautas for 4 bucks! Great selection for whatever your looking for. Defnitley a must try out for the area!
2	They left the shitty machine in from the old place.  The bar does look better. I have to agree with others about the smoking.
5	My girl and I came here a couple days after opening. It looked way better than the bar before it and the food was much better as well. They have a bunch of really cool options like an "adult" grilled cheese sandwich and a twist on bacon wrapped dates. The bartenders were extremely attentive and the place had a super happy vibe. Our bartender, Jordan, was on top of it and even helped us out when an order came out wrong, which tends to happen when a place is only a couple days old. The only critique I would make is that I would like to see crazier beers here (sour beer and more Belgian stuff.)All in all, it was a really cool bar close to my house and I will be back soon.
4	I was very pleased to see a nice and clean sports bar here in summerlin. The pint has about 11 Tvs, a pool table, golf machine and  even a pretty modern junk box. There are also several slot machines throughout out the bar. What I enjoyed the most was the large selection of beers and mix drinks. The snake bite and the Michelada beer were great! We ordered the da brat and the bacon wrapped dates, which were better than your normal bar. We had the opportunity to talk to Nick who is the guy in charge. He was very friendly and attentive! He and his team tried to provide us great customer service by checking on us on a regular basis!If you are looking for a clean and laid back sports bar, this is definitely the place to goThe only bad part is that the bar was too smokey!
5	Omg the fish and chips get it !!!!!  Fucking love this place everyone is so nice and service is on point
5	What a great surprise.  We were looking for a nearby pub to eat and watch some football and happily found that The Pint had just opened.The owner, Nick, is a great manager.  His folks are friendly and attentive.  TVs are strategically placed so you won't miss any action.  Lastly, the menu is unique, not the typical greasy bar food but thoughtful and delicious meals.Yay Pint!
5	Love this place. Perfect spot to watch the game. Big HDTVs very well-sized for the space - this is not always the case, so it's worth mentioning. Reasonably-priced, good beer selections (including local brews) and super friendly staff.The strong ventilation system was much appreciated as there were a few smokers at the bar. We left smelling like roses (Go Blue!)I didn't have food, but I spied on others' and it did look tasty. Funny-as-shit men's bathroom mural, too. I won't spoil it.Parking is not easily visible from the bar, so leave your classic (or Ferrari) at home. Yes, I always consider the parking situation ;)
4	I like the transformation they've done here. It's much more upscale than the prior bar. They have a decent beer selection. We were very pleased to see Anchor Steam on tap. There are a few different video poker options including triple play. I've been here a few times and they seem understaffed. It does take a bit to get your drink.
5	Great beer selection. Friendly staff. Jenny was our bartender and couldn't have been nicer or more attentive. Will def be back.
5	Love The Pint! This is our new spot (when were not at The Martini) to grab drinks at in Summerlin. With a HUGE assortment of beers both on tap and by the bottle you will certainly find something you will love. From the San Franciscan beer Anchor Steam to our favorite Irish Stout Guiness this bar will keep us coming back for more.Nick is such a great manager and really knows how to keep his guests happy. You can tell the employees truly love working here and they are so nice and knowledgeable. The Pint is a HUGE upgrade from the former Outside Inn. Oh btw if your in the mood for food try the Fish and Chips. AMAZING!
3	A variety of circumstances led my wife and I here for a late lunch on Christmas day. The place has a good ambiance, both inside and out. Over in the corner is a group of couches, which looked like a comfy place to sit and watch some TV while enjoying a beverage. We sat at the bar, and the bartendress, Jordan, was super friendly. As the name would imply, they had a large selection of beers on draft, which made me happy. Unfortunately for my wife, who is a wine drinker, they only had three red wines to choose from, and the one she settled on -- Cabernet Sauvignon -- was not very good. We ordered the martini flatbread, which was edible, but not much else. It was a little under-cooked, and the onions were overpowering.I had two beers, and would have had a third if my wife had been able to find a wine she enjoyed; instead, we left, and the only chance of me returning would be lunch by myself, or with a beer-drinking friend.
2	This is solely my review of the place and I wasn't impressed one bit. For a place being called the "Pint" the beer selection is better than the average bar but not nearly what I thought it would/should be. The place was dead, our server/waitress kept checking on us and was very attentive so A+ for her. The biggest complaint I have was the haze of smoke the floated the air like a fog machine. I know I know it's a bar and people smoke in bars... Well I don't smoke and I don't want to go into a bar leaving and feeling like a smoked a carton.
3	This used to be the beyond fabulously rustic Outside Inn, and if you were ever spoiled enough to get in there, you'll be sad at the lack of adornments here, but that's not what I'm basing my review on. While it's hard to cast aside my longing for the previous occupants, let us press on with pros and cons:ProsGood food for bar fare; not amazing, but goodGreat menu varietyLocal beers on tap scores a big win for me here, they have Bad BeatIt does look clean/streamlined Vendors pop in, setup shop, give free samples and discounted stuff (we got a free taster)ConsSo it is streamlined, but damn, so much open space makes me agoraphobic; fill it in a littleSmokey-as-hell...I know, I know. "It's a bar!" Pff.Kinda priceyI don't see an advertised happy hour; HH is one of the things that MAKES me come backI've been here twice, just because it's close, as in stumbling distance, should I get too sloppy. It is still a sports bar, and on that note, if PT's was closer, or in the same distance, I'd probably alternate; they're about equal, except PT's has "THE GILROY" pizza and a reliable HH.
