3	This restaurant just opened 3 days ago, so there were some glitches and service was a bit shaky because there were two people trying to serve the tables and orders were mixed up a bit.  They have both lunch and dinner buffets.  Lunch is $7.99 and dinner is $9.99.  The weekend buffet goes to $11.99 and I don't know if there is anything different to make weekends more expensive.I had the buffet and my wife had Saag Chicken.  Her dish was very good.  She asked for it not spicy at all.  There was some spiciness, but she could live with that and it's good that she is growing in her tastes.  The buffet was good except for a major glitch which soon smoothed out.  Something happened to the heated water under the steamers, and some of the food had cooled somewhat before they got it back up to piping hot.  I won't remember all the dishes but they had vegetable samosa, a spicy lentil dish, chana masala, aloo palak, jeera rice, chicken korma, tandoori chicken, chili beef, and gulab jamon.  Except for the temperature issue, the buffet food was quite good.  I tried some dishes I have never had and it was all good.  The gulab jamon was outstanding - the first time I've had this dessert.One issue we had was with an order of garlic nan.  There was no garlic.  There was a mixup in orders.  He deleted the amount from the bill.We will be returning and it's close to home, so I can to take out, too.  The brochure syas they have live music and karaoke Thursday through Sunday.  The owner promised to play something for us, but he got too busy helping out.  This is a small suite in the Village Square Plaza a few doors east of the Regal Cinemas and next door to the Coldstone Creamery store.  Capacity is rated at 65 people, so it's a small place.If you go to their website, you can download their menu as an Excel spreadsheet.
5	I loved this restaurant.I travel all over the country and always eat Indian if I can.  Vegetarian friendly.  Gluten Free friendly.Casual atmosphere.The staff is overwhelmingly nice, warm, friendly.  By the time we left, I felt like they were friends.  I let them pick out my food using my Gluten Free restrictions and was amazed with my meal.  The Bhel Poori was so unique and filled with flavor.  The dosa tasted like the dosa's that I ate in India.The owner(s) sang songs and entertained us unexpectedly.  We meant to pop into the restaurant for a quick meal.....we left feeling like we had a casual night out on the town with new friends.Go eat at Pyaars!  Then go back.  This place is near a movie theater and is so new that it had no sign yet.  Find it...it will not disapoint!
3	Best priced Indian Food in Vegas. They have only been open a week and were having some trouble with their oven, so the naan wasn't great. The food was way too salty but was otherwise great for their first week. Their chef used to work at Gaylord Indian at the Rio so I was surprised that their dishes tasted very different than at Gaylord... not bad different, just different.Harold the owner is a great person to chat with and service was outstanding.I will give them another chance in a few days and see if they have the kinks worked out. I can see giving it more stars next time.
1	This is a very tough review for me to write. On our trip to Pyaar the one good thing I can say about the restaurant is the owners are some of the nicest and most accommodating people you could hope to meet. Unfortunately, I really didn't like my meal here.It should also be noted that this is a review ONLY of the dinner buffet - it's possible that ala carte menu ordering will produce a different experience.Anyway, when my wife and I discovered a new Indian restaurant was opening in town we were pleased, but the news that this one would feature an Indian DINNER buffet had us over the moon. We are night owls by nature and during vacation times or on weekends we aren't always ready to go in time for a lunch buffet - the chance of a dinner option for Indian buffet sounded perfect.Tonight we went in with no expectations. $9.99 or so per person for dinner seemed like a good deal, although we were surprised that Naan had to be purchased separately (it's usually included with the buffet - this is the first time i've seen it as an extra).The selection was small and I ran into immediate problems. I'm not sure if this is synonymous with the particular cuisine Pyaar aims at - they claim to me "The only North-South-Mogul Indian restaurant in Vegas" - but I was surprised at the presence of a couple of beef dishes, the lack of any real "main" dish for vegetarians and nothing at all with the nice sauces I've come to expect from Indian food. No Paneer dish, no Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Makhani, no samosas, no pakora, no kofta of any sort.  What I ended up with was the only two tandoori chicken drumsticks, some of the very wet "chilli beef" some of the vegetable curry and a lot of rice.The tandoori chicken was fine if unspectacular and I'd have been OK to eat that and write it off as a "notch in the belt" but not somewhere I wanted to visit again, but unfortunately the rest of the tandoori was thighs which I don't like. The chilli beef tasted like a generic beef stew with a bit of chilli powder added, potatoes were OK-ish but a bit hard in the vegetable curry.My vegetarian wife fared even worse than me - ending up with some chick peas and a bit of potato on top of a bed of basmati rice.By the time our Naan (which tasted like a flour tortilla) arrived I realised that I had nothing to mop up as there was no dish featuring any of the delicious gravies I have come to associate with Indian food.Around 3 minutes into the meal my wife pretended to receive an urgent phone call and we apologised and asked for the check. The owners felt bad for us and were extremely nice, offering to let us fill up to go boxes from the buffet and they waived the cost of the Naan. Now, perhaps it's a different type of Indian cuisine and it's just our personal taste, but we really didn't like the buffet here at all. I feel bad having to pan this place so harshly because I really liked the owners, but I hope if they read this review they consider some changes to their buffet because right now it's uninspired bordering on inedible.
5	We immediately got a great sense of family in this restaurant. Their name is fitting, as "Pyaar means love."  When we walked into this restaurant, it's as if we were all good friends, meeting together for the first time in years. I'm assuming this is family owned. The mother, father, and son were more than willing to accommodate us.We aren't regulars at Indian restaurants and the dad was quick to help. We had a mango lassi, vegetable samosas, ginger chicken, and chicken biriyani. There was more an enough for leftovers. The icing on the cake was when the dad and son offered to sing/play for us. Let me tell you, that man does an excellent impression of Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis Jr, and Louis Armstrong. It made my night!I'm sad to hear that the negative reviews are for the buffet... perhaps they should have gone with the menu, like us.
5	A true Vintage Vegas spectacle. Go on Friday or Saturday nights after 7 for Indian food with a live jazz trio, belly dancing, and occasional impromptu performances from Al -- the singing chef. He's not only the chef, but also the owner -- and he does a KILLER Louis Armstrong impersonation. This is a true MUST SEE.  Food was pretty good. The lunch buffet was small but I liked everything I tried. Nan was extra -- which made my lunch buffet about $9. Not bad -- ESPECIALLY considering the entertainment.
3	ok confession .... my friend Susan L drags me places to try new things... and I go willingly. She took me to Pyaar and I shrugged and said "roh-k"  So we get their and the first thing I thought was "I am so thankful for air conditioning cuz it is freaking hot outside"We sat down and it was nice the booth was really roomy and, our hostess  (and I am thinking one of the owners) brought us ice water right away.I ordered a strawberry lasse (i think that is the spelling) I thought it was a soda ... Susan informed me it was a yogurt drink and I wrinkled up my nose, and thought "oh crud I ordered wrong" Not being a connoissieur of Indian food, I really have a limited idea of what to order. We ended up ordering Biryani (beef), and chicken Tandoori sizzler,  which was a little like fajitas... and Garlic Nan Bread.the server /hostess/owner brought me my strawberry drink , and it was GOOD.  Bonus!Then she brought the Biryani, which was served a little differently than I had ever tried before. It had cucumber, onion and fresh tomato sliced around it. It was very good and SPICY!! So that yogurt drink was perfect, it totally cut the heat IMMEDIATELY.  I was NOT crazy about the Tandoori ... not my favorite at all. Susan enjoyed it alot (she took the left overs)  but this is not a reflection on the whole review , but it is not the best I have tried.The other thing I was not crazy about... is the buffet ended at 3pm and the food was still in the trays after 4 pm. (just kind of ... sitting there)  However the service was REALLY great. Very accomodating. The tandoori usually comes on one plate and she made sure it came on two plates since she knew we would be sharing. I thought that was really cool. She also made sure that our water never got too empty. I thought it was really a good experience. But it is really far away and it isn't a place that I would go to on a regular basis. I gave it three stars because it was good food ... and good service.
3	I was so excited that there was an Indian place so close by that I had to try it! The menu has so many things to choose from ....they even have Chinese food with an Indian twist. I was really tempted to try it but I thought I should stick to the Indian dishes first. I started off with a Blueberry Lassi which was really delicious compared to Bollywood's Mango Lassi. I liked this one better because I could tell it was made out of fresh blueberries by it's texture. My friend Sharr and I ordered different items so we can sample more dishes. We ordered the Beef Biriyani, Tandoori Chicken sizzler, and the Garlic Naan. The Beef Biriyani was good on the inside where all the beef and spices were but on the outside it was like white rice. I'm used to having the spices spread throughout . I would have to say I like Bollywood's Briyani better because of how the spices are spread through out  the whole dish and they have a curry sauce that they serve on the side with it. I was impressed with the Tandoori Chicken sizzler ...anything that sizzles on a plate gets me instantly excited. I've never had Tandoori before so I have nothing to compare it to but I thought it was tasty! The Garlic Naan here is flavorful and I like how they pre cut it before it's served. I thought the service here was very thoughtful. The lady who took our order knew we were sharing the chicken so she had it split into two plates. I'd love to come back when they have the live entertainment and sample other items on the menu.
4	This is an Indian restaurant my (Indian) husband and I will keep coming back to in Vegas!  We had dinner here tonight with a friend from out of town.  We ordered a lot of different dishes to share family style.  We started with the papads, which were tasty but didn't come with any chutney (surprising).  The mains followed with saag chicken, fish curry, dal makhni, egg curry, upma, jeera rice, raita and garlic naan.  We felt like everything had been lovingly prepared, it just had that homemade taste.   The stand out dish for me was the egg curry - just fantastic and kind of hard to find on menus at Indian restaurants in the US.   My husband and friend thought the fish curry was number one, with a fresh tomato taste.  Only one downside, the naan was just so-so - kind of tasted like the frozen supermarket naan that they doctored up with garlic and cilantro.  To drink, we all ordered fresh lime juices, which were a perfect accompaniment to the foods.  The restaurant is working on getting their liquor license within the next few months.   In addition to the great food, there was live entertainment with a jazz trio, and singing done by the owner/chef.   The chef and his wife also came over to chat a few times and make sure everything was ok - lovely people.  Overall, it was a friendly and fun atmosphere and the prices were not ridiculous like at many Indian restaurants in town.
2	First off...the set up is beautiful. Great atmosphere and they even had a good 3 piece jazz band playing when I walked in.  I was expecting something great from the newly opened Indian restaurant, but when I had got there, they had miss placed my order, they were out of 2 of the items I ordered, and the food was mundane.  Although, I was extremely disappointed in the service and the quality of the food, since the staff was extremely apologetic and the setting was impressive, I'm thinking I may give the place a second chance. Maybe.
1	I tried to dine here at 11:15 on Tuesday but they weren't open yet even though the hours posted claimed they opened at 11:00 am.
3	I came to Pyaar in a roundabout way. You see, I asked the hotel desk clerk if he had a menu for the Thai restaurant around the corner, Archi's.  He said he did but they had changed the name to something else. He fussed around in a drawer (not in his drawers, that would be weird), said "Here it is" and handed me a menu for Pyaar.I knew right away that Indian cuisine is not Thai cuisine.  I'm funny that way.  While I have enjoyed being curried away at both, the food is distinctly different.  Anyone that is even a slight foodie is not going to confuse Thai food with Indian food.So I decided to check them both out. And I decided on Indian instead of Thai.I was the only one in the restaurant. I tried ordering several things and struck out with an assortment of "We're out of that" and "He only makes that during the day" (Hint-don't put it on the dinner menu).I opted to order several small things. I started with a veggie samosa, followed with some gobi paratha and to go...rasmalai.I really liked the samosa.  The gobi paratha was pretty good, with a nice robust and grainy bread.The rasmalai for dessert was...interesting.  Very sweet.Overall, pretty solid Indian, nice people and reasonable prices.And Sanford and Son on the tube when I left.Too old school for me.
5	Went here for the first time the other night.  This place is a gem.  Great food, great atmosphere.  Definitely a special find here in Vegas.  I will be back for sure
1	This is my 3rd time eating here, and first time eating the buffet, needless to say I am not pleased. The buffet was about 15.00 and runs from 11-2pm. I came in about 130. I was given water by the owner, and he never asked me if I wanted anything to drink!!! On the buffet: All of the rice dishes were on the verge of dry and crunchy. The eggplant dish was very bitter, the vegtable pakoras we dry and unedible, the ground meat (i think beef) was just plain ole funky!. The bread that came with it tasted like it was re-heated. Overall a horrible buffet. During my lunch, I was never asked how things were or if I needed anything. The cook is the one who rang me out when I was leaving and he asked me how things were, and I told him dry, and not very good. He told me I needed to come in the morning and not so late!!! So save your money and go somewhere else. I hate to say it, because I was glad to have a indian restaurant in the neighborhood, but this place isnt going to last and is going down fast. I also noticed in the kitchen that they had "taste of India" seasoning pastes. This places says they serve made from scratch dishes......lol...
4	When I ate at this restaurant I almost felt I was in the twilight zone. The owner (Harold) and his wife are so friendly it's almost scary. They constantly come to your table and engage in conversation with you (Harold asks for everyone's name and remembers it). I'm kind of making this sound like a bad thing, but it's a good thing. A very, very good thing. The world would be a much better place if more people were like them. Anyways, they have a lunch buffet and used to have a dinner buffet, but they decided to stop doing that unfortunately, which is a shame as I always like Indian food better when I'm able to pick out small portions of various items rather than one large portion of one or two things (Indian food sure does fill you up quickly). I decided to just go for it anyway though. My first time here I got Veggie Samosas, Tandoori Chicken (which literally sizzles as they bring it out for you) and garlic Naan. Samosas: HUGE. They were served with two sauces, one sweet black sauce and another minty cilantro sauce. I really liked the sweet black sauce but the minty cilantro sauce smelled too minty for me to put it in my mouth. The samosas were filled with curried potato and pea flavor, they could have been a little crunchier though. Tandoori Chicken: I ordered the 6 piece and I was shocked at how large they were. Nice, spicy and tender. VERY filling too. Naan: A little bit too much cilantro, but pretty damn tasty regardless, like Naan should always be. Would love to return, I would try to do so earlier next time so I can try the buffet. Even if the food wasn't that good I would probably still go here just for the so nice it's practically ridiculous service.
1	The worst indian restaurant I have eaten in in the US. I am Indian and I will not suggest this to anyone. Please avoid at all costs!
1	Are you kidding me........you just spent 20min. telling us how great a vegetarian diet is. You bring us food and every dish has chicken in it. Sorry i still don't agree with the whole chicken is a vegetable deal.....
3	A little more expensive than I was comfortable with. Everything was ala carte.
3	Very strange dining experience.  Had a coupon from not-Groupon, and that sent the owner off into a tizzy about the problems he had with the company.  I think it was a $25 off coupon I had purchased, but according to him it was supposed to be $25 off $50.  He claimed it was the company's fault, but I think maybe he misunderstood the concept of the Groupon-like sites.  He did honor it, but I felt like I was the bad guy using it.The food was pretty good, though.  But it was all a bit overpriced without a coupon, so I doubt I'll be stopping back in there.
3	My rating is based on the over all experience. I enjoyed the food, it was fresh and tasty, and there was plenty. I went with a friend of mine, the only real reason for not giving it a 4 or greater was the strangeness of our dining experience. There was no music or any ambient noise and we were the only ones in the restaurant, so it seemed a little eerie. There was no buffet, which I was interested in seeing what they had to offer but was not disappointed because rarely do they have chicken vindaloo at the buffet which is what I order. Vindaloo was good at a 6/10 on the heat scale and the veg. palau was good too, enough for my friend and I to share with some to take home. A good place to go especially since this is one of the few indian places on this side of town.
3	It's really not fair to rate an Indian restaurant based on its buffet only. Unfortunately, I only have that one experience upon which to base my assessment of Pyarr. Located in Village Square, just a few doors down from the Regal Cinemas, Pyarr is relatively new, and its obvious it hasn't built up its clientele yet. I visited during the lunch buffet with a friend one weekday, and we were the only other people dining in there aside from one guy at his lonely table. Seating was open, but we were promptly greeted and quickly brought water as our drink orders were being taken, which left us to hit up the buffet.Of course, this is where my review gets highly subjective. The buffet selection was, let's say, not impressive. Especially not if you're a vegetarian (hello!). There were only eight-to-10 hot plates from which to choose, and none of these were fried goodies such as samosa, pakora or papadum. The selection does change daily, but I'd rather see Pyarr ixnay the bulk of its mostly ignored cold condiment selections to make room for more hot stuff. And maybe they will when business picks up.The buffet does include a serving of their fresh naan, however, and I will say this: I think this is the best naan I've had in Vegas, even counting my beloved India Palace. And even though the selection was weak, the food I did have (jeera rice, aloo palak, yellow daal) was tasty and just spicy enough.The service was excellent. We were being checked up on regularly, asked for feedback on specific dishes, re-filled with beverages (maybe not accurately, but ...), etc. Again, this might have been because we were the only people in the joint, but hey, it's something.Either way, I plan to come back to explore the menu further during dinner hours, so I can maybe give a more well-rounded review.
