5	Brand new greek place that opened.  Came here to celebrate my cousins graduation.  The beers on draft are very flavorful and didn't disappoint.   The staff is very attentive and friendly.   For aps we had the octopus, lamb pops, cheese in a cast iron skillet, greek pizza, and calamari.   All were unique and cooked really well.  I was surprised how well the octopus was cooked.  At the end of our meal the chef came out to ask how we liked the meal.  Give this place a try.
5	This place is new and fantastic.  I got the chicken shwarma and it was delicious! Order it just the way it comes, the grilled zucchini and pickled onions are a great add to the chicken that is marinated nightly. The pita bread was great and ingredients tasted so fresh! Definitely going back!
3	Brand new Greek THEME restaurant in the Epicenter. We were ALL very excited to learn that a new Greek joynt is opening in the Epicentre!  Great location and vibe. Greeted by a friendly server and he explained the menu.....for those not familiar with Greek food. HE was the one who emphasized the "theme" part of Greek. The menu looks Greek but this is NOT authentic Greek food. Not saying it's bad just not true Greek.So my usual lunch crowd all order different things. Most got some form of Gyro. I asked if it came off the rotating roaster and the Chef said yes but they keep it in the back. I opted for the Gyro Platter which csme with......a....GULP.....bland iceburg salad! Huh? No flavor no taste. Thankfully the lady Manager noticed my horrified look and offered to substitute a real Greek salad, which was FAR better. But really IOS you absolutely need to dump that terrible tasteless iceburg disaster and make the Greek salad standard!Finally the gyro. The Manager came by and explained that IOS goes thru great pains to flavor the pressed lamb and beef mixture. It was good. But those of us at the table who have lived in Toronto, New York, Chicago, LA, Boston...etc...all said the "amazing flavor" wasn't. I must agree. Dont get me wrong it WAS good, just didnt match up to how it supposedly was prepared. Sorry. The kicker was that the serving portions were very small. Our standard sources of comparison are The Mad Greek and The Greek Isles on South Blvd.....both FAR better than IOS.Overall.....good. Look they JUST opened so I'll give them a mulligan and come back and retry in the near future. But IOS just needs a few adjustments and they'll be a much better restaurant.
3	Had lunch here with a coworker. Atmosphere is laid back, "garage" cool atmosphere. I ordered the lunch meat platter which came w a soda. The platter had grilled chicken, a ground beef kabob, pita, fries, and some salad. First I felt it was a little bit of a reach to call a dish that is more than half non meat a "meat platter", but in any case the chicken was tender and flavorful for what it was, and I thought the kabob was juicy and flavorful as well. The salad was very disappointing as it mostly iceberg lettuce and dressing. My coworker upgraded his side salad to a Greek salad and that was even worse - a dollar more for some feta crumbles and one cherry tomato. The fries and pita were unremarkable and did not add much to the dish. Service was friendly and efficient. Overall the food here has only the faintest resemblance to authentic Greek food. I think this spot is much better utilized for a drink and people watching - it's right in the heart of the epicenter and should be busy on a warm evening.
4	My friend and I came and tried this new joint at EpiCentre last Thursday at the end of AA5, and I was pleasantly surprised. First, I like the set up and the decor. We sat at the bar, which is half inside and half outside (we were at the "outside" part of it). It's nice, low key & causal, and that's a breath of fresh air for EpiCentre. We sure do not need another snotty "lounge."  It's funny that we looked out and up and we're bathed in the neon light of CVS Pharmacy & Gold's Gym. Second, I was happy to see that the prices of the menu weren't too crazy. I ordered a lamb pita sandwich (with a choice of salad or fried) for $9. My friend loves calamari, and her fried calamari was of good size and $11. They had a drink special for $3. We walked out $13 each, which isn't bad for uptown.Lastly, the food quality was great. My lamb was well seasoned and juicy. The calamari was fried just right, not over done, not too chewy, and has a great seasoning as well.Service was good, our bartender was attentive, and he interacted with us (gasp, he actually talked to his patrons!). It was an overall great experience, and now all I ask for is to keep up the good work!
4	We stopped by for dinner on a quiet Sunday evening. The entrance was a bit confusing as there is not really a door, just garage doors that open into the center of the Epicentre. The table layout did not hint to the direction of the host stand so we just walked in and noticed the host stand hidden behind a wall. I liked the interior and the inside/outside bar, gave the place a fun relaxed feel. After watching the calamari pass by my table, I figured I would give it a go. Glad I did, the calamari was fried perfectly with a bright acidic lemon sauce tossed with some red onion and peppers. I made a meal out of it. I will be back to try the gyros and explore the menu a bit more.
3	Me and my boyfriend came here before seeing a movie.Their menu isn't too extensive, but the food is pretty good.Had the gyro platter, and some appetizers.The prices aren't bad either.I like the whole outdoor/indoor seating and also the bar area.Not too many drinks to choose from, but the drinks we had were really good.Service was alright, no one asked me if I wanted another drink, but that's money lost on their part.The restaurant itself is small, but it's a really cute atmosphere.
5	This place is fantastic!  It is nice and open with a nice, chill atmosphere.  The food is amazing, with a fresh, authentic Greek menu.  There is also a bar and the service was prompt and awesome.  Will definitely return.   The chicken souvlaki pita is A+
2	To avoid the pouring rain, we ran into this place to have a drink.  I got a dirty martini and my friend got some fruity drink.  I was unimpressed.  My martini glass was tiny and it was barely halfway full.  There was literally 2 spoonfuls of liquid in that tiny glass.  That would have been okay for $9 if I were surrounded by hot bodies in tight shirts dancing on white sofas.  In which case the goddamn drink woulda been free.  But this ain't Hollywood honey.  When I pay $9 for a drink I expect more than an eyedropper's worth.
4	I'll start by saying I'm Greek and critical when it comes to Greek food. Born and raised in an all Greek family in 2 very Greek cities (Astoria, NY & Tarpon Spring, FL), I have a lot to compare to. The menu is not very traditional, but tried to be open minded. I had the Gyro with salad and both were good. Not the best I ever had, but definitely would stop through here again without hesitation. My girlfriend had the chicken souvlaki with the tzatziki sauce instead of the dressing. Tzatziki was not traditional, but not bad. Enjoyed the IOS Martini (Tito's Vodka, a little dirty, with Feta Cheese stuffed olives) - yum :) Compared to our other Charlotte Greek options, this place gets 3.5 stars from me.
5	Stopped here after attending a club around 1 am. Was like what the hell im hungry and this place is open... Got wings and a Gyro sampler. Awesome! Price point, plus good quantity, and most importantly, flavor! Must stop here!
5	The food was delicious especially the lamb gyros ( I think that's what it was) !!! I'll definitely be back. I'm in this Greek food stage so it truly satisfied my Greek taste. By the way the owner was also there and he was very friendly. I noticed they had culinary students so I thought that was a nice/different touch.Do your self a favor & visit IOS GREEK.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Enjoyed a delicious lunch this afternoon. Started off with a shrimp garlicky appetizer with green hummus and crispy pita chips.  Recommend the Gyro with the side of the Greek salad instead of the green salad. Atmosphere is very open air and pleasurable to people watch.
3	Wasn't impressed. Went for lunch with my boss and peer. Entering the restaurant is confusing, you need to walk past tables or the bar to the find the hostess table. There were plenty of empty tables (odd for uptown during the noon hour). After we were seated, we weren't greeted by our waitress for several minutes. After placing both our drink and lunch orders, it took another several minutes to get our drinks. The food was not quick to be served, either. I had the falafel, it came with a salad. Both were fine but not anything I'd have a burning desire to come back for. If there wasn't a wait for a table, I had ample time to dally and I really wanted (poor) table service, I'd go back if pressed. If I just wanted a good, quick falafel, I'd go to Pita Pit. Not exactly competition but the falafel is way better over there.
4	Had $1.50 tall boy PBRs, the hummus trio, a Greek salad, and gyro. Not a lot of lettuce in the salad but awesome feta. Delicious trip and gyro! Hip and modern decor that doesn't remind you of a cheesy Greek restaurant!
3	Having been married to a Greek woman and having a number of close, Greek friends I'm partial to this cuisine. The service was a bit slow, the gyros pretty good. Overall decent for a yuppyish-type establishment. Curious enough to return the next time I'm in Charleston.
4	I was wonderfully surprised at 1:20 am that this place was still open AND serving! One of my biggest fears after a night out is that I am going to have to go to bed starving! We were sat down immediately and told to stay as long as we'd like. Even better! Although they were out of their amazing Parmesan garlic chicken wings (bummer), it forced us to think outside of the box. We ordered the pita nachos and the gyro sampler. Both were absolutely amazing but I must say the lamb was phenomenal! Very tender and well-seasoned, a must-try!You're welcome.
4	Stopped here for drinks one afternoon over the holiday weekend.  The drinks from the new cocktail menu were fabulous, and the perch at the open bar was perfect for relaxing and watching the US Open.  Bobby, the manager, stopped to speak to us several times to make sure we were being taken care of.  Great staff and drinks! Can't wait to come back to try the food.
4	Good atmosphere. Cool bartenders/waitresses. Love to come here for the Greek salad with gyro meat; might be best in town. Would recommend to all.
2	Very  small portions for the price . The Greek salad appeared large until you realized it was mostly cheese and onions and very little lettuce . The lamb skewers were pathetic . You get two for 9.50 . It tasted like cheap frozen meat . And they were so small , I could of ordered 4 just to have a filling meal . On the bright side , the chicken gyro was large and flavorful . The Parmesan French fries were good . But not so special .With that said , I cannot recommend . I would look for other options if you are looking for Greek cuisine . I might add the two others in my party agreed . And did not care for their food .
1	Blech....The atmosphere of the place is pretty cool.  The drinks appeared to be interesting.  But the food Sucked!  We started out with the calamari. It was decidedly "Meh".  It was hard and chewy like it had been way overcooked. And the serving size was pretty small. The preparation sounded interesting but there was nothing interesting about it.  It's not something that I would ever order again. Next came the Spicy Garlic Shrimp.  I like salty food but this was like unscrewing a salt shaker and putting it in my mouth.  It was inedible.  The "grilled" pita appeared to be deep fried and was rock hard.  Not appealing.  The last nausea inducing dish that we ordered was the Skewered Seasoned Lamb.  The description makes it sound like chunks of meat when it is actually ground lamb. Not a big deal.  But it was Way over seasoned like they were trying to cover up the flavor of sub par meat by dousing it with a mishmash of spices. This is one of the very worst meals that I have had.  I literally felt so sick the rest of the evening that I had to call it an early night and go home.  I will never disrespect my stomach again by consuming this sorry excuse of Greek food.
3	Food way just okay. Service was painfully slow. It was more of a fast food experience.
3	While in Charlotte, I checked out this Greek restaurant at the Epicenter. I was craving the calamari appetizer so I ordered it despite the $11 price tag on it. I should have remembered that calamari is often hit or miss. I was disappointed because, while the sauce was good, the actual calamari was so chewy and hard. It was like eating rubber, and for the price I paid, the amount was also a bit frugal. I did enjoy the gyro sandwich I had for $9.5 and it was a good filling size. A silver lining was the $1 PBR 16 oz. cans special that night, and the decor/ambiance isn't terrible for the restaurants price range. However, I wasn't that impressed for the price my husband and I paid -- I don't think I'll be going back again.
4	We arrived here late and thus were only able to choose from the late-night menu. We ordered a gyro platter, crispy calamari and a couple of drinks. The calamari was drizzled with a white sauce and very fried so we did not care for that. However, the cocktails and the gyro platter were delicious. Our server was also fantastic. Overall we enjoyed this place.
3	The menu is limited, but I attribute that to the location. The service was great and the wait (for the kitchen) was reasonable. We had the chicken wing appetizer and they were amazing, portion was great and the wings were flavorful. The only disappointment was the Parmesan fries. For the price of $6 on any, I expect real cooked Parmesan fried not just the grated cheese sprinkled on. Other than that I would definitely go back. The falafel was great!
5	This is a great place to grab a bite and relax. My favorite menu items are their wings, the chicken souvlaki and the spicy shrimp appetizer. Their location is great due to the huge open bar that faces the center/main floor of the epicenter. They can open or close a huge door to bring the outside in on warm days. The staff are very nice and helpful. The food comes out pretty quick. I've never had a bad experience here. It has become one of my regular spots.
2	Our waitress really let down the side here in a huge way. While the food was great, it was very apparent when we were waiting 25 minutes between our starter and our mains that she'd forgotten to put in the second part of our order. And then we were waiting and waiting to catch her eye to get a check. It's not that big a restaurant, but she spent at least five minutes with her back to us watching the bartender making drinks and there was no one else we could get for her attention.We had the parmesan fries to start and they were excellent. Crispy, hot, fresh and lots of parmesan on there. Big portion.For mains, I had the falafel wrap with a greek salad. Tasty and delicious, the wrap had all the right stuff in there and the salad was much more "stuff" and very little lettuce. Very good. My daughter had the crispy chicken wing starter, but as her main. She enjoyed it - they came out very hot and very crispy. Nice.But wow, the service.
3	So, there's some good (food), in a great location (epicenter), with medium to high prices for this kind of Greek food, with some room for growth in service and food offerings. More good that bad though... So, I hope this review helps some people willing to try this new restaurant. If it helps, PLEASE let me know by selecting the button below. Feel free to ask questions. Net - it was good, with very good potential, but has some areas for improvement. I was fortunate enough to have been invited to an event at this new restaurant in epicenter. This is great venue with a terrific layout that made socializing easy! I was so very appreciative to have been invited and was floored that the restaurant closed their doors for us. Thank you Nikki and thank you IOS. Overall, the food was good but I have a little constructive criticism as the restaurant works on continuing to develop. I really loved their chopped salad with their "green goddess" dressing along with a slice of the pita bread. Mouth watering good! I was disappointed to see a few things - the setup was done in a way where they only we're able to put out a little at a time, and it was all in a few small trays on a side table, which meant a very long wait to get to taste their yummy food. The wait could have been greatly alleviated with a larger set up - maybe something to keep in mind for the next time IOS does a large event. I was also sad to see they frequently ran out of dishes - seemingly just as I was about to get to try them (as I was queued up in line.) Additionallu, they "ran out" of hummus. Which, was just odd - considering its a staple food in any Mediterranean restaurant. Then, we looked over and noticed they were making to-go orders and had a large tub of what appeared to be hummus.In their defense, I suspect they allowed a certain amount of food for the event and that amount had been used up. They likely had reserves because they were going to work in the kitchen on to go orders. Still it was disappointing to not get to have any when my 40 min wait was up in line.Now, I was lucky enough to try a few bites of their main proteins - chicken and lamb for gyros. The chicken was good - clean white (not fatty or poorly trimmed) chicken breast. Now... The lamb, OH MY!!!! The lamb was juicy, moist, and incredibly well seasoned/marinated. It was great - I could really see myself going back for that along with the salad and green goddess dressing.I would have liked to sample a more diverse menu with a larger offering - but what we tried (salad and proteins with pita) were good.The general manager and sales manager also greeted our group and told us about IOS.Here's the scoop: IOS Is a new trendy Greek restaurant on the lower level of the epicenter. It just opened in May. It has a small footprint, but that still affords plenty of seating. They also have a nice full service bar. I cannot speak to their drinks, I went with diet soda during my visit. They also offer takeout, delivery if you work or life nearby, ms if you're staying at the ALoft hotel, they bring you their dishes for room service. The epicenter has parking for at least $10, BUT (TIP!!!) if you go across the street it's half price parking.I thought the food was good - overall. I thought their chopped Greek salad with green goddess dressing, and their lamb was indeed memorable. For the event, I would have liked to see a different layout - one that reduced waiting time, a more consistent flow and volume of food for the number in our group, and was sad when they ran out of meat as well as hummus. Would I recommend IOS Greek kitchen, yes! I think it's a great new restaurant with a lot of potential.I sincerely hope my honest review has helped some. And for those who haven't been here yet, give a try... Definitely worth a lunch trip or take out (or delivery if you're local). Did my review help you out or provide useful and unbiased insight? Please let me know by clicking the buttons below. Questions and tips always welcome.
5	Great location!  Great service.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was good.  We ordered the calamari, spanakopita, and the meat sampler.  Everything was delicious!  We will be back.
