5	Everything about PHX BIKE is custom.Palmer Kelley has opened a micro-sized shop in downtown Phoenix (Central/Monroe), but the customer service for me was huge.  He builds bikes from scratch, but he also has vast knowledge of BMX, fixed gear, and vintage bikes, too, like my old 50s Triumph.I was trying to replace a broken Brooks B72 saddle, so a friend advised me to call up Palmer on a Friday morning.  He was enthusiastic about my bike, and said he had a couple of Brooks distributors he worked with.Palmer was generous with his time and expertise, and we placed the order for a Brooks B66 and slender leather grips by the end of the day.Palmer emailed me an update on the delivery date early the next week, and by the following Thursday, he had installed the new saddle and grips.  On my way out of the store, we noticed a fraying break line, so he switched that out too.  The saddle angle was too steep, so he adjusted that as well -- all the while I knew he was trying to get out of town for the weekend.  I appreciated his patience and willingness to make me happy with my bike.There was a miniscule upcharge on the saddle and grips, and the break line replacement was $8.I'm so grateful to have great customer service from a downtown bike shop.
1	When I went in, I was hoping that I had found my new go-to bike shop.  Small but in the neighborhood, Palmer seemed very knowledgeable and eager to help when I needed a bottom bracket for my bf's bike.  He said he was ordering it that day it should be there in a couple days, so I should bring my bike back that following thursday.  Great!  But when I went back on thursday, I went around 2pm and there was no one in the shop.  There was a sign on the door that he would be back in about 15min or less...I waited about 30...no one showed up.  I called later and he said they he hadn't received the part yet.  I asked him to call me when he received it...he asked me if he had me fill out anything when I came in earlier that week....nope.  So about three weeks went by (and we had already went to tempe bike since we hadn't heard back from him. ) he called me and said that he was really busy and has had the part in since he saw me walking my dog two weeks ago, but he just never called me.  Umm...yea that doesn't help me much.  If you're really looking to have a successful business in downtown phoenix, I suggest that you actually help the customers that are looking to start spending money with you.
5	I could tell from the moment I walked into PHX BIKE that this shop was going to be able to help me. It reminded me alot of my neighborhood bike shop, 718 cyclery. Even though I was there for a bummer of a reason (my fork bent on me!) the experience at PHX BIKE was a good one. Lucky for me the owner was working that day and even though I was only going to be in town for a few days and I needed my bike up and running before I headed out he was able to use his good relationship with the manufacture to speed up the process of getting me a new meaty fork.  The fork he suggested has worked out great for me. Even though I was just purchasing a part the owner took the time to listen to my requests and specific requirements. It was truly a custom experience.  Glad to see AZ finally has a rad custom bike shop.
5	Came across this shop while at the deli next door for lunch. I had been looking to buy my first bike in a long time and been to some of the bike shops around town only to receive luke warm responses. Not PHX Bike. I walked in and saw a cool, small, local shop and knew I was in the right place. The owner Palmer was enthusiastic and pumped that I wanted to get a bike. He took his time explaining things that I should look for and didn't treat me like some like an outsider. So, I did some research on his recommendations and a few weeks later went back ready to buy the bike he reccomended. I was stoked, but I think Palmer was even more stoked. As I was walking out he said, "You're going to have a new bike in a couple days!"This guy is knowledgeable, genuine and I look forward to being a long time customer.
5	I had an on-going issue with a slipping cog on my fixed gear bike. I had other local bike shops swap cogs for me but they would always slip, some even to the point of putting loc tite on threads, changing lock rings, different brands of cogs... to try and stop it which still didnt help.  Took the wheel into Palmer at PHX Bike and have not had an issue since.  He cleaned up everything, reinstalled the cog with a DuraAce NJS lock ring, and sent me home with proper track bolts to replace the chain tugs. I talked to him about some other upgrades and he was happy to show me everything he had to offer.  A real genuine guy that loves to build bikes.
1	Seriously? I'll try to be objective. This place will sell you garbage at Picasso prices. My tire went flat. My tire went flat in the ARIZONA SUMMER. I was on my way home, and took it in. I had just bought the worlds shittiest lock there for a couple gold bars, but I figured okay I'll give them another chance cause I'm super rich and can afford to make mistakes over and over again. The 'experts' at PHX bike listened to me explain my heatstroke induced theory that I possibly let the air out of the tire when I tried to handpump my road tires. I usually only make the same mistake 5 times and have since realized that it's difficult/impossible to use a minipump on road tires so I'll stick to handpumping myself. They told me that 'IS NOT POSSIBLE' with less yelling than the caps imply, but proceeded to just pump up my tire and not look at the tire itself - despite declaring that what I said amounted to a larger pile of bullshit than all their price tags combined! I even bought a standing pump from them!  The proprietor there declared them the best pumps at that price anywhere and stated that's why he buys them because of how great they truly are... Gold star!  20 seconds of market research when I got home showed me he was full of shit or he totally digs garbage : http://www.amazon.com/Pedros-Domestique-Floor-Bicycle-Pump/dp/B000IZEHDS. I got a block away before the neon light letters in my brain spelled out F.U.C.K. My tire was flat. There was actually a leak in my tire. Optimistic conclusion: this place is run by a guy whose hobby is bikes; it is not his passion. His passion is making money and ripping people in the hood off. If you know NOTHING about bikes stay away from this place. I hear Landis is better. If you know anything about bikes then it doesn't matter what I say cause I'm sure you already know to stay away from this place anyway. And now a silent prayer this place burns down.
3	I twisted the valve off my front tire this past weekend. It was quite a frustrating event. But it gave me the perfect excuse the check out PHX Bike: replacement inner tube! Dudeman behind the counter wasn't especially friendly, but that could have been because I went to a bike shop and asked if they carried inner tubes. Derp, I get it, But they aren't on display and I'm a visual person. Anyway, I showed him the size of tube I needed (I cut it out of the deflated one) and he says "Eight bucks". Okay, I need it. And thank you very much.On the plus side, "service" was fast and I'm supporting local business. I could have gotten this is for about $5 online, so I don't think this place's mark-up is outrageous. I would like to have given an higher rating. It's just I felt like asking an ex to change a tire, like I was more of a tired burden than a potential loyal customer.
