3	So The S family was in Vegas this weekend for a wedding, and I put in a call to my Las Vegas liaison, who recommended Waverly's for nice dining in NoLaVe (um, North Las Vegas, c'mon!).  Tucked in the dimly-lit corner of the new-but-second-rate casino The Cannery, Waverly's serves up juicy steaks and other meats juicy, flavorful, and hot as hell just like they deserve.  The staff were so attentive that they were almost constantly apologetic.  This came in handy when due to a large party, our dinner was delayed at least 15 minutes.  Luckily we had the two dark, moist artisan breads toasted to perfection and doused with butter to whet our collective whistle while whaiting a WHile.  I had halibut-the best halibut I've ever tasted, and nibbled on the S's veal (tender and covered in yum) and prime rib (almost quiveringly rare but delish).  Good wine list, tasty side dishes, and good atmosphere compliment the mighty meats.  Prices are appropriately high.  Check it out if you need steak and you're in NoLaVe.
3	I ate here on a comp and the service was very good. the food was OK, the rib eye steak was a little tough and no flavor, the lobster bisque was quite good though. The prices were somewhat reasonable. I mean, you cannot really expect high quality on these prices. Also, it is at the Cannery and I do not think they are gunning for a 5 star rating. The place is nice and clean. This place could either be a hit or a miss. For a steakhouse the prices are better than others and it's worth a second visit.
4	I had brunch here last Sunday and I would have to say that the Rib-eye steak was awesome. A perfectly cooked medium rare with soup ,appetizer platter and dessert buffet  for around $24 is a pretty awesome deal for me. The service was very good. The meat is most likely not "PRIME" cut but for the price it was delicious. This experience this time around was way better. I would definitely eat here again.
1	Had Dinner there. Bill of two for an Appetizer - 2 steaks - No Dessert - and 2 Glasses of house wine came to $ 111. Waiter was serving a very large party so our service was sporadic. Steaks ordered Medium and Medium Well. Both steaks arrived on the rare side. Sent one steak back - when we saw it again it was charcoal black. This had to be done for spite - Manager would not come to the table until after the steak was removed and offered to comp the appetizer. Their Au-Gratin potatoes are boiled cubed potatoes covered in Cheese-Whiz. Poor Beef Quality, Service and Management.Don't Gamble your Dollars on this place.
4	Waverley's is a reasonably priced steak house in the Northside Cannery. The atmosphere is nice, service was friendly, and the food was very good. First, their bread basket is really yummy, with a nice variety of warm breads served with whipped butter.  Onion soup was excellent with a rich broth and plenty of luscious melted cheese on top. My Filet and Lobster entree was wonderful and cooked perfectly. My date's prime rib (end cut) was also outstanding.For sides, we really enjoyed their creamed corn and sauteed mushrooms. The only thing I didn't love was the sauvignon potatoes, which were slightly undercooked.While not THE most amazing dining experience, it was a solid meal and a pleasant experience, and I would happily return.
3	A perfectly serviceable steakhouse; nothing to recommend it over other steakhouses (both food- and ambiance-wise)... but if you're in the area and want steak, this will do! Reasonably reasonable prices ($35 for petite filet, $20 for chicken) and bland-swanky decor...sort of like a Marie Callender's of steakhouses, for boring married couples or retirees on budgets who never go out to a steakhouse. If you rarely go out, you'll dig it...otherwise, it's pretty solidly Meh. In fact, I would have given it two stars...except it gets an extra star for its blessed un-pretentiousness (no stupid all-caps name, no deconstructed or fusion dishes, and no douchebaggy club music playing).
4	I went to Waverly's at the Cannery Hotel & Casino with a group of three couples on New Year's Eve before seeing a really fine performance by Anthony and the Imperials accompanied by a live 12-piece orchestra inside The Club.  Dinner offerings were limited to what appeared on a special New Year's Eve menu, so what was served was a bit atypical from what Waverly's normally presents.  But the food was not that far removed from this restaurant's normal everyday fare, which consists of fancy steakhouse offerings and fairly high-end Continental cuisine.An immediate hit this night was great fruit bread in a bread basket, which tasted like raisin bread but better.  Lobster Bisque was smooth and delicious, served in a bowl that contained a couple of big hunks of lobster which were tasty although lukewarm.  Unfortunately, the same was true of a generous helping of Roasted New York Strip Loin which was well-seasoned and tasty but not very hot.  But a warm Cabernet Wild Mushroom Demi-glace helped add some heat to the entree.  Immediately preceding the main course were deliberately cold crab cake and good shrimp served with greens, carrot pieces, cut cucumbers, a bottle-shaped red tomato, almonds, and bacon in an interesting array called Waverly's Chopped Salad with Shrimp.  Bacon Cheddar Au Gratin Potatoes were hot and cheesy, and good glistening green beans sufficed as a second fine side.Service was good, with very fast Iced Tea refills.  Dessert was another unusual treat, which I will call "The Dessert With No Name," since even the restaurant acknowledged upon being asked that it was a concoction Waverly's chef threw together, and did not name.  With pieces of apples and a creamy cannoli-like filling in a pastry shell resting on a plate that was drizzled with chocolate and caramel loops, it looked like apple crisp, and had "2012" artfully emblazoned on its top.  The dish fell apart quickly with a spoon, and tasted very good.Overall, this was a fine meal that would have gleaned five stars if only the lobster chunks in the bisque, and my strip loin entree had been served hot.  I had never encountered this type of problem here before when meals were individually cooked to order rather than en masse on a holiday.  So, I still regard Waverly's as the pride of North Las Vegas for upscale cuisine.
4	Waverly's Steak House is very unassuming from the casino. It has a single double door at the casino and it looks like it would be small & lowbrow. Waverly's is nothing of the sort. When you walk in you can see it stretch to the side and back. There are trees on the outside that mask the size from the outside. The decor is very upscale. If you come in in jeans they treat you as well as if you came in in your tux and fine dress. Waverly's is a fine upscale restaurant.Visit the link below to get a look at the menu. I decided to go with the Rib Eye on this visit. I started it off with a Caesar Salad which was delicious. I was surprised by it's size. Much larger than I would have thought. There was just the right amount of dressing & cheese, and the croutons were crunchy and had a lot of flavor to them. My steak was prepared just as I had ordered it. Medium rare all the way through. That taste was wonderful. Some times I have ordered steak and had to add some salt to give it some flavor. That was not the case with this Rib Eye. It was tender, juicy, and full of flavor the way a good steak should be.I choose a Potatoes Au Gratin as my side dish. The potatoes were about an eight of an inch cubed. I am not used to potatoes being served that way. Especially an Au Gratin. I tell you though, this was one of the best Potatoes Au Gratin I have ever tasted. The cheese in the potatoes let you know it was there, but did not mask the taste of the perfectly cooked potato. The seasonings were just right. I did not have to add any extra seasonings. I do have to say, if the order were doubled, it still would not have been enough. And the order that came was not small.My wife had the lamb and a side of mashed potatoes. My steak was so much I did not taste the lamb. I had a few bites of the mashed potatoes though. The potatoes were so fluffy and light. Whenever I have had potatoes that fluffy in the past, they were also watery. These were not like that at all. They were so light, fluffy and tasty they seemed as if they could just float away. My wife tells me me lamb was very tasty and cooked to a perfect medium rare. This evening my wife and I choose just to have water to drink. So, no info about the wines they have. Sorry.The service was pretty good. It started off excellent, but at some point they might have gotten overwhelmed. There was a period of over ten minutes that no one came by our table to give me a refill on my water. I had to stop eating my steak while I waited. I needed a drink. A bus person finally walked by the table and I flagged him down. He did promptly get me a refill on my water. He was also very apologetic. That is what has saved them from a very low service score. I do have to add, that a lot of people came in at that time and all the servers were very busy seating and arranging tables. Maybe that is what happened this time. When I got back to my steak, luckily it was still warm and wonderful.
2	I'm giving it 2 stars. the food is good ,overall dining experience was good, but this review is for the price...seriously we had the beef Wellington dinner that had potatoes and carrots on the side..$40 the meal itself, I wouldn't have paid no more than $25 and that's still a lot. The pastry was way bigger then the meat and burned on the bottom, the salads are separate we paid 200$ for 4 of us and I honestly could of eaten at a strip big name 5 star that was a 4 coarse meal for that price, I mean I guess If you have the money and you don't even care because the economy is beneath you than be my guest, but if I'm gonna pay for a meal like that I wanna say I spent my money well. Food is good but NOT WORTH THE PRICE THEY ASK FOR ,you could eat at Texas Road House/ Outback same kind of meal for cheaper....that's the truth!!!
4	On a recent return to Waverly's, after dipping into the Bread Basket, I enjoyed an interesting Escargot with Mushroom Sauce, a nice alternative to the traditional Escargot Bourguignon or Escargot with Garlic Butter Sauce.  This was followed by a tasty and cheesy French Onion Soup with a large, fast deconstructing crouton.For an entree I paired a very good medium-rare Petite Filet enhanced by good house-made Bearnaise Sauce, with a fairly sweet Lobster Tail and Au Gratin Potatoes that were quite yummy.  This time there were no temperature problems with the food; everything was served hot.Service was fine and friendly, and seating was comfortable in wooden armchairs with uphostered seats.  A large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream was a great counterpoint to an excellent, rich Molten Lava Cake.This was a delightful 4-1/2 star experience!
4	Excellent - have not been here in two years, since our last meal was exceptionally Bad. However after being told it's been under new management for over a year and getting positive feedback, we gave it another try. First - the reason I did not give it Five Stars is the Prices. They are approaching High Dining with one appetizer, two dinners and no alcohol near 150 dollars (including tip) for two.We had the Baby Spinach Salad with Strawberries and caramelized pecans in a house poppy seed dressing (excellent) in nice presentation bowls. The Crab Cake appetizer consisted of chilled crab meat topped with lettuce,tomato and avocado with some excellent sauces. Surprisingly refreshing and unique, but missing the top quality LUMP Crab Meat the dishes price implied. Two Filet's - one Medium the second heavy medium, were both excellently cooked, fork tender, and the wine reduction sauce added a nice flavor.Side orders of Creamed Corn and Loaded Baked Potato were generous and as expected. The service was far above average and made for a pleasant experience.I would definitely recommend Waverly's - but only with a partial comp or other discount..
1	My husband and  I recently went to Waverly's as we so often have done in the past.I ordered their 10 oz Sirloin Special expecting to get the same quality of meat and thickness that I had received in the past.  When i received my steak this time, it looked like a very "thinly" cut piece of breakfast steak.  I have eaten better looking steaks at a cheap buffet.  It looked as if they were running out of the special so they had to compensate with a cheaper cut.  If I would have known this to begin with I would have ordered something else.  I happen to like sirloins and believe me, you can get a much better steak from OUTBACK.When I brought this to the attention of the waiter and manager, they offhandedly said that I had received an end cut.  I I had a center cut of the sirloin like I did before, it would have been a thicker cut of meat.  Where is the quality control here?  One day you get a center cut and the next time you might get a breakfast steak????????????For a self-proclaimed upscale restaurant, this should be inexcusable.  I was not offered an apology or compensated for an inferior and smaller cut of meat.  Needless to say, there are a hundred different steak restaurants in town and I will not be returning to Waverly's.
1	Bad service, bad food...too bad...was hopeful. To explain: Waiter didn't care, server didn't say a word, manager wasn't pleasant, all disappeared when we asked for assistance. Food was just awful. Salad was over dressed with no flavor cream dressing, the medium well steak was pastey, tasted like bad liver...etc. Talked with the food and beverage manager...he was pleasant and listened attentively. He said he would talk with staff at the restaurant and offered us a comp upon our future visit to the restaurant. No thanks! We do like the Cannery, and Victory's coffee shop isn't bad...but Waverley's is a no go!!!
5	This place is honestly one of my husband and my favorite places to eat a nice meal.  The decor is wonderful and comfortable.  The booths huge you.  And the staff is amazing.  This last time we had a new waiter eddie, who turned out to be really great.  Our usual waiter even stopped by the say hi to us!  This place makes you feel special.  The food is phenominal!  everything tasts wonderful, and the wine is the best.  I am always excited when we plan our dinners here.
5	Servers were on their toes and the 3 course meal was awesome. They offer different items each night for the 3 course meal option. Ours was the salad of choice or soup, bone in filet choice of potato and the vegetable was  asparagus. The entire meal was awesome, filet cooked and seasoned perfectly the garlic mashed potatoes were also very tastey. The desert that followed was as amazing as the rest of the entire meal although at this point i was full and could not enjoy the entire thing.
5	I am never disappointed when I go to Waverly's. The food is delicious and I love the fact that I don't have to go on the strip to get it! The customer service is A+ and then some. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you looking for a place that has an upscale flare without breaking the bank and without having to travel to far.
4	Came here for a casual dinner and that's what we got.  The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and helpful.  The breads were great and came with an in-house made lavash which was OUTSTANDING!  I ordered a ribeye, oscar style and it was pretty darn good.  Steak was cooked a perfect medium and the crab with sauce was awesome.  The asparagus was slightly under cooked for my liking but that's just me.  Wife's steak was a filet, well done, and it was moist and juicy.  We both ordered bacon cheddar potatoes.  They were thinly sliced (scallop style) and good.  Good price for a local steakhouse with quality and atmosphere and food 10x better than Outback for a few bucks more.
4	Don't be scared off by the cannery ...this is indeed a darn good steak house in a very mediocre casino. once we got over a reservation snafu when we first arrived  ..it was onward and upward from there. food and service are first rate. what makes cannery even extra special is that prices aren't nearly whats charged for similar food out on the strip. I had a delicious 16 oz. rib eye served perfectly medium..my wife had what she termed "award winning" blackened salmon and my son had a nice slab of prime rib. potatoes come with all the entrees. our waiter and his helper worked their butts off on a very crowded evening. Even the hostess/manager was assisting with delivery of meals. a true team effort. cocktails were potent...restaurant has an attractive ambiance....its all pretty positive and a very good value. After dinner we wandered outside to see America in 100 degree heat. great evening!
4	As another Yelper said, don't be alarmed that this establishment is in a casino, it is worth the trip there. The service from Fredrick was exceptional, all we're on point! Food was fabulous, we were a party of four and everyone was very pleased with their meals. We will be back, the only downfall of the evening was wading through the sea of smoke to and from the restaurant, but Waverlys itself is smile free.
5	The prime rib was excellent, the service was excellent. Our while dining experience could not have been better
5	Amazing service! By both Frederick and Todd. And pretty much anyone that worked there. Food was unbelievable. Delicious and worth every penny.The parents and I decided we will definitely add it to our once a month dining experiences. :)The dinner special is a bargain and includes dessert ($30). The lobster tail was on point and with the warm drawn butter - super amazing. Oh yes the white chocolate bread was unreal...yes I said white chocolate BREAD.
4	For the Cannery Casino...A plus! The staff in the restaurant is good The food is good! Nice to go there when they run specials, or expect a pricier menu...Not sure why the entire casino can't be run the way Waverley's is...
5	Started out at the bar with a martini.  Atmosphere was inviting.  However they need to lose the portraits of fruits & vegetables on the wall.  Piano player was very talented.  Our server, Nils, was a PRO at their menu.  All his suggestions were well advised. He new the menu & product well. Started with the chopped salad and added house vinaigrette which was very fresh and flavorful.  Had the Portobello Frittes with pesto aioli sauce appetizer - all was fantastic!!!  Service was outstanding - manager came by to ask about our meal.  All staff was attentive. Had the shrimp & crab type of spicy gumbo over Jasmine Rice and the Macadamia Nut Crusted chicken.  We'd recommend both!!!  We'll be back in.
