3	Their cable and internet are not best. But, the local service people are super nice.
1	Okay so I get free basic cable because on the subdivision I live in. So while I was at it I added internet thinking well what the heck. I added internet to my free services and the fun began. And my low rating of this company. I got the internet installed on a Saturday. It worked for 24 hours or so before never working again. All tech support could offer me was to unpkug the modem and see if that helped. Really? So they offer to send out a tech, in TEN days. Again, really? The cable works most of the time the internet is a few hours a day- I will say my overall experience has been pretty poor. And their cable prices are sky high, I wouldn't give them a dime for their cable if it wasn't free I'd still have Direct TV. Another major annoyance is they run a credit check for free basic cable- (this was before I even inquired about internet) Why I asked the rep would you run a credit check for a free service being paid by my HOA? She had no answer.. honestly- be very weary of Orbatel. The internet is slow and unreliable and the cable is barely a step above.
2	After my internet problem was solved (installer plugged me into the wrong port and left old fittings on the lines according to the new tech that fixed it) overall the people you talk to are super nice- the cable and internet are just really not up to date...
1	Avoid this company at all costs.  Internet service is garbage and TV isn't much better.
1	This company has been nothing but trouble since day 1!!We waited at home all Saturday morning for the installation appt and when they didn't show up we called their office and the tech claimed to have knocked on our door yet did not bother to ring the doorbell. When I tried to re schedule they told me I had to wait another week OR go pick up the equipment and install myself. The tech claimed to have called my cell phone but when I asked them to confirm # with me it was off by 1 digit because the lady that opened my acct wrote it down wrong. Then when I got my 1st bill it was $40 more than what they had quoted me when I signed up. I called to discuss my bill with them and have been speaking to random people who cannot explain why my bill is so high. I've asked to speak to a manager or to have a manager call me back since they are always "unavailable"to go over the bill so I can pay it off and i am still waiting for a call back as of today(needless to say, I've called at least 10 times since April 10...... Today is April 30) and I still not received a single call back from them. I am shocked this business is still open with their HORRIBLE customer service. I canceled my service after receiving my first bill and have been with DirecTV since and I would strongly recommend DirecTV anyday
1	I had 3 years service at 3-4 stars and now their video service is crap. Ever since the 'digital upgrade' last year the service drops out for a minute 2 to 3 times an hour (I'm serious) more when there is a big sporting event or news story, as does the audio. I pity their office staff and installers for having to represent this service. The direct data speed is ok (the data and office staff = one star). I only kept this garbage for a few months because I'm moving. New customers, beware!
