1	There were 3 cars in the parking lot and people walking to the door but the young lady closed the doors at 9:51pmThe young lady spoke through the glass for atleast 4 minutes explaining she would not open the doorsI live behind this location but I may not return. There is a Walgreens off of 7th Street...
1	I wanted to transfer two of my dog's RXs from another store to CVS for the $25 promotion they offered with these transfers. The pharmacy assistant refused to honor it at the pharmacy because I didn't bring the coupon. I asked the manager if they would honor the gift card without the coupon and he said, sure, "Tell the pharmacist I said it was fine." I did, then the pharmacist stalked over and chewed out the manager and came back and said, "He shouldn't have told you that!" Customer service rule #1 violated: Don't argue in front of customers.#2: Don't be rude to customers.  My other prescriptions will remain at Walgreens.
2	The guy that's always checking people out is on crack or something. Don't ever mention anything about working. He will not stop complaining about the company.
1	Never never never utilize this place for meds.The pharmacy staff is completely useless.Meds never on time even though promised.Personal information sheet left on pick up counter  for anyone to see or walk away with.The joke of a pharmacy tech who couldn't be bothered with you as she chats on personal calls in front of you instead of addressing your needs.My experiences here have been so over the top negative that I had to pull my prescription out and contact both corporate as well as Sankyo(the drug company that makes my one hypertensive medication)to complain about the myriad of issues including blatant HIPPA violations that were the norm for this location.Aside from the pharmacy,a good deal of the staff seem to be very much on the tweaky side of the fence...The store manager is pleasant enough,but if he can't clean house of the current staff,it would be in his best interest to get the hell out of that location.
4	This review is for the Pharmacy. The staff here is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I've been coming to this location for years now and have never had a bad experience! The pharmacists are all very friendly and have wonderful attitudes! They are sure to take their time to make sure you understand everything about the medication you are about to be taking and are awesome about answering all your questions.  The waiting area could use a make-over and I only say this because I've been to several other locations of CVS and they are all new a updated! This one needs a face-lift for sure! I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.  I believe the worst part of this location is the homeless people hanging out front, but besides that the service has always been fantastic!
1	My Girlfriend had a kidney stone - this location is 100 yds from John C. Lincoln hospital. She is a tough girl and SELDOM shows pain - this kidney stone had her getting up at 2 am, didn't wake me until 5 am when she said "Honey I think you need to take me to the hospital."She was in severe pain. Hospital gave her Morphine and Toradol for pain. Sent her home w/ 5 prescriptions. We sat first in line at 7:55 am at drive thru waiting for them to open. I told the pharmacist "She is having a kidney stone and needs the meds for pain as soon as possible if you could. Thank you."2 HOURS Later they call.I ask (after paying the $135 cash) "Do you prioritize orders for people depending on acute pain situations." Standard pat 'corporate clone robot' heartless insensitive answer from the first person. Pharmacist comes over (the person we had spoken with and that had 'helped' us at 8:05 btw opening 5 min late may not be a 'big deal' to them, but when you are sitting there waiting with your girlfriend having a kidney stone, those 5 minutes feel bad), I'm still polite and asking sincerely, he says "I was the only person here this morning, I have to do them in order as we receive them, I had kids who needed antibiotics." Well HIRE someone else then! Let's see antibiotics vs. Acute Pain...hmmm...could perhaps the antibiotic wait the extra hour instead of us? Does that take a 'smarter than a 5th grader' to figure out!? apparently so at least for CVS and their stellar employees.OK - so NO nuance of prioritizing depending on need. Got it.No sensitivity to client spending money for 5 prescriptions. Got it.Are you listening Corporate CVS? I'm not really blaming the 'programmed robot clones' but rather upper management for not having the in sight to install some 'CARE' in their purported HealthCARE!Will not use CVS again. Walgreens here we come, we'll try anywhere else.
