5	If you're looking for the best place to purchase your health products, go to Apple Wellness!  I first discovered Apple Wellness through Groupon. I checked them out online and decided to make the purchase, and I am so happy I did. I first went into Apple Wellness with my mom, and the owner Tim greeted us as we walked in the door and helped us out right away. I had an idea of some of the products I wanted but wasn't exactly sure what the best brands were or which supplements I really needed. He was incredible helpful and extremely knowledgeable. He showed me which products he thought were the best, explained the benefits of each, and helped me pick the best combination of supplements based on my needs. Then, he helped my mom figure out what was best for her. She wasn't really sure what she needed, so Tim asked her questions about her health, fitness and lifestyle in order to find the products that were best for her. He clearly took an interest in our personal needs and desires and wasn't just trying to throw products at us that we didn't need.  Overall, I was incredibly impressed with Tim's amazing customer service, knowledge of the products, passion for his business, and genuine interest in the well being of his customers. I continue to shop at Apple Wellness and so does my mom, who lives over an hour away. The second time I went in, over a month later, Tim remembered me and asked how my mom was doing. It was a great feeling and showed that he really cares about his customers. I genuinely trust Tim's advice and recommendations, which is something I never felt at other health stores. Tim and his wife Becki started this business because of their passion for health and wellness and it really shines through in all that they do.
5	This is the place to go for all your vitamin, supplement & nutritional needs!  Tim and his wife (owners) are friendly, educated and not too pushy.  I initially found Apple Wellness via Groupon, but over a year later still go back for all my vitamins, protein powders and anything in between.  Tim took the time to get to know me, my daily habits and my issues before working on a package for me.  Now he recognizes me every single time I walk in and recommends new products, less expensive ones and has even noted products I could do away with because of other products purchased.  He truly loves what he does and is there to serve you.  Great business, great products and the best service!!  **I even moved to Milwaukee in the last year and still drive back to visit Apple Wellness!
2	Went to Apple Wellness to browse their probiotic supplement options, but what I got was an unknowledgeable store rep trying to back me into the overpriced product that HE wanted me to buy.  I'd rather purchase Ultimate Flora for $34 on Amazon then spend $50 for the same product at this store!  Won't be back.
4	Great selection of herbal supplements and homeopathic remedies. Excellent customer service - friendly AND knowledgeable.I wish the products were cheaper, but they're no more expensive here than at any other store of this type.I was the only customer in the store while I was there. I hope this place survives!
5	After many years of shopping at GNC, then Complete Nutrition I am used to high pressure sales of specific products.  Apple Wellness was different, in a very good way!  The owner Tim is usually there, and will help you pick out what you're looking for if you need it, or leave you alone if not.  I discovered this store on Group-on, but continue to go back!  Oh and free shipping is always a plus!
5	Do you have a health goal?  Do you want to improve your health?  Do you have an ailment?  This is the place to go.  During many visits you will see the owner and when you don't other helpful courteous staff will be at your service.  To me this place is like an adult candy store.  I've purchased proboitics, protein powders, and other supplements.  There is quality selection for all budgets and options.  They also have a low cost membership that gives a discount on purchases.  Get on their email list for occasional sales promotions.  Support your health and a local small business at the same time!  Cheers to your health!
4	I LOVE Apple Wellness and I absolutely love working with the store's Assistant Manager Dave.  I first stopped in still very new to Madison months ago and Dave has always steered me in the right direction. I trust him completely with any health issue I may have and I've definitely seen results every time!  The customer service, the engagement and passion he has is so wonderful! Thank you Dave for always taking time with me! I highly recommend.
5	This store is amazing! A wonderful, friendly, family owned business. They always seem to have the supplements and products I need, and if they ever don't carry something, they help me find an immediate substitute or they will order the brand I asked for. The owner, Tim, and the manager, Dave, are so helpful. They recognize me and greet me by name. They are extremely knowledgeable about nutrition, supplements, natural skin & beauty products and natural food. They are constantly learning and share what they have learned enthusiastically! They are so accommodating, will answer questions by email, phone or in person, and they will even bring an order out to your car! (parents bringing kids out on errands, take advantage of this! You don't have to get those kids in and out of car seats again!) They also price match to the internet, so if there is ever a "deal" online, they always match the price, and I get my product immediately without paying for or waiting for shipping! The store has a great kids area, and they are so kind to the kiddos. Apple Wellness is one of our favorite stores!
