5	One of our favorite hotel in Vegas. This property is off the strip, but only 9 miles North-West from the South Strip: the great restaurants are just 10 minutes away, using the direct Summerlin Parkway and South 15 Freeway.This is a true Oasis with great Spa and Golf opportunities. A peaceful refuge, perfect for those of us who don't like to be surrounded by a massive lazy sweaty crowd all the time. This hotel used to be the Regent Las Vegas, but the Regent (5-star) chain decided to sell the property to Marriott. The star rating is kept, but the prices are not as outrageously inflated as those of the Wynn, Venetian, Caesar's Palace, Bellagio or any of the other big names.The hotel features 2 buildings. We always prefer to stay at the Spa Tower, where the main reception desk is, because the other one is a bit far away (10 minutes walk or so). The hotel has around 460 rooms, which is about 1/3 the amount of rooms at the South Strip hotels. This means that you don't have to walk a hundred yards to reach your room. And a little bit more personal attention...5 floors total, surrounded by lovely Golf Course and with a view towards the mountains in the North-Western part of Las Vegas. A decent size casino with very friendly atmosphere, not too smoky, and quite new looking. The Spa is called Aquae Sullis and features any type of massage or treatment. It also has a full modern gym, sauna, and hot tubs outdoors. The swimming pool has an interesting irregular shape and is good for families and lounging, but it can be also used to do some laps if you are really enthusiastic (in my case, I get too lazy, especially with 110 degrees)... There is a bar that serves beer, cocktails and soft drinks. And some burgers / salads / Mex junk foods, which I really don't recommend!The rooms are some of the biggest in Las Vegas. The bedding is of highest quality, ergonomic, firm but comfortable, very clean. 2 choices: 1 King size bed, or 2 Queen beds. All rooms have a coffee-maker with some free coffee, wet bar with refrigerator, 36 inch TVs with cable (latest hollywood stuff and lots of porn..), a walk-in closet with large safe deposit box (electronic personalized code), iron/board, fan light with dimmer, 2 Bath Robes, etc. Oh, and high-speed internet (via ethernet cable)- unlimited access costs $10 per day- also a decent value for Vegas.The bathrooms are larger than the room itself; they feature a very pleasant clean Warm-White or Napoli Yellow marble. First thing you see when you enter is a huge 3- or 4- person triangular Jacuzzi bath-tub, surrounded by mirrors. Bring your own Bath Salt, candles & champagne. AND YOUR LOVER, gees. A separate shower, all brass, with Rainshower + conventional shower head... Toilet is of course separated, with a door for more privacy.So... Get crazy! Take long baths, shave, epilate, squeeze oils out of your nose (using the provided electric magnifying mirror), or simply poop away in perfect harmony while listening to your favorite TV show or some music via the wall-mounted speaker, connected to your TV (with a volume control knob...). A phone is also thoughtfully provided next to the john, in case if you feel sudden urge to call yo mama! Shampoo, Rinse, Shower Gel, Moisturizing Body Lotion, Mouth-wash and 2 French Milled Soaps are provided daily.This hotel has also some decent restaurants, even though, we never really got to check them out. By the way, they also serve Starbucks coffee in the lobby, often, and have a Starbucks within the complex- next to the spa and casino...I recommend avoiding Vegas in the hottest summer days, unless you are a sucker for sauna & scorching heat... we returned yesterday driving through the Mojave Desert and temperature outside was 122 degrees F... ouch. I was scared by the thought "what if my car breaks down... what if my air-conditioner dies on me?"... anyway...But definitely give this hotel a try. Bring your signif. other + some aromatic massage oils, candles, insence, champagne... When you do the reservation, you may be able to find discounted deals via the Marriott websites. They have AAA etc. discounts, and often they include a free pizza or movie into the deal (AKA family package). For the same price on Travelocity, Expedia or Hotels(dot)com you get nothing extra.Enjoy!
4	There's more to Vegas than the Strip.  I recently spent two weeks at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Spa & Golf  Resort.  Located in Summerlin, the luxury hotel is less than a half an hour's drive from the heart of Las Vegas Boulevard.  If you yearn for the neon of the Strip, take advantage of the complimentary shuttle to/from the Fashion Show Mall, across from The Wynn.  Otherwise, enjoy the elegantly manicured 50 acre property complete with spa, buffet & casino.  & a mini-24 hour Starbucks!  As you know, the gambling never stops.  You may run out of betting chips, but you'll never be deprived of caffeine...  As long as you keep your coffee card preloaded.  I stayed in one of the hotel's Estate Suites: Large bedroom, walk-in closet, 1.5 bathrooms & a separate living space with wet bar.  The terrace stretched the length of my unit on the 6th (top) floor.  Although there is a $10 charge for every 24 hour cycle of Internet access in-room, it's a much better deal than the $5 fee for 15 minutes on the ONE COMPUTER in the Business Center.  Bring your laptop!  Ethernet & telephone cords are provided.Surprisingly, the fitness rooms offer more than 1 treadmill & 1 set of free weights.  The equipment is clean, presumably because it is rarely used.  Everyone seemed to be indulging in sin instead of exercise.  I, of course, am among the guilty.  I just visited briefly out of curiosity.4.25 stars -- Overall a great place, but I had some problems with service, clogged drains & FLIMSY ear swabs.  I despise wussy ear swabs!!Check out my photos for more about the entire resort...  I will also be writing additional reviews for the spa, buffet, pool, etc.
5	I stayed here recently when I was in town for a convention.  The resort is about 10 miles from the strip, but since the convention was taking place onsite, we decided to stay here for two nights (we stayed on the strip our last night).  It's a decision that I don't regret it at all.  Entering the drive into the resort we were immediately impressed (I recommend renting a car at the airport for easier access to the strip and other offsite locations).  The resort's expansive grounds and building facade are immaculately kept.  Walking into the lobby and through the halls reminded me of visiting the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.  We stayed in the Palms Tower (and not Spa Tower, as other reviewers recommended), but were nonetheless very pleased with the size and amenities that our room offered.  Our standard size room was bigger than some suites that I've stayed in!  And I took full advantage of the relaxing jacuzzi tub in the bathroom.  The convention center is in a separate building attached by a short outdoor walkway to the main complex.I only wish I had more time at the JW Marriott to explore its many amenities and services.  Had I been wiser, I would have skipped the convention activities and gone straight to the spa!
4	Can you handle the heat? If so, this is a great place to visit during the summer (and other times).I've wined, dined, & gambled at this establishment literally dozens of times over the past decade and continue to enjoy the property. I've never stayed here, though, as I typically stay at a friend's home located nearby or elsewhere around the city depending upon my needs, wants, and offers from other properties. Favorites:-  Gorgeous property-  Irish pub -  Amazing pool area (for guests only - supposedly)-  Blackjack tables-  Angel Park - Mountain & Palms gold coursesI haven't been golfing for the best part of 3 years (injury), but I loved playing these courses, especially the mountain course because of the expansive mountain, valley, & Las Vegas strip views. Very reasonable prices during the summer if you're a local (or a straight faced liar like me). I've even golfed here twice on prior New Year's days while grotesquely hungover because I just had to keep those tee times.I also have enjoyed the steakhouse where my friend & I would have a martini, filet mignon, & a glass of red while getting re-powered for the evening's activities. A notable event of a few years ago:The steakhouse is directly across from the nightclub. While my friend & I were dining, I noticed two tall women standing in line to get into the night club in the body painted birthday suits. In other words, 100% naked. The caused quite a pleasant spectacle. (Sshhh - don't tell Deb).
4	it's about a 10 mins drive from the strip but well worth it. I enjoyed staying at this hotel and my favorite part was the Spa. The treatment rooms were awesome and the aesthetician there gave me the BEST wax ever. I felt like no pain and they were extremely professional. The gym is also the best gym i've ever been to. Each exercise machine had its own LCD tv. I would recommend this as a spa-escape place.cons:- ethernet and wireless internet are 2 separate charges. I think it is extremely dumb to charge me for 2 types of internet connection!- food at the restaurant sucked however pricing was reasonable
5	I had my wedding here.  I do love the excitement of the Strip but what I like more was the beautiful landscapes, the pool, the spa, the service, and most of all the space to roam freely without a hooch messing up the background of your pictures.The have a huge gym and spa area with classes. The cabana service at the pool was excellent (run to starbucks for me? thanks). Our room was one of the suites- larger than my silicon valley apartment.  The whirlpool bathtubs and rain shower are a bonus.It's worth the drunken cab ride from the strip to serenity. If you need a gambling fix you can go to Rampart. Or if you don't want to go to the strip- you can go to Red Rock down the way-more hip and modern...that's another review in itself.  Shopping fix- there is an outdoor shopping center down the way.  Or you can take the free shuttle to the strip.We'll be back again.
4	I stayed here recently while passing through Vegas on a road trip to LA.  I'm not a fan of the Strip at all, so I liked the far off location.  This hotel was like a beautiful oasis in a city I otherwise detest.  The pool, the spa, the landscape - everything was gorgeous (except the icky casino).  The rooms are HUGE!  Very well done too - everything had been recently updated.  I was dying to get into the spa bathtub, but just didn't have time.  The pool area is also really large but get there early to get a prime spot in the sun (or under the umbrella).I had to take a star away for the lack of decent restaurants.  There were like 5 or 6 on-site, but they were all kind of crappy.  And avoid the Irish pub on Sat. nights - the band is GOD AWFUL.
4	I've been lucky enough to be a hotel guest, a meeting attendee, and a conference planner at this resort, and I must admit that this is a great facility, and the everyone that works here seems to go above and beyond.First, the rooms.  They are very spacious with great amenities, including the most comfortable bed on the planet, a walk-in closet, and a patio or balcony that opens up to the center garden area.  As a dude I'm not usually one to get caught up in a bathroom, but the bathrooms here are amazing.  They have a HUGE whirlpool tub along with a shower that has one of those big raindrop showerheads that is right above you.  Very cool.There are quite a few restaurants here, ranging from a buffet that usually seems to be filled by the "blue-hairs" there for a quick bite before they get back to bingo, to an authentic Irish bar that has great beers on tap and even better food.  It's the place to be for Steeler's games, as local fans flocked to the place for a Monday night game while I was there.  There is a huge pool area complete with beverage service, a large casino area, and even a full service spa.  It's quite the place if you want to get away from the craziness of the strip and enjoy some relaxation on your vacation.  There are plenty of golf courses nearby, and the Red Rocks recreation area is a short drive away, great for mountain biking and hiking.In regards to meeting planning and conference attendance, there is a separate meeting area that has great meeting spaces for both small breakout sessions to large exhibit hall areas.  The staff was absolutely wonderful to work with in planning an event and definitely went the extra mile for all parties involved.  Even the food service they provide for events was great (it's tough to make mass-produced chicken for 500 people taste like it was individually prepared just for you, but they made it seem like that was the case - delicious food all around).  I'd highly recommend this facility to anyone planning an event, either big or small.
4	You know how there are some hotels that you stay at and it's kinda like staying at a slightly nicer version of home? And you know how you go to some hotels and it's more like you're moving on up to the East Side? And there are still other hotels which make you feel like you put every penny you had on black and it came up red and that's the only kind of hotel you could afford? Well, this ain't none of those. Somehow, the JW Marriott feels like like a 5star hotel the first minute you open the door to your room and slowly, it grinds downward from there to a point that sticks you with a reminder of exactly what you're paying for. It's not a bad joint, but you wonder how much it's really worth. Now, I have little right to complain about the price. I was up-graded to a really nice Suite when I was working a convention at the JW. It was 159 for a room the was the size of my girlfriend's apartment with a bathroom that was the size of my apartment. The bathrooms are huge, with a jacuzzi tub and a show with two shower heads, including a rain-type overhead one and a seat in the shower. It was a fantastic place. The room had a Murphy bed, which is always fun. The Entertainment Centre was average for a resort like this. The food options were pretty good. The Buffet was good without being Rio-type overwhelming. The Coffee shop was good, with variable service. The Irish Pub-thingee was good, though it served no real Irish food instead serving really good English Pub fare. The Convention Centre was nice, with a lot of different room sizes and was really good for a small convention. The grounds were beautiful with feral rabbits roaming around and they were really cute. The Casino allows smoking, which means that if you're sensitive to smoke you have to go through the outside heat to get to the towers. That's troubling. Overall, if you have the extra bread to spend, go and you'll have a good time in a comfy room, but it's hard to justify payign full price if you ain't got a tonne of dough.
5	The most gorgeous hotel room I've ever stayed in, for sure.  The bath tub alone is worth it.  We had a basic room with a gorgeous view of the grounds.  The pool is pretty and relaxing, closes at 7 though :(  There are plenty of good restaurants.  Never did check out the buffet.  Might get to come back with the bf's family again next year!
4	No doubt this hotel is nice.  The rooms, particularly the bathrooms, are spectacular.  Service is also great and the staff are exceptionally friendly and handsome, holding open doors and elevators.I spent three nights here and was able to check out everything but the Buffet.  The place is very clean and well kept and offers a surprising range of amenities.  We stayed at Mandalay Bay last time and I had a hard time keeping hydrated during the multi-mile treks across the place.The faux Irish Pub is marginally more interesting than a Bennigans - offering Guinness does not an Irish Pub make - with slightly overpriced mediocre food.  The Japanese restaurant was a nice treat and pretty good.  The cigar bar was a nice looking retreat, but that was about all.  The waitress was great, but the poor girl was sent into battle with no ammo.  The cigar bar had 5 whole different kinds of cigars and NO CAPTAIN MORGAN's!  What kind of a bar, let alone one in Vegas, runs out of CAPTAIN MORGAN's?  They practically issue a pint to everyone who visits an ATM down here, but I digress.  The casino is a responsible size and very friendly.  The crowd is a mix of retirees and conventioneers.  I didn't seem to see many locals, who I am told favor red rocks down the road.The rates are very reasonable and if you want a relaxing vegas vacation without the chaos of the strip staring you in the face every five minutes, this is a great choice.  Summerlin is a short drive from downtown or the strip.I could have gone 5 stars if they had more variety in the dining department.  Everything else is pretty good and certainly a good choice for a convention or conference.
5	How does this place not get a 5 star? Everything about this place is top notch swanky luxury. Rooms are huge, bathrooms are nice, jet tubs, phones in the toilet, lovely view, great pool, access to casino with low limits, what more can you ask for. What blew me away most is the service. Everyone is so nice here. You ask for a towel to your room, they call you within 5 minutes and says there's someone at the door with your towel. The rooms have a nice um, balcony kinda thing that you can't walk out but get some fresh air. The gardens are super nice. We saw a bunch of rabbits in the evening and night time! too bad they are so shy and I couldn't get them on camera. Well, i guess the only OK thing was their buffet. Nothing to write home about. but if you want buffet, drive 15 minutes to the strip. Despite the distance from the strip, this hotel is right off the freeway so it shouldn't take you more than 15 minutes to get to there. This place lives up to the JW name.
4	Hubby & I just got back from a night at the JW Marriott. We booked it through Expedia for a decent rate. The hotel itself is large, and is connected to a casino. We LOVED the room, especially the bathroom; both were suprisingly large, and the bathroom was fabulous - giant jacuzzi tub (big enough for two!) and shower. (The room and bathroom could've both benefited by flat screen TVs, though.) The hotel's grounds were nice, but not spectacular. The casino connected to the hotel was an obvious favorite of the "retired" crowd, and completely reeked of cigarette smoke (worse than any casino we visited during the weekend). The drive back and forth to the Strip got old after the third time, so if you're wanting to be a part of the action on the Strip, this might not be the place for you. Nonetheless, a nice hotel.
3	really nice place to gamble, but bring your own Oxygen:)
3	My husband and I stayed here for a couple of nights for a work function.  Although the place is a little far from the strip, I think it is a great place to vacation at.  We arrived there pretty late at night.  The front desk people were very grouchy about checking us in.  They weren't too bad- but because we look a little younger than the old fogies that check in there, the lady that was checking us in was all about checking our IDs.  It was late at night and we were not in the mood for that stuff!!!  We just wanted to get checked.  I understand that she may be doing her job, but she should've at least been courteous and not be so grumpy.  I like to think that she was having a bad day.The good thing about our stay there was that we had a great big room.  Our room had a hallway that lead to our humongous bedroom and living room.  We also had a beautiful bathroom that had a jacuzzi and a shower.  It was lovely.  We had to go there for a convention for work, so we were able to enjoy our room for a couple of days.  The staff was very helpful and so nice.  The room that we stayed at was very clean and tidy.  It was extremely comfortable.They have a great restaurant and buffet.  There's a midnight special for those that are casino card holders - where for both my husband and I, we only paid $5 for steak and eggs!!  What a deal!!  They have a couple of other restaurants to choose from (which we didn't get a chance to eat at, because we wanted to go on the strip).I guess that's the crappy part about this place (aside from the lady who checked us in) - is the fact that it's so far from the strip.  Regardless, I still had a great time and might come back to stay here for a night or two.
4	Stayed at this hotel with my husband for a work conference.  It seems that this is the only reason people come here unless they want to play golf.  The drive from the strip to the JW Marriott is at least 30 min, making it extremely inconvenient if you want to enjoy anything in Las Vegas proper.  The grounds are extensive and the pool is lovely.  This hotel is massive with lots of restaurants and food options inside, including an irish pub.  The rooms are nice with great linens.  Of course I visited the spa here!  The main highlight of this spa that makes it unique is the massive waterfall-esque showers.  After spending time in different hot and cold baths I walked up to one of 3 separate showers that when you turn on, a torrent of water comes rushing out about 9 feet above you.  Be sure and stabilize yourself to prevent being thrown against the tile floor.  The sensation is nice, and feels almost like getting a deep tissue massage from the water.  This spa also has a lovely outdoor area where you can lounge and dip yourself into several pools.  There are also the usual amenities such as tea, fruit, steam and sauna, plus a large gym.
5	As a Marriott platinum member I am used to very good service. These people raised the bar. We went there for our 25th wedding anniversary with me needing mega help to design and execute my weekend event. With the help of the two concierge ladies, I pulled it off. What was amazing was that they became part on may planning team guiding me through ever step. These two are the gold standard for Marriott people! I have dona many corporate events using Marriott, but this one was above and beyond. We will always stay at this Marriott when in Vegas!
5	nice room, granite countertop bathrooms, jet spas, balconey views, golf course, gym, food court.. sounds good but cmon it's a hotel in LV. the entire hotel took up probably 2 acres? but it was HU. MUN. GOUS. oo yea and the view for the pool was beautifulll. the only two things i was unhappy with was the fact that the wholeeee place was filled with seniors. i mean, we were the only young ones there and we just kept getting stared down everywhere we went. the distance from the strip was also a pain in the butt. the cab fare was $40 almost everytime one-way.
2	OMG, why are so many people giving this place 4+ stars?!  I think I know the answer....they are all over 50 years old.  And have not stayed at truly nice properties.Problems as I see them.1. Geography...this place is a $50 cab ride from the strip2. The last hotel shuttle leaves the strip at 11PM (Seriously, WTF)3. The casino is lame and has ZERO attractive people - unless you like blue haired ladies or old dudes that smoke and play slots4. The room, while large, is only average and who wants a view of the casino roof?Honestly, do I need to continue.I give an A+ to our conference organizer, since they have finally found a place that is as inescapable as Alcatraz Island (although, I did that triathlon and manged to escape..Muwahahah)
2	Came here for a conference so I didn't really have a choice. Everyone here is 60 years old+ and smoking cigarettes while sitting on their go-carts. Casino is lackluster. You're in the middle of nowhere ($60 cab to the Strip or airport). And, the straw that broke the camel's back for me...they charge $25 to use the gym, then offer a free gym that's a sweaty crowded room with no towels and two treadmills.In defense, the room quality is pretty good.
4	I stay here frequently when I have guests coming in from out of town. It's about 20 minutes away from the strip, located in the beautiful town of Summerlin, there is a golf course right across the way, Rampart Casino is connected to the JW for the gambling fix, they have an amazing spa, and a gorgeous pool! The service is always on wonderful and the last time I stayed they upgraded my Jr. Suite to a Full Two Bedroom Master Suite. Two of my friends were in from out of town and the upgrade was not only a treat for them, but for myself as well.Thank you for the wonderful stay-cation! =)
3	I give this three stars for anyone under the age of 40.This is a beautiful property with flowing streams an waterfalls surrounding the resort and a spectacular view of the mountains... but if you are looking for the typical, exciting Vegas experience... I would look elsewhere.It is a $60 cab ride from the airport and almost the same to the strip. They do have a free shuttle, but it only runs a few times a day. There are only two restaurants and a buffet on the property that are open before dinner. Also, the casino attached is rather small, but had some nice attributes like low minimums and friendly dealers.  The rooms were also a little dated, but they were comfortable and I am sure were top of the line at one time. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was huge with a separate jacuzzi tub, double sinks, water closet, and a speaker that played what was on the television (sounded broken though).There seemed to be a nice golf corse on the property, but during the summer at 113 degrees... I would suggest hanging out by the pool. If you are looking for a quiet, out of the way place and enjoy hanging around the older locals... then you might want to check this out. Next time I'm staying at the Encore.
4	We stayed here for three days prior to going to the strip. If you want Las Vegas STrip action this is NOT the place. If you want a nice resort for some R&R then this is the place. I guess if you had  large group you could create your own party, but don't plan on finding one. The resort is nice and we were upgraded to a great patio suite room only after a 4 hour hassle, but it was worth it. The spa is $25/day and although not the best for working out it's very nice, not sure if I would say worth $25 though? However you can opt out if you choose. The pool is great and plenty of lawn seats. It is July so I it was prime season. The Ceres restarant serve an AMAZING 3 course meals for $29/pp and the Promenade cafe was a great cheap breakfast. The casino is pretty smokey and caters to the 60 plus, but you can go to Red Rocks Casino down the street for a night. I didn't think the pub on property was that great, but typical bar food. All and all a nice place to stay, but maybe JW might want to look into a litlte remodel down the rode.
1	At Spiedini, Mark -our server- was a let down. After the main course we were completely ignored. When we split the bill down the middle the waiter added a gratuity without mentioning it anywhere on the bill. There were only 4 of us!
5	Wonderful service. I mean, wonderful. I ate at a few of the restaurants and all of that was great too. What's the chink in the armor? It's not close to the strip...but if you're like me that's a huge plus. I don't like crowds, I'd rather have more space & less of a crowdy experience. If you have a car you'll be able to head to the strip fairly easily. We headed to the strip for a show but aside from that all we needed was at the resort.
1	Knowing I was to be in Las Vegas for a weekend, I was attracted to the idea of a "resort and spa" a considerable distance from the Strip.  I am a Marriott regular due in part to their international "no smoking" guarantee.Well, their Las Vegas Resort did not get the "no smoking" memo.  Their casino was every bit as foul as, say, Binion's in 1939.  As far as the "resort and spa" is concerned, their pool was closed.  The guy said they close it in winter.  It was 69 and sunny and it was a perfect day to swim -- yet the pool was useless.The "junior suite" was a giant room with a TV armoire in the middle.  The TV was old-style and small.   The Housekeeping staff was annoying.   The fitness center cost $25.   Parking close to the hotel was valet-only -- I could not self-park a Porsche.  The valet could not figure out how to lock the car door.
5	I booked a golf package for the weekend which included two rounds of golf daily at TPC Summerlin which is located within minutes from the resort. The friendly front desk attendant upgraded me to a one bedroom, large living room and two bath suite which overlooked the golf course. The suite was in located in the Palms Tower and was located a short distance from the main lobby but has their own valet service and is a short walking distance to the Rampart Casino, spa and several restaurants. Valet parking is complimentary here and all the valet attendants provided expeditious service. The spa here is very large and offers spa treatments, salon services, contains wet and dry steam rooms, hot and cold Jacuzzis and even a waterfall shower which was so relaxing. The spa has a large fitness center and offers yoga and various classes throughout the week. I took a yoga class on Saturday afternoon and the female instructor was good - nice workout. I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely return here in the future.
3	Just not impressed when you compare it to other Marriott's or hotels that stay on top of their accommodations.    It is a ways from the strip. I knew that going in so I won't fault them for location, but I did underestimate how far off it was.  The quick 10 minute drive is more like 20-30 minutes from parking lot to parking lot.    The staff is very friendly and I do appreciate the service, I'm just accustomed to everything being more prepared.  The last thing I care for after a long flight is staff knocking on the door to drop off things that hadn't been prepared before checking in like the extra pillows.    I also appreciate the little things the most like free internet (which the JW does not have) and a LCD or plasma TV I can connect to my HDMI laptop. These are important to me.  I can get free WiFi at McDonalds with my $2 egg mcmuffin, but have to pay $10 for WiFi at a Marriott??? I also like to watch a movie from my laptop after a long day and not being able to hook up my laptop to the TV is annoying.  Another thing that would be nice would be an alarm clock.  There isn't one in the room.  Really???  Overall the room is fairly comfortable but having trouble getting it warm (coming from Florida, it's a little chilly in the room even with the heat turned up).  The heater or pipes or something in the wall sure makes a lot of knocking and rumbling sounds throughout the night as well.  Another personal quirk of mine as I'm a really light sleeper.  The room is nice though even if a bit worn.  Outside the room, the hotel looks nice as well with the water streaming through the grounds (it's just too cold to enjoy it all).  Restaurant choices leave a little to be desired.  The Irish Pub is the only thing that looks appealing unless you're into the cheaper buffet type food found in a typical low cost cafeteria.  I didn't try Ceres because I'm more of a Steak or Burger kind of guy than a Tofu and Watercress kind.  Over all, not a bad experience though, just not what I'd hoped for.
5	Tranquil and lovely...this is the perfect place to detox after a long stint in Vegas. Their marble floored rooms and balconies exude peace and their fitness facility/spa is exquisite. The beds are extremely comfy and the room service prices are not only reasonable, but the food is delicious! Love, love, love this place. One downer...there was one staff member who was extremely snooty and condescending to me until she realized I was an Elite member. Everyone else was fabulous, though!
3	Rooms are nice, food is good, but the service is sub-par. Not what you're used to at a JW Marriott.
2	This is a big place.. but rooms are just okay.. a bit outdated.. i had ants in my bathroom..
3	Review for casino only:  I have a like/dislike feeling for the casino.  The casino is relatively small and easy to navigate once you know the layout and develop tricks for getting from one area to another the quickest way.I do like some of the games they have in video poker, but they have a limited inventory in my favorite-Spin Poker.  I also find that there seems to be a lot of older women who like to smoke and bang the keys.  No wonder so many machines show problems with their buttons.Generally, the casino is a fairly quiet place.  Today it was not so quiet.  it just got to me today.  With so many other choices, this is one of the last places I choose to go.  I was here today to meet friends for dinner and the Promenade Cafe.  Otherwise, I wouldn't have been near the place.
2	this place is like a waste land! Of course we had a suit, I couldn't imagine our stay if we didn't. The huge hot tubes are awesome. Other than that... The grounds were so terrible, poor palm trees.. We didn't even bother to eat food there, it smelled putrid. The staff is friendly and helpful. The casino is like one of those shady casinos out of an 80s movie. lol
3	If this hotel did not have a JW before the Marriott, it would earn a solid 4 stars from me. My experience, however, with JW's has been really good and this place just does not rise to that level. Rooms are nice, quiet, and large but decor is a bit dated. Restaurant choices are not that good. Food selection from the poolside kitchen is very limited and disappointing for a "spa". I didn't mind that it was far from the strip, in fact, that was a draw for me. Children's activities are limited to the pool (which doesn't have a lazy river or slide) and a volleyball court. Bocce ball court is there but the kids couldn't get into that.All in all a decent place but I think it doesn't live up to the JW experience  I have had elsewhere.
5	Prep visit for the annual IECA fall conference - deal with great people all over this property.  Frank Idris - Director of Resort Operations, Shana Teal, Front Desk Management and the wonderful Denesye in Concierge and Guest Services. Marriott's finest phone staff -  Nilay Munoz and Rene Brietske in central reservations were crisp and professional too.  This is a wonderful property with a brilliant staff.  Thank you.
5	This place brought me some great  memories. Although I don't frequent Vegas as much as I used to, a former "friend" and I used to go there whenever I'd visit her, so I've stayed there many times. The rooms were spotless and huge. A HUGE plus was the jacuzzi in the bathrrom and the large shower. The grounds were fantastic and plush, along with the restaurants. The pool was just as nice. I think the next time I go back to Vegas, I'd more than likely stay there.
5	I was looking for a place away from the strip that was non-smoking for our mini getaway. We have a 4 year old son and just needed a place with a nice pool to soak up some sun and relax.  I found the perfect spot for our family! The room was enormous and the service was excellent. I was impressed with the streams that run throughout the property. The pool was amazing!! It has a huge waterfall and everyone there was nice. It is in a nice area. Surrounded by nice restaurants, PF Changs, Cheesecake Factory, and great shopping locations. Not too far from the strip if you want to go to a show. If you're a party animal and want the wild Vegas experience then you better stay at one of the strip hotels but if you're family oriented and want to lounge by the pool then have a nice dinner nearby, then this is the place for you. Most of the reviews mentioned old folks but I'm glad I booked before I read them cause that wasn't the case at all. I love this place and will come back every summer.
2	We rented a Cabana for an afternoon to relax and enjoy this beautiful pool. The grounds and pool are one of the best in Vegas. Unfortunately the service levels do not match the venue and the cabanas are sparse and not worth the price.The pool attendant was nice and did stop by a few times and brought more water when we asked for it. The problem was with the wait staff. Our server visited very rarely and made us feel like we were an inconvenience when we order drinks and food. Also must say that the food was not very good. We ordered 4 or 5 appetizers and I was not impressed with any of them. I will look for a another pool to relax next time. Too bad such a great venue cannot spend the time and money to train the staff.
5	Stayed here with a "Romance Package" which included champagne and strawberries, one spa treatment (facial or massage) and breakfast in Ceres (where our bloody marys were comped). Our room was large and spotless.  There was a wide range of ages at the resort while we were there.  It certainly was not all "blue hairs" and people over 60 as others have mentioned..  It is also not a meat market, so go on the Strip if that's your preference.  This is a classy hotel for middle-income people, and they certainly know how to treat locals.
2	went to check out this joint the other weekend when i was in vegas.  its certainly off the beaten path or strip for that matter...was it worth the extra travel time to get to the strip...that remains to be seen.  the place looks nice but it has an old casino type of feel...and not in a good sense.so i may be back in vegas before year is out and if time permits...try to hit the golf course.we will see.....
5	In Vegas, you will find hotels that are newer or more extravagant than the JW Marriott, but there are only a few that can match the old school class and elegance of this excellent desert haven.  It's not the first place to come to mind when you think of Vegas, but it only took one stay to convince me of its place among the premier hotels in Sin City.  It's not perfect and the layout is a bit odd, but it's definitely a laid back Vegas experience for those wanting less hustle and bustle.  ProsFriendly staffClean and comfortable room - great bedNon-smoking propertyQuiet - feels more like a villa than a casino hotelFood optionsConsOff the strip - might disappoint those looking for a "classic" Vegas experienceNon-smoking propertyI don't know where to start because the whole experience was memorable.  From the super friendly check-in to the peaceful vibe of the resort property, I just cannot say enough good things about this hotel.  Other hotels try to impress you with how new or big their resort is, but the JW Marriott simply charms you with a combination of service and the desire to satisfy the guest.  If you're tired of the loud and hectic environment of the strip hotels, then you're in for a pleasant surprise desert getaway.   The hotel is off the strip - that's really my only negative comment.  I guess you can say that the hotel's architecture isn't as impressive as the newer monstrosities or that the casino floor is dead compared to the ones on the strip, but these things also lend to the overall character of the JW Marriott.  By the way, by not being on the strip, you avoid the usual drunk and annoying folks that you meet in the elevators and casinos.   The hotel is perfect for couples or families.  You won't get the typical Vegas experience but it's kind of nice being surrounded by golf courses and private homes.  The breakfast buffet was awesome - I highly recommend getting the breakfast at all JW Marriott and Marriott hotels: waffles and omelets cooked to order, not to mention the fresh fruits and other hot foods.  I will post a separate review, but The Carmel Room is a "can't miss" dining experience.  My wife wants to go back to Vegas just to eat there, again. There are only a handful of hotels that I like to stay at while in Vegas, and the JW Marriott is on that short list.  With specials, the rooms are quite affordable, and although it's a quieter experience than staying on the Strip - it doesn't diminish the Vegas experience one bit.  This hotel is an excellent example of the Marriott chain and makes me want to visit the other JW Marriott locations across the world.
1	They messed up my reservation! I originally made 2 reservations. One with an upgraded room and one with a standard room a week later because it was a lot cheaper. I called in to cancel the upgraded room and changed my arrival date to a day later. When I got there they said I got charged a "No show" because I was supposed to come the day before. They reimbursed my no show charge and gave me a "complimentary" upgrade because it was my Gf's birthday. I get to the room and it was definitely nice but when I looked at my key packet it said the price was the price of the upgraded room that I originally booked and canceled! I called the operator and they just gave me excuses. I only stayed here because I wanted to try someplace different. This Marriott is way too far from the strip than I thought and I won't be staying there or referring anyone to stay there ever.
5	This place is quickly becoming my go-to stay when I go to Vegas. 1st of all, I love Summerlin. :) As I get older, the strip is annoying, too touristy-filled, and crowded my for liking. I had my fun in my 20's there when we were in town virtually every other weekend- over it.I love this location cuz...1) the rooms are soooo clean, not to mention spacious, pretty views, and relaxing.2) Love the spa (review to come later). As an elite member, I always get room upgrades, and spa passes. I didn't have much time to stay at the spa on this past trip but it was 44 degrees when I woke up one morning and sitting in the jacuzzi, sauna, and steam rooms made my skin soft and not dry & flaky from the outside weather.3)  Casino is huge, and never overly crowded. I agree, the crowd may be more geriatric than "Gaga", and I kinda prefer it. Its not smoke-infused (my death from second hand smoke will be more gradual :p), and there aren't too much 'randomness' roaming the floor.4) Parking- for visitors, the garage has many options- and free. I never park far. Valet is easy and the guys are so nice.5) Restaurants- a 'real' Starbucks downstairs- plus lots of yummy options. Japanese sushi house, 5 star italian and french dining, and even the cafe has great entrees.6) Close enough to Premium Outlets, shopping on the strip, or even 'regular' shopping in Summerlin- and a Target right down the road - yay!! lolHighly recommend if you are over the scene on the strip, and smoky casino's downtown.
4	We just stayed here over the Veteran's Day weekend and it was quiet, serene and just incredibly relaxing.  The standard rooms are huge.  We were put on the third floor in the Promenade Building and we didn't hear anyone around us.  It was like we were the only people staying there.  (This is great if you are a light sleeper like I am and always waking when doors open and close, you hear the shower in the room next door, etc.)I love that the hotel is away from the strip but also you can easily access the strip as it's not a far drive away.The pool is big and there are plenty of chaise lounges, chairs and tables.  There are also two jaccuzzis. Note:  The standard hotel rooms have two person whirlpool bath tubs that are deep.  A huge plus!  ...and they don't take forever to fill... Hooray for awesome water pressure!Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to others.
5	I was very impressed with the overall experience I had at the JW Marriott.  The hotel grounds are beautiful, you feel like you're in a tranquil garden with streams of water and lush greenery all around.  The rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms are like spas with big bathtubs, a shower with a large rain shower heads, the WC is in a room by itself.  The bed was super comfy, I slept soundly.  The price was phenomenal (I booked and paid online for a nice discount).  The service was 5-star.  I was here on business and it felt like a vacation.  Thank you JW Marriott for surprising me!
5	After staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip during our 1st night in Vegas, we were eager for a change of pace. We checked in the JW Marriott and were a bit overwhelmed at the size of the hotel, however I must say this is the one of the BEST Marriott's that we have stayed in thus far (and we are Marriott rewards members, so that says alot). The service was impeccable. The staff was polite, attentive, and very helpful. We were upgraded to a Junior suite as a courtesy and the room resembled a luxury apartment. It was extremely spacious, the decor was classy, tile floors, and the bathroom was HUGE. Two massage shower heads, a large garden tub that 2 adults can actually fit into, a mirrored wall and two large sinks. Oh, and the bathroom also has a bidet (if you don't know what that is, look it up). It just doesn't get any better than that!!! I was sooo pleased with the room. It was exceeded my expectations and then some. The grounds of the hotel are pretty impressive and well kept.This hotel has pretty much everything that you need: spa, several restaurants, nice workout facility, casinos, bars etc. A few highlights: The casino is really nice and a far cry from some of the other casino's on the strip. There is a place called Lamont's where you can place bets on college/pro games, horse racing etc. It was a really nice spot, with very nice staff, good drinks, and just an overall good atmosphere. We ate at a couple of the restaurants, Ceres and Rampart buffet (I have posted a review for both) with great satisfaction. If I had anything bad to say, it would be that for room service, we ordered the steak sandwich, and it just wasn't that good.  Also, be prepared to walk a bit because the hotel is expansive, but it's good exercise I suppose. We will definitely be staying at JW Marriott for our next Vegas trip.
3	I'm not a vegas fan, but I came here for a company meeting.  It's a 30 minute ride from the airport, so it's away from the craziness of the strip.  I am not quite sure why people come here (other than for a company meeting). Probably just to gamble or play golf.  I know nothing about casinos but this one seems a little stinky and old compared to the ones on the strip.   There's an Irish pub,  and a Starbucks - both perfectly fine; and a couple of other restaurants (I didn't try them).   The room I stayed in was nice and the staff were friendly.  So I guess if you want to gamble, but be away from the strip it's a good option.  Not sure what else this really has going for it.
4	First impression: wow! This place is huge!Thanks to the elite member status, we got the welcome gifts!A bottle of wine, pretzels, fruit, and a bucket of ice.Oh wait, the bucket and the ice was not meant to be part of the gifts.Right after entering the room, the first thing that I wanted to do was dip myself in the jacuzzi! But since we have other plans, I only managed to do it on the 2nd day.I felt the water was very slippery, just like someone had poured tons of detergents into the hotel's water tank.The stay was pleasant. The environment was pretty quiet.Since it was not near the strip, the traffic was a lot quieter.Will come back: sure, why not! Will try the spa next time!
3	Nice resort that offers some premium services but is a tad rough around some of the edges. 1.  Edge #1, the smoke smell from the casino is pervasive.  The lobby, the elevator, the rooms.  It is everywhere.  It ebbs from present to moderate, to choke choke gasp.2.  Parking, it's a bit of a hike to park and most of the available spots for non-valet are quite a walk away from lobby entrances.3.  Food, they have some good options in the Casino, but none seemed truly outstanding.  All made us want to head off-property for other options.Some good items-Service was good at the hotel.  Helpful staff who seemed genuine. One note: asked the front desk to replace linens etc and tidy up the room before leaving the property at 4:30pm, and it was not done when we returned that evening.  Just some chocolates added to a messy room.  Oh well.  Slight miss.Internet was good in most areas and fast.  My particular room had low signal, but not bad enough to be inoperative.Bellmen were helpful with checked luggage.
3	The resort itself is nice, but I get the feeling that the casino part of the hotel used to be part of something else and the hotel was built around it. The casino gave off an older feel to it with the typically bad Vegas style carpeting and that cigarette stank that you could smell from all the way out in the lobby which is a good distance from where the casino is located on the property. The website raves about the 50 acres of lush gardens...but they are across the street as part of the TPC golf course. Additionally, the website claims that the hotel is smoke free. That would be great if the casino wasn't located IN THE HOTEL. The ventilation system must have been on the fritz because the smoke smell was noticable the moment you came in the door and went from present to waking me from a dead sleep choking on Sunday morning because it was so bad in our room. Ugh. Major disappointment. :( The food at the resort was alright. Like I said previously, the casino part of the hotel gave off an older feel and the restaurants located near the casino had that same run down type of feel which just didn't fit in well with the attempts to make the rest of the resort have an upscale feel to it. Our suite was nice though we didn't get the turndown service we had requested the first night. All in all, 3 stars is pretty generous and I'd say that it was because the spa was so nice that I'd keep it at the 3 stars. I've stayed in some amazing places all over the world and at best, this stay was just average.
3	Your first impression upon visiting the resort is likely to be of its large size. It was about a 10 minute walk from registration to my room. The large rooms are very clean and in good condition. There are jaccuzzis in most, if not all rooms. The grounds are beautiful.The casino is in the middle of everything and its smoke drifts to adjacent rooms. My room was a long way from the casino and was smokey too. It seems the management doesn't care to enforce the no smoking rules.The restaurants are average to below average. Neither restaurant I visited impressed me. Visit the strip instead for dinners.The conference facilities are worth four stars, as are their staff. They are attentive, timely, and also catered good food and snacks.Pros:Large size of the resort is good for groupsGreat conference facilities and staffRooms are largeJacuzzi!Cons:Smokey everywhere, even in the non-smoking roomsLong ride from the airport and the strip (might be good for some purposes)The resort's restaurants are average at best
3	very nice hotel, minor issues , if your in Las Vegas  then you will probably want to see the strip. The strip is a 15 minute drive away ,the hotel shuttle only goes to the strip 3 times a day , some people dont want to get stuck on the strip for 7 hours . I would think hourly would be good for travelers who have no transportation and don't want to pay a cab 20 bucks each way. Also I left my room at 9A.M  and came back at midnight and was told the maid had no time to clean my room, wow 15 hours to make a bed and give me new towels isn't enough time!  I thought this was a marriot !!! Motel 6 does better! It is a self contained resort with nice restaurants, nice big casino ,nice big pool. If your a person who is in Vegas for the strip, stay on or near the strip not here, if your in Vegas and the strip is no big deal but you want a nice place to stay, this is the place. Rooms are nice and clean,alot  bigger than normal, though mine had a second mini refrigerator smack dab in front of the bed, it must have been needed by the prior guest and the maids forgot to get it moved out.???I would stay again if the strip wasn't why I was there.
4	To be completely honest, I'm a fan of practically every Marriott hotel.  I feel that I should disclose this - and the fact that as an elite member, it is even better!  You should sign up.This was a "reward" trip to escape MPLS for a bit and soak up some sun and Vitamin D.  What I love about using my points to book stays with Marriott, is they don't treat you any different.  I was still upgraded to a room with an amazing view of the strip.  And that was about as close as we wanted to get the "real" Vegas. The mission for our trip was to lay out, relax and just enjoy doing nothing for a couple of days.  Do a little hiking, get a massage, eat, fall asleep in the sun - that was all I had planned.Located only 15 minutes from Red Rock Canyon and 30 minutes from the strip, this was an ideal location.  Free parking too, so that is even better since you definitely need a car.  The hotel was beautiful and a touch on the older side, but our room has a sweet jacuzzi bath tub! My first sign regarding the overall population of the hotel should have been the phone in the bathroom.  In my experience, this is only present when the hotel appeals to the older crowd.  Nonetheless, I had fun making phone calls from the bathroom the entire weekend. Families and Grandparents.  That is pretty much it around here.  Not a terrible thing, but it would help create a better atmosphere in the evening hours after 8pm :)  The casino and the buffet is where you could find most of the blue-hairs.  Drinking, Gambling and smoking - but not in a cool way.Overall, I really loved the hotel and would definitely come back for the same type of vacation.  However, I would plan on leaving the hotel at night to check out some neighborhood spots.
4	The one-bedroom suite was fantastic!  It's away from the strip and the frat-boy shenanigans (although there were some overly-tan Jersey boys that managed to sneak in).  The pool was huge - all sorts of people there so it make it comfortable.  There seemed to be a lot of wasted space throughout the hotel - tables and chairs placed in random spots like groups of people were going to congregate.  Kind of weird.  But other than that - the hotel was awesome!  My husband and I really enjoyed the Irish bar, as it seemed to be the only place that stayed open past 9pm.  Tried to get seated for dinner at Carmel Room at 8pm, but got denied since they were closing at 9:30pm.  Ok..... we dined at Shinzen instead.    Only complaint were all the kids running around.  Call me old fashioned, but Vegas doesn't seem like the most kid-friendly vacation destination.  I feel the same about kids and airplanes.  Kids should be seen, not heard.  Vacationing with kids? Go to friggin Disneyland and leave Vegas to the adults!
4	Very impressed with the hotel. It started with a very pleasant check in process. Lauren checked me into the room, she was extremely polite, efficient and just gave an overall general feeling of truly welcoming me to the hotel. Great employees can make such a difference in any experience. The rooms were very spacious with outstanding bathrooms. The large oversize jet tubs, separate tile showers with multiple shower heads that could be ran independently or together. Loved it. Mirrors everywhere.  You knew what every angle looked like before you left the room, good or bad. Bell staff at this hotel was also exultant and help full. I was there for a business meeting and we had the entire conference center. If you have a very large business meeting, this is a fantastic location to have it.Overall I was very impressed with the hotel.  Although I would prefer to stay on the strip, it's a great hotel.
4	West side off town and very nice off strip property.Has that Spanish / Mediterranean theme throughout the property.The rooms are nicely appointed and the suite I was in had 2' bedrooms, 2  1/2 baths, bar, living room and wraparound balcony overlooking the landscape and pool areas. Yeah I roll like that. Ok, service is good but not great overall. The Aqua Sulis spa is one of the best in town. Spacious, calming and very good spa to serve you. On the pricier side but they pamper you with massage, huge sauna and steam rooms with spas and water therapy rooms . Try it it's worth paying up.There are lots of restaurants and bars plus casino. 3 golf courses very close by too.Overall very good off strip resort. Especially if you don't like the hustle of the strip.
5	This was a last minute trip to Vegas. This time I wanted to stay away from the strip. Its a great hotel, very clean, all the workers there nice that we ran in to. Room was big. my wife loved the restroom/shower area. The price was right. (off season) its only about a 15 minute ride to the strip. I would stay there again for sure in the off season.
4	This was our thirdstay at the JW Marriott Las Vegas.We requested a balcony room with a view of the golf course, which was granted.As always easy check in, good food in the Rampart Buffet, Irish pub is great for some late food and drink with live music.We had a problem with the hot water valve sticking open on the bathtub on our first night, we called the front desk and a gentleman from the engineering department showed up right away to fix it.The only thing I fear is that the carpet and furniture in some of the rooms are starting to look a little worn, I hope this property is able to keep up with referbs.Don't hesitate to stay at this property for a relaxing Vegas getaway.
4	Spent a few days here in July with our kids (under 10). We chose this place for a couple reasons:1. Away from the strip2. Resort like feel3. Very Family Friendly4. Close to good name brand restaurants (it's not in the middle of nowhere)5. Not too far from the strip6. Have status with Marriot, and have had solid experience with JW's around the globeRooms: The double queen room was nice (in spa tower), not as modern as say the MGM Signature, but clean and tasteful. The views were great from the balcony (we could see the golf course, pool, grounds and stream). Service: Very friendly staff, check in and out were a breeze, Complimentary valet was great and vehicle was consistently delivered in under 2 minutesDining: We got the breakfast package (without the package a buffet for 4 runs ~ $60). Breakfast was good (smoked salmon, sausage, bacon, omelet station, waffles, pancakes, hash brown, cereal, fruits etc etc).  Totally worth getting the breakfast package. Did not have lunch or dinner from here.Public Facilities: Pool was awesome, maximum depth of 4 feet was perfect for kids, the waterfall was a huge hit for sure. Grounds are very well kept, there's a volley ball court, golf course, running area for kids, streams etc. Overall a very nice place. No loud mouthed party animals here, mostly middle aged couples with kids (which was perfect for us) and retirees in the casinos.There is an optional $25 resort fee, which is a pretty good deal if you do not have status with Marriott (depending on status, Internet, fitness center and spa are free). It includes spa and fitness center, Internet access, 2 bottles of water, golf balls, free appetizers and I forget what else.Overall, we will stay here when we come to Vegas. There is also a casino for those who have the urge to place a bet or two.
2	I stayed here for a week. Overall, not my favorite. Here is the breakdown...Pros:Nice poolPretty neighborhoods for jogging nearbyBig roomsLots of nearby golf courses, if you are in to thatCons:Free gym is horrible -old, smokey, small.Nicer gym is $25/day and only open sometimesCasino is smokey and depressingThere is nothing very close for walking. You need a car or taxi.Internet is $10/day. Annoying.
4	The resort and the Rampart Casino offer a great opportunity for a staycation! The pool and surrounding grounds are large and beautiful, and there is a variety of restaurants (Irish pub, Japanese, buffet, cafe, etc.) to choose from. There is also a Starbucks and martini bar.The nearby Boca Park offers more restaurants, shopping, etc. Bonus- This summer, locals can buy a day pass for the pool for $10.
5	Good for families or people just looking to relax. Not crowded!Pros: -lobby is tastefully decorated and has plenty of seating-clean spacious suites (standard rooms are around 550 square feet)-bathroom has huge tub with jets-price is around the same as better hotels on the strip i.e. Aria, Mandalay Bay -friendly staff (valet greated us by name every morning...Cliff and Rick are awesome)-beautiful manicured grounds -breakfast comes with hotel stay -casino is in the middle of the two towers, so you don't have to go through them to get to your rooms-resort fees are optional (as opposed to mandatory on the strip), so internet may cost you $10 a day (pay for it whenever you use it) or pay $25 a day on the strip whether you use it or not-delicious fluffy waffles for breakfastCons:-pool is a little small, but it doesn't get crowded-pool is cold, even in 100 degree weather it's freezing-15 minute drive from the strip -Palm tower is understaffed, you have to walk to the main tower to talk to the front desk for any issues-room keys are fickle at best, we had to have replacement keys almost everyday we were there-hallways are freezing coldOverall the stay here was wonderful. If you like Vegas for the clubs, the drinking, the buffets, and the gambling, then don't stay here. But if you want to come to Vegas to do all those things and maybe get some relaxation in too, then stay here.
4	First class joint (ok not a joint, it's a resort).  Really, really enjoyed staying off the strip in this classic tropical gardened resort with a great pool featuring caves and waterfalls.  The grounds at the J.W. make one feel like their in Hawaii, they did a good job.  The rooms and bathrooms are huge and really nicely done.  Only ten to fifteen minute drive to the strip.  Will stay again, the J.W. is number one for this guy in Vegas right now.
4	I have not visited the rooms (yet), just the main lobby, casino and bar.  The bartender at the Round Bar (?) did a great job mixing drinks and being friendly to patrons. The live entertainment at the bar was nice - we heard a singer/guitarist. When I got tired of playing games at the bar I sat at one of the comfortable lounging areas and listened to the musician and then the 80s music played during his intermission. It was Thursday evening and not crowded at all.  The casino looked like any other casino, but wasn't smokey when I was there.  Although I'm told they've cut back on the roaming servers, I saw the server more often than I have at most other casinos in town, however, drink service is naturally better when you're playing right at the bar.  The patrons tended towards older (50 plus, maybe?)The hotel lobby is spacious and very clean looking, and the pool looks awesome at night. I look forward to trying to this place out for a staycation.
4	Almost all the reviews are spot on.  Room size was amazing (just came back from Europe where deluxe rooms are so small in most places).  Beds are so soft and the bathroom was amazing.  Furniture was scratched up which I found a bit odd.Long walk to the pool, pool was great and very cold which was refreshing at 109 degrees!Nice touch was the lemon water in the lobby.  The casino was nice, slow and the clientele is mostly 55 years or older.  Posted some pics, read other reviews, they are all pretty spot on.
1	I am a local and enjoy spa hopping. Went to the spa and left feeling very disappointed! I made the assumption that for a $135 facial the amenities would be considerably nicer.     I was also happy about the 30% locals discount but felt a little strange when checking in there is an automatic gratuity added to the bill. To be fair I think you can go back afterwards to change the gratuity. So in the end the 30% discount cancels itself out.      I highly recommend going elsewhere.  I am sad to be such a bummer but I left there feeling depressed and ripped off.
4	I had a wonderful experience here. The staff was spot-on and they upgraded us to the largest suite I have ever seen. Lovely grounds, no resort fees, a nice spot off the strip and close to outdoor activities (i.e. red rock). The only room for improvement would be the gym area in the spa, and that's just me being picky. However, we had a great free workout in the grassy walkway and volleyball court. Yup, I'm ready to move right in!
5	Stayed here for 5 days on business. Room was huge!  And the ceiling fan was a big plus.  Work area adequate and Internet connection consistent.  Fitness center was well maintained.  Ate at a couple of the restaurants and really enjoyed them.   Would recommend if you don't want to be on the strip, casino is fairly small, but the slots were loose -- not too smoky.
4	I haven't been in the rooms but this place is gorgeous. From the road leading to the establishment being lined with palm trees, the lobby, grounds, outdoor area is exquisite! Very beautiful.The casino was on the quiet side and had a lot of seniors in it. If you're looking for a low key, relaxing trip then this is your spot. If you're looking for loud music and girls dancing on table tops, then you should stick with the strip casinos.
5	This hotel is incredible.  I was not too impressed with their phone etiqutte on my way over, but once I arrived, that all changed.  I was greeted by a delightful front desk clerk named Sandy, who was cheerful and helpful, despite a line of customers and stress.  She was very attentive and sincere and gave us exceptional customer service, even going above and beyond.  Not only does good customer service seem to be extinct these days, but she gave even more, beyond my expectations.  My husband & I came to celebrate our birthdays and had never been in this city before.  Sandy took the time to search and see if we could get a room upgrade, but there were none available; however, she patiently and happily took the time to check  thoroughly and though no upgrade was available, she did gave us our room with early checkin WITH an upgrade in the form of a view, which was beautiful, and also customized, attentive and friendly service.  Our room was incredible, amazing view, large tub with jets, and a luxurious comfort king bed.  This is by far the most impressive hotel we have ever had the pleasure to stay at.  The restaurants were great, the hotel spa was perfect, our stay was so wonderful, we wished we had booked to stay longer!  And when we checked out, Sandy was there again with her twinkling eyes and bright smile.  Her warm and caring demeanor truly represent the Marriott company with true customer service, professionalism, and helpfulness that Mariott should be proud of.  She single handedly turned a negative start into a perfect stay.
4	Nice quiet place to get away from the strip and indulge in a great setting.  The rooms are big and my room has a three person jacuzzi in it.  The rates are really low here as I am used to paying much more for a JW.  The check in lady seemed unenthusiastic about her job and I am dissappointed they don't offer any breakfast or concierge level perks here.  Nice to be able to golf at the nearby TPC course and not drive into town.
4	Ahh to be whisked away to a faraway place called the JW Marriott....ok maybe not "faraway" per se, about 10 miles from my house. But this place provides the ultimate staycation or just plain vacation if you're not from around these parts.First off, bring your walking shoes because JW Marriott is massive. Connected to Rampart Casino, just when you think you've walked the whole property, there's more! A beautiful courtyard, huge pool complete with waterfall and poolside bar, and perhaps most importantly, gorgeous rooms. This was the location of my best friends wedding. The wedding coordinator was so helpful and understanding of last minute requests or changes. The ceremony was held in their outdoor gazebo and reception held in their former nightclub, a great space with huge windows and breathtaking lighting. Even the standard rooms are beautiful and roomy. But the suites...oh the suites. The 2 bedroom version was larger than many people's houses and includes a wraparound terrace with great views. The junior suite is wonderful as well, super comfortable beds and sitting area. Truly a top notch property, it's a hidden gem for people looking to get away from the strip.
3	A beautiful, elegant place.  Had a large beautifully furnished and decorated room.  Only stayed there because conference located there.  I am a motel kinda guy and this place could only be enjoyed fully if you had money to shovel out the door for every little thing.  Only had free Wi-Fi because of conference connection, otherwise about $10 per day.  No free breakfast, free valet parking but that ain't really free.  Free park yourself and get your exercise at the same time - the fitness club was discounted to about $12 per day.
4	Came here via a comped room over the sleepy Thanksgiving Weekend and really enjoyed it. Had a large room on the top floor with a big jacuzzi and spacious bathroom. The bed was comfy, and the view overlooking the lawn and palm trees was pretty. In terms of cost and services, I really can speak only to a room service breakfast. Ding ding! Reasonably priced, very tasty in its variety and quality of ingredients (eggs, bacon, muffin, coffee, breads...) And maybe because it was a slow time, but from phone call to delivery was a speedy 20 minutes.Thought seriously of checking out the Spa for a yoga class in the morning, but alas, sleep beckoned. If you go wandering late at night around the first floor, past the restaurants and casino, a word to the wise: unsolicited playing and singing on the grand piano MAY get you a tap on the shoulder from security to cease. They'll be fairly nice about it, though! Would definitely recommend JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort & Spa.
5	Wow i mean wow. What a beautiful hotel this is. I love the JW I have stayed here 3 times this past summer and I love every time I come here. Everyone is very friendly and the service is just amazing really. I love summerlin area in Vegas and this place is the best place for me. I am not a strip going person anymore really but will only go there with friends or some other family members and etc.. but I will always stay at the JW no matter what. The rooms are absolutely amazing and the views that come with it are amazing also.  The bathrooms are amazing with a big jacuzzi in them. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to stay away from the strip and go some where relaxing and just relax for the day. I highly recommend this place and probably will stay here during the summer next year when I decide to go to Vegas again.
4	This hotel was about perfect for me. Not on the strip, kinda quiet, no small children screaming in the room next to you. Simply awesome. There was a huge jacuzzi style tub in the very spacecous bathroom. The room had the nicest bathroom ever. The sheets and mattress super soft. Small walk in closet! Awesome! Even had balcony with beautiful views. Only drawback here are the restarants. Unless you want something besides breakfast food or a hamburger, go somewhere else if you want to eat. Do not order room service. You will be disappointed. This would totally be a five star place but those sh***y restaurants are bringing them down.
5	This is my first spa resort experience in the states and didn't I pick the right place!The resort features: Huge Jacuzzi in the bathroom; super comfy bed; great view and relaxing environment; first class spa and a lot more. We had spa access on the day after we checked out too. Would highly recommend this resort to anyone!
4	Came here for a staycation.  Everyone was friendly and helpful, and the room was nice and clean.  Got a one bed villa, and it was plenty big, with a sitting area, and huge bathroom.Really love the jetted tub....plenty big enough for two.  Showers were nice with the double heads w/ rain shower.  Had the robes and the bed was super comfortable.Room service was ok...I wouldn't order it again truthfully.  By the time we got it, it was only mildly warm and the price was around $50 for two.  Pay to play I guess.  They also gave the bellman the wrong room number, so we kept getting calls that the bellman missed us and another saying he was outside, but of course he was not.  Took about an hour to get my stuff, which is not his fault, but still sucked on my end, since I was stuck there waiting to leave.I'd stay again though!
5	One of the best hotels I stayed in Las Vegas for a fraction of the price and the best breakfast buffet. Well, it was like brunch every day, good thing we got the breakfast package with our room, it saved us quite a bit. The hotel is clean, the staff is well trained and prompt to help, service was perfect, we can't wait to go back.
5	I was married in July 2010. The day of my wedding, that was scheduled at The Mount Charleston Resort, I was told that I would have to find a new venue because there was a forest fire that was compromising our plans. We had approximately 150 guests in town, and as a young bride, I was outrageously stressed out. My father got on the telephone and began calling other venues in the valley, hoping we'd find somewhere available. From the first call through the whole experience, the staff at JW Marriott was kind, helpful and proactive. In just about 8 hours, they had arranged and pulled together a full ceremony, reception and dinner to accommodate all of my wishes. They helped coordinate all aspects of the evening, and did so with a smile. When I walked down the aisle, it was the first time I had seen the room. It was beautiful. My wedding turned out to be a beautiful, perfect day thanks to them. We are going to be lifelong customers!Also, they're the best in town when it comes to locals using the pool and renting cabanas! I've since moved to Utah, but my family in Las Vegas still uses it every summer.
3	Nice big hotel. Very long walk from front desk to the "Palm's"section where my room was located.I'm "Platinum"with Marriott.The front desk people could care less(That is the highest level you can reach).No concierge floor.Men's Spa was less then I would expect from a JW.To far from strip.Average age in casino is probably 80 yrs.
4	I stayed here for a week for work. I have no complaints. Nice place, clean and friendly staff. It is very spread out. If you don't want to walk a lot make sure you select a room close to where you want to be.
5	Have stayed here multiple times for work, but just stayed for my sisters wedding and everything was absolutely wonderful!!! Angela and Kristen at the front desk were fantastic! They were so accommodating and helped upgrade our rooms for the bridal suite and the honeymoon room. They made our whole experience for my sister absolutely amazing, cannot say enough wonderful things. Not to mention the rooms are beautiful! Highly recommend!!!!
4	Excellent Massages (Ask For Ron for an Amazing Deep Tissue Massage and Locals Discount if you are a Nevada Resident) Dated but Spotless Facilities, however for a    $ 45.00 Entry fee do not expect a free Juice bar, Just water and Apples is All. The Hot Water was out for ages and I'm happy to report that you can finally get a Hot Shower. They still have second rate robes and towels when compared to the Qua Spa, however a Spa where there are never huge Crowds (I understand the East Coast Crowd keeps it busy from 6 - 9 AM) makes the place enjoyable. Still a High Price for a Good but not Superior Spa..
2	Just ok.  Brought family here for weekend getaway, told my kids for days how much fun they would have in the pool only to find    out at check in that the pool was closed for a week.  As a platinum member, I surf Marriott web page often and wish that this was disclosed earlier...would have two happy kids and a much better rating.Room was clean, but the whole facility seems a bit dated.  Also got an "upgrade which included French doors"....ended up being a tiny deck overlooking the valet stand.  Recommend staying at Red Rock casino.  Given the pool situation, we drove over there for an afternoon of fun and had a great time.
4	Stayed here for a business trip. The rooms were very nice, the pillows were comfy and the best part was the HUGE jetted tub! I will be here again as I had a great dinner at Spiedini and fun in the casino. It was nice to be off the strip and low- key
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! My grandpa has been taking the whole family on vacation to this place since I was a little kid. Sweet, friendly staff. They're very quick and efficient, as well. Such a relaxing place, and the grounds are gorgeous. The restaraunt a in the hotel are so yummy, too! I totally recommend that if you're heading to Vegas, you can afford to stay here, and you aren't so much I to the strip, this is the place to go! I think the strip is super cool and fun, and I STILL love this place though :)P.S. to the people saying that the only people who could enjoy this place are 60+ years old, I'm only 20, sooo just saying :)And to the people complaining about those smoking in the casino, first of all, it's totally legal. Second off, even if it IS a nicer place, it's still Vegas, and I'm really not so sure what else you would expect from Vegas. Again, just saying. So, if you don't like the smoke, you're either gonna have to find a way to deal and go have at it, or just don't go into the casino.
2	If your idea of a great hotel stay is to stay far away from anything, so far that it is a $60+ cab ride to get anywhere, and live in a large, plain room with scratched furniture and minimal amenities, this is the place for you!Even better, you can walk to a attached casino full of octogenarians and play low stakes table games in dead silence. No music. Nothing.I'm looking forward to never returning.
4	I'm a local and incidentally at the casino,  I have to make a hotel  reservation for a wedding in a few weeks.  During my visit to the casino, I went to the hotel desk to make a hotel reservation and the representative advises me that thet can't / don't assist with future reservations and that I can use the lobby phone to call. To be honest, she was nice, casino was nice, hotel lobby  was nice...  I'm not sure that I understand why the front desk would not  assist...  $30,000 for a wedding, you would think that the front desk would be a little more helpful than pointing me towards the nearest phone.
1	I am rating my spa experience at the J.W. Marriott. My husband and I went to this spa  4/7/2013 because we had been there a year prior and had a marvelous time. This visit was nothing like the previous visit. This time most of the spa equipment was out of service. The steam room, dry sauna, and the co-ed sauna were all out of service. the cold pool outside, was not working either. One of the nice things that we preiously liked was they offered free juice, this time no. I am not sure why it has become so run down in only a year. I would reccomend you spending your money on Canyon Ranch Spa or the Korean health spa.
4	Staying here for my law firm retreat. It is a much nicer hotel than I was expecting based on some of the reviews. It isn't 5 star but it is a solid 4+. The grounds are beautiful. The atmosphere is relaxing. There is plenty to do - lots of very nice restaurants and bars. And a Starbucks where I am headed shortly!  There are a number of octogenarians, as some other posters have mentioned, but I've also seen a number of 20, 30, 40 etc. somethings. I think there is a perception of a higher number of older folks because they are more visible in the casino area. This isn't the strip but it is a nice casino which seems to attract an older local crowd as well as out of towners who aren't into going to the strip. Seems most of the younger crowd who stay here take off for the strip for casino entertainment.  The spa is nice. Needs an upgrade in furniture in the waiting areas and more amenities (the magazine options are to bring your own) but the staff is fantastic.  Everyone was accommodating and the service was fantastic.  The massage I had was one of the best I've had in the country.  Had a blow dry service as well and the stylist did a great job. Nice to have that option without having to leave the hotel. I don't have time for a pedi but the chairs look very nice.
5	There is a reason why the JW Marriott is the signature line of the Marriott chain. Exudes class and elegance. Working with their concierge was great!
3	Booked our staycation/babymoon. Wanted a tranquil, low key, quiet vacation before the baby comes. Being locals, we hate the loud music pool parties full of strippers and tourists so this was the place to go.The room was beautiful and had a hufe jacuzzi tub big enough for both of us. Big walk in shower with a rain shower and wall mount head. The bathroom overall was huge. The room was tidy and welcoming. Lots of pillows, fresh linens, windows that actually open to the outside air and a decent sized flat screen tv. The only downfall of our room was the sub-par lumpy bed. We also were on the 3rd floor directly over their lodge for weddings and heard the wub wub music for hours. The hotel was booked solid with 3 weddings over the weekend and a small convention and couldn't move us. Needless to say, we didn't sleep much. Even after the wedding party was over, it continued into the hallways with drunks staggering to their rooms near us. The front desk was little help and offered nothing except the last room available which was the room almost directly below us, so that wouldn't have helped. We went to the Carmel Room for dinner and had an excellent dinner. I had the bibb salad and stuffed shrimp with angel hair pasta, hubby had the lobster bisque and porterhouse. The meal was delish, but the staff was rather lax for this being the high end resturaunt in the hotel. The Promenade Cafe was a decent bite to eat. Our 2 breakfasts, fruit plate and drinks totalled a whole $15 and it was tasty. The spa was great! We booked a couples massage and it was my hubby's first massage ever. The ladies were very accomidating to our needs and we left feeling very relaxed. The outdoor pool for spa users is small and cold. We didn't get in past our feet. Maybe it is just that it isn't 100+ degrees yet to need that cool of a dip. The only downside was that there is no co-ed/couples area inside except for the gym area. If you want to spend time with your sweetie before your treatment, you can only go to the outdoor pool area. Kind of a bummer. They do offer a locals 30% off discount and if you are staying in the hotel I beleive they had a 20-25% off deal for out of towners.The pool area was gorgeous! Too bad the water was closed for some reason most of Saturday. The place was still packed with people sunbathing. We went back after our Sunday Spa treatment and everything was open again. We got a double bed in the shade, had lunch and a few drinks. Lunch for a wrap, burger, rum and coke and virgin margarite was $50, so you might want to go eat inside at the cafe before or after the pool. Seemed a little pricey, but it was vacation! The servers seems to be around at least every 10-15 minutes and were very nice. The pool area was clean and the water was refreshing. I should have just stayed in the pool or the spa the whole vacation as these were the saving grace after our shitty night of sleep. All in all, if it wasn't for the lack of sleep that was desperately needed, I would say this is a good spot for being off the strip. I would give it a higher rating if the beds were more comfy and the staff would have offered something for the level of noise we put up with at all hours of the night. Comped breakfast, room rate reduction, drinks at the pool, anything... If you are looking for a quiter and gorgeous pool or getting spa treatments, this is def a good deal.
4	Nice place away from the Las Vegas strip. The drive is about 20 minutes without traffic from Caesars.
3	We stayed here as a waystation, not a destination, so we didn't spend time enjoying the facilities or the casino.  Front desk personnel were not very pleasant or helpful at all, but every other person on staff we encountered was wonderful  - the valets in the evening and in the morning, the room service woman who took our order and the guy who delivered it, and the housekeeper who came for the turn down service.  The room was spacious and comfortable, but a little dated.  The room service food (pizza and milk and cookies) was tasty, generously-sized, and reasonably priced.  There was a prominent legend on the bill that said "service charge included".  We know Vegas and therefore knew this hotel was not near the Strip, so the distance to it did not come as a surprise.  I would stay here again notwithstanding the surly 20-something at the front desk.  My husband was serioulsly annoyed that you had to pay $10 for 24-hours of WiFi since WiFi had been free everywhere else on our rather lengthy road trip, even at the Motel-6-ish places.
4	We came here for our anniversary weekend, I had no idea where we were staying, and I have to say I was very impressed that the boyfriend kept it from me (he usually gets excited and tells me). Not going to lie, this resort is about a good 15-20 mins from the strip, but who cares! Upon arriving, we got a little lost on where to park, as the signs are a little misleading (by the end of the first full day we knew where to go). So like idiots we circled around until we saw the sign for the self-parking. We unloaded our stuff and walked in, right smack into the middle of the casino, the lobby where we check in is a far walk from the casino, but once in the lobby, it's beautiful as you are greeted with high aches and Spanish style decor.  The gal who checked us in welcomed us and gave us our room keys; she gave us a map and showed us where we needed to go. She even went as far as to walk away from the desk to point us in the right direction. She suggested that if we were not tired to talk a walk around the resort to see where the pool and other amenities were. Make sure before you leave the lobby to get some flavored water (that night they had cucumber, raspberry, and limewater)Our suite was located on the other side of the resort which was kind of pain due to the fact that we kept getting lost because the signs inside the casino were a bit confusing. We finally found the right way to head in, and found the elevators. Our suite was huge! We had a walk in closet, over sized Jacuzzi tub and stand up shower complete with a rain shower head, flat screen TV with cable, a balcony that we can actually walk out too (because you know in Vegas if there is a balcony nine times out of ten its bolted shut), we had pretty good AC, and a scary ceiling fan that probably needed to be positioned in a different area and fixed because when you turned it on it sounded like the blades were going to take off from the motor! The only bummer part was we always have a king size bed, instead they gave us two small queen sized bed. Boyfriend called down to the desk to request a room with a king bed, and of course, we were told that was not available, I was surprised since this is a resort that we were not offered a call in the morning if a room became available. Not letting this minor glitch get to us, we decided to move the beds together, which made it bigger, then a king size bed! The bed in general was soft and fluffy (just how I like them).After unpacking we decided to walk around the resort, outside was beautiful, koi ponds, waterfalls, palm trees, baby bunnies here and there, and a set of couples swinging hammocks overlooking a pond. The pool looked invited but at night, we could not get in to look around. Inside the resort, they have a buffet and a couple of other restaurants along with a Starbucks! If you stay here don't forget to leave your sign outside of your door before bed, each night you stay you get a card in the afternoon good for $10.00 towards food or drinks or you can exchange it for 500 points towards your Marriott card! Have to say Denise at the concierge desk was the nicest person we encounter while staying there! She helped me out with my surprise that I had for the boyfriend! The pool is huge complete with waterfalls and a grotto, plenty of lounge chairs too!The staff at the pool were nice too, the pool towels were soft and huge (two covered my lounge chair) the first day I was at the pool I was surrounded by screaming kids running around and a cocktail waitress who ignored me each time she walked by!  The pool temperature was nice after lounging in the sun and it is not very deep! I am not a huge fan of having water toys or rafts in the pool as some of the kids just let them go.The second day I was at the pool was a whole lot better; I was acknowledged by the cocktail waitress and was able to get some water. Hardly anyone was at the pool, so it made it more relaxing! Over all this is not a bad place to stay you just need to be aware of how CS is and stay on top of things if they are not to your liking!  We enjoyed our stay here, as it was relaxing and romantic!
3	If your out of town and looking for a quiet tranquil resort, this is your place! The grounds are huge and well kept with several waterfalls, koi ponds and lush vegetation! Total a 5 star spot! Golf course, spas and restaurants are wonderful! Valet service was exceptionally nice providing upmost friendly customer service! However internal furnishing needs to be updated immediately. I wish the suite had dimming lights, newer furniture and other room decor. The shower pressure wasn't really that strong either.  This resort is also 20 minutes from Caesars Palace, so it could be an expensive cab ride to the strip.Still, this place wasn't crowded at all and is a bargain for what you really get just in friendly customer service alone.
3	When I think of JW Marriott I think high end resort.  However I felt like this place was a little dated.  The first thing that we noticed is the sewage like smell in the room.  They were quick to address the concern, but was also told that that is the nature of hotels in Vegas.  I have never experienced that before.  The front counter at check in is in need of some training.  I asked if there is an upgrade available that I could pay for.  I was told there was not.  Then someone else stepped up to the counter and they asked for and received an upgrade.  I do have points and status, so not sure why it was not offered to me as well. What I did like about the hotel was the soaking tub and shower.  I thought that was very elegant and modern.  This resort is relatively close enough to Red Rock Canyon to allow me to ride my bike out there and around the area.  I would come back if I found a significant discount.
4	Perfect hotel if you're visiting and looking for a place that's clean, off the strip, and still has a casino attached. Perfect hotel if you're local and looking for a mini staycation.  Well, that was JW Marriot for me last weekend.  Rest and relaxation was our goal when we stayed here.  JW Marriot not only has your normal amenities, but it's also a great venue to for weddings, meetings, and conferences.  I haven't gotten to really explore this hotel as much as I wished, but have been here enough times to know it's quiet and luxurious enough for me to come back.  As for their rooms, they're simply gorgeous. Nothing really fancy about the rooms, just clean, spacious, and I love the showers here.  The beds are as comfy as they get too, which made it perfect for us to reach our goal for the weekend, which was rest and relaxation. PS:  This hotel also has some good sushi, a nice pub, and a cafe.  But room service can also be an option if you don't plan on leaving your room.
5	My wife and I both agreed that this place was first class all around.  Very helpful staff, relaxing pool, clean grounds, spacious room, and still has a casino attached to it but not in your view when heading to your room.  The food was pretty good to didn't have any major meals here besides pool side food.  Will definitely be returning.
1	Never would I have seen the day that I rate MARRIOTT with only 1 star. I have been a Marriott rewards holder for a very long time. Not only that, I've worked at a few Marriott's and have never had a situation like this. My family and I stayed here during a very busy weekend (EDC Weekend) We had the opportunity of staying at another hotel on the strip, but I was hesitant since it wasn't a Marriott brand hotel. BIG MISTAKE! I should have taken the other hotel if I would have known it was going to be the way it was. The reservations were made months in advance knowing it was going to be a busy weekend. We checked in with 2 rooms for 3 nights. My family was accompanying me, while I covered the room. I originally requested 1 room with a king bed and the other with 2 queen beds. The king bed room was fine but the other room they said was not available.  Fine, maybe I could get a roll-away for both rooms. MAYBE. NOT!!!!My father, my mother, my 2 brothers and sister crammed into 1 room with only 1 roll-away and only 1 blanket! THAT'S ALL THEY COULD ACCOMMODATE!!  They ran out of toilet paper and it was a battle trying to get extra. It made me look so bad! I felt awful that my family was treated the way they were and they were so uncomfortable in a reputable hotel! The valet staff saved the hotel because if it wasn't for them, my family would have left the next day.I brought this to the attention of staff at the front desk and all they could say was, "sorry, but its a busy weekend" Shouldn't your staff be aware of this? Shouldn't your staff be prepared for long weekends such as EDC weekend? shouldn't your staff be more hospitable and accommodating?  Like I've said, I stayed at many Marriott's in my lifetime, and I will never stay here or recommend it!I'm sorry Marriott but you've just let me down.
5	This is a weird JW.  It has two lobbies, one on either side of the resort, and it feels kind of dated, probably due to the fact that the JW moved into an older vacated resort.  Also, there is a casino attached, which you have to walk through in order to get to the Carmel Room, a fine-dining steakhouse, which is the best restaurant on the premises (followed by JC Wooloughans, a real Irish Pub transported piece-by-piece from Ireland).  All buildings are attached and you can get anywhere (aside from the massive pool, which was also very nice - I recommend getting a cabana) without going outside.  This was a slightly less upscale JW than others I've been to, but still an incredible place to stay.  Our suite was huge(!) and much cheaper than comparable suites at other JWs.As I won't do the Strip, the JW is absolutely where I'll be staying if I need to stay in Vegas again.
4	My second stay at this resort that is about 10-15 off the strip.  You readers don't expect strip Ike atmosphere but do expect a resort atmosphere with sprawling gardens, waterfall ponds and a nice pool with cascading waterfalls.  This trip I was a bit disappointed that my room style preferences on a reservation made 90 days in advance weren't considered and because of our late night check-in we were given a room that was undesirable.  After complaining, I was promised a next day move into a more desirable room and that certainly happen and Marriott had redeemed themselves.  Marriott will still be hearing from me about asking for room preferences and me informing them of my late check in yet rooms are appointed on a first come first served bases; just not right for us that work and travel in the evening to start a getaway, just not right.  Really nice outdoor bar by the pool.  To date Marriott responded to me that they'd contact the hotel about what happened and I'd hear from the hotel location but I have not.
2	I stayed in the main tower. Last time I stayed in the Palms Tower, which I liked very much. My room was dated and showed some wear. The shower head didn't work well and hot water took very long to heat up. The fitness center was a joke! A few exercise machines put into an unused room in the other tower was all that was provided without a charge. The TV there didn't work and the AC ran warm. Forget about this if you go. I was unable to print my boarding pass in the "business center"  and got no help from the agents at the Front Desk. I was charged for Internet access in the "free zone" public areas after being told that I wouldn't be charged. All during my stay, I felt like your guest services staff were not happy or pleased to do so. The only bright spots for me were Charles in the Ceres Restaurant, Cliff and Rick at the Palms Port Cochere, and Ron at the Spa. They met and exceeded my expectations with pleasure.
2	Disappointing for JW. This was my 2nd stay for business.Room: Dirty! Yes dirty hair all over the bathroom, old dated peeling wallpaper and I agree with the other posts hot water doesn't last long and takes a long time to get. There's a smell in the Palm tower. Food: There's nothing here that's good, very disappointing. Check the reviewsInternet:  even for silver members its $9.95 for internet as a business travel this is a joke.
5	Away from the strip, I was hesitant but my concerns turned into true relaxation.  My family and I really enjoyed our stay here.  This place is grand and has a nice, luxurious resort look to it and never once felt crowded.Parking is ok here.  Just a short walk across the grounds.  I'm not a fan of valet parking as I've had bad experience with irresponsible valets, so I cannot comment on that service here.  Our room was beautiful with a great view of the pool and Vegas with a nice Jacuzzi tub.My only comment is that the lobby is huge, there's so much smoke I can smell and I don't have the best sense of smell.  That aside, the gift shop had quality items and decent prices. The casino is also huge too. I never had the time or opportunity to try out the restaurants in this hotel, but I'm sure I will in the future.  I really liked this hotel and will come back again.If you're a younger group that likes to party, I don't know if this is the place for you but if you're planning a family vacay, this is a great spot.  The pool is large with lots of kids and shallow.  There's a fun waterfall area and the kids seem to really enjoy this pool.
4	Beautiful grounds. Only spent day at pool. Had a cabana and the service was great! She checked on us often and was very talkative. Pool was not crowded, and there is plenty of pool room for lots of folks. Cabana was a little shabby: dingy, and not well kept. Overall, I would go back
5	Awesome hotel and friendly staff, lily at the reception especially :-).  Their ballrooms are large and have easy access from the loading dock for delivery and set up! Amazing team to work with!
4	Very well kept grounds.  Nice pools, but little cold.Casino, which is not part of JW, was loaded with Old people.  Later on I found out that hotel is located next to retirement homes.  Rooms could use little updating.  I wanted to stay off the strip for few night and relax, and that was the place.
1	This Hotel looks great from the highway, and the grounds are beautiful; great place to take pictures! Most of the Staff seemed very nice... But from the Lobby you will smell cigarette smoke, the rooms are in dyer need of upgrade, generally this needs major upgrading throughout! It's a good value when compared to other properties of this type on the Strip, but in this case, you get what pay fo, which isn't much! I would have loved to stay here when the place was first built, some 12 years ago I think. I know is was a dream then, now unfortunately it's a nightmare now! If you are looking for luxurious hotel off the Strip, this ain't it!
2	My husband and three little girls stayed here last weekend and I was super excited to try out the spa and beautiful pool. They didn't have a room with 2 queen beds that was showing available on line when we showed up so they gave us a king and one twin pull out. Not great for us. Like I said we have three kids. They are not all going to fit in a twin so someone is sleeping with mom and dad. Even though this is super inconvenient for us, they still charge us more "for the King"  next I try and book a message. I get an answering machine that tells me to leave a message and they will call right back, ya ....they didn't call and I kept getting the same recording. When we decide to round up the whole gang and go to the pool. We were accosted by security guards that would not let us though be cause there was a wedding out side infront of the pool gates. One guy actually lied to me in his haste to get our unworthy family to leave, he sent me in the opposite direction to get into the pool. After walking for 20 minutes with three kids in tow, we called the front desk to tell us know how to get into the pool. They sent someone down to show us the way. Ya, there was actually no way to enter the pool during the ceremony. (They had to escort us through) That is poor planning and not really my problem, did I pay for my room or not! So we finally get into the pool. Very nice by the way. And we go to the towel hut. Them "We are all out of towels you will need to grab some from your room"  Us "oh heck no..... Not only is there no way though with out an escort through the party but We've been trying to get here for 45 minutes"   Them "we'll we get more in 2 hours but the pool closes before then any way"   Seriously??? We won't go back.
5	Definitely a Las Vegas Gem!If you're looking for a calm and quiet hotel away from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas strip, then this is the place for you.You don't have to be an out of towner to enjoy a nice night at a hotel. We arrived and I automatically loved that it was so quiet. There are two towers so make sure you're at the right one.I highly recommend the suite, it was so spacious, for the price, it was a steal! Everything was so neat and tidy. We got a nice view of the city from the balcony. Staff was very friendly, specially valet! From now on I will recommend this hotel for my out of town friends and family. We have to come back in the summer to take a dip in their gorgeous pool.
4	Always been a big fan of Marriotts quality and customer service. My opinion didnt change when we stayed for a couple of nights in the JW Marriott Las Vegas.Huge reception area, great walking area inside with pools, springs, lakes and lots of greens. Yes, the pool is rather spacious with waterfalls and two extra jacuzzis.We stayed in a junior suite and, as you can tell by the picture, is a suite size. Lots of hotels call have suites but only a handful have the "right size".The only reason why I subtracted a star is due the uptightness of the staff...but I guess some guests welcome that in high class hotels.
3	As a hotel to stay in for vacation, I would give the JW 5 stars.As a wedding ceremony venue (just for location of ceremony and pictures), I would rate the JW 5 stars - the location and grounds are beautiful. HOWEVER, I purchased a package just for my ceremony, which included a wedding coordinator, and they get 1 star for this. Do NOT rely on your coordinator if you book here. Useless. Our rehearsal was at 4:30. He shows up at 4:00 and emails me that I'm late. In his defense, he realizes his mistake at around 4:30 and returns. I was outside where our rehearsal is supposed to be and there's a wedding out there. Our wedding party and their significant others are standing around me not knowing what to do. I go in the lobby and run into my coordinator. He says we can still have our rehearsal. Everyone heads back outside, and my coordinator comes to me 2 minutes later and says we need to do the rehearsal inside. No joke, there's a wedding on the site of our rehearsal. So everyone heads back inside. Fine, I can roll with it. We go to the empty restaurant inside for our rehearsal. I suppose I should have known that, for the rehearsal, I needed to bring with me the lineup of the wedding party. I wrote it down for my coordinator and incorrectly assumed he would have it. Wrong. Put on the spot, I can't remember who goes where. It seems easy enough but after having been a bit frazzled and people not knowing where to go for the rehearsal, I can't think straight. Does the coordinator try to help? No. I'm the one who has to raise my voice to get the wedding party to listen to me and line up. Then, on the day of the wedding about 10 minutes before the ceremony, it starts raining. Not the hotel's fault, of course, and they did have a backup ballroom for us. But after the ceremony, my brother told me that a lot of our family came late because the hotel told them 3 different ballrooms. My brother's phone was constantly ringing because he had to tell them the exact ballroom to go to. Meanwhile, 5 MINUTES BEFORE THE CEREMONY, the coordinator tells me our music CD isn't working, they can't play MP3s. Who the heck can't play MP3s?!?! And why didn't they tell me a week before when there was time for me to do something about it?! They waited until 5 minutes before the ceremony?!?! Are you freakin' kidding me?!  I told the coordinator that the CD worked just fine for us on our laptop, and they need to find a laptop. Thankfully, the sound guy found one and was able to play our music for us. But really, I didn't need all the stress. On top of that, my ceremony package included 2 nights in the junior suite. When I check out, they charged me for those nights. I had to email the coordinator and the events person to get the charge fixed.Also, keep in mind that the rooms do NOT have full length mirrors. One would have been very handy while getting ready. I would noticed that my wedding dress would have looked better if I had removed the bra inserts that my alterations lady told me to get. Again, just for the location, the JW is great, so if you're gonna have your wedding here, plan to do everything on your own and you'll be fine.
4	This hotel was an enjoyable venue to host our event. The staff was courteous and professional. The facility was clean and orderly. The ballroom was well prepared prior to our arrival. Our requests were met with a smile and a timely response. I would be happy to return to this facility for another event.
3	I read the reviews and looked that pictures before making my reservation. I thought it would be a great place to be off the strip. However, it reminded me more of downtown Las Vegas especially the casino area. During the winter, the pools were closed and they were much smaller than I expected. The highlight is that the room was large and had a jet tub in the bathroom. Ask for the view with golf course on the 6th floor. For $200 a night, would not probably come back.
4	I stay in Marriott hotels 75-100 nights per year.  I picked the JW specifically to be away from the Strip in a nicer, quieter location.  That's exactly what I got.  Very nice, spacious room at a great off-peak rate. Very friendly staff. Another review complained how far away and expensive it was to get to the Strip. The JW is about 20 miles from the Strip so do not expect a quick trip to get there. My main reasons for 4 stars versus 5 are the lack of self-parking access (you're basically committed to valet only) and the lack of good restaurants. There is a selection of restaurants in the attached casino but they are mediocre at best. You are better off to plan to eat off property at nearby restaurants such as Flemings, Cheesecake Factory, Embers, etc. Great location for business meetings.
3	The hotel itself was very nice. Friendly staff, nicely appointed etc. The room was large and the bathroom was very nice. The bad: bed wasn't very comfortable, the balcony door didn't close completely making for a howling sound all night long and we weren't told about the perks that came with the resort fee
5	If you want to experience a different, more luxurious version of Vegas, this is your place.  The proximity to some of the best golf courses will appeal to the duffer amongst you.  The spa will draw in the person who loves to be pampered.There is a lovely little casino to satisfy the itch to gamble without dealing with the crowds, noise and chaos of the strip.Typical of JW Marriott, the staff is amazing and the concierge service is incredible.
4	I had a lovely stay here. The rooms were gorgeous, large, and very clean. We were here in the off-season for a family vacation so the prices was good, but we weren't pleased about the mandatory resort fee that seems to have become the fashion in resort hotels. The bathroom was amazing, complete with very clean jetted tubs. There's nothing I hate more than tubs at hotels that look like they haven't been cleaned, so you don't feel like you can take a bath in it without cleaning it yourself. This was not the case here, and I enjoyed a nice hot soak. The tub filled up extremely quickly and the shower gel provided bubbled it up nicely. The hotel has free wi-fi, but only because they charge you a ridiculous resort fee to include the cost of wi-fi. It worked well enough---I got a decent 300-400kbps download out of it. I booked a gel manicure in anticipation for a chance to show off my fingers a few days after my stay here. The spa was so-so... the attendants were very unhelpful and no one showed me around to see how things work. I hardly perused the spa before I was bored and proceeded to the manicure. The salon here was extremely well-designed, with very meticulous cleaning and sanitizing. The tools were clean, and my manicurist took a lot of time and care. This is the best manicure I've ever had. The wonderful woman who did my nails was from Hungary and we had a long and lovely chat about Hungary, about the classical music scene in Europe (I'm jealous she had such a lovely culture around her when she grew up!), her children, and everything. Not only was her perspective on life refreshing and instructive, she also applied it to her work. Having gone to art school in her native country, she told me that nails were her art now. It's lovely to see a nail technician love her work the way that she does. Also, she told me she had been working at the JW Marriott for many, many years and she loves it. It seems they treat their employees well here. She began my manicure by giving my fingers a good cleaning and trimmed my cuticles. She filed my nails and cleaned them with alcohol, but held off on the scrub and massage that I had booked for until after the gel application. She explained to me that this is because the oil on my hands from the scrub and massage would prevent the gel from sticking/lasting well---and it was lovely that she thought of this.The results were the best nails I've ever had. The nails lasted a full 2 weeks without any noticeable wear until I had to get them changed because my nails were simply getting too long. This was an experience well worth 5 stars on Yelp, but for the exorbitant spa prices and the mandatory resort fee, I took off a star. Though this was the most expensive manicure I have ever had, the service was exceptional and my technician was a wonderful person I feel that I could be friends with in another life, and the hotel was lovely. I regret nothing!
5	Business and pleasure, we travel often, and this is the only place we stay in LasVegas!!The hotel is beautiful. Grounds well kept, tranquil and soothing. The rooms/ beds are so luxurious, we are thinking of the ordering the same mattress for our home. And as for the customer service, it is exceptional- from the front desk to the Casino! The Mixoligsts, Servers, Valet, Maintenance crew and even the couple who run the gift shop, everyone has a smile. Obviously the management understands the meaning of Hospitality. The restaurants are delicious, great shopping and golf near by and the Rampart Casino is never too crowded. And the Aquae Sulis Spa, let's just say they know me by name :)I cannot recommend enough, a true Desert Oasis!!!
2	We travelled from California to attend my Nephews wedding, arriving Friday night prior. a large group of us ate at the Buffet! 5 out of 11 of us became violently ill.  Causing my sister in law to not only miss the wedding but the reception too! we reported this to customer service, filled out a report as per request. I called customer service and put in a complaint twice. still yet to here from this location! You can never replace the time lost of such a important family event! Way to go Marriott,  your customer service stinks!
1	Horrible customer service on the phone reservation. I had a reservation for this weekend and the room is king or two queens. The lady that answer the phone is so rude and I was trying to see if I can get two queens before we arrives. She said it's not guaranteed for either two queens or kings and basically you get what they want to give you. How can any traveler book a room if they don't know how many beds they are going to get ???Just disappointed. Marriott usually is a great hotel chain but this hotel sucks !!!!!She said we can cancel our reservation with no penalty. Wopeeee. No we have no where to stay. And have to find a new hotel.
4	Overall just a beautiful place, the landscaping, the space, the rooms, just beautiful but a few things that surprised me were the bird poop and left over food that were on the balcony, all kinds of hair came up when I turned on the water to my jacuzzi bath, blonde hair, short hair, pubic hair (really grossed me out) I couldnt even use it after the maid re-cleaned it. I just couldnt! Also a dead moth was tubside and dead nats on nightstand upon arrival.Like I said it was beautiful but I think they need to step it up on the cleaning regiment. It ruined a little bit of the experience.
4	Suggestions:-request high room or else you cant see anything. -ask to not be roomed in Palm Tower. It is away from everything and a long walk, through the casino to get to the gyms, restaurants and everything else. Pros:-large rooms-very large marble bathrooms-great gym-fantastic pools-family friendly-front desk staff management terrific. Cons:-unprofessional housekeeping staff-room unprepared as requested--even front desk stated room is ready with rollaway bed--when finally getting to room at midnight, no rollaway or extra towels -had to request extra towels everyday as housekeeping didn't leave extra even though asking for them-no concierge lounge-no added amenities for gold/platinum Rewards members! Pretty crazy.
3	On the woman's side of the spa the attendants  were lacking and food and drink service was near non existent. They have no cafe or assigned pool waitress. If you want great service see Eugene and he will make sure you are taken care of.
5	I recently stayed at the hotel for a weekend getaway.  The staff was friendly and accommodating. The rooms were beautiful and large enough for a small family if that's what you need. The restaurant service is pretty slow but the prices are decent. If you are looking for the typical "Vegas" experience this probably isn't you're scene but if you don't want to stay on the strip and get away from the craziness of downtown this place is fantastic. It is also very close to a number of great golf courses.
5	With 4 adults and 5 kids Kitty did an amazing job keeping us happy and making us feel comfortable at the dinner buffet. The kids had a blast and we're entertained by the staff while the adults ate. Thanks again Kitty for a wonderful night.
4	JW Marriott Las VegasThe Atmosphere:  SPAAAA!!!  I was immediately mesmerized by the stunning grounds and fantastic mountain views. Whoever maintains this property needs a raise!  The place is immaculate and tastefully decorated.  I stayed in the spa tower on the 2nd floor and they really did a great job with the resort and spa feel.  The meandering pathways outside brought you through lush gardens and waterfalls at every turn!   The pool was amazing!!!The room:   Again, wowed! When I first entered my room I had thought they had made a mistake because I was booking through a block schedule for a conference.  The room was VERY large and well-appointed with a Jacuzzi tub and expansive bathroom and main bedroom.  My view overlooking the courtyard was fantastic.  I would have liked a larger window but maybe there was some valid reason why it couldn't be larger (?).   CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN!The Location:  The location is pretty good.  If you are looking to stay clear of the craziness of the strip this is a great option.  However, if you are wanting to spend a lot of time down at the strip consider something closer.  It takes about 20 minutes I would say to get to the strip and it will cost you quite a bit in cab fare.  The hotel offers a free shuttle a couple times of day that you can take advantage but the timing isn't always the best.  They also will book a ride for you through PSS service.  We utilized the service 3 times ($85 one way trip + tip).  At least it was a nice Escalade and the driver (now known as D Dog was awesome).The Food:  I was here for a conference so the food was OK.  To be fare though they were feeding 200 people and I couldn't really rate them on the restaurant selections.  I can say though- don't order food at the pool bar.  I ordered a salad and it was all iceberg with browned edges and chicken that they pulled out of a steamer (ughh) and through on the grill for a minute. Not impressed at all by that but I was starving after my long flight.The Beer:  I have to comment on the beer because that is what I love, the only place you will get a decent beer that I found is at the Irish pub in the hotel.  They have dogfish and some other good craft beers.The Service:  Pool staff = slow (and I think they over charged me for my beer),   front desk = great,   housekeeper= fantastic,   bartenders= meh..
1	I went to the spa 6 weeks ago for a day of pampering (some of the treatments were good and others were just okay).  Well I was overcharged and notified them within a few minutes after they ran my card that they had overcharged me.  I was told that since they already ran my card, that they would issue me a refund within 2 weeks.  I've checked my card numerous times and called 3 times about this and am told the accounting department is processing my refund and that someone will call me back.  No one ever calls me back and now I have to keep checking up on them to get my money back.  Completely unprofessional and I won't ever waste my time or money going there again.  I'm also going to file a formal complaint if they don't issue my refund immediately.
3	Went for a wedding and have stayed at a few J.W.'s and loved them all, but this one was lacking. Very clean room with beautiful grounds and a great pool area, but the staff at Ceres was poor to say the least.  The attached casino was  uninviting and not up to J.W. standards at all. It was obvious that the Mormon owed Resort wanted a casino but just didn't want their name associated with it, well you get what you ask for as this casino should of had a walkway leading to a motel 6.
4	We've been coming here for years, since before it was a Marriott property. It's quiet, so if you're looking for the wild Las Vegas experience, this is not for you. As a local, we always have out of town friends stay here. Tips:Rooms are very nice, plush, good sized tubs.The Ceres buffet is good for breakfast, but be prepared to pay.The pool is beautiful, sprawling and quiet. Food and beverage service is available as are cabanas. Pricey, but a good experience.Spa is amazing and if it's nice the outside area is pretty.Restaurants: the Promenade Cafe is ok, Wooligans is a good Irish pub, but a bit expensive, would not recommend Spedini.
5	I stayed here for work, this was my first time staying at this hotel and if I come back il stay here again. The front desk staff was responsive to my needs about a delivery I had from FedEx. They called down to the warehouse and asked that it be brought pumas soon as it was delivered so i could begin to work. The buffet has lots of fresh fruit and my omelette was very good.  My room was big and it was quiet at night. There is a casino in the building along with a comedy club and several restaurants.
3	I was able to stay at this beautiful hotel on National American Miss pageant weekend. The room that we got (a standard king size bed room) had a large king size bed, a flat screen TV, a small sitting area with two side chairs and a coffee table, a desk, and a walk-in closet. It also included a bathroom that was almost the size of the large room that had a large tub (enough room for two people) with jets, a standing shower with two shower heads (one on the side and one on the ceiling, two sinks with a large counter space, and a toilet with it's own separate door. The room was large enough to feel like a suite!When we booked a room for the hotel, we asked to have a standard two queen sized bed room because we had a family of four was going to be staying for two nights. Since we could not get the pageant discount rate on a two queen sized bedroom, we just went with the local discount rate of $129/night instead. There were plenty of rooms for a standard king sized bed room, but obviously we were a family of four and would not fit onto a single bed. When we checked in, they told us they did not have anymore standard rooms with queen sized beds and only had king sized bed rooms left. Disappointed, we told them our problem with having a family of four staying in the room. They told us they will have someone bring in a queen sized rolling bed in, so we agreed. When we went to our room, they brought in our rolling bed. The moment that I saw the bed, it was obvious that it was not a queen size, but a twin size. We asked them if we can have another rolling bed and they told us we could not because it would be difficult for the housekeeper to clean the room. In the end, one of us slept on the floor because there was no other way we could have three people sleep comfortably on the king sized bed. Pictures of the pool looked beautiful and large, but when we arrived at the pool it was much smaller than we had thought it was. Plus, the hot tub was a little far from the pool and was gated off from the rest of the pool area. Since it is Vegas and the temperature gets extremely hot here, it was inconvenient for me to walk on the scorching hot ground to get the hot tub. When we checked out, we were charged $139/night so we asked them to make sure we got the local discount rate. Turns out the price of the room fluctuates depending of how booked the hotel is. The price of the room without the discount would have been $189/night instead. If I knew I would have been stuck with a king sized bed instead, I would have asked for the pageant discount rate instead because I would have saved more money booking a room there. Also, be warned that the walls are NOT sound proof so you will be able to hear the next door guest turning on and off the faucet, people walking through the halls, the TV blasting, and other sounds as well. We had a guest next to us who had a little girl participating in the pageant. It was 10 o'clock at night and she was running through the halls playing with her new friends, blasting the TV with her door open, having fun with repeatedly turning on and off the faucet, and talking extremely loudly. Turns out, her parents were not present in the room, so this was going on for about two hours before her parents returned to the room.
4	Always a nice staycation!
1	we were there to meet friends at the (not) irish pub. what a dump. carpet was filthy, i don't know if i should take my shoes for a shine or just burn them. the concrete in the parking garage was cleaner than the inside of the casino. an example of everything that was wrong with vegas in the 80s, a dirty casino with low budget "authentic" blah blah restaurants. sad. it's so pretty from a distance. i'll stick with the aliante.
5	This was a great hotel stay.  First, I found a great deal on the internet.  My wife and I wanted to celebrate our 17th wedding anniversary...free from kids and other distractions.  Instead of using cash, we used some of our Marriott points for this visit.  We were given brunch for all three mornings of our stay.  The rooms were roomy and were similar to the upscale rooms you'll find on the strip (Encore or Wynn).  The bathroom was large and featured a jetted tub and a shower that featured a rain-shower shower head and an area large enough to sit down and enjoy the steam and water. This resort offered different places to dine but we only ate at one place for breakfast.  The pool was very large and featured an awesome waterfall.  The bad thing is that it closes at 8PM...Come on Man!  Who does that in Vegas in the summer.   The staff was friendly and helpful.  Even though we were in Vegas, it felt like a totally different place city.  To the south of the hotel, there are several major retail stores and restaurants.  I'll come back to this place when I want to experience the non-strip, Vegas get-a-way experience!
4	Pool was fun and mellow.  Need some music playing in the background.  We had a very kind and attentive blonde server.  Sorry forgot her name but she was very welcoming.  I felt very comfortable w/her.  Sangria pitcher was $ 37 served 6 small drinks for me & my friend, fish tacos w/fries was tasty for $ 14.00.  Off the strip pools are more relaxing but I needed some music.  Lots of greenery which is very nice to see in Vegas.
5	Another fabulous stay at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort!!!!! Our favorite stay in Las Vegas. Special thanks to Elizabeth at the front desk, she went above and beyond while providing excellent customer service with humor and a smile. We are humbled by the attentive staff- housekeeping to pool servers, the are all amazing! Management has got it right, if you know what I mean ;)Love the new Gym equipment too!!
4	Such a beautiful hotel to stay in Las Vegas to people who wish to have a vacation more relaxed, family oriented then what you can find in Las Vegas strip. Beautiful species rooms, very clean and comfortable. Lots of space and green. We tried couple of times to come back here but it was fully booked! I tuck one star off because of the poor breakfast which we enjoyed in other Marriott hotels, such as the Beverly Hills one. Also because we got extra charges on the room but we settled that at the check out.Very recommended for people who wants to enjoy Vegas differently :-)
3	Couldn't have asked for a better weekened to relax and unwind, than to do it here at this establishment. We felt like we were important people with all the amazing service we received. Everyone was so nice and accomodating. The only bummer to our weekend was their spa facility. From the time we checked in for our massage, things couldn't have been handled anymore annoying. First of all, the gentleman at the front (SPA) was a little rude and condescending. It felt like we didn't speak the same language, although we spoke English LOL. Also, the massage wasn't good. We got a 50 minute massage which wasn't on time and ended 10 minutes early and kind of sucked. For the amount of money you pay for treatment, you would think it would be amazing. The hotel is beautiful and the worker, everyone but the spa are wonderful.a side note, the rooms are very decent but kind of dirty. There was spider webs on the window that shouldn't have been there.
5	One of the nicest Marriott I have ever stayed in. Doesn't even feel like you're in Vegas. Grounds are beautifully picturesque. Had a massage at the spa which was nice. Rooms were pleasant. Staff very accommodating and helpful. Would definitely stay here again if I have to go to Vegas.
1	Breaking News, : When you book through Expedia you DON'T get points w/ JW.  This is just dumb,  how forward thinking of this company.  This is not professional and I will never stay at a Marriott again,  and I am an elite level Marriott Rewards cloent.  Hmm.  All this so they can save the 5 bucks they have to pay Expedia for their service.
5	Rooms are awesome.  Casino area sucks.  All old folks smoking their remaining days away.  Very isolated location.  Which is a waste.  It ought to be on the strip.  Such a Damn beautiful place.  Spa is one of the best.  Very very expensive but you pay for what you get.  Gardens are so nice to stroll thru.  Everyone I met was so nice and high on customer service.  Beds are so Damn comfy.   You don't wanna leave. Great great staycation!!!
5	Actually 4+ stars.  Having read some of the other reviews it seems the reviews are some what varied.  My husband is a platinum elite member and as such we may have had a different/better experience...but shouldn't.  In summary:-Clean rooms (we were upgraded to a huge suite with two full baths, jacuzzi, and a lovely patio.  Highly recommend 1st floor rooms with patios.-Great scale compared to the oversized hotels on the strip.-Great location: North West Las Vegas.-Great spa.-Elegant ambiance.-Delicious fresh bagels and pile of lox, with Mimosa's via room service...served on the patio.-Easy access casino onsite... We did well at the bar.-Service was excellent.  They even sent a team of staff, immediately, when we could not find the TV remote.-On site restaurants leave one wanting, but it's an easy drive to downtown and the strip.  Hence 4+ stars.
5	Excellent. Clean. Gorgeous exterior and lovely interior. Friendly and genuinely nice staff. How can you go wrong? Stay here. You'll love it.Just avoid the buffet... Yuck-o.
4	Hotel was a nice resort, rooms were large, staff were very friendly.  I now know this is normal inLas Vegas hotels but the smell of smoke is overwhelming.  This was my first visit so I was not aware smoking was allowed, it does permeate the hotel.  If you are going to see shows on the Strip it is a ~15-20 minute drive.
5	I like the ambiance and design of this hotel. It is perfectly situated 15 miles northwest of the Strip.  If you just want to get away from the touristy area this is a place to visit for sure. They resort is beautify maintained and all their staff are very attentive and willing to help. Can't wait to come back!
1	This event happened on the morning on Nov. 11th at about 7:00 AM at the JW Marriott location in Las Vegas (221 N. Rampart Blvd) at the valet/taxi line. I didn't get the names of the two Marriott valet employees involved, but we will call them "Joe" and "John." If I were running this hotel, I would have both guys terminated immediately. Here is a description of what happened...I stayed only one night at the JW Marriott on Nov. 10th.  On the morning of Nov. 11th, I walked outside to the valet/taxi stand and asked "Joe" to order me a cab to the Red Rocks Casino. He ordered me a cab, then after about 10 minutes a limo pulls up. Joe had suddenly disappeared, but the other valet attendant "John" tells me, your cab is here. I say to John, I ordered a cab to the Red Rocks, not a limo. John says, "Yes. This will be much cheaper as it's a flat rate." What John and Joe didn't know is that I took a cab home that night from the Red Rocks to the Marriott and the cost was $16.I get into the limo and tell the driver, "Red Rocks Casino." He says no problem. I ask him, "BTW...what is the flat rate?" He says, "$45, plus tip." At that moment, I see "Joe" talking with a taxi about 20 yards away, so I tell the limo driver to stop, and that I'm getting into that taxi. I said, "No offense, but $45 plus tip is 3x the fare a cab will cost to the Red Rocks. I'm getting in that taxi."I hustle over to the cab and tell Joe, this is absolute BS what you guys just tried to pull. His answer was, "I'm sorry, I didn't tell John you ordered a cab." However, when I get into the cab, the cab driver tells me that John said, "Sorry, but we already put the guest in another taxi." The taxi driver then said this happens all the time with these guys at the JW Marriott. They have side deals with the limo drivers, so cab drivers get screwed. I'm not concerned about the cab drivers in Vegas getting screwed by valet guys. Even though this is probably causing longer than normal wait times for your guests because the cab drivers know your valets pull this crap. What is most disturbing is that these valet guys tried to screw me. A guest of the hotel that paid almost $200 a night, now has to deal with Marriott valet guys trying to fleece him. I'm not a Marriott Rewards Silver, Gold or Platinum guy. I'm just somebody that doesn't like getting screwed.  Hopefully this post helps others avoid this situation or book an entirely different hotel all together.
5	A beautiful hotel resort. Rooms are beautiful and luxurious, whirlpool tub, king size bed, spacious room, very clean, comfy bed, great spa, massage therapy fabulous but be ready to pay a larger price than at home for the spa treatments. Beautiful heated pools and hot tubs, saunas, gardens, staff very friendly and helpful. Very happy with our choice for this adult getaway weekend. Only drawback: eat elsewhere. Restaurants in house are only so so.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here and will be back!Highly recommend if your looking for a top tier hotel off the strip. Everything from the room, staff, grounds were just about flawless.Only gripe was with the quality of the restaurants and buffet which just really all needs to be revamped.
3	A very nice place to stay.  Friendly people.  Clean and comfortable.  My only complaint was the hidden resort fee to cover the "free" wi-fi.  I realize it's Vegas which is the land of deception, but I guess I expected more from a Merriott.  That being said, it was worth the money even after I had to pay the hidden resort fee.
4	Elegant hotel, spacious room, jacuzzi tub, view of the golf course, good service personnel.  All this for an excellent rate.  Since we have relatives in town, this will be our go-to hotel when visiting from now on.
3	I like the hotel... classy.  It has a decent irish pub, good buffet and several other nice amenities.  It's convenient to get to.  Gambling is questionable... I spent $700 the other day and didn't win a single jackpot playing video poker and keno.  Very unusual.  Played mostly quarters.  Maybe I'll go back but I might not gamble there again.
5	Because this hotel is a little further from the strip, the price is a lot cheaper. The room style resembles to the one in MGM grand, and the service is top notch - after all, it is JW Marriott. Definitely recommend it you want a good experience in Vegas and yet don't want to pay too much. Shuttles to the strip is provided.
