3	It's crazy to me that this place is set up IDENTICALLY to our Post Office in Kentucky. LOL. Kinda tripped me out. The positive of this post office is that there wasn't anyone there when we got there (probably because it was 2:30 on a Saturday). It was pretty apparent that the staff didn't want to be there. They did their job, but without an ounce of friendliness. We got our packages shipped - so the place is functional, but the customer service is meh.
2	Bare bones post office location with no APC machine so you have to wait in line to mail things. Horrible customer service, and the employees are typically rude and impatient...makes the wait in line even worse because you get up to the counter and the staff for some reason is pissed off every day...the type of attitude that makes you wonder if they'll go postal one day... Although they have bad attitudes, this place is fairly efficient and they get the line moving at a decent speed. I've never had to wait more than 20 min in line, which is short compared to other locations.
1	Super slow! Don't come here if you are in a hurry! 4 registers, only 1 open and super long line. One guy standing there, watching the lady work who is working the only open register! Won't come here again !  Must be nice to just stand around WATCHING others work! DUMBASS!UPDATE:  WOW talk about R U D E! So I finally get to the front of the line only for stupid asian lady to give me the hand and tell me she is closed.  So I step over to the next line where the lady there was opening (so it appeared), when I stepped over she put up her CLOSED sign and walked away.  Before I could make it over to the third line that had just opened some old bat cut in front of me.  I didn't say anything to her since she was old.  She left and I walk over to line 3 where i was greeted by VIVIAN (she is afro-american), I set my box up on the counter. She flipped out on me stating what you just gonna throw your box up here, again I placed my box on the counter as calmly and nicely as possible.  Then proceeded to berate me saying what do you want me to do with it.  I calmly stated, well generally when you come into the post office to mail a package you place it on the counter and the clerk provided you with excellent customer service and handles the transaction from there.  She yelled at me stating that I needed to wait to be called! I said WHY, the lady you just helped cut in front of me.  Anyway, her ruddiness was uncalled for.  Apparently the Post Office needs to have a training class in customer service skills because she was clearly lacking.  In fact she if damn lucky to have her cushy government job and should be polite to ALL the customers that come through the doors there, without them she wouldn't have that job in the first place!  Just a warning DO NOT get in VIVIAN's line if you can help it, she is a rude BIOTCH!  Completely uncalled for.  THANKFULLY I don't live near this location would NEVER in my life go there again if my life depended on it!
1	I prefer not to use the post office at all.  However I placed an ordere from a company that ships by the post office.  The tracking stated it was out for delivery.  The package never arrived and the statuss never changed.  I called the post office (this location)  who was in charge of delivering to see if I could pick up the package.  The person who answered the line,  had no idea where my pacakge was and advised I would be called back but I was not.  Everytime I called after that the line was busy. The customer service at most post offices are terrible,  which is why I absolutley rfuse to use them myself.  I probably will not order from the company again,  though it's not their fault,  I don't want to deal with the post office with my pacakges in the future.
1	So frustrated. I've complained to this location 3x already about not having me sign for my "SIGNATURE REQUIRED" mail. The management there obviously have no management skills or coaching skills. It's ridiculous it's happened 4x with the same mail lady I've had for 2.5 years. The first time I let it slide. Also, the staff always seems unhappy. I tried making a joke one day and nothing. At least smile once in awhile :)
