4	one word: awesomeThe Hualapai are working hard to make the West Rim much more comfortable for tourists.I had a blast, and reconciled my underestimation of the Grand Canyon once and for all with my first visit. Will be back if possible to see the additions to the skywalk. The buffet was YUM! Did have options for vegetarians, if not the healthiest, it was delicious comfort food.
2	fairly disappointing.  we rented a car because we wanted to avoid a "package tour" and make a few stops along the way.  little did we know that you actually have to PAY to get anywhere close to the edge of the canyon.  we weren't interested in the skywalk, but if we had been it would have been an ADDITIONAL charge of 30 bucks per person.  it just didn't seem worth it.  i think we were also a little disillusioned by the fact that they had actually figured out a way to charge people to look at the grand canyon.  i mean, seriously?  we took a few photos from the parking lot and turned back, only to get a flat tire a few miles down the road.  some sort of omen for complaining about the hualapai tribe charging money to look at a natural wonder?  who knows......... two stars for a scenic/interesting drive through the joshua trees and surrounding desert.note: if you try to make this trek on your own and rent a car like we did, be sure you get an SUV/collision insurance.  the rental place conveniently failed to mention the 20 mile drive down a winding dirt road as well as the fact that any damage sustained to the car on an unpaved road is not covered.  so use caution!
5	This was a highlight of our trip, after reading the various reviews we were skeptical at first.  We wanted see the Grand Canyon but really did not want to pay the 130 pp.  We had a rental car and after some research we realized that the park and ride located about 1 mile from the dirt road turnoff was only $10pp.  Once you arrive you can choose the package you want we went with the Spirit Tour I think for $42pp, it allows you to see the Grand Canyon without 5000 of your closest friends and you don't have to worry about your rental car getting damaged.  The buffet is additional on this tour about 13.00 pp and was good.  Highly recommend this trip if you have time and want to see the Grand Canyon before it gets commercialized.
4	My boyfriend (who is from England) and I took a day trip from Vegas to see the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.  While I admire the Hualapai for preserving their land and using tourism as an industry to fund their tribe, I must admit that the entire experience was a tad expensive.  There is a charge to simply drive on their land (around $20/pp) and the Skywalk was approximately another $30/pp extra.  My boyfriend was overwhelmed at the view, but having been to the South rim and North rims previously, I felt this area was not quite as scenic.  We had some overcast weather, though, and that might have added to the impression.The Skywalk was pretty spectacular and fun.  I spent half the time scraping my boyfriend off the railing as he was super afraid of heights.  It is not for the weak, but definitely worth conquering those fears to get a very unique view.  You are not allowed to take cameras on the Skywalk, but they have a photographer who takes your picture that you can purchase afterwards.  Again -- a little expensive for me.  In terms of food -- when you pay for the Skywalk, it includes a meal.  Skip the cafe or the second stop places and head straight to the Cowboy Ranch.  The BBQ there was really delicious -- complete with jalepeno cornbread.Overall -- it was a nice day trip with only a 3 hour drive from Vegas, however I might make a 2-day trip next time and hit the North Rim instead -- for the more colorful vistas.  Some additional tips:  The drive there turns into a 20-mile dirt road that is rough in patches, so don't bring your sports car.  Also -- the literature says it takes 2 hours to reach from Vegas.  We drove fairly quickly on the freeways and it still took us over 3 hours.  Plan your time wisely.  Also -- a word to the wise.  There was a man who was very disrespectful towards the Hualapai dances and demonstrations.  This is THEIR land.  As a whole, Native Americans have been treated very badly over the last 300 years.  Show a little respect for their willingness to open up their home to you and share their culture.
4	Grand Canyon West is a once-in-a-lifetime experience so how can you place a price on that?  It was expensive, I will admit, but worth it.  If it cost less, I would make my rating 5 stars because we truly enjoyed our day so much.So, we decided to drive from Las Vegas.  That was great.  We decided to rent a car rather than take my friend Tommy's car.  That was the best decision we made.  The road to Grand Canyon West is not entirely paved...or at least it wasn't during our visit in 2008.  For that reason, you really wouldn't want to take your own car.  Rental cars are allowed to go, so you might as well beat up the rental ride.  Plus, you get to go across the Hoover Dam, which is another great place to stop on the way if time permits.Once you get there, you have to pay for parking.  I think the rate was $30 per car.  From there, you can walk to the sales office to choose what tours/activities you would like to do.  They have everything from helicopter and airplane tours to Hummer tours, ATV tours and rafting trips.We choose to take the bus tour that provides access to the Skywalk and a handful of other tour locations on the reservation.  The tickets were $30 each for the bus tour.  At the Skywalk, we had to get tickets to go out on the glass ledge.  Those tickets were $30 each.  The Skywalk isn't as large as you might expect, but standing out on the glass and looking down into the canyon gives you a unique perspective.  I highly recommend this.  On the walkway, there are photographers to take your photo.  Cameras are not allowed.  They will try to sell you photos after you are finished, but we didn't buy any.  I recall they were $20-50, depending on the package you selected.After the Skywalk, we explored and ate one of the best tacos I have ever tasted.  Think taco but instead of a tortilla shell, they served it in a special flat bread.  Yum!  The reservation is interesting and there are a number of beautiful lookouts like Guano Point.  We spent most of our day hiking around and relaxing in the sun.  It was a full day from start to finish...I think we left The Bellagio at 8:30am and returned around 9:00pm.  Grand Canyon West has accommodations (teepees and cabins) but we opted to drive back to Vegas and gamble the night away.
2	They completely jack you at the skywalk. Period. They totally do. Yeah so you get to walk on this bridge made of glass that you look straight down into the canyon. But due to stupid people dropping stuff, you are no longer allowed to bring anything with you, aside from sunglasses. No cameras, no video cameras, no cell phones, nothing that your dumb @ss could possibly drop. good going retards from before, your butter fingers couldn't hold onto stuff huh? so cause of that they take the pictures for you, and damn do they jack up the prices. but hey its an experience. you take a few pics and you're amused, but damn its pricy. and you have to wear booties on your shoes. each day they change the colors and patterns so be amused!yes you can jump on it. you can do whatever stupid thing you want on it, just don't jump off it.
3	Go to the South rim to really experience the Grand Canyon.  If you drive here, be prepared that the last 12-14 miles is unpaved and quite bumpy.  Also, water can and will build up in certain areas so your car/rental car will probably look like crap afterwards.This place is really just a huge money making sham since they charge you for just about everything. Bottom line: The canyon is still awesome and you can't take away from that, but the price gouging is pretty bad.  The only activity worth doing here is the helicopter tour that takes you to the bottom of the canyon.
4	Took this bus tour on Monday and although its an early day [and a long day], I recommmend it. Although I have heard great things about the South Rim, we decided to take the West Rim tour because it was closer by and hour or two and we didnt want to waste our whole day and be too exhausted at night to do anything.Our driver was Tony , who was very funny. He made the tour a bit comical, along with his history and facts.The tour is good because you get to go on your own and do what you want. There are 3 different stops. You get a free meal voucher at whichever stop you would like to eat at. First, you take a shuttle a few minutes away to Eagle Point, where you first overlook the Grand Canyon [With the Skywalk as optional. We decided not to do the SkyWalk because you arent allowed to take photos. They take a photo of you for, I believe, $30-35.] Then you take the next shuttle over to Guano Point, where you overlook more of the canyon, with different views. After this, you take a shuttle to Hululapai Village. The minute you walk in, you feel like you stepped into an old-fashioned country western. From cowboys lassoing to bow and arrows to horseshoes. We ate here and the food was very satisfying. There was entertainment [magician and singer]. After doing this, we went back to the bus to wait. Now here comes the negative. After our driver complained and begged for everyone to NOT be late.... he was 30 mins late! And then a bunch of tourists were another 30 minutes late! Which means we left an hour after intended. On the way back, we passed the Hoover Dam. We were let off to take photos of the Hoover Dam, however, we had no view of it! Whatever photos we took were on the bus. The photos off the bus were a view of the back of the dam [I think?]Pros: - Taking a bus and not having to drive- Obviously the view- Get to see 3 different areasCons:- I feel there was too much time given [how long can you look at the canyon and how many pix can be taken of the same thing?]- Its a tiring day [from traveling, heat, walking, time]
4	My 4 stars is for the view and for Grand Canyon West prior to the opening of the Skywalk.Years ago before the Skywalk was built, I drove here with a friend.  At that time, basic admission was around $21 with the tribal tax.  We took the bus to Eagle Point and Guano Point.  Pieces of the Skywalk were laying near the edge as they were looking for financing to complete the project.  There was an Indian village there where they had some different styles of housing the Indians used.  There was also some native dancing.After Eagle Point, we shuttled to Guano Point where we explored the remnants of the mining area, and I walked to the top of Guano Point.  We had our own lunch there that we brought with us.  We took the shuttle back to the parking lot and drove back to Las Vegas.  Much has changed since then.  You pay for things you may not want--food and Skywalk.  You are really a captive audience and you pay the price to go there.
2	The scenery views are gorgeous! It's the only reason why I bumped it up one more star: cuz of the views. The "tour" itself was terrible, more like non-existent.The price for the tour, entrance fees, bus shuttles, food were over priced. First off, the bus ride was terrible. We kinda knew that the bus was jankier than the tour bus we took going there, especially since the windows weren't completely sealed. It seemed like the windows were about to fall off the bus entirely. Any how, there was this one stretch where we were just going through paved dirt with big rocks protruding here and there, making the ride extremely bumpy and stuff started falling off the upper compartments. To make things worse, a car on the opposite side of the road zoomed past us, stirring up dust everywhere...even INSIDE the bus. Talk about a literal dust bowl in your tour bus. That was fun...everybody hacking away, while others were grabbing for whatever napkin, tissue, paper, plastic BAGS, to cover their mouths with. Then upon arrival, there wasn't too much to see. I mean, the views were great, don't get me wrong, but that's nature. I am referring to the native american dance. They seemed so lethargic...And all we saw were them going about in a circle, shuffling their feet. We were waiting for 10 mins to see if they would change their dance a lil, maybe add some hand motions, but I kinda knew that they wouldn't be since one of the women (of two dancers) was already holding a water bottle with both her hands. How can you dance while holding onto something unless you weren't going to use it?Guano Point: Where we got to eat the food...wasn't at all special. It was more of an American meal, but overpriced. The view was, once again, amazing, but you would think that since they charge us so much, why don't they do something special...I mean, there are many areas that you can go into Grand Canyon for free, and you can experience the same views and such, but if you wanted to charge people, at least do something to make it memorable.
4	We just got back from a trip to Vegas in late October, 2011.  Set out at 8 a.m. with a rental (do NOT take your own car as the 18 mile dirt/gravel road will rack your underbelly) and followed directions from their website.  Kind of a "is this the right way" feeling getting there-- but we followed tour buses so it seemed right.  18 mile dirt road is bizzare-- hard to believe they can't have the thing paved now with 4 years of revenue now under their belt.  Bottom line- we had a great experience here, but were surprised by the lack of more organization and order within the stops.  Take in the beauty of nature and try to remember that probably all major sites (e.g.- Mount Rushmore) must have started slowly with their facilities too...We got plenty of photos and will remember the trip forever.  Lots of funny stories and observations before, during and after the trip.
5	I have been to the south rim and the west rim of the Grand Canyon. They are both amazing and breath taking. The West Rim is amazing and the history is so rich compard to the South Rim! The views of Eagle Point are breath taking and leave you speechless every time you think of the sight. The Skywalk will make you feel like you are walking on air! They make you put little booties over your shoes to protect the glass and it is worth it, it looks just as if you are floating 4,757 feet! However, the little booties didn't look too good in our $30 photo.There are some traditional Native American houses and building you can tour and members of the  Hualapai tribe in traditional clothing as well. If you are lucky you will get to see a song and dance.The mine left me pretty speechless, (I had no idea people mined for bat poop! How resourceful lol.)The prices are NOT bad when you take into consideration that this is a tourist destination, one of the 7 wonders of the world, and a Native American reservation.If you have an opportunity to visit one of the seven wonders of the world do it! The memories and pictures will last a life time, it is worth every penny!
4	My girlfriends and I were planning to go to South Rim and ended up here because one of them wanted to do skywalk, not knowing how expensive it is.  The road to this place is absolutely horrible.  You do not want to have a nice car because it could be ruined.  The entrance fee is $44 and the skywalk is $37.  So the total cost would be $81.  I am aware they have a tour from Vegas for $99 with transportation and food.  This would be a better deal if you are not planning to see anywhere else than the strip and the west rim than renting a car and paying the separate entrance fee and skywalk.    We ended up buying just the entrance fee with military discount for $36, not the skywalk because the lady at the counter told us we could buy the skywalk there if we decide to do it.  When we got there, the skywalk looked terriblely smaller than what it seems in pictures.  You cannot take your own camera to skywalk so you might end up buying their picture if you want one for what...another $20?  So we decided it was not worth the $37.  The Eagle point and Guano point were amazing!  At the eagle point, you can see the rocks look like an eagle and a laying dog.  So cute!  At the Guano point, you can see 360 degrees of Grand Canyon...just breath taking!  I definitely felt this place was overpriced, knowing that south rim is only $25 per vehicle and I was going to get in for free because of the free military annual pass for national parks.  But if you are not planning to rent a car or if you have only a few days in Vegas, I would recomend just paying $99 and see this place.  It is a lot closer than south rim.
1	03/08/12My spouse and I came to this section of the Grand Canyon to celebrate an anniversary, and to do the Grand Canyon Skywalk.Bad idea.The entry fees for the two of us, no perks, just to use the buses and see 3 stops around that part of the Canyon, were $81.68. You read that correctly. Nearly $100. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. STAY AWAY.
5	Just went here yesterday and I had a wonderful time, views are just amazing. There are a few individuals to answer your questions or just hear about the land, which is a plus, not sure if you can take pictures with them or not, but out of respect I never asked.Thanks again for a great time. Will be back.
5	For the reviewer that suggested putting a fence for safety: Some areas do have fences but it is stupid to suggest putting more fences.  Just watch your kids and wherever you're going because obviously a place like the Grand Canyon is a place that's dangerous if taken lightly.Yes it's beautiful but don't let its beauty distract you and bring the stupid out.  You don't want to be part of the statistic on the amount of careless tourists that fall off the Grand Canyon every year. Be careful, be alert, and enjoy.   And I don't want the grand canyon's natural beauty to be ruined by putting up fences because of stupid people who don't know how to stay safe.  No one goes to a fenced canyon.  With that said, the unpaved road was the worst ever!  I don't know if it was the company that we booked our tour with or maybe that's what all the companies do but when we were picked up from our hotel we rode in a nice bus.  Then we switched over to a BEATEN bus. Seriously, beaten bus.  At first I didn't understand why and then I understood as we rode through that unpaved, VERY DUSTY road.  It was the most miserable bus ride I've ever had.  Our bus had no air conditioning (thank God it was winter time when we went otherwise we would be sweating and suffocating at the same time).  It was so dusty that even with the bus windows shut the dust still managed to cloud the inside of the bus.  No exaggeration, that's how bad it was.  I had to close my eyes and cover my nose because I was breathing in sand and dust.  I almost wanted my money back until we arrived to the Grand Canyon then I forgot about that road.For those driving to the west rim and think you're cool by taking your Mercedes or driving with your top down, I laugh at you.So instead of investing money on fences, invest money on that awful unpaved road.People complain about the price for the Skywalk.  Of course it's expensive.  Building it was expensive and maintaining it is expensive.  Although the pictures were expensive ($30 for one single picture that comes in a nice quality frame/folder) we didn't care because it was one of those "once in a lifetime" thing.  We figured it's not like we were coming back at the Grand Canyon again soon and if we were, we will try a different rim.  So quit being cheap and fork over the dough.  Otherwise don't go to the Skywalk.  Simple as that.
4	Went up with a tour bus for the Groupon $99 deal with meals.  Made the trip planned and pleasant.  We had 3 1/2 hours upon arrival - did the Skywalk which is amazing! Went to Guano Point the views are even more amazing!  There's a walk to the old aerial tram and a point you can walk up.  Even though you have spent $100 plus on the day - bring $100 extra in cash to shop the Hualapai artists under the tent at Guano Point.  They have beautiful things...I only had my debit card and fell in love with a pair of earrings and a ring that I couldn't buy.I will go again - the day was amazing.
4	This place was amazing!  I came here via the comedy on deck tour company, so my trip  to and from there was virtually painless since I didnt have to drive myself, and I'm sure on a tour bus it's less bumpy driving in, because the road to there is mostly dirt and then paved for a little bit before arriving.  Once you get there, there is a bus system that runs along the west rim to the designated points of interest: a ranch, which there is no reason to spend time here especially if you're on a tight schedule because you cant even see the canyon from here, then eagle's point, and then guano point.  To me, Eagle Point was the prettiest, from the right angle or when there is more shadows on it, you can definitely see an eagle spreading it's wings in the canyon.  It is a sacred place to the Hualapai, which is the Native American nation who controls this area, and maybe the whole grand canyon, I'm not sure.  There are NO railings at any point of this part of the canyon for a number of reasons, so idk if I would bring my little ones even if I was going to carry them, because you have to be sure not to fall off yourself haha, seriously there is loose dirt and gravel everywhere, it's really scary, especially at Guana Point.  There is a little hill you can climb up at Guano Point for a really neat photo op, but you have to climb over a precarious path and I wasn't down for that haha, but we did do some considerable exploring and climbing and hiking around other paths, just be really, really careful, I cannot stress that enough.  I also recommend coming in with a tour company for a relatively painless experience and not feeling like the canyon is nickeling and diming you to get in and park, since you pay all those fees upfront before going.  But this is really a great experience!  I got some great photos and you feel like you're in another world because the landscape is so different, well, to me it is, being a SoCal native and only seeing beaches and mountains.  But yea, I definitely recommend going.  Oh, and I wouldn't waste money on the skywalk, it doesn't go out far from the canyon and it's mighty expensive - you get better photos just bringing a camera or a really good camera phone and going to the points.  You should also bring extra money if you like or know someone that likes Native American stuff, because the tribe makes some stuff and there's also a gift shop at the entrance - don't forget to stop by there on your way out to get your certificate of coming to the canyon - it's free :-)  I also recommend bringing in your own food, we brought in Subway and saved it to eat at Guana Point, it was very nice and we saved money there.
4	Yes, it is a 2.5 hour drive from the Las Vegas Strip and the last portion of the trip (approximately 10 miles or so) is unpaved / under construction; due to be completed by June 2014.  Yes, it costs a few bucks, but isn't over priced compared to anything else in / around Las Vegas.  You are not allowed to take your own cameras / pictures from the Sky Bridge itself, but you can take all you want from anywhere else / around it.  No, the people running the place were not rude. I did not feel cheated or ripped off.  If Las Vegas is as close as you'll ever get to the Grand Canyon, the West Rim view will fill the bill.  Make a day of it...stop at Hoover Dam en route or on the way back!
2	the view is truly breath taking so is the price but since my husband and i want our parents to have a wonderful experience we took the bus tour with lunch at the SKYWALK CAFE which turns so AWFUL!!! Those people are serving food is soooooo RUDE!!! you will give your ticket to the first window and move to the second window to get your order. second window doesn't have any shade and you have to wait under the sun. since it was too hot to wait infront of the second window my husband my aunt and i decided to stay on the shaded area. Missing that our number was called. A couple is waiting for their order and told my husband that our number was called. So what my husband did, he tapped lightly the window to ask if we can get our order which is already set on a tray and we can see it. The older man who opened the window gave my husband an attitude saying... "could you give me a second and wait?!"  Like hellooooooo! we are asking. The couple who were waiting told my husband that they are really rude... probably same man gave him an attitude as well.  then number 44 was called which was the couples order. It was a lady who gave their order. And shebis about to slide close the window again without asking us since we are waiting. So my husband excuse himself and ask if order 43 is ready? She looked at my husband like she is ready to eat him and got the first tray of our order and threw on the table so was the second tray. Then SLAMMED the window. That's how they treat PAYING customers who drove all the way hoping to have a nice experience visiting their PROMOTED attractions. We didn't begged for that FOOD. We paid for it. YOU ARE RUDE PEOPLE!You can take the tour but SKIP the food served at SKYWALK CAFE... there are other kiosk available.Rude! POOR SERVICE!!!!
2	This place just screams tourist trap, from the absurdly high ticket prices to the dozens and dozens of stalls and vendors trying to sell you stuff. The Skywalk is not as cool as it sounds, and if you've already seen the Grand Canyon from another viewing area (like Grand Canyon Village), it definitely isn't worth it to do this tour as well.
4	I took this tour as part of a Pink Jeeps Tour so go check that review for specifics on how Pink Jeeps handles their part of it.On the Western rim tour, the part of the Canyon that you visit is actually in a Native American reservation.  When you arrive, you park in a big lot and enter the main building. The main building looks kind of like one of those inflatable football fields with the white plastic walls.  It's rather large though, and fully air conditioned.  There is a bathroom and a good gift shop here, but I recommend waiting to hit it until the end of your tour (you go back out through this same building.  As you leave the main building you go to a small covered bus stop area, where you get on shuttle buses run by the Native tribe (the Hualapai).   The buses run from this first station every so often (15-30 mins?) between three separate stops.  There are typically people at each bus stop who you can ask questions if you get lost or want some information.  They are very nice, and usually dressed in traditional garb.  On the day we went, there were a couple of Pink Jeep groups, a lot of mainland Chinese tourists, as well as a number of people not on organized tours, who had driven themselves to the area.  It was not super crowded though, which was nice. The buses actually go back out the same road you just came in on, so don't be alarmed; you will end up back at the 'main building' after 3 stops.The first stop is the Hualapai ranch.  This must be a tourist trap or something, because nobody got off the bus for it.  They give a short announcement of what it is.  The Pink Jeep guy didn't let anyone get off for this and none of the other tourists on the bus got off.  All I can say is, if you want more time at the actual Canyon, skip the first stop.The 2nd stop is the Skywalk:  You can stop here and get out even if you have no plans to walk the glass bridge.  There is a gift ship here, inside the building.  Actually walking on the bridge costs $32.50, and I did it, but for a family of four, I don't think $130+ is worth it.  Reading the other reviews here, and talking to other people, the prices must change, maybe by the season, or maybe I got a special price as part of the Pink Jeep Tours.  I guess you should call first to find out how much the Skywalk costs.  It is a loop that goes out above a section of the canyon, but the view isn't as impressive as I thought it would be.  Note that they make you empty your pockets completely; no cellphones, cameras, change, batteries, etc.  At least the lockers where you leave this stuff is free and you take the key with you.  Then you have to go through a metal detector.  As a result, you have to pay them to take pictures of you.  First, you have to get the attention of one of the workers, who will tend to ignore you for larger groups, because they buy more pictures than singles or couples.  Pro tip; enjoy looking around for a while on the bridge after you get pictures taken, because you have to wait for the camera guy to take pictures of other people and then go inside and download the pictures from the camera.  When you go inside, you tell them who your photographer was (and in my case, wait 10 minutes until he dropped off his camera for download).  You then go through the pictures with the first series of cashiers, to figure out which pictures you want.  I don't know the different prices, I was in a rush and just got the whole set of pictures (6 or 7) on a USB drive, which was $80(!).  You go pay a different cashier, and then come back to the first one to get the pictures either printed out or put on a USB drive. Pro Tip: Don't forget to go get your cellphone and keys out of the locker before you leave. The third stop is Guano point.  Upon approach, you go through a cafeteria where they have a few different choices; BBQ chicken, pulled pork, or a veggie plate.  As part of the Pink Jeep tour, we got wrist bands which were showed to get in and eat for free (obviously, the cost of the lunch is rolled into the Pink Jeep Tour somehow, but I can't say how much lunch cost because I didn't pay separately for it).  I got the BBQ chicken which comes with mashed potatoes, veggies, and a roll, plus some bottled water.  It was pretty good.Guano Point is named for some crazy scheme to harvest nitrogen-rich bat poop (guano) for use in explosives and fertilizer.  The hulking old rusty metal contraption used to shuttle workers to the bat cave is still there (though broken and in pieces).  You can look around in the building.Guano point is really the best of the three stops, in my opinion.  After eating lunch, I climbed up the little hill there and got amazing 360 degree views (and pictures).  One interesting thing is that the native-operated part of the Canyon doesn't have railings and fences; you can actually sit on the edge of the canyon! It's interesting to see how few safety devices are mandated when you are outside of Federally controlled land.
1	Ridiculously high prices. $75 dollars a person to look over the west rim of the Grand Canyon. Not paying those prices. What a rip off.
1	not worth going to. go to the south rim its better because u can take pictures there as well as free shuttle buses and a theatre. you have to pay to get in on the west rim as well as not bringing no phones no camera. what is the use of paying $74 a person to go on the skywalk and then not using your camera to take photos that is a rip off. everyone comes miles and miles away to come here to take photos.
5	EXCELLENT!!! Our guide, Tommy, was outstanding! Extremely knowledgable and considerate of his guests. The tour was everything it confessed to be.
5	Breathtaking. After reading some rather average reviews I nearly didn't go. Stopped at Hoover Dam on the way and stayed at the Grand Canyon til sunset. We saved our dollars and paid only the minimum fee for the access and bus trip to the three locations (no Skywalk). Don't feel like we missed out at all and happy to have only forked out $43 to access this amazing wonder. Don't get sucked in to spend more. Absolutely recommend.
5	If you don't have time to drive to the south rim, and want to see some grand canyon, this is a good option. I thought it was a little pricey initially, but I am glad I decided to pay. The people were very nice, and the views were spectacular. Not nearly as mind blowing as the south rim, but I was satisfied and happy with the experience and price.
