2	The store on 91st Avenue, in Peoria, has been open for a while, but I just got around to checking it out a few weeks ago, when I was redoing my guest bedroom.  Up until this evening, it's been great, but up until this evening, I haven't had to test their customer service skills.  Bad training.Over the weekend, I bought a stretched canvas print and it had a coordinating print, but the coordinating print was poorly stretched, and you could tell the canvas was kind of 'floppy'.  I didn't buy it this past weekend for that reason, but after thinking about it, I knew I could bring it home and re-stretch it, but didn't feel like I should have to pay full retail for it, being that I would have to 'fix it'.  I asked the cashier if she would give me a discount, because of how poorly it was stretched.  She said "that's the way they all are".  I told her that I just bought the coordinating print to this one and it was stretched fine.  She said "the most I could give you is 10%" and then made a couple of snide comments like "I guess I don't know my products" and "I'm not lying, they are all like that."  After her comments, I told her never mind, and she said, "ok!  have a nice night!"  VERY snotty.  I think At Home needs to train their help in Customer Service a little bit better.  Oh, this all happened around 5:45 p.m. tonight, so in case any management people read this, you should be able to figure out who I'm referring to.  Blonde, no makeup, rude, cashier.
2	I am a Professional Designer and after the way I was treated by one of the "staff" members hanging up on me and then after calling back she would not even answer the store phone I was convinced that this person was extremely unprofessional in her job and should not even be working for the Company Garden Ridge which by the way is located in Plano, TX. I called the chief of operations for the corp office and a few others at the top level and let them know about this staff member. I had already spent a $1,000 and was prepared to spend an additional $3,000 to $4,000 today but why should I give a company like this my money with  staff treating me like garbage. Forget it I will take my business else where where I get treated like I am the customer and I get some respect and not hung up on. Oh and I called back 4 hours later and the SAME person answered the phone and she put me on hold and never came back. Unreal. I suggest you NEVER CALL if you plan to shop with these idiots. FYI they do have some incredible items IF you go through the junk to find a few jewels. Great prices on certain items like Big Mirrors are a steal. Art work very reasonable prices if you need fill-in art. Good luck to you all.
4	A major positive of this store is the selection of unique furniture and wall art. I was looking for canvas paintings and there were aisles of them and at an affordable price, which is very difficult to find. There were also plenty of other accents and furniture all over the store, lots of beautiful and unique finds. I like vintage and antique shops, but they tend to carry items that need to be restored and are still pretty pricey so I'd rather go to a store like this and just buy something new that is still unique.
