4	What do you want an Italian Restaurant to be?Cheesy.  Saucey.  Greasy.  Tastey.  That is what describes my party's mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers, onion rings, fries and my Steak Calzone.I was taken here during my lunch break from work and I was not disappointed.  There were more than enough workers to compensate for the lunch rush.  The food was prepared fresh and fast.  The prices were cheap and fair.  The portions were huge and caused a nice food coma during my business trip to "PGH."  Thus, I would recommend going here on Thursday or Friday lunches..because everyone knows...no work gets done Thursday and Friday afternoon anyways q=).
3	A heavy hand touches everything at Mama Lucia's, unfortunately their generosity with toppings and serving sizes end up hurting the final product. I stopped in for lunch and ordered 2 slices (one with pepperoni and olives the other with mushrooms and sausage) and a side salad. Both slices were a nice size, however, the way they were served created an awkward eating situation. Rather than topping two individual slices they topped half of a 4 cut pizza to match my order. The slices were also an odd shape, essentially they were the chode of the pizza world (wider than they were long). This made it nearly impossible to pick them up and eat them by hand without getting sauce from ear to ear. They also violated my number 1 pizza sin and overloaded the slices with cheese. This made for a doughy center were the crust was slightly undercooked. Their over loading of the cheese didn't stop at the pizza. My side salad came topped with an honest cup and a half of mozerella cheese. Underneath the white blanket there was a huge handful of red onion, a tomatoe slice, and some bland iceburg. On a positive note, they do make a great homemade vinegarette.Each day of the week they have a $3 lunch special. One of my co-workers always goes on Wednesday for their lasagna (a portion that may not fit in a shoe box). I'd try Mama Lucia's again for a sandwich or pasta, but I'm staying away from the pizza and salad.
4	Calzones are excellent. Highly recommended, very filling and cheap. Pizza is good but not great. Can't beat the price in downtown Pittsburgh, 16 inch for $10.50. Been here four times in two weeks
4	Great pricing on food! A hoagie, fries, & drink is $6 & some change. They have different daily specials for each day of the week. Monday= 6in meatball... wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie. Their calzones look good. I often order a cash fry (chicken, fries and melted mozzarella cheese. You can add veggies for a small price) Also, if they seem full downstairs, the entire 2nd floor is seating. No worries!
4	Place is pretty simple, cheap and the pizza is nice and oily, but warm out of the oven.
4	Large portions, great ingredients at a low cost. For these reasons we over-ordered, but hey... Leftovers! Not much ambiance (1 star ding), but we found this to be a low-maintenance spot with great Italian food at a great value.
