2	Well, I feel bad leaving a review based on only being in the place for five minutes, but I was not impressed at all. I guess this bar used to be on Chandler Blvd before taking over the old Famous Sams spot here on Alma School and Ray. Now the Sams was a real dive but I always knew that going into the place. The Stadium Club spent weeks remodelling, and honestly it does show. The place looks cleaner and is a little classier. We went there on a Sunday afternoon to catch a game. They had plenty of new Hi Def TV's but they did something I can't stand: Standard Definition on all their Hi Def TV's! If you're gonna do that you might as well put in standard TV's; why? Cause it will look better. We had trouble just reading the scores and the screen stretch meant we were missing part of the game.But in reality we left because after five minutes there was still no bartender to be found. We sat there looking over the taps and making small talk with the few bar flies that were in the place. No beer for us. Oh well, we can spend our money somewhere else, easily.With a few choices within a one mile radius, we decided to bail. Will I be back? Not by my choice.
3	We were driving by and saw their $2.99 lunch special sign.  Since it was lunch time and we were hungry, we decided to stop in.  It was about 11:30 on a Friday morning and surprisingly there place was populated by a bunch of men drinking and eating.  (No one works in AZ?)We grabbed a couple menus on the way in, but quickly caught on that we needed their "lunch specials" menu - which we went and got.The bartender/server/cook? was the only one in the place waiting on all of us.  So, the wait was a little much considering.The $2.99 lunch special was a hamburger and a drink.  So, I ordered the 1/2 tuna sandwich with side salad for $3.99 and my hubby got the fajita roll up for $5.99  (drinks come with).  Our lunch bill was just a little over $10 for the two.    Food was o.k.  Nothing spectacular, but just simple good food.  The place is clean, lots of TVs and arcade games, a small stage area (for a band or karaoke (?)) and ample free parking.  The only suggestion I would have is maybe hire another person to help out.  Although probably quite capable (and possibly the owner), one person just isn't enough.Will we return?  Maybe, maybe not.
2	Stopped in here to watch a game on Sunday as this is a new bar for the area.There is something wrong with their TV's. The picture is blurry.  Which is not uncommon in a dive bar.  What is uncommon is that I had not had a single beer yet and the picture was blurry.  I finished my beer and moved on down the road.
4	We don't know what all the bad fuss is about, this a comfortable local sports bar with a huge beer selection, dirt cheap prices and loads, I mean loads of TVs! Food is sports bar fair but the beer and service is pretty good! Bathrooms are clean, which is unusual for a sports bar.  Hey for 2.99 lunch give them a try!
5	I went here for my birthday, 1st it was my life saver, it was the only place I could find in tempe, chandler, or mesa who did Karaoke on Tuesday nights. I went with a big group of friends and had a blast! the karaoke was the best I had seen with tons and tons of music to choose from , the food was Great, drinks very low! and service was amazing! this is now my new favorite bar!
5	Good drinks - I had pineapple jiuce with rum. Very tasty wings! Attentive and attractive staff. I had the opportunit to meet the owners Debbie & Keri, who would very professional and helpful. The place was packed at 5:30 pm on a Tuesday, so they are doing something right! I heard they  even have karaoke :) -
5	Great staff. Yummy food!
5	I visit Stadium Club several times a month.  Many of the reviews below were written not long after they reopened in their new location, so bugs were still being worked out.  I have become a regular there and the staff are all really great women, especially the owner, Kerri.  I have never seen anyone passed out drunk there, and the place is usually very well staffed for the size of the crowd, but let's face it, sometimes you get more people than anticipated.  Happens everywhere.Personally, I love the food.  They just started a new menu which features some great mexican entrees and appetizers and a new dessert.  Their burger sliders are excellent, and I have had their chicken caesar salad which was very good, as well as other items.   Drink specials are always good, and the place is always packed on Team Trivia and karaoke nights, and the live music is pretty damned good as well.  We love to go there and play NTN trivia.The place is always clean and the staff ALWAYS friendly.  I will continue to go there on a regular basis.  Monday nights are kids eat free night now.  My son loves the burger sliders. :)If you had a bad experience the first time, all I can say is you really should give it another go.  Just my opinion. :)
4	I hosted a networking lunch here yesterday and was very pleased with the level of service. The Staff was clearing plates and working the crowd with ease. Looks like a great evening hangout with Karaoke and every game is on. Check them out for Sunday football or enjoy live music with a cover band.
2	Server was friendly enough. Did not seem to care about her work though. My buddy's Guinness was foam from top to bottom and my Kilt Lifter was really skunky tasting. This and we were two of about 10 at the bar, so its not like they were super busy. I won't be going back.
3	After several bad visits, this right after they took over for famous sams, I decided to try again.  On a friday night, they had a trivia game that was hosted, then after that kareoke.  So there was lots of people in the bar -which was much improved from the last time I had been there when it was almost like a ghost town.  I had wings and a couple coronas.  Standard bar food, but the wings were good, although the ranch seemed thin and watered down. Does every bar try to squeeze every dime they can these days? But the carrots and celery were fresh cut which was good.  The 2 bartenders were attentive.  They HD tvs are a nice improvement from when it was famous sams.  Although I do miss the sam's chicken strips and frys - which I used to have almost every week.
1	We went to 'stadium club yesterday to watch our Packers play some football. They have a Packer fan club there. So we figure we would have a great time. We had anything but a good time. We got there right at kickoff. We sat down in a booth and not one waitress would even say hello or ask what we needed. I had to go to the bar to get my own drinks and a menu. By the end of the first quarter still not one waitress would give us the time of day. This place was a joke. Still the same ol Stadium club that was down the street.
3	I didn't come here for the food, but the apps I've had there are okay.  I've only come here because they have karaoke all the time and they have pool tables that I have yet to use.Service could be better.  We often wait awhile between drinks.  But the servers are friendly.The drinks are watered down.  Don't get anything with their sweet n sour mix.  Yuck!  Had to send those drinks back.  I've stuck to bottles ever since.  Although the place is never packed, there always seems to be a long wait to sing.  The KJ sings in between customers which is a no no in the business if you have as many singers as this place does.  The seating could use a little help as well.  It isn't very comfortable.  I think the only reason I gave this place 3 stars is because we know we can get our karaoke on and play some pool (someday).  It's not super pricey, but given the quality of their drinks, I would say they are overpriced.
2	So we had come here initially to meet up with some friends who had left us a lot earlier than i was hoping.  We had gotten to stadium club around 8:35 and wasn't approached by any staff member until 9:06pm. 1st negative of the night because i was hopeful to see how good their food/service was since this place is right down the street from us. :(We placed our orders for food and drink at the same time since we had the time to look at the menu. I was debating between the corona battered fish and chips or the big easy "CAJUN" spiced chicken sandwich.  The waitress said the big easy was popular which i find kind of hard to believe now.  But anyways i had ordered a arnold palmer which is just iced tea and lemonade another thing i wish i never ordered.You are probably wondering WHY? WHY? WHY? Am i right?First off the arnold palmer did not get to the table until after i received my food(because the tea was brewing apparently) when i was dying of thirst and extreme hunger. My boyfriend got his large glass of blue moon pretty fast. :(So as i was dehydrating thinking how slow it was going to get the stuff i ordered and out comes our food in like 30 minutes when all we ordered was  a chicken sandwich and a burger. As my side i ordered cole slaw which i yet again also REGRET. It lacked in flavor, and so did my chicken sandwich. It was seasoned with something but i tasted no kick or spice what so ever.  FAIL!!!  I wish i ordered the curly fries (which was my initial first pick) my boyfriend got them so i picked at them every once in awhile as usual.  The arnold palmer didnt even taste amazing. EVERYTHING I ORDERED WAS A EPIC FAIL. Thankfully when we got our check the lady was fast with that. So...i don't think i will be back by choice any time soon.Unless i have to drive my boyfriend there to meet up with people all i would get next time are a side of their curly fries if i am hungry.
2	So far we are here 10 minutes w/o anyone attending to us. The waitress we had the other day with prompt and excellent svc (Livia) isnt here. Apparently shes the only one who actually works. I would give it 1 star but for her good svc last time. The chili, potstickers, and cookie sundae were also good. Today is Saturday and there are only people at the bar...otherwise, plenty of seats. Must be the bad svc, cuz the food is pretty good.We went back a few more times after this; a blonde girl was also pretty good. My hubby loves the grilled wings.  BUT--don't go when it's busy, or they fall apart and you have to wait for a long time, which is basically what I read in other reviews and couldn't figure out why the first few times we went. Now I know.A tip for you: they don't allow kids in after 9pm, so we had to get our order to go. They messed it up. We again got one to go another night. Again, messed it up. So, don't get a carry-out order unless you have time to unbundle it right then and there and wait for them to fix whatever they messed up. Also, they let ppl smoke on their back patio--less than 5 feet from the sign that AZ law says you can't smoke 20 feet from an entrance.  I tried to call and tell them, but it was so loud in there that the lady didn't understand and went out the front door and found no one smoking. I actually tried to go in and tell them, but I had my bike and my son outside and didn't want to go too far in--but no one came to help me, so I went back out and called.  The lady was also put-off that she had to bring me my carry-out order outside. Well, had she actually HELPED me when I went inside, maybe we could have worked something out. Don't give me an attitude and expect me to tell people to go to your place of business. Paying customers are what pays your paycheck, hon. Drive them away and you'll find yourself out of a job or out of business.
4	Outside being A bar , it's A nice place for lunch . Good food , nice and clean .I had A lunch meeting . Didnt get to drink  , was working . Will return . All the best .
2	Yet another trivia place, Stadium Club is a very standard sports bar with Friday 6:30pm trivia and 4-7 Happy Hour. Doing a Friday Trivia at Happy Hour is probably not the best idea ever, since you have the March Maddness crowd mixed in with the HH crowd mixed in with trivia fans trying to listen microphoned questions at maximum volume: a little too much of everything is not good at all.Still I enjoyed the trivia, and the $1 off 32oz beers (at $5 each) is pretty enjoyable. For such a busy night I thought our server was attentive enough and that the general services (bar areas, bathrooms) were decent.Trivia aside, Stadium Club doesn't really have a whole lot to offer. Yes I love having TVs around to watch UM get their asses kicked and screw my bracket (*sad face*) but it doesn't seem as great when the food is just not up to par. The giant plate of nachos (with both beef and chicken) managed to have absolutely no flavor: tasteless retried beans (reminding of baby food) with sliced jalapenos and overcooked meat. Yeah, its bar food.. but not the good kind of bar food. The pretzels were a mixture of good and bad: the bread itself was soft and well cooked but the overload of salt and the cheap tasteless cheese dipping sauce made the whole combo worthless.I didn't have a horrible experience because after all, its really hard to F up beer and trivia, but Yelp says it best "Meh, I've experienced better". Sorry yo.
5	This is the Karaoke bar to come to in the East Vally, the host is entertaining and they have every song you can ask for that is worth singing anyway.  I always get greeted once I sit down and they treat you like one of the regulars right off the bat.  On Tue they have 20cent wings and you can have them grilled to perfection.
4	Well worn in bar, food was good. Happy Hour and daily drink specials.
4	Oh Stadium Club... I missed you. This is probably the only dive-bar I will go to. It's clean, the people are decent and the servers are usually on top of things. Trivia night can get pretty wild but the rest of the time its usually really laid back. FYI- Sunday it's a packers bar.  Oh and they have powerball and scratchers too :)
1	Food was fine, but my major complaint is the service. Our waitress (who may have been new) did a very poor job. My husband received his food FINALLY after all the rest of our group was already done eating, and that was after two reminders to our absent minded waitress- who by the way offered no apologies for the forgotten food and the incorrect soda that she delivered. Not at all happy with the service and no way could the quality of the food make up for it. And this is not the place to get a glass of wine... Instead you will get overpriced crappy mini wine bottles.
2	ok for a bar too crowded for Trivia.
3	We would come here all the time due to the proximity of our residence, but every time we come (about 3-4 times a year) we have to wait forever to sing.  I have only gotten to sing more than one song once in all the times we've been.  The KJ does not properly rotate singers and sings too much.  I use to KJ and know that his process is not working for several reasons.  A decision was made at this last visit not to return.  Time to find somewhere else close to home that has karaoke.  The only reason they get 3 stars is the service and new drink offerings.  Try the fruit loop vodka drink.  Yummy.  I will soon be making a complaint to management only because we want to come here monthly, but it is so frustrating that we don't and now our group will ignore this place completely.
5	Such a great place for food and drinks, minus the whole packer bar :), love going on Fridays for trivia, always good to chill and tear up the all you can eat fish! Staff is friendly, like most places on busy nights they can get backed up but my glass is never empty! Keep it up! Ashley is by far the best waitress on staff!
1	Their regular customers are not very friendly if you are not a packers fan. We had great service from our waitress. This place is perfect for a Green Bay packers fan. Their wings were good.
1	Sux
4	Okay, you got me. I like crappy beer. I like places that serve crappy beer cheap. I really like places that serve cold crappy beer cheapI'm in Chandler for a couple of nights for work. I want to drink cheap cold crappy beer, without a lot of hassle, without driving to Tempe and all its temptations, so I can get to bed at a decent hour for work tomorrow. I also flew in on an early flight today so I'm pretty beat in general.I searched Yelp for a while and picked this place. Was it momentous, stupendous, and fascinating? No.Did I get a bunch of $2 Miller Lites, $3 tacos (pretty terrible, but edible), good service, Monday Night Football and baseball, and more for under $20? Yes. An emphatic yes.Apparently, this place isn't crowded on Mondays any more, and the three bartenders have learned how to serve the ten people who were there at the bar (based on the crappy reviews I read). Man, I have been many worse places in the Valley of the Sun, and paid a lot more for worse food, beer and service.Will I be back a couple of times more on this trip, and future trips to Chandler? Yes. Will I make a special trip if I'm not in Chandler? No. And that's okay.And so is the Stadium Club.
5	We love Keri and she is very good to us Packer fans although she's from Buffalo. God food and good service. You can't go wrong with a stop at the Stadium Club!
4	Did a Chicago Bears fan really drive all the way out from Desert Ridge to Chandler to join some friends for happy hour trivia at a Packers bar?  Yes I did.  And even though I was not a fan of the green and yellow decor, I still managed to enjoy a fun Friday night at Stadium Club.The happy hour is pretty good.  For about $10 (including tip) I had a giant glass of Fat Tire and an order of sliders.  The sliders were really good.  Not too greasy and well complemented on a toasted brioche bun.No complaints.  Except for all the Packers decor.
3	Beer is cold & a decent selection, we had hop knot. Bartender is super nice and has great customer service skills. It's sat afternoon and there are about a dozen ppl here. She's serving everyone effortlessly. A couple pool tables open, tons of TVs! Packer Country sign on the door. Typical bar food. He had the Reuben sandwich w/steak fries $8, i had grilled cheese w/onion rings $8. A bit overpriced i think. Overall pretty average. Might be a good place to watch the packers game.
3	Came here for a Packers game.  It was fun... great crowd.  Definitely a Packers bar, which can be a bit daunting if you aren't one.  Packers fans are special bunch.  They have Leinenkugel on draft... big points for that!!  I took advantage of the bloody mary bar... which I think might have been more glorious around 10 or 11.  Everything was pretty picked over by the time I got there but I hear they have bacon wrapped asparagus.  YESSS.  The service kind of sucked... but it was super busy soo it's expected.  Unfortunately, the Packers lost & the bar CLEARED OUT and lost it's luster.  I don't know if I'd come here again for anything beside a football game.
4	My friends and I pop in about 2 a month (usually on a Thursday, there's a reason, but that is for later) to sing karaoke and have a few drinks. I want to cover a few topics so I will break them up by numbers.1.) The staff here are great, I have been going to this bar around a year or so, and spare one waitress, I know and like all the waitstaff and bartenders. Sam is by far the best waitress.2.) The food and drinks here are pretty decent, its bar food, lower your expectations to bar food and you will be pretty happy with it. I have had a lot of things from the menu and I can't recall anything that has been particularly bad. I usually have the tacos if I eat. The bartenders can make just about any drink and can even be creative if you ask to be surprised3.) The trivia is alright, only been to it a few times, so I can't really review it4.) Now for the reason I go to this bar, a couple of my friends used to come down to this bar weekly to get some singing and drinking together to keep up. We have kind of stopped coming down here. Bob is a great guy, but a really terrible karaoke host, it is the same canned show week to week with no variation, I don't know how long he has been in this business, but it is time for a new schtick. We have started to come down on Thursdays specifically because Bob ISN'T working it, its usually a guy named Mike. Mike has a lot of personality and variation in his show and there are breaks in the action to keep things very interesting, putting Mike in a different day of the week would probably bring us back to this bar more often.In short, this is a good dive bar for service and food, but the karaoke show has GOT TO GO, bring in someone else, PLEASE?
4	My local bar within walking distance of my house. I used to come here quite a bit, it's a great watering hole. They have a great selection of beers and full bar. 2 pool tables, video games, jukebox. The only reason I stopped coming here so often is because of the kareoke every night. I get really tired if hearing other people sing every time I come to the place... They don't have it every night, but it's a lot. Outside seating is nice, other nights they have trivia and bingo. The food here though is just your regular bar food. Mostly all fried, some of its good some of it's not, kind of a hit or miss. But hey when your drinking and hungry, it's hits the spot.
4	This is a friendly neighborhood bar with good food and good beer.  The wings are fresh and tasty, and the local bar feel is really inviting.  The bartenders are friendly with the customers, and there is lots of room to watch sports.  A great local spot in Chandler.
3	Stadium Club is your typical neighborhood sports bar, but with some much needed improvements. My friends and I came here for trivia night last night and it was difficult to find a seat that wasnt broken. The back room of the bar by the pool tables looked to be recently remodeled but the front of the house by the bar where the booths and tables are is pretty bad. The chairs look like 1980 dentist chairs, the booths sag so bad that once you sit down you cant get back up again, and its really hot and stale over there with no fans or AC blowing overhead. The wait staff is friendly enough, although when I asked about what craft beer was on tap, she told me she didnt know what craft beer was. While I understand you might be new, this bar dedicates about half their handles to craft beer, so it'd be nice if the staff tried to familiarize themselves or at the very least made a quick list to carry around in case patrons want to know whats on tap. My other complaint was the bathroom, I think the door was falling off the hinges and its overall just not a clean place that you'd want to be. Now to the positives - The prices are great and we really did have a great time with the trivia though, and the beer was really good overall. I was able to go look and find out there was Hop Knot on tap, so I went with that. My friend had some reuben sliders and enjoyed it, I'll be back and will try the food as this place is close and cheap and the trivia and karaoke seem fun.
3	This place is cool if you just want to come chill lowkey to some cards play some pool the food is so so... I don't ever mind coming in and out over here though
3	Looking for a casual, laid back bar then this is a great choice, good service cold beer and karaoke every Friday and Saturday.
5	We haven't been here in awhile but it's still a great place. Great drinks. Best bartenders. And great staff.  Ashley rocks!!!!
3	It's a Packers bar. Full of obnoxious fans for an obnoxious team. Went there for a Sunday to try and watch football. Just had booze. It was good. Fair prices. Not much waitress scenery. Probably won't go back just because it's full of Packers, at least not for football.
2	I feel like I'm on Bar Rescue. It's a "Green Bay Packers Bar" in Arizona. Must be the owners as soon as you walk in. Their whole group is loud and obnoxious. They even bought their own specialty beer from the grocery store. The food was gross. Nacho cheese and beans were dried up like they had been sitting out. Potato skins were dark dark brown and dry. I was bummed. Especially since our appetizers came out with our meal. Chips and salsa were the last to arrive. :( I like the amount of TVs and different games to watch. Our waitress was very nice.
5	We are there for most every GreenBay game.  Staff is on the ball for such a large crowd of enthusiatic fans.   Food is always excellent,  staff is always friendly plus they get to know they're customers and remember their drinks.  That gives you a warm and fuzzy feeling every time.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  If you're interested I seeing pictures go to Arizona Pack on FB.
1	mike henry with elite karaoke and dj services is mad over a yelp review about stadium club back in october and has since been trying to get me banned from all area bars - see for yourself... including cops being called a couple months not only here at stadium club but also skip and jans also, ago as he put his middle finger in my face and while completely drunk shoved his cell phone in my face screaming obscenities. Elite Karaoke & DJ Services by Mike Henry Review
