3	Pottery Barn, oh Pottery Barn.  I love you, I love you.  And while your wooden furniture isn't the same high quality as my friend's, Crate & Barrel, I do like your lamps better.  And your mirrors.  And your accessories are really great.  I always look forward to the change of every season, wanting to see what you have come up with next.  I do like your bold colors for Spring.  And I did take a sexy maidenhair fern home with me.  You will always be my friend, Pottery Barn.
1	I will never purchase a couch from Pottery Barn again.  Yes, you pay for the name-brand but one would assume you also pay for some level of customer service.  Absolutely not.  I purchased a couch on Dec 5th based on the delivery date being Jan 5th.  After talking to multiple agents on the phone two weeks ago, I was told that I would receive the couch last week.  Wrong again.  Yesterday, I drove to the store to discuss the status of my order and was told that there were additional delays for unknown reasons and that my couch would be delivered closer to mid-Feb.However, I have to fulfill my end of the bargain and pay for the couch before I even receive it but PB can delay shipment for 1 month with no penalty.
5	Very cute store. Nice selection of children's bedding. Can be a little pricey but worth it for the high quality. Children are welcome in the store and they even have a little lego play area to entertain the kiddo's. Staff is very helpful. Highly recommend if you are looking for a nice variety of quality bedding. I was looking for something new for my son's room and the Dr. Suess bedding is just awesome! They do have additional products as well for sell such as furniture, books, backpacks, & bath items.
5	Very cute store. Good selection for baby and a great staff. Talk to Sarah if you have questions about cribs! She was very knowledgeable.
4	I ordered furniture from here and it arrived in mis-matching white. I was very upset but the girls at the store took very good care of me.  It did take some effort and time but in the end I happy with our furniture. They went above and beyond to correct the issue. I would definitely return for future purchases since they stand behind their products and service.
