5	I absolutely LOVE this place! They just opened up about two weeks ago, so their salon is super clean and all of their equipment is brand new. Not to mention their sinks are SO cool! Lol. May did my gel manicure and she did an AMAZING job! The service here is beyond spectacular because they focus a lot on their customers and love interacting with them instead of with each other. They're so friendly and very approachable. Another plus is their prices! Their prices are a lot lower than most salons I've been to and they do a better job. They're very meticulous and make sure you like it before you leave their salon. So glad I gave them a try! I found my new nail salon!
3	I was getting my oil changed so instead of waiting around I decided to give this salon a try. Super clean, nice but pricey I just got a pedicure with regular polish and I got a calluses removed ( extra $5) so I paid $30 and my feet look ok not great, was kind of disappointed!
5	Walked and was immediately greeted by everyone.  Everything was very clean, and I noticed that they disinfected all of their tools which is a huge plus for me.  I opted to get a deluxe pedicure, which included paraffin wax and honey sugar scrub. BEST pedicure I've ever had! The sugar scrub smells amazing! They also used a mint gel, which kind of burned a bit but it still felt nice.   The massage was not too short (unlike some places) and I felt so relaxed that I forgot I still had to get my manicure done.They were very meticulous when it came to their work and made sure I was satisfied the entire time.  The prices were very reasonable, and they had a few specials going on so I ended up paying less than usual.  I'll definitely be back!
2	Took my daughter here on Saturday with me for a daughter / mom day an by Monday our nails are chipping an cracked.. I had to have the polished removed because they looked so bad. I felt we were very over charged..  well worth going somewhere else..  I never get my nails done an this is Why.. Definitely may be contacting my bank to see what I can do..  not worth $80 bucks...gave two stars because my daughter had a good day.
5	Super friendly.  They were having a special (20% off everything).  We didn't feel rushed.  I'll definitely be back!
5	MAI worked her magic.. Awesome job.. It's been a while since had one done and I'm usually not a pedicure type of guy bc I'm very ticklish but she did her thing and before I new it I was done.  My new manicure and pedicure spot.
5	Really like this place. Everyone is nice but not overly-chatty to where I can't read my magazine during a pedi!  It's new so it's clean and nice with awesome massage chairs. Right now everything is 20% off. Highly recommend the deluxe pedi with sugar scrub and a longer massage plus paragon on your feet.
4	The place looks  clean  and well taken cared of !!! I had a man do my pedicure and he has to learn a lot my skin next to the nail were hurt by the clippers and the vile .  But I think I should of asked for Julia I will do that next time  , no more man on my feet
5	Super friendly, very clean.  I have been to this facility several times and have never been disappointed.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE MIKE! He's been my nail tech for years. I followed Mike from Fashion Nails by Costo on Decatur and 215 to Welco Nails. Mike is an awesome person, knows his customers by nails and their preferences. We love him and he loves us. Wouldn't trade him for any other nail tech. The environment is so much better. Everyone is much friendlier and pleasant. It's always clean and they take great care of their clients.
5	My friend and i went here today for the 1st time and had a wonderful experience. We were impressed with cleanliness and decor. The prices were very reasonable and the staff was very friendly. We both got acrylic tips with glitter gel manicure by Hai. He did an amazing job and we both agreed we have found our new nail place!
5	The nail technicians are very professional and friendly. Mike was my favorite because he didn't rush and made sure my nails were perfect/done to my liking. I've had other technicians as well and I've never had to request a certain person since they all do a good job, but different styles. My nails always look great walking out of here! I usually get gel nails or french manicures and they've corrected nails gone wrong from other places I've had to go when on vacation. I never go anywhere else in Vegas.
5	Everyone is so incredibly nice! The shop is nice and clean the massage chairs for pedicures are awesome the price is great! Best pedicure my wife and I have ever had
5	This is a new nail salon that I have been going to for the past several months.  They always do a great job, the salon is very clean, the prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.  I have lived in Las Vegas for 12 years and this salon is the best!
2	So I won't be back. The staff was friendly and nice, although they talk frequently to each other and their language, but that doesn't mean they were good. The lady that helped me gave me a horrible message, she failed to clean up around my toes, she missed all the corners/sides of nails. Over all I felt like they did half of the job. Plus the place was a mess and had very limited nail polishes. I suggest not going here
