5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Gonzalez! She was trained at the top-rated dental school in the country, and it absolutely shows in her dental practice and expertise! Dr. Gonzalez is kind, gentle, and incredibly knowledgable on every aspect of both routine and cosmetic dentistry. If you live close enough to make Dr. Gonzalez your regular dentist, consider yourself to be very fortunate! Two thumbs up for Aesthetic Dental Health!
5	Dr. Gonzalez is the best dentist in Phoenix! She is kind, gentle, and takes the time to explain everything to her patients. She is very knowledgeable about different treatment options and cutting edge technology. I love going to Aesthetic Dental Health because of the great staff, inviting and warm atmosphere, and because I know I will always receive the best dental care by Dr. Gonzalez and her staff.
5	Dr. Gonzalez is so nice and knowledgeable.  She makes you feel very comfortable, which can't be said for every Dentist!!!
5	Finally, a dentist that is kind, gentle, and a true professional!  I'm so grateful that Dr. Gonzalez and her staff made my daughter's first dental cleaning such a nice experience.   Dr. Gonzalez is great! I love that her clinic is eco-friendly.  Our family loves her clinic.  I recommend her clinic to everyone!
5	No one really likes going to the dentist, but Dr. Gonzalez made me feel so comfortable and my dental procedure went so smooth that I am no longer  anxious about going to the dentist. The staff if great, and the office is really clean and inviting. Would definitely recommend Aesthetic Dental Health to everyone.
5	Everyone very thorough but down-to-earth and easy to talk to.  Very careful and sensitive to my comfort and peace of mind.  Fun and talkative so the time goes by really fast !!I feel like Dr. Gonzales is a real person and cares about my needs and concerns and schedule. After taking care of an implant placement that I started in San Diego without any confusion or issues with my previous dentist or records, I knew she was the dentist for me.  I've had so much work done in the past it's just overwhelming and she made it clear and quick and perfect the FIRST time !!Kaska is amazing at getting everything scheduled perfectly around my work, bill the insurance correctly without me having research & call the insurance people and she got all of my records from my previous dentist AND specialist.  Joelle is so fun and sweet and has TONS of experience that makes me feel so at ease.  I've never had bitewing xrays that were so easy !!!   Love you girls !!! And Robert performed a gum evaluation and has discussed my future cleaning, my clenching and my flossing in great detail.  Then last week I went back for my cleaning and I've never had such an easy, careful and complete process that didn't hurt one bit!!!  I even got extra dental and health tips that I can really use.Plus I had one little cavity that Dr. Gonzales filled during her lunch hour so I wouldn't have to miss work and make the hour and a half round trip back before my next cleaning!!I feel everyone will spend as much time with me as I could possibly need and genuinely cares about me and my health.  What a GREAT team !!!!  Thanks, Michele
5	I highly recommend Dr. Catalina Gonzalez.  She is a top notch dentist!!!  She is extremely knowledgeable and good at what she does.  I really appreciated that she took the time to explain my x-rays and my treatment plan in terms that I could understand.   She is very personable and friendly, and she makes going to the dentist as enjoyable an experience as it can be!  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	As a first time patient here I was very pleased with my visit! Very friendly staff and knowledgable. My cleaning and examination went very smoothly and I felt comfortable.
5	Dr. Gonzales was great at explaining the root canal procedure and trying to aleviate my concerns and discomfort.
5	I love Dr Gonzales. I've never had a female dentist however she is as good as any I've been to.The dental hygienist, Robert, is just awesomehe keeps my teeth looking good. I highly recommend this dentist office
5	Dr. Gonzalez and Robert are awesome! Everyone in the office is very helpful and friendly, too. My teeth have never felt better!
5	Had a great first visit here, coming down from California visiting for the week and had to go to the dentist to get and check up. They were and be to squeeze me in, and I'm greatly appreciated for them doing that. Found out I had cavities . Actually 7 of them and they were able to get them done today 12/18/14 to be exact! Had a great time hanging out with everyone! Took some snapchats with everyone, because you know it was a party in the room! Haha left with a lot of information about teeth and tips as well. Thanks for the great experience and fun and no laughs. To whoever read this make sure you go to YouTube and watch "Impractical jokers numb mouth"   that is how I'm feeling with my mouth numbed up haha
5	If you are looking for a new dentist where the staff greets you with a smile and by name every time to come in, or where the dentist, Catalina Gonzalez, has the patience to sit and listen to you and discusses your concern, offers solutions with a great deal of respect and knowledge - then this is the place for you. I just walked out of her office with two new crowns and no headache nor discomfort.  This dual procedure was a great and almost relaxing experience.  Not only that, all of her hands-on staff is gentle has the patient's comfort in mind.  In addition, I can't wait to get my teeth cleaned again.  Now, that says it all.
