4	It's called Planet Fitness not I'm going to get ripped and lift all the weights so I will be able to crush you gym. You work out here to stay or get fit. No meat heads here. Check your ego at the door and enjoy. The only issue I have is because its only $10 a month no contract there are so many members you can forget about working out at night time because the place is packed!! I mean packed. I go I. The mornings and only had to wait for a shower 2 times in the last year. So of you can workout in mornings or during the day come on and join! If you need to come at nights lets say after work... Forget about it. The place is clean and the equipment is taken care of. The best part is the price. Check for specials like $0 down $10 a month no contract!
5	Some people have difficulty grasping the concept of Planet Fitness. It's just high quality fitness equipment geared at getting you in shape. No glitzy smoothie bars or aerobics classes for ladies to get all dressed up trying not to sweat. The attendants are pleasant and readily answer questions. The Lunk Alarm can be a little irritating but you overlook that after awhile. Keep doing what you do Planet Fitness because I'm a fan!
4	I really can't complain about this place, unless you factor in how crowded it gets in the afternoons! But that's manly Mon-Wed and by Thursday the "after work" crowd really dies down to about half the Monday crowd. @ 10 bucks a month you really can't beat this gym! It's always clean, the bathrooms are nice and tidy, and the staff are always very pleasant to talk to. This is a basic gym that doesn't offer any advanced training options like some of those other big box gyms. However, for someone like me only wanted a basic gym to work out at, it's just the ticket! Keep it up Planet Fitness!
4	I just hopped on the $20 a month memebership promotion they had going on. And i have to say i am more than pleased. Friendly staff, clean facility, and a variety of different "trainers" throughout the gym.
4	I love this gym! They have a great variety of equipment and enough cardio equipment to go around. The lockerrooms are usually clean and they offer pizza on mondays which I let serve as a motivator. I visit this gym often enough and the monthly fee is crazy cheap! The only problem I have with Planet Fitness is the staff. They arent the most friendly and arent always available to greet me at the door. There have been a few times where no one was there so I didnt even check-in and just headed for the cardio equipment.
2	My first impression is RUDE. I'm not sure if it was because it was so early in the morning or if the staff member available or if he is just always rude. A few days earlier I called to make sure that my membership did indeed transfer and the woman (forgot her name) was helpful and very nice. But this morning, the staff just put a bad taste in my mouth. I informed him that I transferred online and got all that out the way. I was having obvious difficulty getting my old black card off my key chain and got no offer for assistance even though I was up there for about 3 minutes trying to get it off. Then he literally threw, not tossed or laid down, threw my new PF shirt and new key piece on the table in front of me. He didn't even give me a welcome, a tour (I told him it was my first time visiting), and ignored me as I still stood there. I had to ask him if I was all set before beginning my workout.Customer service is huge in my book and he did not do a good job representing the company and did an awful job even try to be cordial.But the gym itself is pretty nice. I miss the two story level at the other location off Coronation near Matthews but I cannot complain much. I heard it gets packed around peak times but when I arrived there were plenty machines available.
4	Visited from North Florida. Easy access off of the interstate. Larger than my home gym, lots more equipment. Friendly staff and clean.
2	I loved this gym while I lived in Charlotte-- I did not love this gym when I canceled my membership and moved to Ohio... and they kept charging me for nearly a year.  It was impossible to get someone on the phone to cancel my membership.  They told me I had to cancel in person (hello, I live in Ohio now!) or send them a written request to cancel.  After a few failed attempts at faxing/email/etc. I just canceled the card they had and gave up. They sent me a postcard saying "we'll waive all your outstanding fees if you come back to our gym." No, Planet Fitness, I don't plan on coming back and you already got way more money from me than you should have. 2 stars because it was a great gym close to my apartment while I went to grad school at UNC Charlotte.  Just be sure you cancel well before you plan on leaving town, so you have enough time to return and cancel as many times IN PERSON until it sticks and you aren't charged anymore.
4	My experiences have been so much more pleasant this year than my previous review. Gym is crowded during the evenings- they have sheets in the front that list an approximate amount of people that are working out during the day which is nice. New front desk people (or either people I haven't seen last year) are super nice. I've heard about the pizza, bagel, coffees but I've never seen it for myself. And care not to lol. They also have a police tower. I love this since I go super late/early.
1	the staff there is usually rude and its always pack I had to change gyms. I like the one off freedom better.Thank God for choices
4	I joined this gym in February and have been pleasantly surprised. The gym is well-maintained, although the women's bathroom can get a little messy during peak hours, and the staff very friendly. I've noticed that the peak hours seem to be from 5:30ish to about 7:00 p.m. from Mon-Wed with Fridays being a ghost town. The gym has all of your classic equipment: treadmills, ellipticals, bicycles, strength training devices. Just be sure to wipe your machines BEFORE and AFTER use.
1	Probably the worst fitness center ever.I had my car struck by a trainer there in the parking lot, witnesses by a bystander and this black trainer guy denied it over and over, even though bystander witness had taken a picture with their phone.management was totally unresponsive.I am cancelling my membership over this kind of stuff.Numerous people I have worked out with indicate theft is a problem here.
