4	Instead of a traditional review here is the email I sent them: In a world of people who like to bitch to get free stuff, I would like to offer an alternative.  I, for the first time, went to this theater this evening to see Drive (meh).  I have not previously gone to this theater because I visualized sticky floor's shitty seats and knife fights in the lobby.  Imagine my surprise when I was able to leave at the end of Drive (meh) with both my shoes and no cuts.   I will tell you what I really enjoyed about the whole experience... the GM guy (Mark?) got up and did a few announcements before the movie, my neighbor a few seats over after it was over said "i thought there was something wrong" I agree.   But GM Mark (if that is his name) acted like a skilled public speaker/ comedian with is ability to think on his feet with is fun run down of what is coming up and how to find out (Facebook).   I truly loved this personal touch as well the the chance to leave alive.    If one was so compelled to run some advertisements for this fantastic theater (I mean seriously the mirrored caves and retro doors are PIMP) I would run it as "no sticky floors."   I will also ad with all due respect to the other theaters it was nice to have a ticket taker with a personality who's entire being didn't scream "when I am done with this shift I am so offing myself."    Well done... now for Pete's sake run some independent films so I don't have to drive to Scottsdale.      That is all,   Larry B
4	So cool, this is a perfect date spot for those guys like me who doesn't feel its logically sound to pay eleven freaking dollars for a movie that will be available here in 2 months for $1.50-$3.00. Good comfortable seats, decent screens, the only catch is that they charge a lot for popcorn. But other than that I love it I wish there was one in Oceanside!!!!
2	Wow cannot believe all these people gave this 4 stars. I give it 2 stars only because of the super low price. The seats were unbearable (Fast 6 which was 2 hours 10 minutes), the sound and video were absolutely horrible (made me think it was just a huge tv), we could hear the loud projector in the back the whole movie, and if anyone said anything you can hear them loud and  clear. I wanted to like this movie because of the price and you can come see movies for a second time or the ones you didn't want to shell out big bucks for but I won't be coming back. If your fine with all the negatives I put then hey this may be the theater for you but you've been warned.
3	It is what it is, a discount cinema that plays movies that are just about to be released on DVD.  There are no amenities to speak of and the concessions are as expensive as any other theater.  With all that said if you want a fun cheap thing to do in the summer heat in Phoenix this place can't be beat.  The tickets are $3 and even better they are $1.50 on Tuesdays, so if you missed a new release this place can't be beat for a cheap night out.
