5	Amazing.  It is in Old Montreal.  It was open Jan 1st when everything else was closed.  The waitress was sweet and friendly, even to the loud spoiled iPhone addict US tourists at the next table.  The wine was good, even the house wine.  The cuisine is French and Italian I think.  The escagot were almost without taste, did not care for them.  However, my duck breast (prepared medium rare) and my boyfriend's sirloin were perfect.  Delicious sides, delicious meat and a great atmosphere -- a touch of old romance with great ambiance.  I absolutely felt great in this restaurant, I remember it fondly and I think it will always stick out in my memory.
2	I concur with MS. The inside is like a Denny's or Applebee's and doesn't fit with Vieux Port. The food was OK. They were open on June 24th, Jean Baptiste day, when a few other places were closed.I had the Osso Bucco, which was pretty good. The service was reasonable, the price was OK, but just like a Denny's or Steak-n-Shake you pay the cashier on the way out, which was slightly surreal.
1	My boyfriend and I were exploring Montreal over the weekend.  It was busy and hot in this area of town, so we were looking for a cute place to sit outside and enjoy a snack and a cold beer.Papillon looked like it fit the bill.  We sat down at the only empty table outside and waited for a server to come over.  We reviewed the menu available on the table and were watching everyone enjoy their drinks and food.  The table right next to us, a bunch of young guys, were just starting on a pitcher of beer.  The server came outside with fresh drinks for the table in front of us, gave the table their drinks - took one look at us and said they were no longer serving anyone.We thought we miss understood and said that were more interested in a drink than food, so it was okay if they weren't taking food orders.  She said "no, we're not going to serve your right now"So, yeah - we were rejected service.  Its the first time I ever had that happen to me and everyone looked at us embarrassingly.  We got up and left and noticed another group sat down at our empty table.  I didn't stick around to see if they were served or not.Honestly, the server took one look at my tattoos and I instantly felt we weren't served because of that.  I have a large tattoo of trees on one arm.  Nothing distasteful, but definitely noticeable.  Perhaps this place is great, when they decide to serve you.  I'll take my money elsewhere, thanks.
3	In a sea of wildly overpriced tourist trap restaurants in Old Montreal, this one manages to serve some reasonably priced Italian food! The menu and the decor is by no means cutting edge stuff or that attractive but both serve their purpose. The table d'hote would give you a lot of bang for you buck with a starter plus coffee or tea, but nothing caught my eye on that separate menu. I ordered some linguine with a rose sauce, mushrooms and green onions, substituting chicken for the prosciutto. Our wonderful server loaded me up with fresh grated Parmesan cheese and black pepper. It was a decent meal, the chicken had a bit of a strange texture to it but the sauce was beautiful. I couldn't help mopping up every last drop with the bread basket. What really made this place and this experience was our server. I can only hope you are lucky enough to have her too! She did not look down I my substitution, was timely with everything, so sweet, gave us directions and separate bills? No problem! Everyone enjoyed themselves and their meals. Go here for a less pricey, homey bite in this area.
4	Stopped in for a nice lunch while in Old Montreal.The place didn't have too many people in it, we were seated very quickly and the waitress was extremely nice and attentive.I had a club sandwich and fries.  The sandwich was so good!  The bread was nice and toasted, the veggies were very fresh and the chicken and bacon were wonderful.
3	A guy outside the Restaurant greeted us to have us try the restaurant.  Our girls were wanting pizza so we gave it a try.  We were trying to get to another Italian place on Yelp a block away but the guy was nice enough so we went in.  The place was as described by others.  Nice enough but nothing more elaborate than an olive garden in decorations.  The wait staff was nice enough and spoke English and a little Spanish too.  The bar looked big enough to handle any types of drinks.  Nothing but LeBatt's on tap though.  Visited the bathrooms and they were very clean.  I ordered one of the specials for lunch ( table d'hote )  which was Rabbit quarters with maple type syrup.  Hey when in Rome.. er French Canada.  The rabbit was great .. 3 legs on top of asparagus and potatoes.  It came with hot tea and butternut squash soup ... which also was great.  (CN$25)My wife had a club sandwich and fries (CN $10).  My daughter had a linguini a la gigi which was a good mixture of meats.  (CN $15)The pizza was not the best and would give it a C-.  By no means a NewYork Style.  Too much spices and too soggy.  But plenty for a medium size.  Pass on this one if you are used to US Pizza.  .The wait staff was great and offered to take our pictures for us.  He did not mind us having only water to drink .  They get 15% tip included with bill automatically.  But deserved it.  got out of there for $80 for 3 adults 2 children.
4	Coq au vin big enough to feed me and the guy outside. Fresh baked bread. Huge beautiful salad and very nice service. We had a great dinner here for half the price of other restaurants on the same street. Payment process was at the bar, kinda weird... But c'est la vie I guess.Oh - the location is right in the center of everything in old town Montreal, steps from the Piano Rouge Jazz bar, and just around the corner from the Notre Dame Basilica.If you're trying to save some sous, the food here is the right price and well done.
4	Very acccommodating for kids on an early Friday night. Very friendly staff, great service. Food was a little heavy (oil, cheese), but quite tasty.
3	The meal was OK, but in this city, you shouldn't have to settle for OK.  The Bruscetta was pretty good, though.
5	Fantastic pizza bearing little relationship to Pizza Hut. Fresh and artisan products, lovely thin crust, richly season home-made sauce, mixture of artisan cheeses. Never had anything like it before. If we ever return to Montreal, it will certainly include a vist to Papillon.
5	I would give this 10 stars if I can.One of the many restaurants in Old Montreal but the boyfriend and I chose this place because they had escargot. We ended coming to this place a second time right before we left Montreal (that's how much we loved it).An elegant restuarant that gave a romantic ambiance wasn't so filled with patrons. We knew what we wanted, so we ordered endless plates of escargot and even mussels. The escargot with butter and cheese tasted extreme, I couldn't believe something that is so easy can be so wonderful. We even took the bread and soak up the butter and juices. The mussels were great also, the blue cheese sauce was unforgettable.Our second visit consist of a more normal meal than just endless orders of escargot, although we did order some. We had the braised rabbit and salmon. Braised rabbit was nicely done with the meat coming right off the bone. Tender and succulent which was more than what we expected. The salmon was cooked perfectly, very moist and flaky. The vegetables that came with the dish was actually sauteed, not just steamed but sauteed with salt and pepper.One of the places that we will definitely re-visit whenever we get the chance to be in Montreal again. Price was reasonable and service was impeccable.
5	I e of the best club sandwiches (brown meat) I've had in a long time. The onion soup was also great. Been there twice, and I'll definitely be back!
5	good flavor, good portion, friendly service~ I really enjoy my time here
5	2nd time here in as many years. Love the food both times. Great background music. Upscale food in casual atmosphere. Good service, quick and efficient. 2 adults and 11 year old $118 with a solid tip including wine.
3	We arrived in Montreal in the midst of a deluge, which showed no signs of relenting. I was in the mood for Middle Eastern food, but Yelp was wrong 3 times in a row about where the falafel restaurants were (come on, guys!) so we wandered until we found this place and came in, sopping wet, to recover and have a very late dinner.The interior is a little odd: it seems like it used to be a Bob's Big Boy kind of place, though it's been dressed up a little with (fake) floral arrangements and wall art. I wished it had stuck to the classic French cafe look, which is much more pleasing to me -- I can see fake American anywhere!The mussels were the reason we'd chosen this place (plus, honestly, not many places were still serving at 9 PM on Friday) so I ordered the classic style with wine, garlic and herbs. They were okay: not overcooked, but not very flavorful either. The bread was just average, not a classic baguette. Greek salad was also decent, though the dressing was more Italian than Greek. The best thing we ordered was the roasted red pepper soup, which was more mellow and sweet than I'd expected and drizzled with (I think) basil oil.Not a bad place to eat, but if it hadn't been late and pouring, I would have preferred somewhere else for my first Old Montreal dining experience.
1	The worst service Ive ever experienced in Montreal restos/eating places.We sat, the staff saw us, nobody came to offer anything, in the end we had to approach them and ask the menu ourselves.When we paid the lady in the cashier rudely asked for tip, i mean FORCED us to tip.If i could I would give 0 star
4	We stopped here after doing the f having a good meal. The decor tourist thing in the old city. Upon entering I had no expectation of having a good meal. The devour is chain restaurant standard but the food was very good. At the waiter's suggestion I had the Linguini Fruits due Made. The presentation was nicely done with 3 colossal shrimp on top with sprigs of parsley beneath which was the linguini in a light cream sauce chock full of rock shrimp and busy scallops in a bowl surrounded by a dozen mussels. Amazingly none of the ingredients were over cooked and all was delicious. My wife had the Coq au Vin and said it was excellent also. Very surprising and I recomend the place .
5	There are many places to choose from in old Montreal. This one is worth it. The mussels with fries in salmon sauce were beyond amazing. Not to mention, our waitress was very considerate in dealing with me, a non-French speaking American.
5	We were looking for a quick stop for a late lunch. We were pleasantly surprised to find a restaurant which was reasonably priced in this tourist area, so I had my reservations about the food. We were very happy with the large pizza we ordered, and had to order a 2nd appetizer of escargot as they were simply outstanding! It was a nice, relaxing stop for us and I'm glad we were able to find a gem in the area.Our waiter provided us with the best service at any restaurant in our 4 days in Canada.  We've noticed that we don't get the same attention that we expect to receive state side, but are coming to the realization that this is just a cultural difference.
4	Our server met us on the street and the hook was set. He did a great job with recommendations and the service was prompt and extremely friendly. The food was surprisingly good. What we thought was a typical pasta dish ended up being very good. Give this place a try.
2	We ordered the escargots au gratin, which were pretty good, but the pasta, lasagna and pizza were awful, they had too much raw tomato taste, the lasagna tasted like those frozen ones you buy at the grocery store (not good at all) and the pizza also looked like a mini frozen pizza with black-burnt edges and 3 strips of fresh peppers added to it. We felt sick after and it was only made worse when we got the expensive bill and were reminded that we didn't just have to regret eating the food but now we had to pay a pricy bill. I would NOT recommend eating here unless you just want to try the escargots. I almost wish that I had had the nerve to tell them that we didn't like it and return the food instead of politely eating it.
4	Good service. Our waiter Alexander was very friendly and super attentive. We were being very difficult with special requests because some of us are vegetarians and he took it in stride and joked around with us. The food was pretty good, pretty much what we expected. My friend loved her lobster ravioli and my wife really enjoyed the lasagna with meat sauce. The vegetarian pasta was more average and needed more salt. But the service was so good that I would come back the next time I visit old Montreal.
1	I was very much less than impressed with their food in relation to the price that I paid for it.  The staff was decent.I hope they make some changes on the food quality because they have a nice looking restaurant and have a fine location in Vieux-Montreal.
