5	This location of Lee's is the same as every other around town, and I've already reviewed the E. Flamingo location, except this one looks like it's been taking mass amounts of anabolic steroids.  This location is just HUGE.  If you're looking for giant cases of wine to take with you on your Antarctic excursion or travels into the Congo, this is where you go to stock up.  It's just massive.
5	If you need liquor, Lee's got it. Seriously. This is like a Wal-Mart, but all liquor. And beer. And hard alcohol. And wine. And mixers. And lemons to put in your hefeweizen. And lemon slicers for your lemons. And even funny straws. (I always have to pick one up). I hate to sound like a drunken connoissuer of all things intoxicating, but I will never buy my booze from anyone but Mr. Lee. Maybe his son. If I was tipsy enough.On a serious note, for all of you vinos, the wine section is something to be seen. (I really just said "On a serious note" when referring to booze...wow. I never even knew I felt this way about alcohol until now)
5	Wow!  I finally found Bitters, I mean, they don't sell the real stuff, but Angostura will definately do the job!  Prices are comparable to local markets.
3	Warehouse mentality, irresistible sale prices, and halfway-decent beer selection (best in town, but still quite lacking), characterize Lee's. It's certainly not the place to go to learn about wine, and the staff really don't know very much about wine, but it's not a bad place to shop if you don't care that much or if you really know what you're doing. Despite all the little things that annoy me at this place, I'm usually there once a week anyway.Some time mid-January, I bought the last bottle of Domaine Des Roches Macon-Ige. I hadn't had it in several years, and was quite pleasantly surprised for $8 a bottle. I went back the following week to pick up some more, and they had just gotten a ridiculously huge order delivered. I'm talking pallettes sextouple stacked in the back, almost to the 30-foot-high roof joists. Way too much for one order. Anyway, their inventory showed several cases of the wine, but it was obviously buried somewhere in this huge order. Here it is, a week into April, and they still haven't dug it out yet.The beer department really vexes me too. The Belgian beer selection is pretty mediocre compared to what I'm used to in Detroit. On top of that, in many cases, they sell one type from a brand and not the others. They have Delerium Nocturnum, but not Delerium Tremens, and they didn't stock the Delerium Noel (or Duinen, for that matter, made in the same brewery). They have Corsendonk Brown, probably the single Belgian beer besides Chimay or Duvel you would expect to find in any old liquor store, but they lack the Pale, and didn't stock the Christmas. I don't get it; Corsey even puts out magnums and bigger of their Christmas beer, which stores like this could sell at HUGE margins above the regular stuff, and people always buy it, too! Their loss.The other annoying thing about the beer section is that they let things run out completely before restocking anything. A couple months ago, I bought them out of Hop Ottin' IPA, and the Belgian and British shelves were so sparsely stocked, it looked like they were planning on getting rid of the beer section totally.I probably wouldn't buy my liquor elsewhere (unless I were special ordering, in which case I'd get it from Khoury's), and there are some ridiculous sales here too. Not the best environment, but not bad overall.
5	This is the best place to get ANY kind of liquor, beer, wine, or accessories. It's definately the best selection in town, and has all of your alcoholic needs. The most important part is to bring cash because the cash price is MUCH cheaper, and if you don't pay cash, you will be paying the same amount as you would at any other place.
1	This company treats their employees horrible and for that fact I will never give them my business again. If people wonder why the employees look or act so miserable its because they are grossly underpaid and are shown very little respect.They are the Wal-Mart of liquor stores, enough said!
5	I found this place on the day I moved here, nearly 3 years ago, and I've been coming back ever since.  At first the enormity of the place made me feel like a kid in a candy store, but since then I've come to realize that the beer section seems a little slim compared to the wide spread of options in the wine and hard liquor departments.  Still, the prices here are way better than any other place in town.  Occasionally there are some ridiculously good sales that are perfect for stocking up a spare closet.  I've only been to a couple of other Lee's locations, but this one is much larger than those others.
5	This is one of the older but best Lee's in Vegas. They will almost always have a keg on hand of all the most popular beers and a fabulous selection of wines. Great weekly specials on the selection.
5	Of all the liquor stores in the city, this one is easily my favorite. Nothing, not even the other Lee's locations, has kept me as alcoholically satisfied as this place. It's the largest, most well-stocked, and most comfortable to troll around in. While it doesn't have the rarest of beers, the selection is nothing short of awesome. You could potentially go in to this place every day for the next year and never drink the same thing twice.Despite all of this, the primary reason I always come back is the prices. While not exactly cheap, they are the lowest you're likely to find around here. Add that to their sales and points card, and it's hard buying anywhere else. Provided you know your alcohol and don't ask much of the staff (their help is very limited), you'll find what you want.
5	This Lee's is my favorite one in the valley.  It's a bit further than I like (the nearest Lee's to me is the one on East Flamingo) but it's worth the drive.  I like this Lee's because it's huge, it's always clean, and I somehow leave with something new every time (I think that's attributed to the plethora of liquor and beer available.. how can you not try something new?).  The staff is pretty helpful and the prices here are very reasonable.  Plus, I can find more craft beers here than any other place I've been to so that's definitely a HUGE plus.  Thanks Lee's for keeping my pantry stocked with alcoholic goodness and we'll see you soon.
4	The Costco of liquor store!!! Love this place.
3	If you have seen my review of Total Wine, you know that I love alcohol. And no, not in a 21 year old way, but in a responsible 30 year old way (most of the time). When I walk into a liquor store, I love being overwhelmed with the vast selection of alcohol glory in front of me. At this Lee's location, I was just, meh. Not a bad meh, just a  little underwhelmed. The selection was fair, but disorganized. Even though there were aisle markers and a couple of people walking around to help, I have been spoiled by Total Wine labeling everything like my mom did when I was a kid to ensure that I didn't eat anything that wasn't A. Eatable or B. Belonged to someone else. I'm gluten-free, so I love knowing exactly where ciders are located,  as well as seasonal and craft ciders and then GF beer. Let's say it was not easy finding my way around. Also, the selection for cider was lacking, big time. They didn't have simple Woodchuck, which can be found at Smith's and Fresh and Easy (non-liquor stores). Lee's did have a nice refrigerated section, possibly larger than Total Wine. Also, a couple items we normally purchased were maybe a dollar less than TW, but nothing astronomically different than anywhere else we've gone in this town. I think I've just been so spoiled all this time by TW, that nothing, not even Lee's can live up to my expectations?However, Lee's was saved when we received an invite to a parking lot party. It was really the vendors outside that deserve this review, but what is not to like trying 20+ wines and spirits? Plus, there was a DELICIOUS food truck at this party that made my tummy give a satisfactory rumble. I know this wasn't IN Lee's, but they did sponsor it, so I will definitely give them kudos.All in all, Lee's is good, but not the GREAT I was looking for. However, please take this with a grain of salt considering we like larger selections of craft beers from across the world and more specialty drinks/beers/spirits since I am gluten free. For someone looking for a decent selection, Lee's will be perfect!
1	Keep it short & sour like my experience. Came in looking for a particular lager with 5 employees on the floor. Not one acknowledged me or asked if I needed help. I finally approached cashier and she looked up and just pointed to approximate location...guess it was too much to ask her to actually find it for me.I walked out and crusty old guy at cashier didn't bother to look up to see if I was smuggling liquor out or anything.LAZY, LAZY, LAZY!!I'll give my business and reviews to Total Wine from now on.
4	I wish I had a Lee's somewhere around me in So Cal!!!  Well, maybe not because I would probably drink way too much.  The selection was amazing, tons of every type of beer, wine and liquor you could ever want.  I saw so many different type of booze I never even knew existed.  The beer selection was great, many out of the ordinary choices.  The prices were great as you would expect from a "discount" store.  I also liked the open feel of the store, huge and not cramped.  Also noticed a tasting bar!
2	I shop for beer almost exclusively, so I'll review this place exclusively with regards to their beer.I came in here looking for a Firestone Double Jack to take home to New Mexico since that brewery and their wonderful beers aren't distributed back home and I thought for sure Lee's, with the four Yelp stars and glowing reputation would have what I need. I scoured a few rows of beers and discovered that there were only a few rows of beers, which seemed odd considering the massive store. Where the heck were all the beers? On quantity alone for beer, this place failed me. Well, how about the quality of the selection? No bueno? Nope. Very few things I couldn't find at a Trader Joe's or Whole Foods, first of all, and very few of the rare beers a whale hunter like myself goes after. It doesn't matter where I go, I usually stumble upon some rarity or five and walk out of the store with buyer's remorse at the amount I just spent. Not here. There were very, very few beers of note here. I almost didn't find the Double Jack I came for and that beer is very ubiquitous in the states that border Cali.But here's the real kicker and why I give the two stars rather than three. I'm that snob that, if I were to have an establishment selling beer, I'd keep my inventory clean, keep an eye on freshness dates and expirations, and make sure my customers were getting the beers the way the brewery intended. So that Double Jack, a hop-heavy beer that is best consumed fresh, really shouldn't have a bottled on date of January 2013 and still be on shelves. That's not fair to consumers or the breweries. Lee's either doesn't manage their inventory correctly or doesn't care about their consumers. Either way, bad business.
5	This place has a good variety of booze. Especially if you are a beer or wine fan. I personally like my hard alcohol, but they have a lot of local and craft beers. They also have tastings of various thing on Saturdays during the afternoon. I love free booze and expanding my palette. On top of that there are a few really cool people that work there. They work mostly on the weekends act don't act like they hate their job. Always a bonus. The only downside to the place is that it doesn't carry Blackheart rum, which is my favorite rum in existence. Oh well. They also have a clearance section hidden in the back that sometimes has decent things for dirt cheap.If you need cheapish booze I recommend it.
4	I wanted to make my favorite mix drink and needed some ingredients that I can only find at Lee's. I have looked around but have had no luck finding ginger beer for my Moscow Mule and ginger ale just isn't the same. I was helped as soon as I entered on this busy fourth of July weekend so my time wasn't spent looking through all the isles. However I did look around this warehouse of alcohol and was impressed with the variety of beer, wine and alcohol. I will be a patron of their location for sure.
4	Always friendly service...the prices may not be as cheap as Total Wine but sometimes convenience beats saving a dollar. They may not have everything but it's a pretty big store with decent selection. They do have good sales, it's clean, always in and out fast. I will continue to shop here often.
2	I was in to this Lees on Sunset on Oct 1 between 4 pm and 4:30 pm - always has been a friendly/helpful store - I am partially crippled - so if Kenny the son is going in  and or out of the store same time you are - beware - a nice man was helping me with my purchase, carry the case to the car and Kenny comes in the "exit" door while I am leaving seriously crowding me and making it difficult for me to get thru the exit door - Kenny needs to have a lesson in manners, and being courteous to others.  Just because he is on TV, he needs to understand he is definitely NOT a star.
