5	We love Lori! Our 4-year old son started seeing her for haircuts a little over a year ago, and we just recently started taking our 2 year old daughter to her as well.  The kids love chatting with her, enjoy all the creature comforts of her salon (racecar, movies, balloons, etc), and she has a great rapport with the kids (and us!). The little things mean a lot when you're talking about new experiences with little ones - she gets it.  My kids are immediately jazzed at the mention of a visit to see her!
5	Been going to Lori since our daughter was born! She's just so friendly and sweet! Our daughter loves her. I went to another kids salon before and was very disappointed but then went to Lori to get it fixed! We'll never switch up ever again!
5	Just went to Lori for the first time and love her!  She gave my daughter a really cute haircut. My oldest daughter (5) was too big to sit in the car chair but my youngest (2) was entertained the entire time between the car, the movie, and being able to move freely around the studio. My oldest got her nails painted as part of the hair cut and got to pick a scented spray for her hair which she thought was awesome. I really enjoyed my time at Lori's studio because both kids were happy and contained and we left with a cute haircut for my daughter!
5	I took my quite persnickety almost 4 year old for his first real haircut (not by mommy) and he did so well thanks to Lori putting him at ease. She definitely gained a loyal customer!
5	I loved our experience with Lori. She was wonderful with our son, who is only 13 months and was a little frightened at first. He got a great hair cut and she was very patient. Plus if your child is scard there is a regular chair they can sit in with you. We got the first haircut package that comes with a certificate, picture, and locks of hair (plus lollipop and ballon). She will even email you all the pictures she took. The place was super clean, Lori was great, and we just loved it.
5	I've had a hard time finding someone who can cut and style my 11-year-old boy's long hair.  Lori did a great job! My son was very comfortable with her and already said he wants to go back to her next time.  Thank you!!!
5	Trying to make a 2 year old toddler stay still while getting a hair cut can be very tricky. My son was in desperate need of one and I gave up trying to trim his hair because he would not sit still. I decided to look up a salon for children and Lori's happened to pop up, I was able to get an appointment for the next morning so I booked it.Lori is very nice, sweet, and friendly, she has a car that children could sit in while they get their hair cut and also a tv to keep them busy. My son was serious the entire time but he was happy with his hair cut and we were satisfied with how his hair came out. Her little salon is very adorable, it has a happy feel to it, very bright and cheery. I think we've found our permanent salon!
5	Lori is great! We used to go to her at sharkys and were sad when we tried to make an appointment with her and she wasn't there anymore. So glad we found her again! I have a 3 year old who has a new fear of haircuts. Lori was so patient and got the job done! She took over 30 minutes and didn't rush. Will 100% be getting his hair cut with Lori from now on! Thanks Lori!
5	By far the best person to cut our son Andys hair.Lori was patient and very professional,  our son put up a good fight and not once did she break.Lori managed to calm Andy down and did an awesome job, my wife and I will deffinetly be back the only bad thing is that we live in LA.If you're thinking of visiting this place I deffinetly recommend it we are satisfied with the service and the way Lori treated us and our son shes a wonderful person and an amazing kid stylist.
5	After my daughters original hairdresser canceled on me two days before my daughter was supposed to be in a beauty pageant, I was in a panic to try to find another hairdresser that I could trust to make my daughters hair look fantastic! I had called Lori and a few other places in town trying to get a last minute appointment and, of course, no one could take her! The night before my daughters pageant I received a call from Lori stating that she had a cancelation and could do my daughters hair the next morning! Of course I was ecstatic and took her appointment! Let me tell you how impressed I was with Kidz Cuts by Lori... Once we arrived, Lori asked my daughter what she liked to watch and quickly put on a Barbie movie for her and got right to doing her hair! It looked fantastic when she was finished....  but she wasn't done yet.... She sprayed my daughters hair with glitter (if you knew my daughter you would understand how much she loved this added touch) and finished our appointment by painting her nails a beautiful pink to match the color of her dress! Lori totally saved me this day and saved my daughter from the embarrassment of me having to do her hair myself... Lol! And on top of it all she won first place in her division in the pageant! From now on my children will be seeing Lori for all their hair needs and thank you again to her for finding the time to fit us into her busy schedule!!!!
5	My kids absolutely loved getting their haircut here. My 2 year old keeps asking to go back and sit in the race car. We will definitely be going back.
5	Lori is wonderful!  She really makes my son feel at ease and does a wonderful job with his hair.  Her salon is cute and very clean.  The balloon and lollipop are what my son comes back for, but I'll keep coming back because Lori is the best!
5	If I could give Lori 10 stars I would. Not only does my 5 year old LOVE getting his hair cut here but my almost 2 year old also loves it! Their haircuts always look beyond awesome  and the kids leave smiling. I love taking them to Lori and as long as I live in Nevada we will follow Lori anywhere for haircuts. Thank you Lori!
5	Lori was AWESOME. I had taken my almost-3 year old daughter elsewhere for her first haircut and she was very scared and freaked out, we weren't able to get her haircut because she was moving around so much. I thought hope was lost until a friend recommended Lori. Amazing. So friendly, my daughter was a little afraid but Lori made her at ease. She picked out a lollipop, a nail color, and balloon color. Lori was quick but thorough and we are very happy customers. Will definitely be coming back!
5	Today I took my two year old to Lori for her first haircut. I was expecting tears and we got them. We also got an amazing experience with Lori!She was so understanding and patient with my daughter. My daughter screamed, cried, tried to wiggle out of the chair, and tried to put her hands up to block the cut. Lori's cheerfulness never wavered. She kept talking to my daughter, entertaining her, distracting her, and giving her a chance to get comfortable. Oh yeah, and she gave her a completely adorable cut. How she managed that with a moving target is beyond me. We left with both of us smiling - my daughter with a balloon (which she played with all afternoon at home). We will absolutely be coming here for all of my daughter's future haircut needs. We drove all the way from near Summerlin and it was 100% worth the distance. Thank you, Lori!
5	Just went back today to get our baby girl #2 first hair cut! And as always, Lori made magic with her shears!!! Thank you LORI!!!
5	Lori is great!!!!! My 3 year old son LOVED getting his hair cut! He got to sit in a fun car and watch a movie while she cut his hair. She was friendly and fun! We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing with my 7 month old !!!! Made a great decision to go to her . Lovely lovely place!
5	Lori is extremely sweet and has so much patience. She gave my three year old daughter the prettiest cut. She loved getting pampered while watching her favorite movie, Frozen. Coming back for my second daughters 1st cut as well.
5	I took my 1 1/2 year old daughter to Lori for her first haircut and it was wonderful! Her little salon is adorable and super kid friendly! I was definitely nervous because my little rosy doesn't often sit still but she loved sitting in the little race car and watching Mickey Mouse club. She didn't cry or fuss once and Lori  was so friendly and sweet. After cutting her hair she styled it and took before and after pictures and even e-mailed me the rest of the pictures she took. Needless to say we will definitely be returning for Rosy's next haircut!n
