4	I dunt know, i liked it. Hardly best Chinese i had by a long mile, but something that you get at the fast food setting and comes out of the tray... You know - It was not bad. There was some flavor. And it was not grease, which is huge with me. Good stuff!!!
2	I don't think I have eaten at a Panda Express since high school. I don't think I need to go back unless I am in fact with someone in high school. Needing to grab something quick and get back to a hectic Monday at the office I was lured in by the drive thru... My food was edible, but very oily, lacking in any kind of distiguishable flavor and the meat was fatty. On the up side my fortune cookie was tasty and entertaining. But, if you want quick "Chinese" in the area, be slightly less lazy, get out of your car and go in to the Tokyo Express down the street.
4	Who can abstain from visiting Panda Express every now and again?  Most people, but not me.  I need my Chinese food fix every few weeks.  And no other place fills that craving better than Panda Express because there just don't seem to be any other descent Chinese restaurants.  Most Chinese restaurants in Phoenix are terrible with a capital "s", "u", "c", "k", "s".  Panda Express fills the void by offering descent, fast food fare with easy to order combinations.  The Kung Pao actually comes with chili peppers making it spicy and there aren't those large flat misshaped pieces of meat loosely referred to as chicken.  And who doesn't love pandas?  I get the up sale every time just in case the two option plate isn't going to be enough that day.  Or maybe I've just grown too thin like most Americans.  In any case, if you find yourself in Phoenix and that dilapidated Chinese restaurant store front staring you down doesn't look inviting, Panda Express is always just around the corner.
4	Came here today to get lunch to go. They were busy ,but not much waiting time .  They are very well organized.  The food just did not look so appetizing though.             I did get 2 orders to go beef and broccoli and Orange Chicken.                                        It actually tasted better than it looked.     The Choices for sides are noodles, which looked over cooked, fried rice , or white rice. I choose the fried rice. Not too bad though i know it is loaded with too many calories.  But, i was working hard today so i will burn it off. I also got pot stickers and egg rolls both good. Lots of easy parking in the lot, and they have a drive thru.
3	I'm still checking out the area around my job looking for fast lunch time eats, and this time I was craving noodles, chicken & pineapple, yes I know it's a strange craving, but it's one I knew Panda could satisfy! Coworker and I got there at high noon on a Friday and there wasn't a line in site, guess we are ahead of the lunch rush, which was fine by me.I ordered a 2 item combo with chow mein , firecracker chicken breast & sweet fire chicken breast. I have to say the sweet fire chicken breast is my all-time favorite; I have tried many times at home to recreate that flavor! Just delish! I have to say that customer service was nice and friendly, and if you don't want to get out of your car, they have a drive thru too!I still have many places to try out for a fast lunch time eat, but I know when I have a craving for sweet fire chicken Panda is right there for me to run to!
1	The food at this Panda Express is fine but the rice? Not so good. They can never get it right. I've been coming here for awhile but the rice is always undercooked. Come on if this is an Asian restaurant, you have to at least cook the rice right. Some days it's edible and some days it's so hard it's almost raw. I would give it 4 stars because they have great service but because of the undercooked rice I give it one star.
1	Service & Food here NOT GOOD!(and that's an understatement)The very few times I have been here the employees don't seem to speak very clear english. I have to repeat myself several times before my order is understood. Then the people behind the counter are rude, they don't seem to care about being polite, and have a "getto" type of attitude with customers. Instead of "Welcome" or " how can I help you" it's "whaddu want" or " what u geddin?" If you ask about anything other than what is on the board like TV specials or special items - they have NO clue what you are talking about, and will stand their and look puzzled, then they will just tell you NO. Worse Panda Express experience ever.. I will not go back to this location, I will go to the other location in Chandler.... Word to the Manager - Teach your Employees that Customers Service is #1 Priority.. Maybe even have them smile once in awhile, and say "hello" and "thank you sir/ma'am" would be nice...instead of the "getto-fab" attitude.
1	Pretty disappointed that I had to wait 5min to be greeted for my order because an off the clock employee with a book bag on had to make his plate first and take the last scraping of entrees from a few of their serving pans. What happened to the customer being first?? Now 1/2 of their entrees are gone during dinner rush. When I went to pay, the cashier accepted my money and said she'd be right back. She took my ten dollar bill to the cash-register by the drive-thru window and brought me back change. I think they're having an off day where anything goes!
1	This is by far the worst Panda Express I've ever been to. I've been here a few time and every single time, it takes FOREVER to get the ought the drive thru. I've literally sat in the drive thru for 20 minutes waiting to order then get my order. I've ordered the steamed vegis twice and both times they were brown and and the rice always tastes as if it's been sitting out all day. I would not recommend this location to anyone.
2	Boy does this place suck. I am feeling good today so I will avoid giving a one star review. The food here is hit or miss. They totally jipped me on food portions. If I'm going to freakin pay this much for fast food Chinese food at least give me a decent portion. The only thing this place is good for is getting forks and spoons to put in my desk because my work believes in "going green." This includes not providing utensils in the break room.
1	Literally worst customer service ever. My husband and I went through the drive thru. The woman asks if we want to try one of the chickens. We say no and say one moment to decide what to order. Once we have decided my husband starts speaking. Places the order & greeted with silence. He asks if she got all that. Still nothing. Then we reverse the car less than an inch and the woman says 'welcome to Panda Express, how may I take your order?'.  I am confused as to why she could not hear us when making the order the first time around but whatever. Midway through ordering she tells us to hold on then comes back and asks what we ordered again. Pulled up to the window to pay & get our food. The lady hands us our food and then walks away from the window. Does not say have a good night or even say good bye. The food was fine. Seemed fresh and portion size was good. Obviously it's fast food chinese so not the best thing I've ever eaten in my life or anything. But due to the terrible customer service I will not return to this location ever. Seriously if you don't like your job then quit. Is it really that bad to just be nice to customers? Obviously management doesn't care because looking at the other reviews this has been an ongoing problem that has not changed.
