4	Picture this:  You're watching Food Network, and Alton Brown is making something that looks absolutely scrumptious, but he mentions an ingredient you've never heard of, and have no idea where to go about locating it.  Chances are, the fine folks at Natural Gourmet can help you out.  Gaye and Co. are wonderful at helping you find just the right item, whether it's a food item, a natural personal care product, or just the right supplement.Located just west of Biaggi's, Natural Gourmet is easy to find.  The store is small, but absolutely packed with goodies, from natural snacks to baking supplies to awesome bulk bins containing spices (both the usual and the not-so-usual), teas, and coffees.  They also have an entire aisle of various supplements, vitamins, and herbal remedies.  I always know exactly what I'm looking for when I go, but the employees, especially Gaye, the owner, are extremely helpful when you're not quite sure what you're looking for.  I have several friends who are regulars there, and all they have to do is describe their symptoms, and Gaye knows exactly what they need and where to find it.  She's amazing!They also have an amazing selection of food items, particularly baking supplies.  They carry a wonderful array of teas, both loose and bags, and are the only store in town that carry one of my favorite varieties (although I'm not going to tell you what it is, because they're almost always running low on it when I'm there to begin with!!).No place is perfect, and NG does have a few cons.  Produce selection is very limited, to the point of being almost nonexistent.  Also, the small space of the store means that items are very densely packed on the shelves, which is both a plus and a minus in my book.  True, shopping is efficient, but sometimes the shelves look a bit "cluttered."  This probably won't bother most people.  Also, the aisles are very narrow, which could produce a problem with traffic congestion, but I avoid peak shopping hours and have never had a problem.  The other con is that they close at 6:00 PM, so if you do all your shopping in the evening, you're out of luck here.Prices are reasonable and on the whole comparable to Strawberry Fields; some items may be a little more, others a little less.  The energy of the place is far better than Strawberry Fields, in my opinion.  It's hard to explain, but if you're sensitive to energy, it helps to know where the good juju is.
4	This is my go-to place for organic and pastured meats. Prices are better than Strawberry Fields, sometimes by an order of magnitude, the selection is usually wider and they are less likely to be sold out of the stuff I want. Produce is pretty nonexistent yes, they sell out of milk fast but if you're in need of sugar substitutes or hard to find herbs and spices they are awesome (check back in the back by the bulk foods).Also the lunch counter makes awesome sandwiches and very good Thai food (owner's husband is Thai and used to operate one of the best restaurants in Bloomington, I think it was). I like the noodle soups especially.
5	The owner and his wife are delightful and very helpful. They can provide literature that helps increase your understanding of various supplements and conditions. The prices seem reasonable and the selection is impressive!
5	Tucked away in the back of this natural food store is the most awesome thai deli!  the Mussleman Curry Chicken with egg is a must try.  FANTASTIC!  The flavor is outstanding.  I'm hooked!  I also love the basil beef, but it made super hot now and I'm not sure I can hang.  If you can handle the spice do try the basil beef too!
5	Help, I'm addicted.  The Natural Gourmet (NG) deli has the BEST authentic Thai curry anywhere in town!  Order it with an egg on the side and you'll know what I mean.  They don't hold back on the spice, so if you don't like to walk on the spicy side, definitely ask about milder menu options.For the relatively small storefront NG has a great selection of bulk foods, vitamins, teas, gluten free paraphernalia, snacks, drinks, cleaning products, etc. You won't miss big chain natural food stores once you visit this place!  Go out and support this wonderful locally owned business.
5	Had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time. Mussamen chicken curry with egg. Love this menu item!
