2	Went to Gary Canter's Deli for lunch with my wife and friends from California.  The deli is located between the Race & Sports Book  and the Poker Room.  It's kind of hard to find if you don't know where you're going.I had the Gary Canter Special, which was a huge sandwich with Pastrami, Corned Beef, Turkey, Honey Ham, Muenster Cheese on Rye Bread.  My wife had the 1/2 Corned Beef Sandwich with cup of Matzo Ball Soup.  Both came with a side order of fries.  The sandwiches were ok, not great.My sandwich had a ton of meat on it.  I don't really like it when the meat is piled too high.  It tasted good but it didn't blow me away and leave me wanting more.  The fries were not good at all.  They tasted a bit stale and cardboard-ish.....no real flavor to them.  We tried to get chips instead of the fries but were told it would be an additional $2 for chips...what?  For a small 4 oz bag of Lay's?  Fuggetta 'bout it!My wife enjoyed her cup of Matzo Ball Soup....again, not blown away.Because this place is located in a casino, their prices are pretty high.  My sandwich was $13.99 and the 1/2 sandwich & cup of soup was $9.99.  Kind of high for so/so food.  Good thing my friends were paying for lunch....otherwise I would have been upset.Will I return?  Probably not....unless I was starving and my friends paid for the meal.
5	Tucked away in the Mandalay Bay sports book area, I was looking for a bite to eat while getting ready to watch a World Cup game at the sports book. We all know how most casino dining establishments are pretty ridiculously overpriced, so I was looking for something cheaper. With sandwiches starting at around $9, this place definitely fit my bill. I ended up ordering the Gary Canter's special, which is stacked with 4 types of meats and 2 types of cheeses on rye bread and includes fries. Let me just tell you this thing is a monster. It's definitely big enough to feed 2 people. Not only was it humongous, but it was delish as well. Definitely recommended. I'm definitely glad I stumbled on this place and would highly recommend it as a cheap eat (relatively in Vegas) if you're in Mandalay. They do to-go's also, so it's a good option if you just want something to take back to your room.
5	This was a great place to stop off for a quick bite to eat. The portion sizes were good and the prices reasonable. The ice cream was rich and creamy. Their fries are good and crunchy. I would eat here again.
