4	Good food.  Scott is a good chef and his wife was our waitress.Learned well from his grandmother.Pasta is from Italy.  Everything is homemade and fresh.  The linguine scampi and shrimp was delicious.  The Mozzarella Marinara is good fresh mozzarella with a very tasty roma marinara.  The Penne Amaticiana is a very aggressive spicy dish!Only issue is the the Brookline Pub is connected and you go in the side door at the smoking area outside the Pub and it  somehow gets into the restaurant and lingers in the restaurant.The menu has chicken, a salad and soup and lots of pasta.  If you like good pasta, you will enjoy Piatto!Piatto gets its alcohol form the Pub.  Someone in the restaurant did BYOB and Lauren said it was $5 charge.  Next time will BYOB.
5	Wonderful experience in a cozy/quaint setting in Brookline! Food deliciously prepared by chef Scott and served by his charming, darling wife. Italian sauce on the eggplant was 'addictive'; warm bread perfect accompaniment. Prices not exorbitant at all and very worthwhile. Menu items include varieties of appetizers, salads,pasta, chicken and shrimp dishes uniquely prepared. Chef came out to meet us - they are very accommodating and anxious to please. A must-visit, for sure!
5	We had a great time at Piatto! It was girls night out and we loved the atmosphere and the service. The food was outstanding! I had a chicken dish stuffed with cheese and spinach and covered with a mushroom Marsala sauce. The sauce was mildly sweet, which I never would have guessed that I would like.  Turns out I loved it!! Everyone in our party enjoyed what they ordered. I got a taste of the marinara as well, and it too was excellent. Our waitress was very nice and attentive and kept our water glasses full. Only criticism is of the bathrooms. They were not too clean and not clearly marked. I started out in the men's room, and it was pretty nasty, lol!  Finally found the ladies room, and it was better, but not great. Also, these are inside the adjoining pub, so a little confusing. Would I go again? You bet! Cash only and BYOB, which I love!
5	I'm not a big fan of Italian food but I love to try new things and boy am I glad that I did. Took my 4 boys to Piatto for dinner and they loved it till this day they are still talking about it my kids are 9,5, and 3 year old twins. The atmosphere was beautiful and friendly. The food was fantastic. Me and my boyfriend have been back since without the kids and we tried all new things and again I was in love.
5	This is the best kept secret.. I have been to a lot of Italian restaurants and this is on the top of my list. Marsala sauce is amazing.
5	I have eaten there a few times and the quality of food is excellent. Everything is made to order and fresh. Takes a little longer because of that ,but worth the wait. Amazing flavors from everything I ate. He is a "great" Italian chef and the waitress was very nice.BYOB
5	As a lover of Italian food, I thought this little place was delightful. I purchased a Groupon and a friend and I came in for an early reservation on a Tuesday. The chef and owner, Scott, was very attentive and kind. He talked to us about the menu and explained that everything is fresh and made to order. Because of this, the food takes a little longer to come out, but I have no complaints about that, especially since we had both bread with a delicious homemade tomato sauce and salads with a house balsamic to keep us busy while our dinners were prepared.  I had the Pollo Della Chef, and it was fantastic. The Marsala sauce is a bit sweeter than I'm used to, and it ended up being a pleasant surprise. The freshness and quality of the food was obvious in taste and presentation. I included a picture here, but I didn't think to take the photo until I was well in to eating it, so if you check that out, you should note that you're only seeing about half of the portion size. Other things to know: this joint has about 8 or 9 tables, so I'd recommend a reservation; Meters run until 6 on Brookline Blvd, so don't forget your quarters (or credit card) if you come early; They have some wines available, but you can also BYOB;  The bathroom is not easily found, as you have to go in to the adjoining bar in order to get to it; I read another review that said it is cash only, so I brought cash and didn't ask about credit cards; And if you want an idea of price, an appetizer, two salads, and two dinners (one pasta and one chicken and pasta) ran us $43 before the Groupon.
5	AMAZING little place! On a weekend day trip with my boyfriend, we yelped this place to get away from downtown. Everyone had waits in excess of 2 hours. We called and the owner answered the phone himself. He told us there was no wait and to come right on in for some delicious italian food and relaxation. I can't tell you just how right he was! The place is tiny but homey, 9 tables total with one server on a Saturday. She was more than capable of handling the 4 tables she had at one time, and she was so polite, kind and lovely. I had the chicken piccata and my boyfriend had the homemade Alfredo with chicken and mushrooms and we shared the calamari as an appetizer. The calamari was tender and the marinara sauce was so flavorful. My dinner came with a salad- word of caution...if you choose the spicy dressing be prepared! It is REALLY spicy, but still tasty! The pasta was perfectly al dente, the piccata sauce was perfectly balanced and the Alfredo sauce was cheesy perfection. With the appetizer and our two entrees, the bill came to $41 and some change. This is a place that you find once in a lifetime, We will DEFINITELY be back!
1	I have to start by saying I love to give new independent businesses a chance, but I should have went with my gut on this one.  After trying over a dozen times to make a reservation by phone and never received a call back I personally went there to make the reservation.  The ambiance is lacking but thought the food might make that up.  We were the only ones in the place on a Saturday at 6pm.  Then, to find out the chef wasn't there that night, and we would have a "chef in training"  Well, he needs a lot more!!!   We had to ask for water, the silverware was dirty, we were given our own corkscrew to open our wine.  We were told to go with family style since they only had 5 burners.  (who says that??)  So, since there were 8 of us, we went with that.  We were given ice cold plates for our dinner. The chicken was not cooked and fatty, the pasta was cold.  We ordered tortellini and when it came out it was penne.  This wasn't even addressed, so I questioned it.  I was told they ran out of tortellini.  How did you run out when we were the only ones there and they just opened at 4pm?  We should have been told prior to this and ask if that was o.k. The calamari was overcooked and like rubber.  The only good thing I have to say about this place was, the water was good!   I had read all the other reviews and decided to give it a chance.  So wrong!!  With so many other great restaurants popping up in Pittsburgh, don't waste your time or money on this place!!   For the same price we paid, we could have had a great meal 5 minutes away at Amels!!!   Oh, and last but not least, they only take cash.  At no time were we told this, or was it posted anywhere.  To sum it up in one word-awful.  No wonder why his other restaurant didn't survive!
