4	Went here for a few cold brews on a Sunday night. Barely anyone there that night but it's a new establishment. They had cornhole which was enjoyable to play with the pals. Large LCD tv's all around the walls. Clean place , relax environment, friendly staff. Will check it out again another time.
1	This place is a joke.  Service is horrible, blond bartender does nothing at all but sit there.  No Service at all!!  The food was expensive!!!  $12 for a small order of SALAD??  The music was on and you couldn't even hear yourself think.  This has got to be the worst experience I've ever had.  I would NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!!
1	Avoid at all costs!  New owners suck!
5	Ready for Football
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Great selection of Beer and liquor. The Owner/Bartender is friendly, efficient, and fun!  We always feel welcome and have a good time. AND the Karaoke is GREAT on Wednesdays and Sundays! We try not to miss it :-)
5	Awesome place! Very chill, good location and the staff is great! Love the set up and decor as well..great job! Thank you to the new owners!
1	Ahhh, where to start.  Went with some peers and it was a big disappoinment.  The fries were under cooked. theye didn't have a few itemsbecause they were out in the kitchen and my fired chicken sandwich was so overdone that the edges were inedible.  When I told the cook, she looked shocked.  I then asked what the happy hour drink speacial were and she told me to look at the walls....huh?  The waitress did then proceed to tell me wehat they were. They did however give me "gift money" to come back another day. I will say that it was pretty nice on the inside.  It's a shame because there is so much potential but I don't see it lasting.
2	Basically a Karaoke bar. If you like to hear a majority of people sing badly then this is your place! UUhhhhgggg!!
4	What a nice little neighborhood bar. Small, cozy yet plenty of seating. Food was tremendous and unique. The beer was cheap and the food was reasonable. I'll be back.
4	Terrific, attentive staff, cold beer and great eats!  Great mix of people!  Come on in and feel right at home.  Fun place catch a game too!  We'll be back.
5	Fuller's is one one of my favorite local spots in Chandler! I love coming here for their $3 Four Peaks Brews specials on Saturday. I am also a HUGE fan of their beer battered (hop knot) fish n chips! This stuff is great! They also have great Karaoke.. The staff and owners are great and give good service. Beer buckets only $10 and you can bring back "beer chips" that you don't use!
5	Did we just become the newest hot spot in Chandler for cool people! Place is really taking off, love the new atmosphere!!!! We got a wonderful selection of great tap handles, we even got Pumpkin Porter. Very unique staff, and unique crowd!!!Monday - Poker NightTuesday - Trivia NightWednesday - Karaoke / Bike NightThursday - Dj NightFriday - Karaoke Saturday - College Football / KaraokeSunday - NFL Showdown / Karaoke
5	Good sports bar, was there and all the screens were on, if you love vodka they carry quite a number of different ones. Food was great and arrived quickly and was exactly as ordered. Nice space, DOES have a patio/outside tables. Do not understand how one winner says 'Avoid at all costs!  New owners suck!' without saying why, classic trolling. This is not a hipsters or foo foo bar people so the uppity ones can go to Scottsdale and over pay there.
5	Karaoke on Saturdays is awesome. The hot wings are amazing just order 24 you'll be glad you did.
5	We were invited to go here about a year ago for karaoke.  We liked it right away.  I've read the other reviews regarding the service and it really boggles my mind because the very first day we went there our server was friendly and attentive...we got to know her on a first name basis that first night.  The next time we went, she remembered us and even remembered what we had ordered the last time!  I've never had bad service in this place, even when it's packed with people.      We love that there are tv's everywhere....even a huge screen above the bar.  It's the best place to watch the game.  They have karaoke every night except Monday and Tuesday and the karaoke hosts keep it moving and fun.  But I think the most surprising thing about this place is the FOOD.  Don't expect mediocre food here.  The owner takes alot of time and effort working on the food items and it''s working.  The onion rings are phenomenal.....I challenge anyone to find better onion rings anywhere in this entire state.  The Captain chicken strips are incredible and I order them just about every time I go there.....I can't get enough. My friend ordered the mini chicken chimichangas so I tried one and now they are my other favorite menu item.  But I also love the wings and flatbread pizza.....all the food is good.  I keep wanting to try more items on the menu, but I'm addicted to the ones that I've tried so far and I can't eat it all!      Fullers is a very fun and friendly place.  The environment there is open and upbeat....it's not a boring, dive bar kind of place at all. Not only did my fiance propose to me here, but we also came here to celebrate the anniversary of the day we met.   We like it here....alot.
5	Found this place a few weeks ago with my girlfriend. The staff is really great!! I have now been there 3 times and each time my friends and I have a blast. We have met the staff : Shelly and Chris who are super friendly and make you feel welcome. The crowd is diverse and everyone is friendly. They offer karokee and I have heard some really great singers. I have been there on a Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.  for a good time. Oh and my favorite is the bruschetta that they make..yummy..
4	Nice fun small place to grab a quick beer!Food is good and staff is nice Great karaoke !!!!!!!!!
4	Cozy place with lots of TV's. Very sporty place....Food options look good, also the Beer is priced very Low which is Awesome. The workers are Very friendly and the people are polite ,  I will be back to the "Man Cave" Let's Go   E A G L E S !!!!!!
