5	Gorgeous inside, very clean and neat!Aurora is so helpful in getting me in for a quick cut. I will definitely be returning back!~Rebecca G.
5	Jade is an excellent haircutter.  Knows lots about world politics and will talk your ear off about it if you let her (LOL) but also has a sensitive touch. She's a great listener.  And knows when to hold them and knows when to fold them. She does a perfect Updo if your ever in a pinch, and could color the Sasquatch camouflage (if you know what I mean) and basically, what I mean, is she's the total package. She does it all. Great cuts, great colors, great times....great Scott! Go see Jade.
5	Beautiful updated salon. Comfortable atmosphere.  Well trained stylists. I would trust anyone at Salon Lulu with my hair.  They also have a nail tech and an esthetician.
1	They should rename this place Salon Lu-ser. I went in to have my bangs and ends trimmed. Unfortunately for me, I left with an uneven chop shop looking mess and six inches in length cut off. Between the abysmal stylist Lorraine and the argumentative salon manager Erin, I'm not sure what was more disappointing. I wanted a refund for several reasons; I hate my hair, I asked for a trim and left with lopsided bob and they wanted me to wait nearly two days to have it fixed. Not to mention, the one doing the fixing was supposed to be the stylist who whacked my hair off in the first place. No thank you Lorraine.  No client should have to wait two days to have hair their fixed especially considering I paid Lorraine $36.00 for a haircut and I left looking like a mess.  The salon manager Erin stated she would not be giving me a refund because she 'can't' and the stylist Lorraine states she can't give a refund because it's 'store policy'. Someone is lying.  To quote the salon webpage directly, "Come experience Salon Lulu; we guarantee you'll be satisfied with your appearance". I was utterly dissatisfied with the appearance of my haircut". Their complete lack of customer service skills is a direct reflection of poor business practices. NEVER AGAIN
5	I love this place! The first thing to note, is each chair is rented to different stylists so it's not a corporate set up like Ulta or other salons in the valley- it's like mini businesses within a business so pricing completely depends on who you are seeing. I have been going to DeDra for 5 or so years now and she is absolutely amazing. I get compliments on my hair almost on a daily basis; she really understands color, flattering cuts, and can explain why something may or may not work because of your hair type or texture, etc. Being that I have followed this one amazing stylist all over the Chandler area through the years, I feel like I have a pretty good idea of what salons have it, and which are lacking. Salon Lulu is super clean, updated and by no means has that gaudy decor that seems to be a running a muck (gotta love those places that have giant gold painted cherubs on the walls with fake ivy plants or massive chandeliers made of pink and black plastic beads so you feel like you're somewhere "classy"). It's got a great vibe from the diverse group of stylists that are there and there is a fantastic lack of caddy and petty women. Everyone is super nice and helpful from my experiences and everyone seems to jive well together. I dig it!
5	I have been going to Salon Lulu since it opened. I absolutely love how clean it is and all the independent employees are super sweet and professional. I would recommend this salon to everyone. Jasmine has been doing my hair for years and she does a great job. I would recommend Erin also who is super sweet and does a great job doing hair.
5	I love coming here! Lorraine has been doing my hair since September and I'm always pleased with the results. I came to her based on a referral when I was looking to change stylists. Lorraine knows what she's doing and strives to give you what you want. She's a sweetheart and lots of fun to talk to.
