3	So where else can you swig a martini and get your nails did while you converse in the art of Beauty and the Vegas Nightlife? Yep We got one. LA was the first one I went to, this place opened 2004. You walk in off of Fremont St. and it's kinda in a ghettoish part of Vegas. Hey it gives it charecter. The bar it cool, like this 60's beauty parlor with several nail stations. Some of the seats have those cone blowdryers that give it a lil sumpin sumpin. They play all kinds of different music. The crowd is more edgey and scene kids hang out there. There is no Draft Beer!!! Bad side....small venue....location kinda sucks. But hey cheap rent!
3	I'm pretty geeked about the Downtown revitalization's most successful aspect being countercultural. They spent gazillions of dollars on the Fremont Street Experience and all that Neonopolis jazz, trying to get the nice people to come downtown, and the nice people kinda yawned. But look at this!  The demographic that this city has perversely ignored for so long, namely people interested in art and music, are fueling something good on East Fremont. Something good besides crack whores and 40 cent Keno at the Western, I mean. The Beauty Bar is one reason why...The kitschy salon idea is great, but really, the best aspects are 1) When I ordered a drink I was STUNNED...it was in an actual glass. Made of GLASS!!! Thank you Jesus! I thought I would never again get whiskey at a bar with live music that wasn't in a plastic cup. The reason for that is 2) The stage is outside in a fenced off portion of the alley, and a cranky gentleman at the door won't let you bring your glass out there to throw at the drummer. Which is all OK with me, on both counts. My only complaints are that the music inside is stupid loud, so no conversation...you better just look good. What's weird is, the music outside.... not so much. The ambience of the alley is great, but the PA system needs a little help, and lighting is provided by a streetlight. I'd like to see them put a little money into that aspect once they are able to. But that doesn't stop me from going,and being damned grateful that there is indeed a rennaisance happening Downtown, and for once its main beneficiaries are people like me. That goes for all the newer Downtown bars, and whoever is behind this whole "Fremont East District" thing...good on ya. When Hilly gets the Hazmat team to move CBGB down there, as is rumored, that will be an anchor to the whole thing, and allow the creative class in this city to come out of their geographically and developmentally-imposed reclusion...and that will do more to cure our civic inferiority complex than an NBA team or any $4 billion hotel.
2	Ugh.  The Beauty Bar review.  The one I knew I'd have to do but had been putting off.There's not much to say that hasn't been said.  If you're completely into hanging out with 19 year olds with hi-fashion mullets who dance like they're trying to kill a swarm of bees emerging from their knees, this is totally your place.  If you're not into conversation or sitting, it's your mecca.  If you like hearing the same Smiths, Joy Division and Depeche Mode songs over. and over. and over. because the 80 are, like, so totally IT right now, please please please go to the Beauty Bar so I won't run in to you.If you're, oh, 23 or over or actually like a variety of music or don't feel like taking 15 minutes to make your way the same number of feet, you might want to find another place to spend your evening.When the Beauty Bar first opened up, it was actually pretty delightful.  My crew and I would go there on the weekends, secure a couch in the corner, listen to someone who we probably knew spin some decent records, and drink ourselves blotto around other people who were of age to do so.  It didn't take long for the word to get out, though, and the underage hipster kids came a-runnin' and a-ruinin'.I added one star to acknowledge the fact that there are sometimes bands that stop there that are actually worth braving all this hullabaloo to see.  I got to see Say Hi To Your Mom, one of my all time favorites, for free, playing three feet away from me.  That partially softened my cold, hard heart.
2	This is a hipster "stand around and look cool" type of bar, located downtown.  I went for their First Friday event, which is supposed to be "Classic Soul"... ha, ha, ha.  They were not playing anything that even resembled classic soul.  They were playing Madonna, 80's and early 90's rap, and The Bravery.  And a bunch of other crap.  Maybe they have better music on other nights, but I'll sure never go to this again.  Cover was only $5 but not worth it.  It was also totally crowded and you have to fight your way to move a few inches- and don't even try going in the ladies' bathroom!  There was some dancing, but it wasn't music I wanted to dance to. I did like the atmosphere inside, kinda gritty and cool.  Also they have an outdoor area back in the alley.  I may go back for a different night.
3	We went to the Beauty Bar last night to see This Charming Band (Smiths cover band.) We got there at 10:30, when the band was supposed to play. There was a grand total of maybe ten people in the bar at that time. The band, who were easy enough to pick out (pompadours and rolled jean cuffs), were having a good time at the bar but were in no way making moves towards actually playing music.By 12:30 we decided it was time to leave and only then did the band decide to play. They played on an outdoor stage in the back of the bar. When we drove past in the alley behind the bar, we could see vaguely that it looked like a pretty cool little spot. Overall though, I was thoroughly unimpressed with the Beauty Bar. Seating is a joke: two ugly arm chairs, an even uglier couch and a scattering of salon style hair chairs and some stools at the bar. I'm not sure if they had cleared it out a little to allow room for dancing as there was a DJ, but regardless it was not unlike many junior high school dances I've attended: a lot of people standing around looking vaguely uncomfortable. At about 11:30 the March of Over Styled Hair began to trickle through the door. I too, fell victim to over indulging in product, but my pieced out razor cut is NOTHING compared to the shit these girls were wearing on their heads. And for the love of God do not even get me started on the girl wearing the red sequined top. I cannot even begin to explain what it looked like other than terms like "garish", "tragic" and "unfortunate".The drinks were overpriced, but everything in Vegas is overpriced. The DJ did a decent job, however stopping/starting a song multiple times is usually a big faux pas in what is supposed to be a dance club. He played a pretty varied mix of 80s songs though, and it seemed he eventually fell into a sort of groove and there were no more shakey false starts. My major complaint here is that I am really tired of going out to bars to see a band, advertised to be playing at a certian time, only to be waiting on them for SEVERAL hours before they start. Who ever is promoting and/or responsible for the bands should make certian that they play roughly within the time frame of the advertised time. I don't mind a band going on half hour to hour late, especially if there's no one in the bar yet. Two hours, however is excessive. Especially when it's midnight. Bad hair and sequined tops aside, the crowd inside the bar appeared to be pretty diverse, which is nice for a Vegas night club. I may or may not visit the Beauty Bar again, but one thing is for sure: thank God it's right next door to the Griffin which makes for a quick and easy escape.Oh, and you can valet at the Downtown Cocktail Room for $5 and not have to worry about leaving your car on the street in sketchy downtown Vegas, or having to walk all the way through the Four Queens to validate your parking for the garage.
4	Too small inside to be a dance club, but i'm not sure if the owner and DJs know that.  Because holy hell it's loud in there!on the other hand, the exterior patio with the old, extra broken-in sofas is actually really large.  When bands play out back there, the sound is quite good.  Lighting provided by a broken alley street light that turns on and off at it's own whim.The drinks are strong, which is nice. There is no video poker inside anywhere, which is also nice.The music is kinda cliche indie music like the Clash and the Smiths, but that's ok with me. Sometimes you need that.The decor is my favorite part, pretty simple, pretty vintage-classy and hipster-esque.  I liked the vintage hairdresser's chairs for seating, although limited.  I'd go here again for sure.
4	I like all the locals hating on the vegas iteration of the Beauty Bar.  I will say that the Vegas scenesters looked pretty "Davy from AFI" to my eye.The back patio stage area has pretty decent sound- like San Diego, the stage is out doors, but unlike San Diego there is no over hang.  Unlike San Diego, Vegas can be painfully hot, even in the middle of the night.  The interior sound system was fine.Again- for VEGAS the DOUCHE FACTOR was low.  And that's nice.  The absence of gambling is nice.  I think it has potential.  I'd like to see it on a crowded night.Parking was fine.
2	Didnt like the Beauty bar as much as the others around it. It was hot, and the crowd was much younger than my taste. Mostly twenty something skater looking kids with skin tight jeans and black shirts. I also wasnt a big fan of the 2 bands I saw while there. They were both very loud punk bands that you cant understand a word they were saying. And the bands were playing out back in the alley area behind the bar. I did like the street light above the alley that flickers on and off every few minutes and the assortment of couches that look like they were picked up at every garage sale in town, and dropped off in this alley.  Inside there was a DJ playing dance music from an iPod, and it was better then the live bands out back. Overall I guess it would be a good place to go if you are into loud music and standing around outside in a hot alley. Maybe in the winter when its cooler it would be fun to hang around back there.
5	TEXT MESSAGINGMe:  "Wanna go First Friday at Beauty Bar?"Cousins:  "I'm down, what time?"Me:  "Let's meet at my house by 10:30pm"Cousins:  "Okay... what do I wear?"Me:  "It's all casual and chill.  Just come as you are".Ever wanted to go somewhere where you don't have to worry about looking cute or packing on the foundation and blow-drying your hair?  Sometimes it gets annoying getting ready for over an hour, smelling good only to come out the total opposite.  Not Beauty Bar... no, no, no.  I love the fact that I can wear jeans, a baby-t, pull my hair in piggy-tails with a puma hat over it, tennis shoes, eye-liner and lip gloss, and I'm all set to party and chill.  When my cousins and I arrived, there was already a line where people were waiting to be let in.  Luckily, the line wasn't unbearable and only waited for about a good 10 minutes before entering.  I knew the bouncer since I found this place through my old work promoting and marketing Kool cigarettes, and he was always friendly with us.  I was about to just walk right in since that's what I was used to, but I was abruptly stopped by the cashier.  "Five dollars, please."  Damn!  First time I've had to pay to get in.  At least it's only a $5 and not $20 or more.  Can't complain.  Maybe if I wore a skirt and she was a lesbian, she would've let me in after a cute smile at her.  For guys, it's $10.  So be ready to have cash at hand.  Otherwise,  you'll have to go to the ATM and it's a waste of a walk just for small bills.It was a crowded scene, people with drinks in their hand and/or waiting to get a drink at the bar.  At times, there are people who do art off to the side and a lady who will give you a manicure.  Never seen anything like it.  I liked the originality of it.  Mostly, it's like a lounge without any seats on the inside.  After walking deeper inside the club, there you're lead to a small dance floor and the music is like techno/dance.  That's where the bathrooms are too.  I'd hate to dance where I can smell people's shit and puke.Further down, you'll hit the door that leads to the outside.  This is where all the b-boys and b-girls are doing their thing. The music is underground hip-hop.  Don't come here if you want 50Cent or Justin Timberlake.  Commercial HipHop is not welcome.  If it's a good crowd, it's a great night.  But this night, my cousins and I were bored.  There wasn't much happening and all the seats were pretty much taken.  So, we were just standing around.  I needed to get sloshed if it was gonna be like this the whole night.  Drinks are $5 a glass of anything.  I loved that!  Since I was a light weight, I got tipsy with $15.    Woohoo, what a cheap drunk I was.  We finally got a couch to sit on so we raced for it.  I was starting to have fun until I felt like I had to entertain someone the whole night.  That was my exit.  We stayed a good 2 hours and left.  I love First Friday.  I'd go back just so I can try to dance if there were anyone else dancing.  I guess I'd be like a karaoke dancer - I'd have to be wasted to feel comfortable on the dance floor.
3	I've been here twice on the weekend around midnight and the place seemed like a shabby, barren, dusty, gutted beauty parlor. A couple truly odd patrons were kacked out on the seats against the wall -- a suburban housewife wearing white Nikes, two seemingly cleaned-up homeless crackheads -- mixed in with hipsters galore. Seriously, I never knew there were so many hipsters in Vegas.The signature drinks are delicious and are served in nice glasses and pack a punch to all get-out, and the bartender is super hot, like Kat Von D, but the second night I went our drinks were served in red plastic cups. Classy. However, there was a lady giving manicures, which is a cool thing to get when you're fuckin' wasted. The music is loud (and cool), so don't expect to have deep convos -- although I did with several very interesting patrons. Despite its shortcomings, I did indeed enjoy drinking myself to near oblivion.
4	I agree with Frederic V., this place is a little overwhelming with the over abundance of hipster kids, but this is what you have to expect at a trendy looking bar.  (I'm from around San Francisco, and trust me, you've never seen so many pretentious 20-somethings in your life!)  That said, the LV Beauty Bar is actually a very nice and well put together venue.  The concept is fun and the drinks are good.  And even though the crowd is young, they're pretty low key and not nearly as irritating as the obnoxious "I just want to get plastered and barf everywhere" touristy crowd you find on the strip.  My only true complaint was when I was there to catch a live show in the back patio, the music from the front room was so loud and grating that it ruined some really beautiful moments in the show I PAID to see.  I think that they should monitor the back door so no one comes in or out unless it's between songs/sets.  Just a thought.
5	One of the best bars in Vegas.  You'll get original music and a varied crowd.  Lots of hipsters.  Hipsters lol.The drinks are cheap and there's always something to see.  Just east of the downtown casinos so access is easy.  First Friday is like New Year's here.Check their website for the latest schedule and arrive 45 mins later than whatever is posted.
5	beauty bar las vegas is the only bar that does not cater to the $30,000 millionaires. no dress code, no cover, cheap drinks, gritty, and i got to see the hieroglyphics for free. it was the most fun i've had going out in vegas.
4	Cool spot to see bands, but otherwise I haven't been to this bar much.  I haven't really talked to too many people at this joint, which makes me think it might be a little more hipster than I can handle.  But I'll be going back whenever bands I like play here, and the drinks are cheap.
4	I had an opportunity to hit this place up on a Saturday evening... There was some decent band playing some of that modern style hard rock that has periods of slow stuff that is radio friendly... Or maybe they do it so  that some chicks will show up.  Anyhow, this isn't a review of the band it is a review of the bar... I actually dug this place, interesting set up, themed like a (who guessed it...) beauty parlor... with those hairdryer things and manicure tables and all the usual stuff you find at a salon, but with the addition of booze!  Well, maybe the place you go to get your hair cut serves booze, but mine doesn't...  They offer a full bar and if you aren't interested in imbibing some delicious alcohol then you are also able to order yourself a 24oz PBR (that is Pabst Blue Ribbon for those of you who don't know, and in the words of Biggy: If you don't know, now you know...)Right, so I sampled the Jack n' Coke, and considering that in this bar I saw 2 Hells Angels (real deal... sporting colors) and everyone else had about 2 square feet of tattooage all over there body I will rate the Jack n' Coke as weak.  It was right up there with the measured Jack n' Cokes you get at professional sports venues...  Anyhow, probably for the best considering the clientele... For reference 3 mixed drinks and a Bud Light (can) cost $24, so bring a flask and top off you drink... Either that or venture into the 24oz PBR world, I can't imagine those cost more than $2, but then again this is Vegas you aren't trying to save money... and if you are a local then you don't need me to tell you how to party...4 Stars for the setup-1 Star for the weak drink+1 Star for having Hells Angels and hot tatooed chicks (I better give them a star if I know whats good for me...)
4	I loved the Beauty Bar!  This was the first time I've ever gone off the strip to go out and it was definitely worth it.  (Although, this part of town does feel somewhat dirty, similar to Reno.)  Anyways, i just loved how laid back it was.  They play a bunch of shows here, so I would check the schedule.  We had our days messed up and missed the band we were supposed to see.  No biggie, they didn't make us pay the cover to go into that area.  Definitely head out here if you want to hang out with your friends in a cool spot and not deal with the douche bags that you will find at the clubs.
4	The Beauty Bar is located in the new art bar district of downtown Las Vegas. That area is kind of an anomaly to me. I mean, its the old school Strip. Before The Bellagio and Ceasar's, it was Fremont and The Nugget. Its still a really touristy area. But then there are little gems more east on Fremont like the Beauty Bar, The Griffin, and The Downtown Cocktail Lounge. As Bf says, its "culturally away from casino culture." It gives me hope for this city. Keep your eyes peeled for some galleries opening up in that area. This Beauty Bar is part of the same conglomo in LA, SF, NY, SD, and Austin. I think its the closest thing to LA grunge-hip we've got here. For dudes, wear skin tight jeans. Ladies, pick up something from the Buffalo Exchange. Tattoos and piercings are encouraged. Be prepared to dance like a funky robot. I love it. I've only been to La Salon de Beauty on First Fridays. I have to get there early (like 10p) and get my drinks. Otherwise it gets so crowded. I seriously contemplated elbowing a guy in the throat at the bar one night because he was being a moron. I hate you, morons. There are two music sections. Inside there's an electro-clash DJ and outside there's a funky funk DJ who attracts the funkiest break dancers. Its funky. I like the inside and outside. I can never pick. On other nights, they have live bands in the back yard. Go down and support up and coming artists, indie, and unsigned bands. Drinks aren't badly overpriced for a night club in Vegas. $5 for a Stella? Ladies, forget about using the bathroom after midnight. Park in the big red garage, east of Fitzgerald's. We average $5 on parking. Cover is $5 for local ladies and $10 for local boys. * off the strip, non-casino
4	It was dead on Tuesday night when we went, but the vibe was cool.  There was a $5 fee at the door, when it was EMPTY.  I was bummed there were so many weird tourists that night, and we almost left.  The saving grace was the three awesome guys we met there and partied all night long with.  I love Vegas.
2	Such a cute place - too bad we were the only two people there on a Tuesday night at 11:00 pm when we'd made the trip all the way down there from the Strip and it doesn't open until 9:00 and the door is locked until we kill some time waiting for it to "happen". It never did. It's very pink and sparkly though.
4	I was a the Beauty Bar on a week night. The few times I've been down there on non-weekend nights, it was pretty slow. BUT it gave me a chance to get a mani! On Thursday nights, there's a manicurist there to give your hands a pampering. Her name is Cari and she's awesome. She was really easy to talk to. She'll customize your manicure experience and she specialized in French tip (non acrylics or gels). But by law, she's not allowed to have any sharp instruments, like cuticle clippers. She works on tips. I didn't know what was appropriate, but I figure a manicure at a salon would be like $25, right? I just gave her all my money. A tip: pull your money out before your nails are wet with polish.
2	I'm a college Kid who has been in Vegas for 3 years and have to say that the beauty bar is a college kid hot spot. that being said, i dont get it. It's dirty and the drinks are far from cheap. the music is also Very annoying but i guess some people must like it. I like the concept, but the fact that the place is so dirty makes my skin crawl.
3	Staying true to its steelo like the Beauty Bar in LA, the decor was definitely dope.  With that being said, wasn't thrown off by the hipster crowd (with a Nevada twist) which is a breath of fresh air compared to the douchebaggery that makes up the Las Vegas strip.  Coming from LA, we knew we had to hit this spot.  Too bad it wasn't the 1st Friday of the month, The GetBack, then we probably would of made this our only spot we'd be at all night.  Looked it up, it was advertised as "I Love Hip Hop"....  Once we got there, didn't hear a lick of Hip Hop.  Mostly Breaks-n-Funk.  Don't get me wrong, Im down with that, but was looking forward to some dope Hip Hop.Saw some spillage of douchebaggery from mid-west tourist, trannys, ravers and Vegas schmucks.  Music was dope, drinks were cheap and the patio was definitely accomodating (Huge).Would go back, but gonna plan it around the 1st Friday on the Month!
4	Disclaimer:  If you are the kind of person who LOVES to hang out on the strip, you will hatehatehate Beauty Bar.  If you identify (even slightly) with any of the following, you'll love it:  -Hipster-Indie-Alternative-Emo-Rockabilly-Hippie-Struggling Artist/Musician-Don't like to showerI have been to Beauty Bar LA many times, but just moved to Vegas, and am giving this one a try.  It's a kitschy, small bar with a serious lean toward hipster.   I got a vodka tonic ($5) and a vodka rockstar ($6).  These prices didn't seem outrageous to me at all, and the bartenders were very friendly.  You know, for hipsters.We were there for roller derby night (Valentines), and it was hilarious!  It was basically a bunch of semi-coked out dirty hipsters in booty shorts and sweatbands, skating around all willy nilly.  I had a blast, and will absolutely go next time they have roller skating.  The only drawback was the $5 cover at the door.  For a place that's so small and really wasn't crowded, that seemed a bit ridiculous.  On the other hand, it was only $5, not $15 or $20, like I've been quoted at Downtown (the bar on Las Vegas and Fremont, right around the corner).The music was perfect for rollerskating, and included a bunch of 70's, 80's and 90's hits (like No Diggity, Jesse's Girl, and Jackson 5 songs).  Like I said, if you're a big fan of, say, Tabu...you'll hate this place.  Consider yourself warned, mainstream Vegas crowd.
2	Not my usual type of bar, but we came here for my friend's bday so there were a lot of us.  That always makes it a little better.  The crowd was interesting...emo/punk/modelish type people.  I didn't even know those 3 could be combined into one person!  But apparently they can.  The drinks were pretty cheap...$5-$7..but they also came in small plastic cups.  I automatically have something against places that only serve drinks in plastic cups.  The music was kinda fun....trancy/electro pop/hip hop mixes.  And there was this fun corner, to take prom picutres with a large stuffed animal penguin.  Yes, I'm serious.
4	I came here once but it totally met my expectations. Basically, I didn't want to spend that much, Hell, I'm already in Vegas. I didn't wanna go out to those fancy pants clubs (which I'm not against, just didn't wanna go this time), so this was the perfect little spot to hang out. We got in and everybody was at the bar and there was a DJ spinning some tunes. To my enjoyment he threw on some LCD Soundsystem and other dancey gems and me and everybody I was with turned it into a club. We started dancing and I'm not even sure if people usually dance here, but eh, who cares. We had a blast! Drinks were cheap in comparison to what you'd usually pay on the Strip. The crowd was definitely there with the same mindset. Get wasted for cheap and party cuz' you're in Vegas. The one downside was that there was some back area where they charged you and there was some really drab band playing. Totally depressing. I saw people literally sitting on the floor while this band was whaling away with their cacophony. Besides that, it was definitely a great place to start and would've been a sweet way to end the night. But alas, we went on to conquer Fremont.
4	Last night my friends and I went to see Young Love at the Beauty Bar. I had never been there before, but I thought it was a good place to see live music. The decor is reminiscent of a kitschy 1950s hair salon. It is small inside the actual bar, but they have a little dance floor where there is a DJ spinning some really good music, and an area outside where you can listen to the live acts themselves.The drinks were reasonable compared to the ones you get on the Strip ($20 for both of my friends including me, not including tip), and the staff were friendly. It was $10 for each of us to see the bands, which is reasonable as well. My only complaint was the sound system. They had a lot of technical problems, which kind of ruined the experience, since almost all the bands had a lot of starts and stops during their sets. If they could get that straightened out, I'd give it a full five stars. The merchandise was sold through a kiosk that looked like an old-fashioned trailer straight out of John Waters' Pink Flamingos, but it was a nice touch.I liked the vibe and atmosphere of the place. It seemed like it's just a regular place for normal people to hang out and see bands who are "the next best thing" before they become big. Kind of quirky, unique, and different. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time and see some rockin' bands.
4	The DJ plays some good stuff. I totally dig this crowd and prefer it more than the people on the strip. Drink prices were very reasonable. I didn't know bands performed in the back but I guess that night someone was performing b/c two guys with a camera and recorder kept following these 3 hipsters around. Didn't stay for that. Eh!
5	You will not find any bar in Las Vegas that has an indie and electro music and an underground vibe going 7 days a week.  The last Saturday of the month is Say What?! put on by IndieKrush.
5	Never having been to downtown Las Vegas before, I decided to randomly pop in here just out of curiosity.  A nice, down to earth change from the strip.  Somewhat hipster-ish, but not enough to make you want to cut a bitch.Seconds after I walked in, the bartender beckons me over and hands me a full cup of Jack on the rocks for free.Five stars.
4	I'll first say that I've only been here a few times but I think that I understand what's going on here.The music has been a little different each time but was always great.  Kudos to the guys pushing buttons on their laptops.My best time there was on Down and Derby night.  Every second Saturday of the month the back patio is opened up for a roller skating party.  It's 5 or 10 bucks to get in depending on whether or not you have registered online in advance or whether or not you tell the door guy that you registered in advance or not ;)  If you don't BYOS, rentals are another 5 bucks, I think.  So I haven't been on a pair of 4 wheeled skates in probably 25 years, uhm yeah, I'm not that good.  Unfortunately the uneven and sloped concrete patio surface does not offer confidence for the ameture skater.  Oh well everyone else there is nice enough to catch you if you're a little out of control.  The crowd was comprised of quite a few roller derby girls, some gay boys, and generally nice people.  Miller girls were present to give free Miller Lite to anyone not drinking Miller Lite...Or just wink at them and you'll probably get a free beer too.  If you hate Miller don't worry, the beers were cheap anyways.  The only draw back was the tranny bartender, I'm pretty sure he visually undressed me.  Oh and don't try any roller skating in the front part of the bar, that will get you a talking to!
4	I've become a regular fixture at the Thursday Goth night held here, called Club Cyanide.  Beauty Bar itself is a small, quirky venue, that lends itself well to such a venture.  It retains many touches from its former life as a salon, including faded hair-dye adverts from the 50's, and a row of deactivated dryer chairs for patrons to sit in.  Glittery pink walls complete the aesthetic.I know there's a back patio area where live bands play from time to time, but I've never had a chance to check it out.Cyanide features darkwave/synth music, with a little electropop thrown in.  Think Joy Division, The Cure, Sisters of Mercy, The Stooges, Fisherspooner, etc.  The DJ's are quite friendly and accessible.  They'll gladly chat with you any chance they get.  They often honor requests.The music attracts precisely the crowd you'd expect:  mixed ages from 21-40+, mostly dressed in black attire.  A few hipster kids.  A little walk-in traffic from the Fremont area.  Everybody drinks, chats, and generally gets friendly, even with newcomers.There's a lovely little raised dance floor in the center of the club.  There's always at least a scattering of people on it.  Watch for the edge!  I almost fell off of it while admiring my own dance moves in one of the many mirrors hanging on the wall.When you get tired of dancing, there are about a dozen couches and lounges to sit on with your new friends.Drinks are reasonable and stiff as a brick.If you're interested in Club Cyanide, here's their myspace page:  http://www.myspace.com/clubcyanidelasvegasI highly recommend it.
5	I only came upon this place because my good friends know me and knew I'd love it... and they were right.. this place is totally my speed.  I enjoy a good night of dress up.. but prefer a place like this where u can throw on a pair of chucks and ur kangol and just be funky fresh and  comfy!idk how it is every weekend, but first fridays is where it's at. hip hoppers.. definitely hit it up.  it's the spot. it's not big at all.. the actual indoor part seems to be a dive.. it's not big at all.. but then u walk out to the back and it's this expansion of ppl dancing to funk, soul, and hip hop. not the usual club banger shit.. I'm talking funk! real feel good music.... I was dancing all night.inside they play electro funkish sounding grooves, which i really dig!  it's fun.. and then out thru the magic door....... funk'n home. :) ps: they aren't shady with drinks tho..pss: this place is not for everybody. lol but I loved it!
3	After deciding I did not want to do the club scene in Vegas I did some investigation asking locals where to go: All of them agreed on the Beauty Bar in Vegas.Yes- it does have a different vibe from the Vegas strip but @ the same time it's still Vegas and electro-dancing has to be incorporated in any sense. Hence the first part of the bar. A nice homage to the club scene of Vegas except with a BUNCH of hipsters.The second part of the bar (the outside) was a sigh of relief. Live bands were playing and the cover was not that bad. Only $5!In conclusion it's not the best or worst bar I've been to. Still waiting for this Hip-hop, funk night many people have been talking about.
3	I came to Vegas to escape Hipsters. Not to punish this place,  I give 3 stars for me being delusional about ever escaping hipsters and not actually going inside. (long line of hipsters outside, looked crowded, multi-police presence during a hipster squabble in said long line)But as far as bars in Vegas are concerned, this seems way more tolerable that ANYTHING you would find on the strip, and clssier that anything else you would find off the strip.
1	HIPSTERS!!! meh..no thanks. I do not like this rehashed "punk" electronic stuff so automatically I am pissed about the $5 I spend to get in but say "eff it" because even in my head I keep it censored.  Drinks-overpriced.  Music- uh not so much. Guys- hipsters, creepers, or not into girls. I stayed for one drink with my friend, and we  both got ruffied. yikes. Honestly did not even step away from our drinks for one second or really even look away, skilled hipster creeps. I will NEVER go back there as I am not a fan of being unknowingly drugged.
2	There is only one bartender working. If it's busy like when I visited then you are screwed if you want a drink.
4	So there's a lot of complaints about the "hipsters" at this place and I can kind of understand that, but the thing is- your in Vegas, you should be getting your party and drink on, not worrying about some 22 year olds ironic tee shirt and black rimmed glasses. Besides if you think that kid is annoying just remember that line you saw for the Voodoo Lounge filled with douchey 21 year old frat boys and stuck up already drunk girls dressed in nothing and yet still mad at you for checking them out. When your ready for a break from the strip side madness (usually day two of a weekend trip) head over to the beauty bar, enjoy the well priced really well poured drinks, get your groove on to a really a good mix of music, and laugh at the damn tee shirts, come on you know some of them are funny!
4	The decor is cool, the couches are comfy, the booze flows freely and it won't cost you an arm and a leg; I can't help but imagine whomever said it was expensive didn't have the fitting gauge.  I did not witness any hipsters, but generally I find them much more amenable than the strip crowd-- though, it now explains the cans of PBR.  Especially considering I had spent 2 of the previous three nights at Pure and LAX, this was a welcome, welcome change.  For one: I was completely sober here, and it didn't drive me crazy, like being the DD at LAX or Pure would be.  That bodes well, right?Indoors is a little bit small, and I wish they had a better (and darker) beer than just Newcastle.  Bartenders were super nice, and there were 3 or 4 working when I was there.  I do wish they had turned on the heatlamps outdoors though-- I'm from the midwest and was still chilly!
2	I honestly don't understand how this bar became popular and why it attracts so much business. I get the original concept in LA, where you can get your nails done and listen to music, and get your drink on. The Vegas location is just a cheap reenactment of that, and has ONE manicure station that I've only seen vacant.The decor is minimal and lighting is dark, drinks are overpriced and the crowd really isn't my cup of tea. I know a lot of people REALLY like this place, so maybe I missed a meeting.If there's one perk, and it's a major one, it's their courtyard concert venue; really intimate and decently priced. I've seen some awesome shows here.
2	I used to love the Beauty Bar in LA.  I was also a hipster and that was like two years ago.  It is a really awkward bar.  It is trying so hard and for the most part it seems like the patrons are trying even harder.  It is usually really smokey.  If anyone has ever seen Super News' "Hipsters from Space" you will pick up what I'm laying down.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Beauty Bar was such a relaxing change of pace from the strip and the nightclubs over there. We went on Saturday and there was no line, no cover, great music and the booze was so cheap it was criminal and the best part is, they make them strong! I only had 3 vodka tonics and I was done. The crowd is so cool and chilled out, and even though it was hipsters aplenty (which is NOT a four-letter word) no one was taking themselves too seriously.I will definitely be checking out the Beauty Bar here is San Diego and hoping it's as cool as this one.
4	They have a cover charge only if there's something of interest, such as a band, TV taping, or good DJ. This review is based on my visit when there was no cover charge.Not much to say, it's a spacious bar with few seats, though I reckon that's for when there's a performance. Drinks come in small cups, but you get a higher ratio of liquor to compensate. Nothing exciting goes on when nothing of interest goes on. I passed by here on a night that they were doing a TV taping, and the place was nuts. The next night I went in, the place was real mellow.Just be sure you know what you're getting into when you go here. I had to drop all pre-conceived notions when I returned. Suffice to say, that was a good move.
4	its cool. a lot of different things going on on different nights. concerts/dj's/parties/etc.. checkem out
3	I've been here a bunch of times since it's next to my Vegas haunt, The Griffin. However, my first First Friday (when all the locals come out to party on the first Friday of every month) there showed the place at its best. They have an outdoor back area that was crowded the hilt, lots of drunk folks, a real house party feel. It looked like a dance circle was going to break out at any second, but alas my buddies wanted to leave before such a thing could materialize. It's also rumored that Supercr3w of America's Best Dance Crew fame hangs out here from time to time.In Summary:Come on First Friday and you should have a pretty good time.
3	I can't blame this one .. The only spot where the yuppies hang out at. I mean if you wanna escape the nasty Vegas scene, then I guess this is the place. The people are way-friendly, the music wasn't too bad, and the bartender hooked it up with free drinks. All Beauty Bars are the same though. My review would probably be similar for all locations. This one stood out though, maybe because of the endless stream of drunk prostitutes on Fremont? This bar is kind of like that hidden gem in the corner of an alley.
3	Decent atmosphere, mediocre drink prices bordering expensive or maybe it was just the really really bad service.  Much attitude by the "i'm actually too cool to be working here" bartenders. But we happened to go on the right weekend as it was some mega Rockabilly, Punk Rock festival with people from all over the country attending and playing.  We met cool peeps from PA and Canada as well as some locals.  I loved the scene just wasn't feeling the bartenders.  Was going to go back this last weekend to give it another go but arrived to late in the evening and there was a line out the door.  I am impatient and dont like to wait so we will have to leave this as it is for now.  Not sure if I liked the place or just the people I met during the festival.  TBC.  Not really ready to recommend this place as yet.
4	It's a beauty salon!  No, it's a bar!  Stop!  You're both right!  Well, half right, anyway.  The latter description didn't sound as inspiring had I'd gone that route.A former beauty salon turned bar. the Beauty Bar is a little hole in the wall spot that makes a great companion piece stop to the nearby Griffin.Some nights, they have a DJ.  Other nights, they have a live band.  There were even some nights that my friends and I danced to the music.  I was reading comments about a cover charge, but what night was this?  I was in there not too long ago, and I wasn't charged.  An event, perhaps?Drinks are alright price-wise, but better rates than what you would find on the Strip.  It's dark as everything, and there are times that the music is so loud that you have to yell at the person across the table from you.  It reminds me of the dive bars from my college days, for better or for worse.If I was charged cover one night, I'd likely feel different about my experiences here, but I haven't, so my outlook remains untarnished.  I've always been in good company of my friends, so I'm sure that sways my perception of the place, but to date, I haven't had a bad time here.That should count for something, shouldn't it?
3	I've been to the Beauty Bar several times and each time I've gone I had a real good time.  There are multiple genres of bands and artists that perform here but of course I only go on nights when there is hiphop funk or soul goin on.  Interesting decor of course.. being that it used to be a salon.  Somewhat small space but huge outdoor area with a stage.  Cool crowd, even cooler attire.  This is one of a few dope spots to check out if you're vacationing here in Vegas.  Depending on what type of music you like and what type of music theme they've got going for that night.  First Fridays are dope too.  Perfect place if you wanna get out and enjoy a nice atmosphere and good music.
2	its beauty bar, its about the same in every city with little exception.you only seem to go here because your friend is trying to hit on some hipster, your friend is the dj or there is a (somewhat) decent show you want to see in the backyard. i feel as if you almost never start out your night saying "hhhmmm, id love to go to the beauty bar tonight".... you just end up there.pre game at the griffin, then go next door.
4	Let me start off saying that if it wasn't for The Get Back on First Fridays, I would give Beauty Bar 3-stars but John Doe officially brings the party every month and it happens to be my favorite party in Vegas.+s of BB: Cheap beer. Knock-you-off-your-socks (is that even a saying?) shots. Great shows. Great music. Great DJs. Outdoor patio = one of my favorite places in Vegas. Located on Fremont East. Photobooth. -s of BB: THE BATHROOM. Rarely is there toilet paper. I've actually had girlfriends LEAVE BB to go to the bathroom somewhere else. Crowded, but only ridiculously so on First Fridays. And they happen to be the only place that I know of on Fremont St. that usually charges a cover - however, there is usually a reason behind it (see: live music). Hipsters reside here- which can be a plus or a minus depending on who you are.Regardless of the minuses, you can still find me at Beauty Bar at least once a month (again, see: The Get Back).
1	This used to be the hub of cool in Vegas. What happened?
2	I really don't get the allure of this place.  Unless you wanna listen to some local music, or drink crappy drinks and meet up with your 20 year old friends.... It's like hipster daycare.  Limited places to sit, oddly shaped dance floor, drinks in plastic keg cups.... I went here last week for the first time in over a year, and now I remember why.  If you're over 30, don't bother unless you wanna feel like a chaperone at the school dance.
3	Pros: live music, local music, djs.It's easy to make friends in the bathroom due to how wasted chicks are. The live music with that nice outdoor stage. Hipsters of all sorts makes for amusing  people watching. Cons: the crappy "it's a salon! No! Its a bar!" theme. Ugly sad plastic cups. It's really not that cool. Hipsters of all sorts also makes for the most boring people watching. Most of the time, people just hang out in the front. There's always a little crowd of kids trying to be different that all look the same, it's pretty cute.
2	Beauty Bar. Just hearing that name makes me wanna punch a baby. This place charges a cover for starters. Are you kidding me? This bar is located on Fremont Street downtown (the only part of Vegas with real character, personality, and culture). People go downtown because it's cheap, laid back, and it's full of misfits.Beauty is loud, smoky, and a tab bit overpriced on the cocktail side of life.All in all, I hate this place and I hate the pretenious hipsters inside. LAME CITY.
4	Vinyl nerds rejoice! Danny Boy, John Doe, and The Get Back crew bring soul to Las Vegas every first Friday. I'm still new here, but this was the best selection of funk, R&B, and soul music I've heard since rolling into town.
2	I was a really big fan when the place opened, but as it grew it became a "scene", which is sort of contrary to the vibe that I used to enjoy about the place. With the Griffen next door, I hope they do some retooling or else I don't see much of a future for it.
3	On First Fridays, this Hipster Haven plays the best Hip Hop in town.  No, not apple bottom jeans, black and yellow radio stuff.  I'm talking MAdlib, MF Doom, Lucini, Old School Nas gold!It gets packed, so be warned.  Even with the awkward beauty salon theme and the crowd, its still worth coming here and enjoying truly good music (on first friday at least)Compared to the LA location of Beauty Bar, this spot is great.  Much less douchy and much better music.
3	Cheap drinks but they charge a cover even for locals. It can be hit or miss. They do get some great bands.
4	I wish this place was closer to the strip.  I have to be honest, the first time I drove down there, it was kind of scary because that area is pretty run down.  Don't judge...it was just me and another girl.  lol  Still, I like the scene at Beauty Bar.  Sometimes it's packed and other nights it's not.  For me, it's one of the last places in Vegas where you can meet  "real" people.  (At least that's what I've experienced)  When I was still living in Vegas, I visited at least once a month.  I recently found out there is a Beauty Bar in NYC and Brooklyn, so I will check them both out very soon.
4	I'm always eager to check out their next DJ headlining or otherwise during First Fridays. Huddled up to the Griffin and across from the Vanguard Lounge, they hold a variety of themed nights and shows. Step in and there's a bar along with several booths as well as a small stage/dance floor near the DJ booth. But head to the back cause that's where its at.I cannot really comment on some of the reviewers complaints/observations of the sea of studded white belts, dbags and faux hawks everyone seems to be hawking about as I've only really been to the First Friday after parties. In my opinion its always been a dope, diverse, beautiful, laid back crowd. Second, if you can't pay a few bucks for a measly cover then head down the street or head home.
4	Loved this place. Really cool design. It's set up like a 60's salon behind the bar. The bar has frosted glass cutouts of pinups which I thought was cool. Dollar beers were even cooler. There was a DJ playing mostly 80's synth pop, ranging from cheesy top 40, to funk, and early new wave. Really good stuff that later diverged into some post punk. A nice place. Definately a younger hip crowd here, but if that's going to ruin your time you suck at life. Shit....I'm older than you. Get bent. Who hates hipsters more than anyone? Other hipsters. See how I did that?
1	Yeah sorry guys this place is not cool enough to charge a cover even on weekends. I only went in cause a friend insisted it was the place to be, not the case. Expensive watery drinks and so smokey you could hardly breath. Stayed for two drinks then went next store to the piano bar and had a blast there. I guess some people like these little divey arts/trash/hipster scene but just not my thing.
5	A Beautiful bar downtown that puts on great events!!
2	Man I really wanted the Anthony Bourdain experience with a pedi and a cocktail but apparently it seems like they don't do that anymore. They don't even have cocktails according to the bartender you just need to tell him what to mix I guess. The prices are pretty bad too for the drinks since I think the bartender just made up the prices on a slow Sunday night. A 12 oz can of Modelo and a Amaretto sour which was almost all sour for $10 hmmm..too bad well there are a lot of bars in Vegas and for some reason I just can't find a good one downtown.
5	Had a great time. There was no cover on the Friday night I went.  The old-school hip hop was nostalgic and awesome. The crowd was dancing and not taking themselves too seriously.  I love that.  I was a big fan of the open-air portion in the back. They had a food-truck parked out back that hit the spot at 2am.
2	MEHTotally not my scene, but I was here celebrating my friend's birthday with a Pub Crawl. We happened upon Beauty Bar for a quick drink and wow, was this place empty! It was a Saturday at 11pm, where were all the people? Probably some place better. We ordered a drink while we waited for the rest of the party to join us, so we could head some place more lively. The bartender made me the most horrendous Vodka Tonic I've ever had. I was drunk after one. I might as well have asked for a shot of vodka.  My fella had the same problem and we chugged our drink and got out of there. I know a lot of food trucks have residencies here during the week, so it might be more lively and fun then. But sigh, this place was so empty and sad.I've been to Beauty Bar before, but after three tries, I can say this place is just not my cup of tea.
3	Imagine a SLIGHTLY higher end hispter scene full of live bands and DJ's (indie music and electronic galore), lack of beer selection and more expensive drinks than it's surrounding bars. Hmmm...well I suppose that would be the best way to describe Beauty Bar in Las Vegas....Considering these elements, I honestly can't consider this as the ideal place to be at when you're in downtown LV.Beauty Bar in LV is similar to that in LA, with the exception that BB in LA is surrounded by similar bars with similar atmospheres and prices + there is more places to sit in BB in LA. Soooo...I'm wondering, wtf BB LV? Why don't you just f*ckin conform to your neighbor's [Griffin Lounge] standards? Too cool and uppity? Bleh. I think not. Cool thing about this place is that there is an outdoor area. It's nothing fancy though; think backyard house party appearance. Another cool thing is the multiple rooms where multiple DJ's/music can be played. HOWEVER, I feel there is audio distortion because sometimes they will play indie in one room and then electronic in another. Though I do enjoy both genres, the two clashing, highly contrasting genre's can be a bit too overwhelming for my taste. Though there are some cool things about BB, I kind of feel this place attempts to be booshie but just fails at it. The floor is sticky, the cover you pay is annoying considering this place falls short of its "glam." I don't mind the atmosphere, people and it's sad attempt to be booshie, I can't say I'm really diggin' BB in LV. I wouldn't mind coming here again but I would definitely choose other places in DT LV over BB. Conclusion: not bad, not good. Definitely OK and tolerable with the exception that I sometimes leave here with my ears resonating from how loud the music is played here, which can sometimes be difficult to tolerate.
4	By far my favorite bar downtown. They've got a great outdoor space for concerts complete with a bar, and the inside is pretty neat as well. I saw the Undertones here and it was fantastic.The only thing though is why pay for drinks when you can get them free at the casinos?
4	I often frequent and enjoy Chicago's Beauty Bar and so I decided to check out the Vegas version on the evening of the fourth of July. There is not much to visually link the two establishments, beyond the presence of hair-dryer seats and the familiar cameo cutouts of ladies' heads on the walls. The Vegas version felt a bit grittier, far less self-consciously glam. But this was to its credit; Beauty Bar provided a hugely relieving escape from the over-stimulation I experienced in most other venues. When you step out of its doors, you can see people zip-lining through the sky over downtown. So it's nice to have found a place nearby that wasn't grasping for a gimmick. There seemed to be a predominantly local crowd, rife with hipsters. They were offering free fourth-of-July BBQ out of a food truck adjacent to the back patio, karaoke, and $1 Modelos. Glancing at the posters revealed that many intriguing independent musical acts come through this venue, if a Celine Dion show is not your jam.
3	This is a great place to come see both local and up and coming bands. I like that they always have different events held here such as Nickle Beer Nights, Karaoke Mondays, and Beer Garden+Food Truck Nights. Frist Friday's are always a blast!!! They open the back and play videos or movies on the wall. It's kinda dingy looking and a face lift wouldn't hurt but overall this is a pretty cool spot to be at.
3	The Kill Rock Stars record label once described the original Heavens to Betsy album like a diamond: "hard and sharp and beautiful." In very much the same way, the dimly-lit Beauty Bar makes for an appetizing hipster scene, chock-full of beautiful, poorly-dressed girls, and really ugly cool alterna guys. Cheap drinks are served in plastic cups or aluminum cans. The live music can be fantastic and the ladies' room cleaner than you expected. One drawback - they sometimes charge cover for a shitty DJ.
2	I can't say I'm a fan of this place.  The beers are piss warm.  The place is disgustingly dirty EVERYWHERE.  The soundsystem is terrible and there's plenty of obnoxious attitudes to go around.  They need to overhaul it and bring it up to par with some of the Beauty Bars in other cities.There's cool bands DJs that play here now and again but it's one of the worst possible environments to experience ANYTHING in.
3	Although I've never been here to experience the salon during the day time, I use to come to the Beauty Bar every first Friday of the month.  But that was maybe 2 or more years ago.  I'm sad to say that this would only be a good place to go to if your were going to go out with friends who like being around places where a majority of the crowds are just standing around.  Back in the day...everyone use to dance. I guess the scene has just changed a lot since then. Other than that, you still have the same great music playing in they back outdoor area.  They recently set up a cool trailer/bar area.  You are still able to hear the screams of James Brown pounding from this back area and also find some professional break dancers drawing in crowds from time to time.  But this is just a review on The Getback.  During this event, they also have a mix of electro and indie music playing in the main room. The place is set up with salon chairs set along the walls & there is also a photo booth, but last time I tried to take pictures I just got my money stolen :(Beauty Bar also offers many different events and showcases a lot of bands here.3.5 stars.
2	This is not one of my usual Downtown haunts, but I've been here enough times to warrant an honest, unbiased review. Or I'll at least try.I've been to the Beauty Bar a few different times and each time it's been a different experience. Some visits have been fun while others are have been less than pleasant. I'm trying to turn over a new leaf and look at the upside of things, so let's start off with the positive things that Beauty Bar has going for it. First of all, this place is a hipster paradise, take that for what it's worth. The floors are dirty, the decor is dingy and I don't recommend drinking out of a glass. Sure, this may sound like I'm already bashing the place, but if you know this before you head in, then you can really enjoy yourself. You see, there's really no stigma when you come here, you don't have to dress a certain way or act a certain way, you can just kind of chill out and listen to music while drinking cheap drinks. If you're into local music, this is the place to see it. I've seen my favorite local band, A Crowd of Small Adventures here a few times and the outside stage is a perfect fit. I tell my friends that this is the venue that Vegas has always needed as this outside area has the feeling of a "real city." I can't really explain this feeling other than it being sincere. It's worth a visit on a night of live music just to experience it. There, that was positive enough, right? Now the nitty gritty.Every time I've come here, I've had to pay a cover. Really Beauty Bar, you're going to charge me $10 to get into a dive bar? That seems a little bit ridiculous, but sure I'll pony up some dough to enter your establishment when I could just as easily go next door to The Griffin or Insert Coin(s) for free and enjoy no cover charge and probably have much more fun. Ladies, you probably don't have to pay a cover but if you're a member of the male persuasion, be prepared to dig into your wallet. I digress.Once you're into the bar, you'll notice a lot of cut off jean shorts, tank tops, fedoras and other miscellaneous hipster garb. You might get a few glances if you're not dressed accordingly so take that for what it's worth because hipsters like to think they're being unique in their dress, but this place definitely proves otherwise. Again, I digress. Once you finally get through the sea of thick framed glasses and get your beer, you can maybe have a good time depending on how much you consume. So that's it, I know this could have been a little nicer but like I said in the beginning, I was trying to be honest. Visit for the unique atmosphere and then head out to Insert Coin(s) or The Griffin or something.
2	Meh. This section of town is certainly turning into a hipster paradise - it's where many of the good non-casino bars are. I like The Griffon for its bar-ness and Insert Coins for its arcadeness. Beauty Bar didn't seem to have anything worthwhile for me. I get the impression that maybe it's more of a music venue and there was no music when we were there, so maybe that's the issue.
2	but it was nickel beer night. just a laid back place to chill downtown and then you can head across the street to play video games ;]
4	This spot is a hit or miss on most nights (especially since Incert Coin open). Somedays you gotta pay, which can be a drag. But I recommended that you go on First Fridays. This place does have a unique atire that is Awesome. The drinks can be a bit strong at times but what do you expect from a trendy downtown local bar. Live bands and djs usually give out good vibes. Still pretty cool spot.GO AND DRINK!!!!!
5	This is a must see bar in Las Vegas, stop in on the First Friday of each month and be apart of the Get Back. A D.J. spins old school tunes while people have break dance contests and hang out. It has great service, fun times, and a wide variety of people come here. You can see it all here!Tuesday is nickle beer night...can't beat that!
5	They host Delivering Happiness Inspire! and that is enough to get 5 stars from me.  It was a fun event where people talk about what makes them happy or inspires them.  I was really inspired by my fellow speakers and hope to attend many more events here!
4	First off, I have only ever been here on First Friday and it is always packed.  So if you don't like crowds, visit one of the other 30 days a month.  Also if you don't like dive bars, this place isn't for you. If you do, you will love it.The place is decorated like an old beauty salon.  They get an A for originality. Also alcohol is cheap.  They have a $5 beer and shot deal that you can't beat.  Every time I have been in they have a great DJ playing old school hip hop.  It has a hipster feel to it and is a nice alternative to all the cookie cutter PT's/BWW type of bars in Vegas.  They have different deals every night of the week but since I've only been on first Fridays, unfortunately I can't elaborate much.  I will definitely be back again soon, hopefully on a different night of the week.  With the Griffin next door (another great dive bar) and Insert Coins across the street, you can definitely make an outing of visiting this downtown location.
2	Gross is the first word that comes to mind.  The ladies room was covered in piss and toilet tissue. If that's not indication enough of how classy that place is maybe the soft porn or rude crowd that will push u to get a mini beer for a nickle would be. Really weird vibe there too. I'll pass and go next door and pay the 4 extra dollars for a full sized beer that I don't have to wait in line for.
3	The place really needs a makeover if it wants to keep selling itself as the Beauty Bar. The interior is disappointing and depressing. I was hoping for some John Waters campiness a la Hairspray. Drinks are cheap and music choice can range from late 90's ska to today's house music. It's opens to a large back/alley area where live music is performed which is cool in my book. However, they should totally spruce it up to make it more inviting. But I guess the grunge and distress look is in vogue. Skinny jeans or no skinny jeans, I would come here once in a while. But there's no way would I pay cover unless something special is going on.
3	Sometimes I like this, sometimes I hate it. So really, its a 2.5 out of 5 in my book. The good things about it, the bands in the back are always fun during the summer. PBR is like $2, which is a great deal on my favorite beer. Bad things, the bathroom's are a mess. Instead of doors in the women's restroom, they have shower curtains. I mean come on now, every time you open the door, the wind breaks open the shower curtains. This place is also full of a bunch of jerk head hipsters, but that's to be expected.
4	I love coming to this place, because it's like a social blender. You take someone from different walks of life and cram it into one awesome party, that is what I think the Beauty Bar is about. They always have something different cookin' up everyy weekend.  Punk, Rockabilly, Electronica, etc etc you just need to keep an eye on their website, for their monthly calendar shows. Keep that in mind you freaking Hipsters!!!  Lol!!
4	I like this place because of the cheap beer. If you only had to pay $2 for a PBR in a popular bar for a regular day, thats a pretty badassed deal. Regardless of whether or not it's Nickle Fucking Beer Night. You are still getting a really good deal. The Insert Coins across Fremont Street would have charged you $8 for a single Corona. I am not 100% sure about the people that actually go here. They look like they are a lot of trouble and drama, so I just don't like to talk to them. If you are past 30, and still wear infected piercings and like to start shit and act like a "big man", there is something WRONG with you SIR!Bartenders are pretty nice. At first, I didn't understand the concept of Nickle Fucking Beer Night, but this is how it works... 1) You pay your $5 cover 2) Throw in a DOLLAR to the tap person at the back 3) You can ask between 1 to 20 cups of beer and set it on a table somewhere. No, you DON'T actually bring nickels to buy cups of beer. You just get a chance to buy a shit-ton of beer in bulk for you and your peers. That cover and that single buck you spent already covered all the beer you need for the entire night.
3	Another stop on my Yelp pub crawl and Beauty Bar was a stop of course...no cover!  So in we went.  $1 PBR and MGD!  One dollar?  I saw from previous reviews that their usual $2 happy hour was pretty damn good but one dollar is outragously cheap!  And who doesn't like PBR?We stuck around for 15-20 mins while the DJ was playing a megamix of 90's hip-hop like Warren G, Onyx, and ODB.  My friend Melvin was geeking out big time to this too.  I did see the chairs against the wall hence the name of the place!  Wish we could've stayed longer but the crawl must be kept going!  Thanks for the cheap beer and groovy tunes!
4	Is it hot pink and sparkly?  Take me there!  Beauty Bar was stop #(I HAVE NO IDEA) on our recent downtown bar crawl as part of the Spring Break Las Vegas Yelp events.  Oddly, we had to wait a little bit as they weren't open yet.  What the?!  I thought everything in Vegas was all party, all the time, 24/7.  Bouncer: super nice.  Happy to have our boisterous group. Bartenders: super nice, not phased at all by our cheapskate shenanigans (made even easier by our sweet Yelp deal in the Spring Break passport).  Tunes: bumpin'.  Row of 1950s salon hair dryers: not only cozy, but provided excellent backdrops for inappropriate photos.  Drinks were ai'ght, music was fun, pretty relaxed.  It's about like the other Beauty Bars I have been to, if not just a teensy bit more... downtown.  And I mean that in the nicest possible way.
4	Of course, knowing Beauty Bar, trendy. VERY trendy. The bouncer and bartenders are super sweet. I want to say dudes name is Adam? Feel terrible, he remembers me but I never can remember his name. Very attentive. Never leaves me with an empty drink. MUSIC! OH THE MUSIC! I was lucky enough to see Deer Tick out in the back. Hands down, balls to the wall, best show I've seen in Vegas. Outdoors and relatively intimate. Couldn't have been more pleased. Stayed till 4am and only left with a $40 tab? SO REASONABLE. Granted, I was drinking well. But still. Cheap. Loved it. It is a trendy hipster bar though. No complaints. Just be aware if planning to take out any judgmental or conservative friends. But really, if you have friends like that, what in gods name are you doing in Vegas? So. Cheap. Young crowd. LOUD MUSIC (live music!). Awesome people behind the bar and at the door. I'll keep going back.
3	I used to go to Beauty Bar 6 years ago and before they used to have live gigs all the time. Now its change but thats okay the place is still rocking if you love house music! There only one bar so it can be a wait for a drink, dance floor decent depending on what day of the week you go. Bouncer are real nice and with the right group of people you can really have a good time here.
5	A really good time.
5	The Beauty Bar is the best.  We were looking for a place to hold a cocktail party after my son's wedding.  The Beauty Bar came to the rescue.  Kevin closed the bar to hold our party and had a dj, all at a very reasonable price.  The drinks were great and Kevin and his staff could not have been kinder.  If I were a local, I would definately make this my corner bar.
4	Cheap drinks! Im familiar with the one in NYC so I was super pumped to go to this one in Vegas. It was a late Friday night,  but there really we're not that many people there at all. The interior is beautiful and glittery. The bartenders were great. There was an outside section in back where someone was painting, an art show I believe.The whole energy of the Beauty Bar is different in Vegas. I can't put my finger on it, I just wasn't wowed... I didn't dislike it but I didn't Love it either.    Maybe it was bad timing?
5	The Killers have hung out here a lot over the years. Their good friend / past tour manager Ryan, known fondly as "The Captain" for fan club members in '06-'07, used to work here. If you want to spot a TK band member schmoozing late at night, or at least someone who knows them, this place might just be a good bet. Bassist Mark Stoermer said about this place in '05: "It's giving us a little hope, now that there's a local club to go to that doesn't only play techno club music." More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	Danced my ass off to the likes of Bloc Party, Ladytron and the B-52's this past Saturday night. Thanks to the DJ for somehow looking through my itunes earlier and making the perfect playlist. Ha.A quick rundown for those interested:Trailer park status in the back.1950's beauty salon decor inside.Music EVERYWHERE. Bands play on a raised stage in the backyard while hipsters of the DJ variety spin tunes inside.Drinks, decent in price but great on flavor (wink, wink).Bathrooms...come on, it's a dive bar.Clientele: young, hip vinyl collectors with handlebar mustaches and Hawaiian print shirts.I've had a great experience every time I've been here. You will too. Cheers to you, Beauty Bar L.V.
5	every tuesday is nickel beer night.... NO CATCH ... awesom tunes, nice little outdoor area.. inside the bar area is a cage for dancers and intresting video clips projected on the walls... i definatly enjoy here...5$ cover not so bad either.
3	Beauty Bar is really one of the first spots that emerged downtown.  I have been there more times than I can count and it's decent.  They have some cool bands that play in the back from time to time.  Tuesday-Nickel F**king Beer Night: It's $5 for entry and they have kegs of bud light beer in the back for a Nickel a glass.  They don't have change to in reality it's $1 a beer with a nice tip to the bartender. Beware they have soft porn projected on the building walls.  The crowd is usually on the younger tide, early 20's with most of them with skater style.  There is no dress code so everyone is welcome.  I like the decor with a salon style theme, made famous by sex in the city.
2	Sigh. I guess it's inevitable. I have to write a Beauty Bar review.  Welp...here goes.I'd just like to start out by saying I really have to give the BB kudos - they and the Griffin really stuck out their necks (and pocketbooks) to forge ahead solo on Fremont East before it became established as the hipster haven it is becoming / has become. For that alone, they earn my respect. A friend and I stopped in early one evening when they first opened - I remember a well stocked bar and foxy tattooed bartenders that were really nice to boot!Since then I've seen some terrific bands there over the years both inside and outside on the back patio, such as Nashville Pussy (outside in freezing temps), Andre Williams, various punk rock bowling shows, and the amazing Bellrays performed to an audience of five one night stuffed into the space in one of the front window bays. That said, I seem to enjoy this place less and less each and every time I come.First off - it's TOO FREAKIN' LOUD inside. Whether there's a band playing or a DJ spinning records the sound level in this place borders on painful. There is such a thing as a comfortable music level - even for loud rock and roll in a divey bar. I know, I know...if it's too loud, you're too old - well, maybe I am.Secondly - BEER IN A CAN (blaaargh). The Beauty Bar used to serve bottled beer (that you would pour into a plastic cup to go out on the patio). I understand the safety concerns and the reasons behind the plastic party cup, but seriously?  Can you not have ONE decent light beer bottled or on tap? Nothing bums me out more than beer in a can. For real. I really want to love the BB - and I didn't mind it there for a while - but it seems to get more low budget and lackluster each and every time I go.  This last time we went my friend asked for scotch - and they stared at her quizzically before telling her they don't have scotch. At a bar. Kind of sad, when they have so much possibility to be a stellar venue.
3	This place is a genuine dive (which some people are into). I seldom drink alcohol, but when I do it certainly is not at Beauty Bar, so my review will focus on the concert venue aspect of the establishment. Last show: Imagine Dragons/Nico Vega/A Crowd of Small Adventures!/Dusty SunshineIt is really small. It is really cramped. And it is either really fucking hot (outside) or amazingly frigid, depending on the time of year and how late the last artist goes on. Neon Reverbs take place in part here and for some reason or another the scheduling is consistently inconsistent (like to the point of three-four hours behind settimes); that's not really Beauty Bar's fault at all but NRs being held here led to some preposterously cramped sets and restrooms that resembled ones one would find only in 'undeveloped country' dives. The sound depends on the techs they have working, but the stage was noticeably so poorly constructed the first time I came here for a show (The Hold Steady) that Franz Nicolay looked like he was going to fall through the stage due to his characteristic enthusiasm. I chalked it up to being a temporary set-up, but then subsequent gigs I attended were being held on the same stage and then understood that it was the actual permanent stage. Not really an issue unless you are performing, I suppose, or up against it when it finally collapses. Wear sturdy boots if you intend on standing near the outdoor stage. In the past I had been here to hear Imagine Dragons several times (Beauty Bar were one of the only downtown venues to give ID a place to perform when they lived here), and for various Neon Reverb nights; the one (or two?) year anniversary show which headlined The Hold Steady performing for free included complimentary food but it was outside and there was a distinct stench of urine coming from alleyway behind the fence that serves as the property marker for Beauty Bar. Needless to say I did not partake in any of the feasting, although it pained me greatly because I was hungry and am geniunely a cheap ass that will eat anything that's put out if it is free.  - E
3	So in terms of a bar, Beauty is pretty average. They have a standard assortment of liq and beer but really nothing special. They have a couple beers on tap, and the standard drinks, and they are all over priced. Expect to play around 10 bucks for a beer/cocktail.Part of the artsy downtown scene, Beauty Bar attracts the traditional people you would expect in East Fremont.. hipsters. This place is loaded with them, especially on First Fridays. Skinny jeans and thick glasses everywhere. Its not a bad thing, but just remember thats the clientele this place caters too.My only complaint about this place is that its tiny. Its real small. Its categorized as a dance club but I have no idea how they could free up some space for a dance floor, in fact I have never seen it.The cool thing about the place is that it does offer a venue for some genuine artists. Everything from spoken word performances, bands, art exhibitions you name it, can be featured here. They def get props for supporting the local art scene. On top of that, they been known to attract some substantial talent like Bloc Party, Ladytron and the B-52's, not bad. The place itself has a cool look: 1950's beauty salon, think Edward Scissorhands. But really, if your not here for specific event, I can't imagine wanting to stay here for more than a quick (albeit expensive) drink.
3	Pretty divey compared to the BB's in SF or PDX.  But I think this one is more geared to the UNLV crowd with it's $2 Happy Hour  with drinks like PBR.  The first time I went there, Flavor Flav, a LV resident, was tearing it up there, and it was a mad house.  It was crazy packed.  It's never been that full, or that interesting, since.  With the other better bars around, like the Griffin and Insert Coin, I'd put it lower of the list of stops, unless you need a really cheap drink stat.
4	Radical dive bar. I get drunk here sometimes.
5	Fun time, great jams
2	Small dive bar on Fremont.  Just as the rating suggests, I've experienced better...on that street alone.  There are roughly 5 bars on that block, and each one is better than this place.  It just doesn't have anything memorable about it.  Every bar on this block has a theme, something that makes you want to go back for more.  This place has nothing to offer except alcohol, which in Vegas, you can find any where.
4	Music. Drinks. In a beauty salon! Whoever figured out how to market a bar to the ladies in what used to be a skeezy part of town is a genius. And by keeping the bar dim enough so the boys don't feel lame in a bar that is pink enough to make Rizzo squeal? Well somebody wants us to know they have a high IQ. I love that I can enjoy a cocktail while sitting in one of the joint's perm chairs - it makes me feel like a classy lady even though sometimes I end up leaving definitely not as classy as I when I arrived.I last came here a few days ago for Neon Reverb when my girlfriend's band - the Rusty Maples (a shameless marketing plug, I know) was playing outside, my preferred stage for bands playing at the Beauty Bar, just because I love the outdoor feel and it's just right for listening, mingling, drinking, dancing, and I'm sure many more verbs you can add "-ing" to. The only downside is that Visa is everywhere you want to be except at this bar, because it be cash only :(
3	I heard that Beauty Bar was recently sold.  I am optimistic about its future.  I have never been a fan of that layout of Beauty Bar or its drink selection.  (2 Stars)  I am a huge fan of many of the artists that perform at Beauty Bar (4 Stars) however...so 3 Stars seemed fitting.I am hoping that the new ownership gives BB a complete makeover, but also that they keep it as a music venue *crosses fingers*...anyway only time will tell what the future holds.  For now you should go to Beauty Bar if want to see a specific act...not because it's a great venue.
3	Fun spot ,needs more space and or smoke eaters inside. Love first Fridays there.
3	I've been to this venue twice with Trevor and The Joneses. Most recently it was for a Life Is Beautiful live music showcase. We performed on a stage in the back lot of the place on a very hot night. There's nothing much special about the bar or the decor. Sure, they've got some vintage beauty parlor seats and displays towards the front of the interior, but little to know effort has been put into this place establishing its identity. Friendly crowds, however and a variety of live and DJ'ed music keep Beauty Bar an alright place for bar-hopping in this part of town.
3	Hmmmm.  Not sure where to go with this one....On the one hand I've been to Beauty Bar a dozen or so times to catch local bands, usually with no cover charge.  They also get some more well-known indie acts such as Shiny Toy Guns or STRFKR on occasion.  There is always some kind of music event happening here which makes me happy. The outside stage is a pretty cool area to hang out at and see a band.  The bartenders are friendly.  The crowd is usually cool.  It's a dive - which I love.On the other hand, there are rules about paying with cards (sometimes if you spend $10, sometimes cash only).  The beer choices are sad with no tap to be had.  Drinks are pricey for a dive.  Karaoke here is atrocious.  The outside stage can be overcome by the smells of the dumpsters in the alley.  If you catch a band inside, be prepared for your ears to hurt the rest of the night (it's loud, and I'm used to this sort of thing). Honestly, if it weren't for the music, I couldn't see myself making a special trip to visit Beauty Bar.  Perhaps I would stop by as I was hopping around the bars on Fremont East, but then I'd move on to the next one.  They need to clean up a bit and improve their beverage selection in order for it to be a destination and not a stop-over.Four stars for all the music-love.  Two stars for the bar.Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review: Not five-star amenities, but usually clean and stocked with toilet paper.  Don't be afraid.  Sometimes there's even an attendant! (...why?)
3	The theme feels a little lost on me, considering I thought it was kinda dirty inside. But the weird thing is, once you make your way past the grimy floor, the small dance floor with three people dancing and a creepy back hallway, there's a really cool outdoor patio (we'll call it a patio, but it's more like an open space). This is where house music is playing, they're serving beer out of an old motorhome and the hipsters are hovered together clutching their PBR. There was also a video screen projecting weird images that I thought would be cool if they played old movies or something (they may, not sure). This is where I'd want to hang out for a chill, warm night out. Just for people watching alone! There was some preppy white dude doing some weird form of breakdancing in a v-neck argyle sweater. What is this alternate universe? Who knows, but it was intriguing!
1	The music in the back is good. That is the only plus of this place though. The drinks are meh. Also the biggest let down is my fault at the beginning but their terrible service in the end. I forgot my card one night and when coming back the next day they had closed the tab and gave my card back with no receipt or record of how much they charged. I did not sign or anything. Now I have to go back through the statement and see exactly what they charged me for and for how much. Huge let down and will not go back.
2	I had heard about Beauty Bar quite a few times and when my 21st birthday came around I planned to hit up the bars on Fremont, Beauty Bar being one of them. After going to insert coins I was reasonably buzzed and in a good mood. So, we walked across the street at around one am. We literally did not spend more than five minutes in Beauty Bar. First of all, it was nickel beer night and they were out of nickel beers. So, my friend bought us a couple of beers in a can which were way overpriced. It was dirty, the music was lackluster, and it was extremely small and crowded. Overall, I could tell I did not have anything in common with the people there. To be honest, Beauty Bar reminded me of a rave except instead of everyone being on ecstasy they were drunk which means instead of being loving they're just very rowdy. I've gone to plenty of raves, but I got over that scene when I was 17. I'd rather bump EDM in my car than go to BB. If you like what I'm describing I'd recommend you go to Fort Cheyenne for their Saturday raves because at least there is more space there.
4	Apparently there are 7 Beauty Bars??This is their Vegas bar, located just off the old strip. Just dark and sketchy enough to fit comfortably in this neighborhood. I thought my eyes were deceiving me upon walking up. Like a taste of home here in V-town.It was Duran Duran night so we decided to stay for a bit.Drinks ensued. NOTE: They dont do nails at this bar. My wife would have been disappointed,
4	1st Friday of the month is what it really comes down to. The music is what it's all about. "The Get Back" funk/soul dance party is held the 1st Friday and it is something that should not be missed. This is totally our style and it's great to know that we can come to LV and enjoy a dive with good music and not have to worry about douche/ettes and over priced drinks. Is it a little funky? Yeah. Is it a little sketchy? Yeah. Is it totally worth it? Hell Yeah! Check it out.
3	Its a cool scene, but if I wanted to drink beer out of a can I would have stayed home in my underwear. I came out for the karaoke, so I will play along. Karate karaoke makes the high priced canned beer worth it. As far as the karaoke goes... it was great. Karate karaoke has a the best music selection and a great following. TJ hosted tonight, and he takes care of the dojo. Sound system rocked!!! I will be here every week karate karaoke is here.
5	I like beauty bar because....1. There is glitter EVERYWHERE.  I love glitter.2. It's pink...duh...I love pink.3. It's the type of bar that is just unique...it's a smaller venue but it's kinda cool sitting in those retro hair salon chairs with the weird hair dryers.  5. The back of beauty bar is great too...they just painted some cool/edgy murals that really set an awesome tone!6. DTLV is making a come back, and this bar fits right in...check it out!
3	I went with a group of friends to Fremont and was largely disappointed with the street. I ended up going to Beauty Bar since the music seemed good and there wasn't a line. The place is cool if you are a local area early 20s type, otherwise you are really out of place. The drinks are served in a costco-type disposable cup, which is cool, but which also speaks loudly on the type of drinks that you are served. I couldn't detect any sort of alcohol in my beverages. There is also limited seating. There is a stage in the back and the music was cool, mostly funk from the 70s. There was also an older man on stage dancing very well to the music, which was also cool. If you are young this may be your place,. If you are anything over 25 then you should probably find another place.
4	The guys outside the door were great. Music was great but there was dead air...twice. Every time I'd go up to the bar, I'd get a free drink - and I'm still not sure who's been paying for my drinks that night. Free hug if I ever find out who it is.There's enough seats and tables. The interior would remind you of a an old beauty salon with the hairdryers and mirrors. There's an ATM to the left of the door when you walk in. Lots of hipsters here.The bartender was awesome and friendly. All I had to say was "I want something fruity" and that's what he'd give me. I didn't even bother finding out what my drinks were called or what was in my drink - they were all deliciously fruity.We were busy drinking, dancing and having a good time. We were only here for an hour before some of us had to babysit. Buzzkill!
3	I used to love this place, but now its a bit divey.  But some people would love that about it, small DJ booth, and a little hip hoppy, but if you are into that, its probably a 5 star to you.  I dont get it any more.   This one and the other bar across the street have a hard time on this street, Vanguard and this one are the least of the offerings on the street.  Average to below average at best to me....Im spoiled though....3 star divey!
2	The bartender whose working tonight has the worst customer service. I sat at the end of the bar which was empty. He looked at me several times and completely ignored me. While he stood around doing absolutely nothing. I waited about 15 minutes before I finally moved to the middle of the bar where he then finally decided to give me my damn shot.
3	Came out to Beauty Bar this past Saturday night for some Karate Karaoke.I'd only been to BB once before, about 5 years ago...and I got sick before I even had a drink, so I was anxious to see what this place was like.The bar itself is adorable.  There are seats along the wall that are old blow-dryer chairs from a salon.  Such a cute concept!  Chris, the bartender, was awesome.  He was very nice, and poured a heavy rum and coke!The drink specials that night were $4 rum shots (or rum and coke, etc), and $6 for a beer (domestic) and a shot.  Karate Karaoke was awesome!  Singing on that stage was so fun...I felt like a rock star...and for someone who sings karaoke all the time, its rare that I say that...most places are just "oh, I sounded ok."...nope, the acoustics in this bar were GREAT.  I'd love to go back and sing karaoke or check out some of the live bands too!  It was a really fun night.
3	This place is a good hang out spot. They have a little stage that people perform at with old school hair drying seats on one side. The entertainment they have is usually pretty good. My personal favorite is nickel beer nights that they have in the back where you pay a cover that's usually like $5 and as long as you like beer, nickel beers all night. I've been here many times and only had one bad experience where I didn't really have the money to leave a tip and the bar tender made a point to tap me on the shoulder while I was in conversation with friends to call me a cheap bastard. Now whenever I go in if I see her there I either leave, don't buy drinks there, or ask for the other bartender if there is on.
3	One of the original bars in the East Fremont District, it's a good go-to for a PBR to just chill & chew the fat w/ your buds. Nickel Tuesday is still on like Donkey Kong but now carries a $5 cover...boo
3	I like this funky little bar on Freemont Street. Fun crowd, excellent outdoor space, and PBR abounds wherever you turn. The band was breaking down when we arrived on the later side, but from what I hear, Beauty Bar is a great spot to catch some decent indie bands. I see how the crowd could get pretentious at times (ah, the curse of the hipster), but when I was here, it was fun fun fun all the way. Love the decor! The cocktails could use some work though...stick to beer while you're here.
5	I'm a fan.  Staff is friendly and inviting.  I've been in since it's been under new ownership and have still had the same great experiences.  Cheap drinks, good variance of events throughout the week, can't complain!
3	this is a cool little laid back  bar. they do a lot of concerts and drink specials. it is set up like a old beauty salon they even have the old hair dryer seats they you can sit in lol the staff is friendly and they do themed nights !
2	This place back in 2005 was the spot that started it all downtown. Now the last couple years it's been a joke. Drinks suck the crowd is pretty bad too.
4	This place is pretty cool for a dive, love that you have options for DJ inside and live band outside, nickel beer is awesomely crazy they could do .50 beers and it would still be a hit.  I like the bartenders here will definitely have to come back
1	this place is boring.i was kind of excited to go here because there's a beauty bar (or two, now, ugh) in new york and i thought it'd make me feel like home, even though no one in NYC frequents these establishments either. for better or worse, it didn't feel like home at all.the bartenders were kind of rude, which is surprising because there was basically no one in the fucking place. it took me 5 minutes to order a drink. i stood there and tried to flag someone down with cash in my hands, as if to say, "HEY! LOOKIT ME! TAKE MY MONEY!" no one cared.the idea is cute - just like all the chains of beauty bars in whatever other city you might go to. but they don't offer any of the services the others do. (manicures and martinis! hello?? this is where the whole BEAUTY *PLUS* BAR part comes into play. i think you missed the fucking memo.)also, there's a cover to this shithole?? why? people really want to PAY to be in here? the answer is a resounding and clear NO, definitely NOT, due to the lack of bodies in there. and the bodies that were in there definitely had no sense of hygiene, which i found amusing considering the place is called 'BEAUTY bar' -- with salon-esque decor that would allude to proper self-care and a degree of personal vanity. seems kind of stupid when places like the griffin, next door, exist, and are actually pretty damn cool! unique and classy vibe with way more attractive folk. head there instead.downtown vegas has so much more to offer than this place.
2	Ok so I finally stopped by to check it out as I have many friends in las vegas that seem to go to the beauty bar often. I had heard in advance that they have a stage for performers and music acts. I knew they had a bar inside obviously considering there is "Bar" in the name. lolAnyhow, stopped by on a Sunday night to join pals to support a mutual friend of ours who host a monthly dub step dj night. It is called Church, hosted by the Awesome Johnny McNasty.This joint is VERY small with a bar and a tiny stage area for equipment and performers. In my opinion it is just a small meeting space with a hairdresser theme. You can dance however you will be rubbing shoulders and hips with people.It is dark,dingy and just does not have a clean or sanitary feel to it. They have bouncers at the door which seems really lame considering is a small and plain bar. It is a simple space that is rather boring so I was dissapointed. I am just happy that I had my pals and we showed up to support our mutual friend. The beauty bar is overrated in my opinion and I won't be back. Been there done that.
1	Wasnt the cleanest place any time ive gone. Prices of the drinks were always changing. Only decent thing was the music.
4	Rad spot. Cool music, cool crowd, cool outside patio/stage area, bartenders are great, cheap booze AND I can get my hur done, nails done, everything did. I'm in.
4	The first time I went here I wasn't happy with it. I would not go to beauty bar just to drink and hang out. However, I recently went to the We Are Scientists concert and it was incredible. I love the outdoor stage. It is intimate and small and there was a good amount of people, but not too many. We Are Scientists were incredible and when The Astaires played I immediately fell in love with them (they're local)! Also, the tickets were affordable and the drinks were affordable.So, I take back my two star review. Have four!
4	Great service! Bar tenders are on top of everything good pricing for actual good drinks not just pure alcohol.
1	I would not be so generous and give a 1 Star, because of the bait and switch. We got to the bar, at 8:45pm, lured into visiting because beer that night was $0.05 a glass - even I would come out for that, so we got there and the girl at the entrance said that the $0.05 per glass of beer wouldn't start till after 11:00 pm, so we split, and said we'd be back. We returned at 10:55 pm, and the same girl told us beer was not a nickel but admission was $10 per person. WHAT THE F*** !!! If we had stayed beer was about $4 a bottle. I could handle the seediness of the place, and they seemed to wish to provide some musical entertainment, all nice, but how about honoring invitations like the one that duped us into visiting?
1	Found out that there was a $5 cover and decided to walk away w/ my group of 4. Cover on Freemont? No way. Funny thing is that they were so desperate for people that they let my party in for free and we skipped the small line. We walked into what seemed like a goth concert. Beauty bar has an interesting concept - they have the old decor, and the iconic beauty salon chairs- but all in all, it was poorly executed. Everything was pretty grimy - we didn't even want to sit down anywhere. Didn't even stay for a drink - and walked right back out.
1	I'm a 29 year old Vegas local. I was in there on Tuesday and was blown away at how rude the Bartender was. She seemed bothered by my presence, was rude when taking my order every time. I went back in last night thinking I might get better service, but not was I wrong. There was a different bartender there who was snottier than the first girl. I don't care how annoyed you are, you are interacted with guests for 30 seconds, you don't need to act fake or overly nice but don't go out of your way to be a total bitch. Get some up selling sweethearts in your bar guys!!!
5	Holy heap of lizards batman really kick balls night for the First Friday of October awesome bartenders, vibe, drinks, DJs, but the night kind a belonged to brother Ali Justin' tracks from his classics to his newest and latest the sound was right on the drinks were flow in and bass was pound in.  Hakkasan may not trip over one night but with The Beauty Bars smart band choices and setting, trust you can rest assured you can skip the strip for a trip Downtown.
3	Karaoke Wednesday's baby!!Location: On the oh so infamous downtown fremont street! Parking isn't hard to find, if you're patient go ahead and try the streets around there, if not there is a parking structure close by that isn't too expensive. Vibe & layout: Place is pretty simple and spacious, very dark inside though. The crowd here varies through all ages and cliques. At the same time they're all friendly. The place extends further to a outside backroom. Nothing really there, just some bands that play occasionally. As for the song selections for karaoke the emcee will play any genre at all! :)Customer service: Kind of poopy. You really have to get in the bartenders face to get their attention, otherwise you'll be waiting all night for a drink. And I'm not exaggerating. Decently priced beer though.Protip: Be sure to check out the small concerts they throw $5!!!! So cheap and great bands that play too.
2	This is one of the old school classic bars on Fremont street that used to be the spot but now just inspires meh. The good: great location in the middle of Fremont east, nickel beer night. Love the salon style chairs. Great stage setup for music/ DJsThe bad: the location: since its in the middle of Fremont east, you have much better options nearby. They now have a cover for nickel beer night. Can't complain because beer is still cheap but still don't like itI like hipsters, some of my best friends are hipsters, but if you're not a fan then avoid this place because it can get hipster-yMain gripe with this place is, the quality of the acts that they book has been on the decline, which was the main draw here.  I've complained and several of my contemporaries agree that they've been on a downward spiral. Not coincidentally the decline seem to have begun after new owners took overVerdict: this bar is more beast than beauty. Move on to the next
4	Ever since new owners came around, the place seems to be getting much better! I haven't ran across the crappy bartender that made me write the review last time! They have this new awesome photo booth in side that's always fun to hit up when you've got a nice buzz on. Nickel beer nights can get a little crazy but it's still a really good time! Also! Danny, the manager is awesome! Very sweet guy, and he runs the place extremely well!
4	Karaoke night was a riot Wednesday.  I love the photo booth!  Tiny cool bar.  Seriously really neat and different!
2	Champagne taste with a beer budget...NICKLE BEER TUESDAY. Seems exciting right? It was the first time we went. Good music, got more beer than we could drink, (all for 5 cents a beer) good people good music. However recently we went back and now we were charged a $10 cover to listen to horrible people preform! All the beer in the world couldn't make them sound good! BUT WAIT now we don't get all the beer in the world any more they limit you to what you can carry we gave $5 and got 20 beers!?!? You do the math we were jipped! The people sucked, the DJ played goth crap so the music sucked...SOOOOO we left.But wait it gets better... We tried to give them a redemption and went back Saturday... Yea it still sucked. Sorry beauty bar I spoke highly of you before now you're mediocre  in my books and def not worth the cover.
2	I was surprised at the cover charge for anvempty bsr.  Great service but no people and the bland atmosphere put me to sleep.  No reason to return with $5 cover.
