4	4 stars for Hardee's ?!?  It's no Culver's by a long shot but that Thick Burger was damn tasty !   I don't know if the restaurant was clean but the drive thru service was good.
4	I like this place because it usually isn't very crowded.  There's a Culver's down the street that always has about five times the business as this place.  The burgers are really good, the best fast-food burgers in my opinion (yes, better than Culvers, gasp), and the fries are excellent as well.  The best part is that if you get there at any time other than lunchtime, you get fresh fries.The only thing I don't like is how they put mayo on some of their burgers, but they never have a problem with making one without mayo.  Service is always friendly, but sometimes a little slow.  Oh yeah, you should also stay away from the chicken strips.  They're bad.The decor here is awesome, with wood paneling straight out of the 80's and cheap plastic booths.  There's even a sterile-looking wall clock on one of the walls.  If you want to reminisce about a time before fast-food restaurants tried to be all trendy and hip, you should stop in at Hardee's.
4	The Middleton Hardee's just renovated.  They got rid of the wood paneling and switched to a trendy red/black color scheme.  It is much more pleasing to the eye, but I was still sad when I found out.  Now I go to Perkin's for my old-person decor fix.  Thankfully, the outside of the restaurant still looks like your typical run-down fast food eatery!Also, the new fresh-fried chicken strips they've introduced are orders of magnitude better than the old ones, which tasted like they had been fried in a factory, frozen, and then microwaved for five seconds before being served.  Nothing in fast food is ever fresh, but these new chicken strips do a passable impersonation of it.
4	Okay, my review sums it all up in a text that I sent to my boyfriend several hours after eating a Frisco Burger w/o tomato, small order of curly fries and a small diet coke.Text message:"Don't tell anyone but I ate at Hardee's today and it was like real restaurant quality. Well just the food part. I didn't eat it all b/c 1) I couldn't and 2) I wanted some for later."I was driving while eating it and I kept saying out loud how good the burger was. Mind you, I was totally alone. And I didn't go in the restaurant but it looked clean from the drive-thru window and that woman who took my order did a better than average job. I was kind of put off by their prices but it was totally worth every penny!
5	these guys are super friendly. the food was made perfectly! mushroom and Swiss.yumthey play nice music and its very clean
2	Worst drive thru service ever....they didn't tell me the total cost of my order till I got up to the window.  It took a couple mins. before anyone even came to the window, and then I had to sit there for almost 10 mins before I got my food.  A drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food.  And the food was not worth the price I paid for it.  This is not the first time I've had this kind of service there.  The people working there also don't seem like they want to be there.  I don't know why I even tried going back.
