5	Excellent choice!! Clean, manager on site and even had free coffee and snacks!!!
5	This laundromat is awesome! It's clean, cheap the lady is super friendly and they have free drinks and snacks too!
4	This is an older establishment so even though it's clean, it's not pristine.  You can't beat the price of the washers and dryers though.  $1.50 to wash and 25 cents for 8 minutes to dry.  There aren't any large load washers (except for the jumbo 60 pounder).  These are everyday top loader that you'd have at home.  No frills but they get the job done and when you're out of clothes and on the road - that's all that counts.
5	Great clean, budget friendly laundromat not far from the strip.As the luggage restrictions get tighter and my stays in Vegas get longer I often find the need to wash my clothes. I've visited several places where I could get the job done but this place hits all the marks. It's close to the strip (about 2 large blocks) in a small strip mall at E. Harmon & Paradise across from the Hofbrauhaus.At last visit wash was $1.50 and .25/ 8 minutes dry. There are a couple of jumbo washers in the back if you need an extra capacity wash. Change and soap products are available as well. A laundry service is offered by weight and I think there is a 3lb minimum. Since I'm a geek I did the math and it came out to about 2x what do it yourself would cost so If you don't have the time they can wash for you and it won't break the bank.The place does show it's age a bit but it was super clean. Free coffee and donuts were on offer the Sunday I visited. Lily (sorry if I got your name wrong - I'll correct when I find my notes) was on duty that day. Friendly and helpful. We chatted about Las Vegas and Asian food after she assisted another customer fold up her laundry. Who knew you could have that much fun doing laundry.If I can't check a bag for free - I'll be back on my next visit!
1	A note posted on the door said that the business is closed and gave instructions on how to reclaim laundry that had been left there.
1	closed as of may 2013.
1	Definitely closed. Sign on door!
1	This place is horrible. I dropped off my white down coat and the first time it came back with red dye on it. I told them to clean it again. She said she would call me when it was ready. A whole week went by so i called twice and nobody answered. Then i went in and the coat came back with gold dye all over. I had to personally speak to the owner because the lady doesnt speak English.
