4	Great facility. Great location. Great parking. Great staff. They rotate the lifeguards every :15 so they stay alert. Not sure who or why they authorized a dog swim on Sept. 11. That really grosses me out, no matter how much chlorine they dump into the pool.Why, why, why would you ever do that?_____I wish they had longer hours to swim laps without the "family" atmosphere. "Family Swim" equates to lots of kids doing cannonballs all over the place, gettin' in the way while you're trying to do laps, making off with the equipment you may have hanging out at the end of your lane. Huge bummer. But if you can grab some time without the annoyance of the little ones, the place rocks. $3 entry per swim (not per day). IMHO, 5 stars if:* $3 per day (not per swim).*Fire the dude who authorized the dog swim.*Clean the locker rooms once in the middle of the day (pretty scary by evening).*Family (kid) swim limited to an hour a day, twice a week. Outside. Maybe in another county.
4	Great facility and great location. I was here for a swim after a 50 miles bike ride last Saturday. Surprisingly, it wasn't busy at all on a Saturday afternoon. No family swim just lap swim. I could have stayed longer but their hours on Saturday is from 12 noon to 4 pm only.  If you are looking for a nice and quiet indoor swimming pool in Vegas, come to this place!
5	I wrote a bad review of this place. I had one bad experience and I suppose that can happen anywhere. Since then, I've been more than pleased with the pool. FYI, there is an entire exercise facility and community center adjoining the pool. If you're on Medicare, the membership is paid.
3	Took my 9 year old here and she LOVED it. Downside are the hours!!! It is SUMMER TIME PEOPLE!!! Why are you not open EVERYDAY!! Kids need something to do in Vegas.
5	Desert Breeze Aquatic is one of my homes away from home during tri season.  It's on my side of town and a great pool to train at when you need to swim lots of laps.  Even though I have a gym membership, I'd rather swim at this pool because 24 Hour's pools are shallow, have short lanes, and are usually crowded with either teenagers who are hanging out or the older set walking the lanes, which is just fine, but just too cramped for me to get in a real workout.  Desert Breeze is an Olympic size pool, so there are dedicated lap lanes throughout the day and I rarely have to share at the times I go.  There's a Masters swim team that takes up half the pool in the early mornings, as well as high school swim teams at different times throughout the year, but there's at least two lap lanes available during those times (5:30am-7:00am), but that's when you may have to share with other lap swimmers.  After 7:00am during the week, the pool usually clears out of all the team activity, so that's a good time to go if you want to be sure you get your own lane.  The young people who work the front desk are always nice and polite when I pay my $3 entry fee.  They offer many classes such as water aerobics, Mommy and Me, private lessons, as well as an outdoor water park when summer comes along.  There are always family swim hours if you just want to use the pool to have fun and not grind out the yardage.  If you need to get your swim on, go here.
4	Sins dis is da hom op the kawntis eswiming tim den ay tik dis plis to bi da bes in tawn. Olimpik says kuno!
5	Really good for smaller children and really affordable. It was fun and they let you bring in outside food and drinks. It's a great alternative to a over priced and way too crowded water park.
5	Loved it! My son had an absolute blast and we can not wait to come back. Great price, great location. Very alert friendly lifeguards all around.
4	*Dog Daze Of Summer*They open up the outside pool for dogs to swim before they close it for the season. What a great idea! It's a fairly well organized event, 5$ for preregistering and 10$ at the door. It feels a bit over crowded at times especially at the shallow end but it's understandable. For the most part the dogs are well behaved but you occasionally get the riff raff and you think, are the owners not seeing this?!? But it's a good time, there are raffles and booths set up from local dog oriented businesses.The big dogs and little dogs have separate times to use the pool so not to worry about your little pooch getting trampled. And no humans except for the life guards are allowed in the water.Keep an eye out for next year, usually happens in September!
