3	Modern resto cafe in a great location. They have the average salad/sandwich fare (with veg options which is nice), but perhaps takes attention away from the coffee. Ordered a ristretto and an americano with less water. The cashier was a little confused but the barista seemed more knowledgable, although still gave me a cup filled to the top with water for the americano. They're using 49th parallel which is generally good but both coffees tasted over extracted and were served in paper cups. Overall an average experience-maybe a visit earlier in the day would have been better.
5	First time reviewer of anything, but I do consult these kind of sites when wanting to try something new. As a regular at Veritas, when I came across some of these bad reviews, I decided to finally write a post for all the Veritas regulars out there. I take a detour at least 3-4 times a week to get a cappuccino from Veritas on my way to work. The caps here as good as it gets and I've always been greeted with a smile. Whenever I can, I pass by for a meal here and it's been consistently great. So, for all you haters out there, I don't get it.
3	Nice music, great location.
4	If you're staying in Vieux Montreal and you're going broke because of all of the fantastic (read: expensive) dining by night, save some coin during the day by heading to Cafe Veritas for breakfast.  Really tasty, healthy options.  And soooo affordable too!  2 yummy egg sandwiches on bagels=$8 CAD.  The staff is friendly.  The atmosphere's clean and cozy too.
5	You know what I like? Paninis. And you know what else I like? Coffee.Done, and done. Delicious food, amazing service, and fair prices at this very cozy spot surrounded by tourist traps and subpar food joints.
4	So... this place is DEFINITELY NOT vegan.  And not vegetarian either.  It has vegetarian options, which I suppose makes it practically vegan in Montreal, but still.The vegetarian options they do have, though, are wonderful.  And you can read it in French or English!  I got the Mediterranean salad, for $10 CA, and it was wonderful.  Big and delicious, with massive chunks of feta and juicy kalamata olives.  All the other salads that came out looked great too, and I realized too late that they had my favorite soup-- corn chowder.Easy walking distance from the Palais des Congres... and right next to Subway.  Makes you wonder how Subway could possibly get any business at all... Unless patrons are turned away by the slightly-treacherous step down to the restrooms.  Completely logical.
4	A good place to go if you want to get away from tourists in the old montreal area. It has vegetarian food with is definitely a plus. Also the music is good.
4	Bons produits, bon service mais un peu cher.
5	Very good and healthy options.  Staff was so friendly, kind and considerate.  Close to Palace de Congres for lunch break.
5	It's always great when you can have a healthy option that' also happens to be delicious. This is definitely one of hose places and to make matters even better, this service is excellent.Stopped in here for lunch after wanting something fairly healthy. I got the chicken pesto panini sandwich which also comes with peppers. It's was absolutely delicious and to make it better its all organic and low in fat. The sandwich wasn't drowning in pesto and even the breast tastes extremely fresh.The lady who works there could not have been more pleasant and accommodating. She explained almost everything on the menu in detail and went out of her to present it in English since I'm American. Couldn't ask for a better overall experience. Ill absolutely be back!
4	lovely casual place. but the wifi didn't work for me.bummer that crepes are only served for breakfast!!! till 11.30am. salads looked huge.sandwiches are delicious. thanks to the lady's recommendation, i ordered the chicken avocado & arugula.THE BREAD. omgosh. hello there. soft not overbearing. scrumptious by itself or with the sandwich. give me more please. it also came with a small side of quinoa mixed with cucumbers, dressing, red cabbage, etc.
5	Food seemed very fresh and everything was tasty. Between all of us we were able to try the fruit crepes and the banana hazelnut crepes as well as a bagel and egg sandwich and a very fresh fruit cup. The food was served quickly and it was all very good. The only thing that was a negative is that I wasn't a big fan if the coffee, but I had drop coffee and not any if the espresso offerings that smelled so good.
5	I was looking for a place with healthier options and just happened to walk by. This place has a great selection on sandwiches and salads. Being a vegetarian it tends to be harder to eat out when you don't know the area, but Cafe Veritas had a good vegetarian selection.  Since the menu has pictures, it's very easy to select something tasty. The service was also very quick and helpful. I would recommend this place for a coffee break or lunch.
5	Very decent espresso. Selection of vancouver roasted coffees. Nice space and friendly service. Recommend!
5	Excellent food and great service! :)  We are traveling from the US and they had English menus which made ordering their great food much easier.
5	Absolutely amazing! This is not an upscale place but it's just perfect for a hearty lunch that won't break the bank. I ordered their veggie mozzarella panini sandwich which came with a lovely chickpea salad. I am usually not the type to finish my entire meal but after a horrible lunch at some upscale hotel down the street, I finished the entire sandwich AND salad (and that is after already "having lunch")This is not a tourist trap and you will get your money's worth. It's clean and healthy and affordable.
3	Good prices. The coffee was very good. They steam the milk automatically for your coffee. Bagel with cream cheese was very good, best part of meal, ordered a side of smoked salmon. Crepe with berries was good too. Roasted potatoes with omelette were a miss, season and flavor were wrong for a breakfast/brunch. Omelette was not good, more of a frittata than omelette. I should of used salt and pepper but did not. Egg flavor was off.
4	Excellent food and reasonably priced.  I had the Tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich, which was delicious.  They gave me a cafe mocha as a challenge, saying I will never want one from that 'other' coffee shop again.  ;). It was delish as well.  I would definitely return!
4	Good food at a good price!  I had the Tomato, basil and mozzarella sandwich, which was delicious.  They challenged me to compare their cafe mocha to that 'other' coffee shop's version and I must say it was very good!  If I return to Montreal, I will visit this place again!
3	My sister and I ate here on our first day in Montreal. My sister ordered a chicken-cranberry salad that looked out of this world. I ordered the crepes with ham/asparagus/swiss. My crepe had a touch of sweetness that I didn't care for in what I expected to be a savory dish, but it was cooked well. This is a nice casual eatery, with healthy options. I would return...and order the salad. Our meals with drinks cost $30 CAD.
4	Excellent lunch here. I had the Grilled Veggie Sandwich and even asked if they could swap the cheese out for avocado. They were pleasant and easy to work with! The sandwich was delicious. I also had a cranberry orange smoothie, flavor was great but a little too much pulp for me at the end. Clean, inviting restaurant. Definitely recommended for lunch!
5	Amazing sandwiches and salads... And one of the best coffees in town. I am very picky about my coffees and I must say this is very close to Myriad. Highly recommend this place if you want decent good quality food and don't want to be ripped!
4	Cappuccino was excellent. Free wifi. Sandwiches are very expensive, the highest prices I've seen in Montreal. Perhaps is normal for the old port, but $11 for a sandwich is crazy.
3	I've only been here once and it certainly did not wow me enough to return. I had a chocolate and banana crepe. I enjoyed it as much as any other run of the mill crepe. This could be a case of ordering the wrong item on the menu, but I am a bit perplexed by some of the more favorably enthusiastic reviews.
4	Great place for soups, salads or breakfast . I had a huge breakfast here for only $9 and it was only $1 more for a delicious coffee to go with it! The service was great and the atmosphere very comfortable. Plenty of room and big windows .
