4	My check engine light came on in my car & after having a small panic attack I called my dad. He told me that the light could mean a wide variety of things & that if I took it to AutoZone they would use a scan tool for free that will give me the specifics of what is wrong. I did as my dad suggested. The AutoZone employee used the scan tool & then gave me a  print out with the specifics. I can't even begin to tell you how helpful this was!I would have given 5 stars, but the customer service was a bit lacking. When I arrived I was the ONLY customer. There was an employee about 3 feet away from me stocking shelves. He didn't even acknowledge my presence. 2 people came into the store shortly after & then the 'stocking' guy yelled to someone in the back, who begrudgingly started walking towards us. At that moment the phone rang & the guy walking towards us said in a very loud sarcastic voice "I GUESS I'LL ANSWER THE PHONE!" & so there I stood, still waiting. A bit later another employee came out from the back. He was actually very friendly, cordial & professional. I wish I remembered his name! You'll know him anyway, he's the one who looks like he won't tear your head off if :)
4	Very helpful employees--really know their stuff!I go in constantly with stupid questions, and they never laugh at me. Even though a new Autozone recently opened closer to me, I will still go to this location.
1	Staff sucks! Dislike this store alot. Long lines. Unhelpful staff! I prefer oreilys!
2	Will never go here again. I went into the store after Doing research and felt comfortable enough in knowing what I was asking for. The first person I encountered copped a total attitude saying "I have no idea what you're talking about. I can't help you." Um hey how about you turn your arse around and type it into the damn computer?! I'm telling you the name of the part! Then another person came along to help which after feeling as though I've now been ganged up on, being treated like a total dumb ass, he finally looked up the part on the computer. Oh look at that its listed THE SAME AS I WAS CALLING IT BY. -____- I gave two stars simply because we did find the part and how much it will run me and he did go check the part out in my car to be sure I would order the correct part. My tip to Auto Zone... Work on your customer service because you are seriously lacking it and suck big....
