5	Nepalese food, because of the nature of the country it comes from, is wildly varied - and in some places odd and confusing. However, this works excellently in favour of the Yak & Yeti restaurant - because for the most part it will be like nothing you have ever eaten before - perfect for when the thought of the same old italian/french/chinese food just doesnt do it for you any more.A unique cross over of what tastes like thai food and indian food, the Yak & Yeti has an excellent menu, with a range of dishes so interesting I ended up speaking at some length to our friendly waiter (who was knowledgable and patient with me) about what each dish tasted like. When my 'Pokheli Methi Murgh' arrived it was beautifully cooked and delicious (if unpronouncable).My over all experience of Yak & Yeti was that it was a fresh, new restaurant that succeds in providing something different and tasty for a meal.
4	I still don't really know what the difference is between specifically Nepalese food and regular Indian food...That's why I'm giving this place 4 stars and not 5. The food itself was extremely tasty (I had the Bengal King Prawns which were marinated in all sorts of spices and then cooked in the tandoori oven, they were gorgeous). But I went there feeling all excited about trying a new 'cuisine' that I'd never had before, and left feeling that there are a lot of Indian restaurants much closer to where I live that serve the vast majrity of the same dishes - almost as if they're just using it as a gimmick.Aside from that, there really isn't anything you can fault this place on. Despite my whingeing I still picked up a takeaway menu on my way out. Although the food might be very similar to a lot of other restaurants in the area, their prices are definitely the best.
5	I really couldn't fault Yak & Yeti as the food is delicious, the service is friendly and quick and the general ambiance of the place makes you feel relaxed and at home.  I've been here a few times with some friends in my second year of uni and every time we've left stuffed with Nepalese food and content with the whole experience.  The menu has a wide range of meat, poultry and vegetarian dishes, all of wich are authentic to Nepal and have their own unique blend of spices.  The last time I was in I went for the lamb gurkhali khasi which is a traditional dish of the region and tasted amazing.  With boiled rice, a naan bread and drink the whole meal came to tenner which we all throught was great value for money.I'll hopefully come here again soon as its service, food and atmosphere are all faultless.
5	Fabulous Nepalese food here! Try the nann! Came back here to try different things, and it is always quite. very cute waitress.
5	We actually ended up going to this restaurant because all the other restaurants were closed. We were hoping to find some Scottish food. I was so glad they were open. The food was simply fantastic, and the service was 5 star. I think the owners name is Monty. We talked to him quite a bit while we ate. It was absolutely incredible. If you are in Edinburgh, don't miss it. There were a total of 9 of us including one 6 year old child. I live in San Diego, and really miss this restaurant. I wish there was one here.
5	Great Indian/Nepalese food. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and fast when my wife and I popped in the other evening. They offer a wide variety of Indian cuisine with some Gurkha dishes as well. Complementary with the meal they brought us a variety of sauces to dip a dried bread chip into (not sure what it is actually called). Very nice while we waited and tasty. Yak & Yeti has some cool choices of local beers, I tried the Gurkha and was very happy with it. If you like really spicy make sure to emphasize it. We will be going back.
