2	In general I really like Panda Express but this one has been lacking lately in service.  For example, the other day I picked up lunch for my wife and I and when the guy was bagging up the order I asked for some orange sauce.  He wrinkled his face and said in a very disgusted fashion "orange sauce?  We don't have orange sauce."   So then I looked and pointed at the sauce that was orange, and referred to it by the only name that he knows it as, which would be sweet and sour sauce.So I said, yes, that orange sauce.   He was livid.  It really irked him.  To which I say, every time I am going back I am getting more orange sauce.The food in uninspired chinese fast food.  I would get take out unless you like watching the best of Surprise come in and out....
4	ALways a fan.  This location is hopping.
4	Dinner Crawl in Surprise. It's Panda  Express.  This is fast food imitation Chinese food!! It's good for what it is.  Want upscale, go to Pei Wei, that's not good enough, go to PF Changs! (see where I'm going with this?!) It's Panda Express, get the green bean chicken, feel good about being nice and leaving an honest review.. ;)
4	Fast food joint....Great at fast food Chinese. Nuff said?  Consistently good fast food is what Panda Express is all about.  If you have a Chinese craving and need to fill that void fast this is the place to do it.  I like chow mein, fried rice, and orange chicken: the main staples of fast food Chinese. Glad to have one in Surprise as a selection for a quick lunch or dinner spot.
1	I wrote a similar review for Sonic drive-in. I don't eat fast food very often, although probably more than I should, however there are certain fast food places that always disappoint me. Every time I drive by a panda express I think to myself, "I haven't been there in a while it might be good", and every time, I leave feeling a little sick to my stomach and a little regretful. I'd much rather go next door to Rubios and get some fish tacos or a burrito.
3	Here's the deal! I like Pei Wei! Daughter likes Panda Express! One thing I learned is when you have a wife and daughter in the house, I don't win anything!!! It's always what they want?? I also learned, not to say to much about it! Anyway, we went to Panda Express! Did I mentioned my daughter loves this place?? We ordered their orange chicken, steamed rice, and some kid of mongolian beef! Food is OK, I have had better! (PEI WEI) The service is OK, problem is during eating time like lunch or dinner! It can get real crowded! So try and get here during off peak hours. Well we comeback?? Of course!! Daughter loves this place!!!
4	Well what can I say about Panda? If you discount the greasiness of the food and the lack of authenticity of the "Chinese" it is trying to replicate, you get a very very good fast food meal. That being said it all depends on whether you are in the mood for fast food (thus expect grease) and/or authentic Chinese food.Evaluating the place as a whole from the fast food perspective, it is very tasty, tons of different options at a decent price for the amount of food you get, so this category is very competitive.I would recommend the pork eggrolls, not the spring rolls, as they are very good.
1	I have to at least give it one star as there is no zero available. Ate there Monday and all 4 of us came home felling sick to our stomach. The owner was there for a short minute, he was rude, obnoxious and had an attitude towards his employees. But the real questions is: What they are serving is it really beef or chicken or ?
4	It was good and fresh for "fast food".  The place seemed clean and it was a decent value.I do wish the fried rice had some more flavor.
4	I hadn't been to a Panda Express in a while and was craving some chow mein. I decided on a bowl so as to not get enough food for multiple meals, lol. There were a lot of different entree items that I hadn't seen before & I decided to try the Firecracker Chicken Breast. I was warned up front that it was really spicy, which made me want it even more :D I have to say, it is very tasty and it does have a little kick. Definitely my new favorite! When in doubt the staff encourages you ask for a taste :)Location is clean, staff is friendly, lots of parking available.
