3	This place has decent food. The gyro meat is really good and tender, and the dressings and tzatziki sauces taste homemade-- not sure if they really are or not. The lettuce always tastes like bagged cheapo stuff, though, and they only have bottled drinks-- no brewed iced tea or anything fancy. The restaurant is really small- with only three or four tables inside in the air conditioning. They have outdoor seating with misters, but I personally really hate sitting under misters. They have waitstaff, er ONE server, who double as a counter server, so it can be slow, but they are always very friendly. All and all, this restaurant is OK. I work close, so it's kind of nice to go here as a change of pace, but not on any sort of regular basis or anything.Just a funny note: I did spellcheck here on yelp.com, and they suggested "testis" for "tzatziki." ha!
4	I've been coming to this place for years. It's cheap and yummy. And, located in downtown Scottsdale, that's a rare find.For $5, the falafel sandwich is the best bargain. The falafel is crispy, and the sandwich is rolled up with hummus, tahini and tomato. It comes with a little iceberg lettuce salad that's unremarkable -- except for the tangy dressing (maybe sumac?) that makes it flavorful.The actual falafel here is probably the best in the Valley. It's the only thing I've tasted that comes close to the home-made falafel my friend used to make for us all at bar time....that stuff rocked.A few tips, though: First, don't bother parking in the parking lot. It's tiny and I've seen cars almost hit each other (or diners) on multiple occasions. Just park on the street. Also, order ahead. The service can be kind of slow, so just go online and order about 10 minutes before you get there.If the weather is nice, it's a great place to eat outdoors.
4	I was impressed by the quality.  It was more than i expected.
4	VERY tasty food but not cheap.I went here for lunch with coworkers and since I don't eat flour/wheat I ordered a chicken/kafta plate with rice, salad and garlic sauce.  The service was slow as there was only one waitress and what appeared to be the owner working, but the service was friendly and very accommodating.The chicken and kafta was honestly some of the best I have ever experienced.  Chicken was moist, well marinated/seasoned and absolutely delicious.  The kafta was perfectly seasoned, char grilled, and not greasy like I have experienced elsewhere.  The meat literally fell apart with my fork, so tender and delicious.  Add the garlic sauce... forget about it.  Unreal.  Fresh minced garlic and olive oil, yum!  The rice was also tasty and some of the best I have ever had.My bill for the chicken/kafta plate and Arizona Iced Tea was about $16.50, $19.50 out the door.... not cheap for lunch but I must say it was definitely worth every penny.  I will be returning as budget allows.
4	I came to the Pita House for the free wifi, which is really convenient.  The food is pretty standard, but good.  I especially liked the hummus.  The atmosphere is pretty friendly, the waiters all seemed really nice, and only slightly weirded out that I was on my laptop there!
4	Good place. I have been coming here for years. It's even better now that they expanded and purchased the coffee shop next door (which is now the Pita House bar).The food is good, the patio and new bar are are set-up well. Service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly. Good solid food at a fair price.I have yet to try one of the hookahs on their outdoor patio, though I intend to imbibe one of these evenings real soon.
4	Had lunch here early afternoon.  From the outside you are fooled a bit as this establishment is housed in the "Old Town Pueblo" looking building next to a tattoo place and Schlotzsky's.  You are fooled into thinking this might be a half-ass run pita joint.  However, the only fooling once you step inside is the faux old world walls and fixtures; so Vegas-ish.  I did notice a windex smell upon entering.  I took that as a good thing vs. a bad thing although it was a little nasty to waff.  Otherwise this place is pretty authentic Lebanese.  I had the hummus appetizer along with the chicken kabob sandwich, both were yummy.  I always get a little shy trying foreign food in the desert cause it always seems like the stuff is a day or two old, but the stuff looked fresh and tasted yummy.  The place was playing some Arabic music and had some Bollywood looking movie on the two plasma screens and although our waitress was from Venezuela, she played and sounded the Lebanese part pretty good.  She apologized for taking too long to bring out our bill, but I was having such a good convo with my friend that I told her 'no worries'.  I noticed that they do offer hookah and belly dancing on the weekends.  They have a little VIP nook inside and an average size patio outside.  You can sit down if you walk in the back door or order take-out from the front door.+ + +'s:fairly ethnic feel, fresh lunch food, clean, several areas to eat (inside, outside, VIP, take-out), friendly service- - - 's:faux materials (we all know it's fake, just paint it mediterranean blue or something), tone down on the clean smellIn sum, if you are looking for a bit of ethnic flair with decent food and a variety of seating choices, this is your place.  If you are looking for upscale mediterranean, look elsewhere.
1	Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.
1	Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.
3	I was driving around for business and wanted something different for lunch and stumbled upon this place. The atmosphere is pretty cool... Clean and simply decorated which I liked. The bar was nice and am thinking that it would be a cool place to start out and grab a couple drinks before a night out in old town. The food was good. I got the Kafta Kubideh Pita sandwich and it came with a salad. The pita sandwich was really good and I especially liked the grilled taste on the meat. The salad was ok, nothing special (shredded lettuce and dressing) All in all I liked the meal. The price was a little high in my opinion as my meal with a drink was 11 bucks and change. I'll go back when I'm around the area but won't be in a hurry to do so.
3	Seeing Chris R's review for Pita House reminded me to review my experience too.  I stopped in for what I thought would be a quick carry-out order late afternoon / early evening on a Saturday... I skimmed the menu that was posted outside and walked in.  I recall hearing positive things about this place and figured it would be perfect for what I was looking for - a quick and somewhat healthy option to take home and eat quickly as I got ready for my night out.  Was that the case?  Yes and no.I was not sure which side to go in to order from... when I walked in, the one lady working there acknowledged me but didn't return to take my order for a good ten minutes.  Just as I was getting ready to leave, she apologized, but I was getting antsy and annoyed.  I placed my order and told her I'd wait for it... A greek salad and a vegetarian appetizer plate.Neither the salad or the app plate was the best I've had.  They were both fine.  I liked the combo of tabbouleh, hummus, baba ghanoush, grape leaves, and falafel... and luckily Jared helped me to eat it all as it was a lot of food.  It was more than $20 once I added a bottle of water though.  More expensive than I would've guessed.Will I rush back?  Probably not?  Will I return?  Possibly... not a bad option for Middle Eastern cuisine - and perhaps it's better if you eat in on a night when they have belly dancers or something?!  I'll update if and when I experience that.
4	I love the gyro's pita and i like the service,, so i will be back to try some other things in the menu...good place!!
3	Touristy location on the NE corner of Scottsdale & 1st.  They have expanded their seating with the outdoor area and taking over the adjacent place which I thought was an old coffee house called Jamaica something or other.  Anyway, service was fair, food was good, and prices were a bit mixed - some items seemed priced about normal but others were a couple bucks high.  Don't care for their no-substitution policy since they do their entrees and sandwiches a little different than most other falafel places.
4	I can't think of any place I'd recommend more in Old Town.  I've only had the falafel, but it's wonderful enough to recommend the entire restaurant.  The staff is friendly, and service is pretty quick.  I prefer a carry out or alfresco dining, as sometimes they overdo the cleaning chemicals in the inside seating area.   The area is a vast wasteland of tourist trap shops and crap food, so lets just say this place is an oasis of sorts.
3	Good food? Oh yes!Amazing? Falls a bit short.I ordered the vegetarian platter, so I could try a little of everything, which is usually my M.O. at new Med restaurants.  $10 seemed a little high, but it's Scottsdale, so I guess that's pretty normal.It took quite a while to even get my glass of water, and longer for the food to come. There isn't really any indoor seating, but the patio is nice (if not a bit chilly at night. I assume it's a bit roasting in the summer).The food itself? Good.  It didn't taste bad, or make me want to leave, but it wasn't mouth watering good.  So-so.Will I be back? Probably. I do like Med food, and there aren't a ton of options near me. It's also cheaper than most places in Scottsdale.  Will I be craving it though? Not really.
2	I've picked up a gyro from here before and couldn't really remember if I had liked it, so I stopped to grab something quick on my way back to work. I've read some reviews that say their falafel is good, which I can't speak to. I can say that the gyro, the side greek salad that came with it and the baklawa were overpriced and disgusting. The shredded iceberg that topped the gyro and comprised most of the salad was browing and reminded me of what subway would have thrown out .The baklawa was soggy. This might explain why they were completely empty and able to serve me quickly right around noon on a week day. I'd say the Schlotsky's two doors down would be a better and cheaper options. If I really want a gyro, I'll go the mall food court and get a cheaper gyro that actually tastes good from Pita Jungle.
4	A good friend of mine and I went out for a bit on Saturday, and decided to stop by after hearing the music coming from Pita House! Im so happy we stopped in, because I was craving Tzatsiki!The food was good, and cheap! The pita tasted really fresh :) Aside from that they had a belly dancer performing and the hookah bar was really busy. A group of people also came through and were doing some kind of traditional dance that was really cool to see.Great vibe, energy and food. Ill definately be back.
2	If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
4	I got some take-out from here the other night in spite of the objections of my roommate.  Dude, am I glad I didn't listen to that idiot.  (She's never even eaten here before, but thought it looked dodgey from the outside).  I got the chicken gyro pita with an extra side of tzatsiki.  The staff was pleasant and super quick. I've spent more time waiting at the McDonald's drive-thru; I was probably in and out of there in 5-7 minutes.  The food was tasty - pita appeared fresh out of the oven (I don't know if it actually was), chicken was juicy & flavorful, and veggies were fresh.  Their pitas/sandwiches come with a side salad that constists of pretty much just shredded lettuce and dressing, but I won't knock it since I ate all of it.   I wish their portions were a little bigger for what I paid, but all in all, a good experience.  I'll probably be back next time I'm craving Mediterranean food in a hurry, because it definitinely hit the spot.
2	OMG!  Can someone show these people how to make stuffed grape leaves?  If I wanted the leaves with a couple pieces of rice in them I'd make them myself.Small, small appetizers for $8 each.  Not worth the money cause you can get a better deal somewhere else.Oh, it's Scottsdale you say?  Well, whoop-tie doo, but I still don't get off getting ripped off with small portions with normal prices.And we sat outside on a very chilly day.  I mean, this place is truly hole in the wall charging Ocean Club prices.  Get real, folks.The hummus was good, the sandwiches--sans much chicken--was okay, the tabbouleh tasted good for the little bit we got.Yeah, another Scottsdale place that charges high prices while giving you little in return.If this is your thing, then go for it.  It just isn't mine.
4	- 2 mintues walking distance from work.- Crack mixed into their salad dressing. - Chicken Shawarma Pita, the chicken was tender and juicy. Will I return to Pita House for Lunch?  Did the little piggy go "Weee" all the way home? The End.  :)
4	I've been here a few times for lunch and I've never been disappointed. I got a great Gyro and a drink for $6 in Oldtown. $6 in Oldtown for lunch with a quality meal, it's almost unheard of.
4	I couldn't have put it better myself, Daniel B.  Every time I go here, I get the classic gyro and a drink for under $6 and it never gets old!  This has to be one of your next choices for lunch on the go in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Really terrific food, great variety, and friendly service!  Had Hummus apps, falafel pita sandwich, and some yummy rice on side..... highly recommend!
4	I have been a couple of times in the evening and always had a great time. Hands down some of the best falafel I have ever had! The hummus and baba ganoush was a little disappointing but they certainly made up for it with good hookah and fabulous belly dancing. The service is a little slow, but always friendly. I will definitely be returning to Pita House.
5	This place needs a new name... how about AWESOME HOUSE?? The Pita House delivers so much more than just food. While visiting Scottsdale, we wanted to pay homage to our ancestry and smoke some hookah. After dinner at RA sushi, we ended up walking over for what we thought would be an hour smoke sesh before heading to the W to party. We were there for 5 hours! The vibe was awesome... yes, they serve food, but the hookah patio is where its at. They've got lights for ambiance, misters out of necessity, and music blaring and a belly dancer for entertainment. We ended up going back the next night to try the food and continue to smoke our lungs into oblivion. Yeah, you read that right... 2 nights in a row. Did I mention we were only in Scottsdale for 2 nights? And we specifically stayed at the W with intentions of partying our asses off. What we ordered: Both nights: Chocolate + Mint Hookah... HANDS DOWN the best flavor hookah I've ever smoked!! Tasted like Mint Chocolate chip ice cream. Hells yes. Mixed Fruit: Good flavor... very smooth, but a hint of menthol at the end. Blueberry + Mixed Melon: Yes! God yes! Tasted like bubble gum. Vegetarian Appetizer plate: Babaganouj was outstanding. The bread was warm and fresh. Falafel sandwich: YUM! The falafel was light and not fried to Sh*t. Mmm, it was good. This was heaven in a pita. The people made this place! We pretty much made BFF's with the staff and owner. They took SUCH good care of us. We had fresh coals every 5 minutes - that's attentive! I thought Scottsdale was alright. Worth a repeat visit? Probably not. Then I found this place. I'll be back just for the Pita house!
4	Super good! And kinda hidden around bigger named places so I would assume it gets missed by alot of people.their house dressing that they put on their salad is SO DELISH! I wish they sold it in bottles!I sat at the bar, on a weekday afternoon, on another one of my solo lunch adventures. I got a cocktail and it was made perfectly- a little strong, which is totally they way I like it.
1	Horrible service!!!I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him. Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA. Poor management...
4	So we wandered into Pita House on a Sunday afternoon. It's small and unassuming. It plays techno Middle Eastern music, shows Egyptian pride commercials on their one TV and the walls are painted to look like they're cracked stone and like you're in someone's pyramid basement. AND IT IS DELICIOUS.The falafel. THE FALAFEL. Perfectly crispy on the outside and deliciously falafely on the inside. Three tasty falafel patties stuffed into a tasty warm pita with veggies and tahini sauce. As someone else noted, their very simple salad (uhh, lettuce and a tomato slice) is topped with a dressing made of the tears of fairies and hopes and dreams.The tahini was added slightly on the heavy side for my liking, kind of drowning my whole falafel pita, but that's my own fault. I generally ask for it on the side and it just skipped my mind this time. No big deal. We were the only ones in there for a while but 5 or 6 other tables came in while we were finishing lunch. There was only one girl running both the dining room and the to-go shack (who looked about 15 years old) but she was taking care of everything pretty easily.  Pita House is a perfect cheap lunch decision and...I might need to get down there this afternoon.
5	The food is bomb. Atomic style. Ok, it's not spicy at all, but it is freaking delicious.I had one hell of a goose chase trying to find some chinese food on this weeknight. It's past 9PM on a Monday, and I can't find anything decent. It's Scottsdale, so my only choices are: Panda Express in Mesa, Jimmy Woo's (no thanks, eww), or go hungry. I settled, and drove to KFC thinking that if I was going to settle for something other than Chinese, I could get a double down, and try and go all suicidal. Then KFC let me down by forcing me to wait 10 minutes because all their filets were frozen. Eff that noise. I drove around aimlessly and somehow stumbled upon Pita House. It was like a sight for sore eyes.I've lived in Scottsdale for just over a year. I've been out and about in the area quite a bit, but for some reason I've never actually been to the Pita House. Probably because it does look a little weird. I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, because this place was awesome.Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma with an extra chicken skewer. It came with a side salad. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very thick garlic sauce (very similar to the one at Zankou Chicken in LA, see my review). Amazing. So garlicky, citrusy, and perfect.The chicken was moist and juicy. The kind that makes you want to put your mouth all up in it. Mmm hmm. Yeah. It's very nice.My meal was about 10 bucks. I devoured everything set in front of me. If you are into Hookah, they have hookah specials from 4-9, and also, some sort of lunch special for Gyros.If I wasn't moving away, I'd be here more often.Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will eat here, and grab some Falafel. Seems like people like it.Lastly, the staff seems very nice. The guy who helped me (I think he was the owner) was super cool and friendly.
2	Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
3	We were wondering around looking for a bar and heard the music pumping out from this joint.  Went in and got a table in some make shift patio area.The atmosphere and service was nice - everyone seemed to be having fun and chilling. Music they were pumping out, which was mostly middle eastern, was rather catchy and fun.The actual set up was a bit poor - tables/chairs were plastic patio furniture and it actually backed onto their kebab house!  Which made it appear shabby.However, on the whole I quite enjoyed the experience and having a drink and checking out something different.I would def recommend for a quick drink and shesha.  Didn't eat there so not sure of the quality.
2	2 stars go to food. Great food! Girl at front, not so great. No greeting as I came in. She kept her sunglasses on. I proceeded over with caution as I began to consider that she actually could be dead...that is until she reached over to her bag of pistachios and proceeded to crack one open and eat it in front of me. After a sigh of relief, I decided to initiate interaction to get the ball rolling. Told her it was my first time there and didn't know what to get. She responded with, "gyros great" as she continued to munch on her nuts. I decided on the chicken kabob...The restaurant itself, eh, a little uncleanly. Cute little place if they made an effort to wipe the grease from the ceiling and pay attention to people that want to give them money for food. May or may not be back...depends on if girl at front is still busy eating
2	I was casing this place to see if it could measure up and be included in the lunch rotation.  Instead, it became an anecdote.  Or maybe I didn't measure up, and was being encouraged not to include Pita House in my lunch rotation.  About halfway through my visit, I knew this was a one-time visit.  All the signs were piling up.  I entered the take out section and was led to the dining area.  Obviously a first timer, the waitress seemed bemused by my newness and uncompelled to offer any assistance.  Maybe she knew I wasn't returning before I did.  I felt like I was being marked for sides, drinks, and up sales rather than being welcomed.  By the time the food came, I had already decided not to return unless it was the best lunch ever and the meal was between okay and good, but closer to good.  There are so few places where rudeness is part of the charm of the place.  It is just so hard to pull off.  I had the chicken shawarma.  The chicken cubes were juicy, and the tahini sauce was good, but lacking.  On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be a shortage of restaurants in downtown Scottsdale.  Next!!
4	Grabbed lunch to go from the Pita House the other day and it was delicious! I had the Beef Kabob Pita to go and loved it. The pita comes with a salad which has a terrific vinigarette dressing. The food was great and the service was quick and friendly although I will say the price seemed somewhat high for what I would get back in NYC for 6 bucks. I would go back but couldn't be a regular at over 9 dollars for lunch to go.
5	My husband and I LOVE THIS PLACE!  We always have such a great time!  They have amazing hummus, gyros and tabbouleh, but our favorite thing about the Pita House is dancing to the beats created by Gilbert, the most amazing DJ we've ever heard!  We are truly amazed by his talent and passion for music.  We love to dance and he always plays one of our favorite songs for us.  Hookah is really fun too!  They also have a nice patio.  We consider ourselves regulars now and we appreciate the wonderful service we've always received. We will return next Friday, and the next Friday, and the next Friday... :)
2	I was intrigued by the great reviews of Pita House. A good middle eastern restaurant is difficult to find. Unfortunately, Pita House falls short. Falafel was not very good. Tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile. The pita bread was not fresh at all, way too chewy.  The service was actually really good.. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, because the place looked authentic and the reviews seemed favorable.I was very disappointed.By the way, my standard for falafel is Mamoun's Falafel in Manhattan, NY with 1000+ reviews. That's how falafel is done...
5	Been to a lot of hookah places around the valley. Pita House takes the cake on service, friendliness, and their hookah tastes better and last longer than any other place I've been to. I don't really like middle eastern food so I've never ordered if here. But I'm sure it's great!
3	This is one of those places where I feel like food is an afterthought. An afterthought to what, you ask? Well, I'm not exactly sure. All I know was that nothing was both edible and impressive. The hummus was lemony and tahini-y, but seemed mediocre, mostly because the pitas that came with it were stale and cold. They were out of rice and gave us salad instead (as if that's somehow comparable.) Plus, none of it was cheap, and since I should be paying in shekels for this stuff, I was a bit confused as to what warranted its price. Maybe because it's in Old Town Scottsdale and dumb tourists will throw their money at everything made of faux-adobe? Regardless, the rest of us don't appreciate poor value.On to the better aspects... it's open really, really late. That means you can get a round of hookah at 11 and chill until 1:30 in the morning while waiters constantly bring you new coals and shisha refills. The shisha is decent, too. They have all the flavors your dentist used to offer you in fluoride when you were 7, and then some. We had the cherry, which didn't even taste faintly of medicine, so I was content as far as that goes.Overall, it's a nice late-night hangout spot. The hookah's good. The outside seating is warm. The food is nether good, nor warm, but that's not why you're there, remember? You're there to enjoy being in a nice setting at one in the morning, as am I.
3	Had lunch here on a recent visit to Scottsdale. I've had a decent amount of falafel in my time and this was good. Instead of big balls of it, there were smaller pieces which meant more crispy bits. Ok by me! It lent a nice texture to the hummus/tahini/pita. The pita was nice and soft and chewy contrary to other reviews I glanced over. The side salad left a bit to be desired- just iceberg lettuce with a light dressing. If you get tap water, they bring you a HUGE cup of it. Like, Big Gulp-style.We took advantage of the nice weather (with a breeze!) and stayed and ate outside. Not particularly impressive since it's basically in a parking lot, but I had my back to it, and they seem to be doing the best they can with what they've got.
4	I don't need to prove my awesome writing skills in my reviews.  I don't like to waste people's time by typing, typing and typing.  So...Great food, a little pricey, awesome staff...  Just a little short staffed, so remember to bring some extra time with you when you dine here.4 Stars!
5	Great food!  Kafta and Falafel are spot on and I have traveled in the middle east.  Food is great and the service is even better.  They have hookah too!
4	Every time I come to Phoenix, I eat here. $5.99 for a hummus pita with a side salad. Imad took great care of me; so engaging. This is amazing hummus and pita bread. Tucked away in Old Town in a corner shopping center, it has outdoor seating too. I always sit in one of the little tables inside the order area; didn't realize till this past visit there was actually a bigger sitting area! I should branch out and order something else...but I won't because I seriously enjoy their hummus pita!! This beats the $120 I forked over at a sushi place this visit.
3	I stopped here for lunch today. Good gyros - not real cheap, but the lunch classic gyro is quite fair. The service was good - I had my food fast. Seating is outdoor so be prepared. Today is spring day in 90s, so not bad in shade. Actual mid east music is nice touch.I read some of the other reviews, and I didn't see any issues with cold food or cleanliness.
3	Came here on a Friday night in Summer for a quick bite.  Seating is only available outside, and chairs are very uncomfortable for extended sitting - which is ironic considering the Pita House is also a Hookah Joint.  The place has a very hip vibe, which the downtempo and house beats create through Pita's sound system.Misters keep the patio cool, but soaked.  Service was fast and friendly, even our host (or manager?) stopped by the table to see how we were enjoying the food.  Food is typical Mediterranean/Middle Eastern kafta, gyros, greek salads, and baba ghanoush.  Sampled three different meat dishes including kafta kebabs, chicken skewers, and beef skewers.  All were very dry and overcooked - flavors were there, however.Overall, I think this is a good place for late night eats - meeting the gang for some Hookah before heading out to the clubs, but certainly not for a comfortable and delectable dining experience.
5	Pita House has the best lunch deal in Scottsdale! I get a Falafel Pita (DELICIOUS!) a side salad (or you can opt for fries at no extra charge) + a drink, all for only $5.50!! As an added bonus, the take out girl is gorgeous ;) See you soon Pita House
2	For all you alliterates out there. I've experienced quite a line of lackluster lunchroom locations as of late, and I'd like to learn what little leprechaun is leaning their bad luck my way.With that out of my system. I've got to say this place has got the market cornered on mediocre. A quick visit to their official website shows a claim of "Voted #1 Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ..." I assure you, they did NOT get my vote.As far as the service was concerned; we were one of two tables seated about 6 - 7pm on a Wednesday, the waitress visited us 1) to take our order, 2) deliver our drinks, 3) drop off / pickup our check. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food. Our waitress didn't seem rude during the few times she did swing by, but also wasn't excited for us to be there.We started with an order of hummus, which turned out to be neither here nor there, then ordered a Gyro Plate and Kafta (Kubideh). The gyro meat seemed pre-packaged and the kafta (grilled ground beef) seemed underspiced and bland. We did; however, order a tasty chicken skewer side, which was good. Nothing about this meal was really fantastic and I definitely not worth coming back. I'm guessing they do most of their business during late night after people have had too much to drink to realize they're eating a sub par meal.Be sure to let me know where your favorite Gyro is, 'cause I'm still looking!
4	Indeed one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in town! The Greek salad dressing is authentic and delish. Can't wait to go back.
4	I went here the other day with a friend for a much needed Friday happy hour/dinner.  I had checked out the other yelp reviews, and I really wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was really good.  The service was also good, but a little slow at first.  They give you ridiculously large glasses of water here, which should be standard everywhere you go...we do live in the desert, after all.  The hummus was good.  I'm seriously in love with the babaghanouj, it had the best slightly charred smoky flavor.  The salad itself was unimpressive, but that garlic dressing they put on it is crazy good, and guaranteed to keep vampires and bad dates at bay.  The hookahs smelled amazing; I'm definitely going to have to come back and try them sometime.  They also have a little take out window, which is conveniently separate from the rest of the place.  I suspect I'll be ordering falafels from it in the near future.  I do have to dock a star for the bathroom, as it was small, and only half working.
3	Another find via Groupon, we visited this place a handful of times.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, just off Scottsdale Rd, we tried a variety of menu items here:Hummus, $5.99Gyro Classic Plate, $12.99Vegetarian Combo (Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, Babaghanouj, Grape Leaves, Tomatoes, Pickles, Olive Oil), $9.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3Umng#g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3UmngGyro Classic Pita Sandwich, $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxw#TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1g#tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1gThe first time we visited, I got the Gyro Classic Plate, which is basically all of the ingredients in a Gyro Sandwich, but on a plate which makes it a larger portion.  It was a bit too much for me, so on subsequent visits, I ordered the Gyro Classic Sandwich.  The Gyros are ok, not great.My favorite menu item here is the Vegetarian Combo.  It has all of my favorites on it.....Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, yum!  However, I've had better in my life, which is why I'm only giving this joint 3 stars.The service is so/so here.  One evening, we had awesome service....on a couple other visits, it wasn't very good.  I thank Groupon for introducing me to a new restaurant, but it isn't on my all time list.Return Factor - 50%
4	The place has a nice atmosphere, inside and outside seating. One draw: no beer on tap. We tried the babaghanouj with the pita bread as an appetizer and it was goodBut nothing crazy. Service is really slow so expect to wait a good 20 min for your food, but the wait is worth it. I had the combo plate that has beef and chicken kabobAnd kafta with rice and it was delicious. It is also open until 2 am including the kitchen so it's perfect for a late dinner when other places are already closed. Overall great experience.
1	I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
5	I have been sampling falafel all over the west coast since the 70s ... this is one of the my two favorites.
1	Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
3	This place is good, but it's nothing special. The last time I was there it took about 30+ minutes to get our food which was pretty frustrating considering we had to be back at work soon. The set up is a little strange between the back dining room, the to go spot and the side patio. I think it's a little overpriced for what you get. Chicken kabobs are good, so is the vegetarian platter.
5	I have been going to the Pita House since I was in high school. The food is insanely delish, they have the BEST hummus and falafel in town.
4	Went last week for first time.  Ordered falafel pita which has hummus. They gladly substituted tomatoes for pickles it was huge and great.  Get the hot sauce.  That was dinner time   Today stopped for lunch had hummus pita   It was average  not much  hummus.  Inside is a dive.  Outside is fine, but not in the summer   Only like three tables inside   A couple walked in looked around and split.  So I give them 4 stars for last time, would have gone 3 today. But if you don't eat meat there are great options.  Get the falafel with hummus and you might be happy. But I can't guarantee anything.  Very polite staff
4	Pretty empty at lunchtime on a Tuesday, but that just means quicker takeout for me. Tried the falafel sandwich served with the side salad and the total was under 6 bucks. The falafel was traditional with no cilantro and it was a good ball. It was rolled into the pita bread as is normal (i still yearn for the old school pita pockets) and it included hummus, tahini and an unusual dose of pickles. I really liked the sandwich, it was just good solid food, not the best falafel ever, but if you are craving this item, it is good and priced right at this location.
2	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.I had a regular Gyro, which comes with a Greek Salad.  It was good, and the service was ok.  There were some negatives, though:*  They opened 15 minutes late, & even that was with having go to ask the snarky gal working in the take-out room when they were going to open the dining room.     :-(*  The restaurant itself has a bar & the whole room was kind of dark, boozy smelling & run down...  wobbly tables, etc.  Not my style.     :-|We were the only customers during our lunch visit.Classic Gyro & Side Salad:  $7.99
2	Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad. We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?    My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.  If I return, it wont be for a while.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The owner is not honorable.  The owner advertises with restaurant.com.  However, upon presentation of the voucher, he refuses to honor.  Before going to restaurant, we confirmed the vouchers validity over the phone.  A better choice is Pita Jungle or Persian Room.
1	I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
4	It's kind of nuts how much take-out business this place gets, and you'd never notice it just by driving by!It's a simple Greek menu, with plenty of options for vegetarians like myself.  I usually get a pita sandwich with a side salad instead of fries, but last night I splurged and got the Vegetarian Platter.  For $10, you get basically 2 meals worth of food - good for sharing or in my usual case, being a total fatass and eating it (nearly) all.  The pita included with the Veg platter is notably thinner than traditional pita bread, but I actually prefer it (honestly, it almost seems like grilled tortillas but I know that's not right).  This way, you can save on the carbs as you scoop up some delicious baba and hummus.  The falafel here is much crispier than I've had anywhere else...and I love it!Service is friendly and quick. Packaging for to-go orders has always been adequate...no spills on the drive home for me!Bonus: parking is plentiful in the adjacent lot, and you can sit on the cozy patio while you wait for your order to be prepared!
5	This place rocks!!! I recently moved to Scottsdale and I am blessed to have this place!! Outside area is very relaxing, u will b smoking a hookah and getting your work done on your computer thanks to their free wifi (no code needed and no time restriction) I think they have a live Dj on the weekend!! Good is greaaat!! I love gyros, chicken or beef and the shawarma and hummus!! The cool thing is that I found out that they open to almost 4am on the weekend for take out!! Love it!! Feel like I am back on the NYC!!
3	Midnight on a Friday night and this place was slammed. Might have been overflow from the nearby bars because it was wall-to-wall crowds at the inside register and on the patio wrapping around towards the back. My first impression formed based on the number of patrons who appeared middle eastern. The group sitting on patio to our left were speaking Greek. So, perhaps the food and the hookah reflected the same authenticity?The food was OK. We split the regular hummus that came with assorted pita bread and veggies. It tasted average store-bought. Though it didn't knock our socks off, hummus is a wonderful (healthier) alternative to your standard late night drunken, fourth-meal, Scottsdale snack. My friend ordered a regular gyro and fries. It looked pretty good and the fries were also average tasting.We ordered the blue mist hookah flavor and a round of Coors Light. The beers came in bottles - I think draft would be a nice touch. The hookah flavor was great and had a solid kick. I was impressed by how long it lasted between 3 people. We noticed the hookah lacked a good clearing mechanism, so the smoke turned stale towards the end. The hoses had a fancy looking mouthpiece to them that we all enjoyed.Overall, I recommend Pita House as a hookah patio. There aren't many in the area, especially ones within decent walking distance to bars and restaurants. I've heard Oasis is good too. If you're looking for Greek or Mediterranean food, it's not top notch, but it may be one of few options nearby. It's a great fall-back and easy-to-spot location when you need it.
3	A decent substitute for Pita Jungle. Prices are a bit high for what you get compared to Pita Jungle. I have only ever gotten Togo food. I imagine it can sometimes be unpleasant to eat there. They allow Hooka smoking on patio. Even picking up my Togo food I have to brave the Hooka smell. Food is pretty good, just might wanna tweak a couple things.
4	one of the best hookah lounge in AZ , i like their shawrma as well diffidently will recommend it to my friends and family
1	So unsatisfied the meat was so under cooked and the service was not good, my food was cold and the hummus dry.  It's never good when you leave a restaurant still hungry.  The rice was not fresh &  I was  so thirsty because my waitress forgot about me.  Overall 2 thumbs down
3	The Food was good, but nothing to go brag about. I didn't know what to expect when I sat down and thought that the Hooka smoke would interfere with my eating, but it didn't. I was reading reviews and I understand why there are a bunch of negative comments about service. Our waitress was nice, but she never checked on us once after she brought us our food. I had to flag her down to get the check, which I felt was doing too much.
4	Have gone here for years, through several owners and the food has been great almost every time. Once in a while they get really skimpy on the portions or seem to lower the quality of the ingredients (change of management? ownership?) but maybe people back off and they realize it and return to the good stuff; not sure. Food is great, prices are decent, portions are generous. Staff is hit or miss and usually hanging out with friends or regulars, making it hard to get attention sometimes, but it's part of the atmosphere. In reference to the take-out comments below, we've begun to do that more only because we can't stand the hookah smoke (sorry hookah peeps!) but that fruit smoke does not mix well with food. They'd be well served to create an outdoor area for the smokers and the non-smokers - especially since cigarette smokers join in as well. Unfortunately, the huge indoor area they have is weird and gross, which is probably why there's never anyone in there. All that said, the food here is good so it's definitely worth trying.
1	I walked in to order carry out and interrupted a waitress smoking her hookah.  She didn't even get up right away to help me, guess she needed a few more hits.  Service is so rude especially for this upper class area.  This place is a hole in the wall.  I had to wait for my food in the same area Miss Congeniality was sucking her hookah with her boyfriend.  The food was just ok, doesn't warrant another visit.
2	Great atmosphere and food but super slow service, pricey drinks, and sometimes you never receive your hookah. Idk if the new ownership knows how to run a smooth service. I miss the old staff and prompt happy service.The good things... belly dancers are entertaining; when you do receive a hookah, it's great, the food is very good and fast once you get to order.  It's too bad they can't get the service to be a little better! Could be an amazing spot!
4	Great place for the weekend nights, drinks, foods, and dancing. Talented DJ, and the GM is a cool guy, female workers aren't that much. Keep an eye out for the owners. Overall, great experience.
4	Walked in and ordered lunch; falafel pita and a side of rice. Would hope it would only take 10 min (since I was the only one there), but it took 20 min (minus half a star). The salad accompanying the pita was meh.. Iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato, a handful of parsley and a vinaigrette. First off, let's get some real lettuce on a salad, f*** this iceberg crap. And how about some veggies? (minus half a star).Now the good. The falafel pita was damn good! Crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside and tons of flavor. The hummus on top completed it. All that served in a pita that was thinner and had a little bit of a crisp to it was tasty. The rice was delicious as well; simple white rice with good seasoning and cooked perfectly. Overall I will be going back, though I may call ahead to minimize the wait.
1	Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
2	I've loved this place for many years. Best hummus ever in my opinion. I love the pickles and olive oil on top. I also loved the chicken Schwarma until everything changed. New owners, staff and new food. The portion size of the hummus became ridiculously tiny but the price remained the same. When my co workers and I would pick up food to go, we could split the hummus. Now, they basically smear a very thin layer on the plate or to go box that is no bigger than a 1/4 inch in thickness. Am I the only one who has noticed this? Now, one hummus barely feeds one person so it's impossible to share. I'm sad and I'll miss the hummus but based on principle I won't go back there. The portion size is a joke. Plus, last time I ordered chicken with it, it was so tough my teeth couldn't cut thru it, ew
3	It wasn't bad, I just don't know what the hell happened. It's almost like a drunk demon holds the place hostage.The restaurant itself is in a somewhat sketchy location. It doesn't seem unsafe but it seems a little off kilter. It's a fairly run down building with tons of bars surrounding the area. Any time after 6:30, you get a bunch of drunk people yelling/fighting at each other. The staff was kind of like if you made Jersey Shore with Persians that had to run a restaurant together.My wife and I walked in to a the beginnings of a shouting match between the manager and a blonde waitress. We were ushered outside by a waitress who handed us our menu (and wasn't quite sure what the things on the menu were) and closed the front door to muffle the shouting a bit. Every time the door opened, a clusterf*ck of profanities spewed from inside. A few minutes later, the blonde waitress ran out of the side door crying and declaring, "I'm leaving, I swear, I'm f*cking leaving." The manager, a buff dude, stormed after her shouting the f bomb a ton. I don't think he used any nouns or articles in whatever he said. Maybe the hookah smoke was confusing him. Eventually they both came back in but the yelling continued off and on.Our food came out 15 minutes later and it was pretty dang good! I was pretty surprised! We never saw our waitress again, but the rest of the staff was pretty nice and checked in on us. It seemed like they just had a bunch of people working there but they didn't have anything else to do. Someone brought us a check, but I don't think he worked there. It was nice of him either way. Probably won't go back, but we got a reasonably priced dinner and a show.
1	This used to be pretty good, now, not so much. The place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice. Not good. The windows were covered in handprints, the sidewalk stained with spills. The blonde waitress kept scratching her head, then went and put our stuff in a to go bag, yuck. I saw the guy preparing the food. He just reached in and grabbed some lettuce bare handed and stuck it in a to go box. That was kind of disgusting too. Real turn offs, I took the food but was too grossed out to eat it, so I just tossed it. No way I would return.
2	Painfully slow service.  When we arrived, there were only 2 other parties - both of whom were inside smoking.  So, we elected to go outside.  It took forever for our waitress to take our order but after she finally did, a few other parties trickled in.  We were there with our kids and intentionally sat away from anyone smoking but, within a short time, others came outside and started smoking so we were surrounded.  We waited and waited for our food and watched while others who came in after us got their food.  At one point, the waitress apologised saying they had a huge party.  Not sure when the huge party got there but, they weren't there when we walked in.  Finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms.  Canned mushrooms.  Gross.  The chicken and sauce were good but seriously?  Canned mushrooms?  How much effort does it take to chop a few fresh mushrooms?I had the gyro salad - it had iceberg lettuce, a couple tomato slices and a few cucumbers.  The gyro meat was good but, really?  iceberg lettuce?  Sigh....  It did come with tzatziki sauce but, I've had better.  This tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made. It was ok but, if you don't want to be inhaling smoke your entire meal, good luck....it seems as there is no place you can go to get away from it.  And the food is just ok.  Probably won't be back.
3	It's getting better. Keep it up!
5	Came here on friday night with my friends. I have to admit that its the best place to hang out. Ordered hookah double apple and shawarma sandwich. Balanced flavors just like back home. Completely remodeled and classy looking. The DJ was amazing he got me dancing all night long. Now i can say there is an amazing middle-eastern place in scottsdale.
4	Great place to order takeout. We have only eaten inside once and I'd rather just take it home. I guess the dine in experience gives this place it's 3 star rating. Other than that, I don't get it. They have great food!
2	Everything I've had there I've had better elsewhere. $7 falafel plate is too pricey (cheap ingredients, in Egypt this plate would cost you only $0.75 based on my personal experience). Dolmades or grape leaves dish was so-so. Finally, gyros isn't fresh off the spit as it should be for the best taste and quality. Based on taste and the identical cuts of each strip of gyros (only 4 measly slices for a $13 plate), I was able to tell the gyros was prepackaged and most likely frozen. Everything was edible at least, but far from what it could be and every item is overpriced due to the size and/or quality. I've got another Greek place in Phoenix area that serves much better Greek/Mediterranean food I'll go to instead.
1	Horrendous, start to finish. Don't bother.
2	hungry at the bars and this place was open around midnight. we sat outside, ordered from a waitress who had the personality of a tin can. forgot 2 of our dishes when our food arrived. i'm sure it would have tasted better if it weren't for the wretched hookah smoke. it didn't seem that bad when we walked onto the patio. but after our food came out, a large crowd of young men sat at the table next to us, ordered 2 hookah's and yech.....we let the food stay on the table. the sweet smokey smell of hookah obliterated any hunger we had. maybe that's why their take out is so popular.
2	This used to be a fav but last few experiences both food and service have been terrible. Will miss this place after being a dedicated patron for 15 years.
