1	Unless you love the smell of mold, urine, and tons of Lysol burning your sinus. Never never stay here. There are defiantly no cozy feelings here, more like the feeling of a crusty old apartment that's been rented out to crack heads who own dogs. Trust me, I had to stay at the comfort inn when i got in at 130 this morning because i could not check in early here. The inn is no palace but is at least comfortable and doesn't smell horrific. Whatever i guess this is my happy home for the next ten days but I'm not sure if i can hack it.
1	Dreary, dirty, smelly.  Got off the elevator to see bags of garbage.  Room and linens stank of cigarettes, despite assurances it was a no smoking room.  Not sure linens had been washed. No amenities, not even shampoo.  The staff kindly moved us to a better room which was only available that night.  I might have tolerated that room because the price was right.  But that was not to be.  No other effort beyond that was made to help us. Left at six in the am and would never return.
2	My friend suggested I stay here while visiting her, since it was close to where she lives. The price considering the other resorts nearby seemed the best I could do financially, so I reserved a room here. No problems with the reservation, or check in. Nothing special really, and "adequate" would be the best way to describe this place. They do have an outdoor pool for the kids. They also have a coffee bar along with bagels and some baked wrapped goods. Again nothing special and I understand that since I made the suggestion of having 2 pots of each coffee ready for guests, they are going to make that change. I noticed people behind me had to wait 10 minutes for a new pot to brew, and when you are in a hurry you don't want to wait that long.My room consisted of a queen bed, a couch and tv and a little dining area of refrigerator with freezer, and some dishes and a small stove. I didn't cook anything while here so I can't comment on the stove.The bathroom has a tub which I appreciated, however no shampoo is provided and I had to go down the following morning to request some. No conditioner is available either. Again, an adequate hair dryer IS provided which was nice to have since I didn't bring one. I didn't know this but they don't provide room service daily, only for people staying more then 7 days I believe. I requested more pillows the next morning, after a sleepless night of tossing and turning on my ironing board comfortable bed. When I returned that evening NON were provided. The next morning I went down to get a cup of coffee, but my coffee consisted of grinds. I told the manager at the front desk who led me back to where they brew the coffee, and got a fresh cup.I also explained how uncomfortable the bed was, and the pillows being so squishy they provided no  support whatsoever. He offered to have them flip the mattress over, but I didn't think that would make a difference. The pillows I requested WERE in the room by my return that evening.I probably would have to stay here again since it is fairly close to my friend, and not far from Scottsdale Blvd which is a major road for everything.  However, if I can find something around the same price, I wouldn't hesitate to go elsewhere.The rooms are clean so no worry there, and the staff is very dedicated to trying to make your stay a good one so I can't fault them for that.However, I think they need to update their beds and pillows, because I am paying to sleep there, and would have loved a great nights sleep.
3	I just got back from my trip in Scottsdale and i was very anxious to write a review for the this hotel which I stayed in for 2 nights. I paid for the room BEFORE reading the reviews which was not a good idea... after reading the reviews I wanted to cancel my reservations and try somewhere else but i thought well I guess I should give this place a try. My pros and cons of the hotel.. pros- good location, kitchen(fridge, microwave, dishes, sink, stove), and extra towels in the bathroom.  that's about all that I liked about the place.Now to the cons- the hallway smelled disgusting-maybe someone was cooking? the staff were okay- I didn't have too much interaction with them,  there was a coffee maker in the room but no coffee pot. the guide/info buttons on the remote were not programmed, the dishwasher was running when I first got to my room but no dishes in it, no paper/pen, no shampoo/conditioner/lotion. Overall you get what you pay for.. that's why its so cheap! Goodluck!
1	This is for anyone staying in room #202. The hotels washer and dryer ate right below where your bed is located and they do their laundry at night so you will not be sleeping. I am a heavy sleeper and can usually sleep through anything but this even woke me up. I called to ask and complain about the noise. They apologized but had one more load. I can not sleep until the load is done. It is still running and it is now 1:55am :( In the morning the front desk said they couldn't move us an that they couldn't move the time they did laundry so basically we are sh#*t out of luck!!! We will never stay here again an I will be calling their executive offices!!!!
5	just got back home and had to share my experience with you guys.the location of this hotel is so convenient, located in a safe and quiet area. the area around the hotel is lighted up at night, and there are 3 different entrances to the hotel you can enter with the room key. it offers a large parking lot for the hotel guests.. a vending machine, a gym, swimming pool, and a laundry room. very easy to reach with public transportation.. actually the hotel reside about 3 minutes away (by walking) from route 80, and about 8 minutes from route 72. easy to travel around town and to reach from the airport. it has a big and comfy bed.. you could drift to sleep easily.about 10 minutes of walking distance from Safeway which opens daily until midnight (plus a lot of restaurants and convenient stores around.. it's in a very central location what makes it easy to reach to almost anywhere else really. yelp and google map can be really helpful here).the staff are very kind. I really did enjoy my two and half weeks stay here.it's a non-smoking hotel nowadays.went total renovationvery clean and quiet.has a free Wi-Fi which i found very useful and fast. this hotel offers so much, and is much like a second home and very affordable priced.Thank you for offering all of this at a great price, you're awesome!
1	I booked a room at the 69th St, Scottsdale, AZ location for the 26th & 27th of November. My wife's parents are in a nursing home a few miles from there and we wanted to make and take them a homemade Thanksgiving dinner. I choose this property due to proximity and the advertised kitchen with full sized refrigerator. I even called ahead to request a ground floor room and confirm a full sized refrigerator and was assured that was what I was going to get. Upon check in the person behind the counter told us we were on the 2nd floor. I explained that we requested and confirmed a ground room floor. His response was that no we had a 2nd room floor. When we got to the room we noticed a very small dorm room sized fridge and a very small microwave. I talked with the front desk about this problem but they offered no solution. Because of the effort we used to haul all of our stuff up to the room we decided to utilize an ice chest we brought for the lack of refrigerator space and try to make best with what we were given. The exhaust fan in the bathroom did not work and the odors escaping into the kitchen forced us to go and buy some spray. Once we started to cook the meal I noticed that the front burner on the stove did not work. Because of the time urgency I was forced to remove, clean and adjust the burner to make it work. After the water started boiling I noticed a brownish colored liquid that was dripping from the hood. I looked underneath and found that it looked like it had never been cleaned and we were getting a mix of condensation and old grease from previous visitors. In the middle of the night the toilet stopped flushing and then, due to the paper thin walls, the neighbors kept us awake til 2 am. The bug screen on the window was shot but only fitted in with all of the other run down and extreme lack of cleaning and maintenance that the rest of the room had. This was my first and last time at an Extended Stay America.  This place is a prime candidate for Hotel Impossible. Beyond disappointed!
