3	This restaurant, serving basque cuisine on the border of downtown and old Montreal, is very popular among the crowd I find myself with in Montreal.  The food is good, but I had problems getting descriptions of the dishes from our server, and in fact, consensus at our table was that what he brought me probably wasn't what I ordered (but it was good, and I was kinda undecided anyway, so many things sounded good!).I really don't like the fact that they push the Sangre do Toro on people -- almost every table had it, and despite my protestations that it was a cheap supermarket table wine, our group got a bottle as our first.  When I picked something else as our second, everyone agreed that it was a marked improvement.The server also suggested the most boring-sounding dishes.  Between the food suggestions and the wine suggestions, I felt a bit like I was in a standard tourist trap.So the food -- 4 stars;  but the service attitude knocks off at least one.  By all means go if you're in the mood for this cuisine, but make sure you do your own work on selecting food & wine, and be ready to roll your eyes at the tourist treatment.
2	Stopped by here today, first day in Montreal,   at the suggestion of the concierge at my hotel.I walked into Old town, which is enjoyable. And did not have a hard time finding the place. The waiters were very kind and did not mind speaking 50/50 French and English with me. ( I am very rusty) I was seated promptly, and received bread, butter and my drink order pretty speedily.I looked over the menu, and decided to go with the tapas, which I was told included risotto, some stew, a (Spanish) tortilla, and a mini-open faced style tuna salad crostini. the waiter was pretty much correct, except, to my chagrin, the risotto with chorizo ended up being replaced with some sort of extremely unappetizing calamari. Points off for the inaccuracy of the dish description, and the indescribably bad, extremely heavy, overly spiced, strange textured calamari, which turns my stomach to think back on. The stew was fine, a bit tough, but good flavour. The tortilla was a bit over spiced too, actually (think too much liquid smoke) and the sort of "tuna crostini" that rounded the dish out seemed to have been sitting out for a bit.The positive was my $5 "green salad" was huge, and the vinaigrette had a lot of interest, not sure what they put in there. It brought out the happy Californian in me to see so many beautiful baby greens. And as I have said, the service was very friendly, and efficient. Strangely, the butter came in little single service plastic tubs, though, which seemed a bit cafeteria style, of such an otherwise trendy spot. Also, The sangria was decent.I will probably not go back, but that is not entirely the fault of the restaurant, it just seems there are better places around for the price. Would have loved to have tasted the chorizo risotto!
4	Oh come on, this place wasn't so bad! In fact it was pretty good.I thought all the dishes were tasty, and they all were plenty of food. We picked our own red wine, so we didn't have to get pushed by the waiters to pick crappy wine. My entree was the dish with chicken and Spanish chorizo. It was definitely excellent. Our desserts were all huge! I got the creme brulee and it was way too much for me to handle.I'd recommend this place for anyone looking to get some French food, Pyrenees style.
5	ok, sorry to skew the ratings on this place, but i had one experience with one dish, and frankly, it was fantastic.  last summer we visited this place and ordered the mussels.  simply, one of the single best meals i have ever had.  simple.  elegant.  perfectly prepared.  after eating it, it's all i wanted to eat.  i was devastated to reach the bottom of the bowl.  i know a single review and a single dish does not make or break a restaurant, but the memory of that meal lives on as one of the best i've ever had.
4	We walked to the Old Town and came across this quaint little restaurant and looks at the menu posted outside.  A waiter came out so we decided to give it a try.Prix fixe was very reasonable.  I tried the liver and it was nicely done in a balsamic vinegar sauce.  I had a glass of Bourgogne Pinot Noir that was nice.  The dessert was a fancy plate with a desert wine soaked cake center.  Nicely done and great value.
5	Ended up here because nearby Venti couldn't accommodate us until 11 pm at 8:30 pm on a Saturday night during busy Grand Prix weekend.   Lucky that we did arrive here.  The staff was amazing- friendly, informative, efficient.  Our wonderful waiter didn't try to oversell us.  I'd keep on suggesting to split things from the menu with my husband, who ordered the paella, but our waiter cautioned me "Madame, he will not be able to finish!".  Who else could get away with calling me a Madame without me kicking them in the shins?!  My brother had flavorful cold melon and mint soup with his prixe fixe.  So good.  Wanted to lick the bowl clean!    Our toddler turned her nose up at the broccoli and leek soup- no worries as the rest of us devoured it.My husband's colleague stopped by on his way out and recommended the chorizo.  A superb recommendation.  I ordered a half portion of the risotto with chorizo and shrimp, but guess who at most of it?  Our bug.  Luckily, I pressed for a salad even though the waiter thought we were getting too much food.  The waiter was delighted that our bug gobbled up most of the the dishes.  Well, ok, so did we.  The paella was chock full of seafood and she had her first octopus there.  She ate several, making me worry that she might choke on it.  For dessert, my brother couldn't decide on the included raspberry mousse or an apple cake which would cost more.  Our trusty waiter steered him towards the mousse which was tasty.  I couldn't decide between any of the many choices and got the classic profiterole.  Stuffed with ice cream.  Chocolate sauce.  SOLD.  Hubby got a lemon sorbet, which the bug promptly hogged.  After a tasty dessert wine, we toddled out of Les Pyrenees.  My favourite restaurant of the trip.
3	Sometimes you end up at a place because it is just there. Maybe your blood sugar has dropped so low that even eating a cough drop can make the difference between a sane functioning person and a version of Jack Nicholson with an axe in the movie "The Shining." I wasn't quite at this point, but I was close. We had passed cafe after tourist filled cafe and then we turned a corner and there stood Les Pyrenees, kind of lonely on the street. Being about 2:30pm only two tables were full (not necessarily a good sign) but unless I got at least a glass of wine to tide me over I was about to become very evil. We stepped up to the menu and the Maitre D' swooped (literally) from inside and asked if we would like to come in. I know I was startled and we said "not yet." I quickly scan the menu - tapas, seafood, lamb...I can't focus...let's just go in, I need a piece of bread, quick. We were quickly seated next to the other two tables maybe they should have spread us out more to make the place look busy? (ok, I will stop nit picking). Anyway, the server stopped by our table and asked if we wanted anything to drink. I couldn't get the word "wine" out of my mouth fast enough. Sensing my sense of urgency - the glass appeared almost immediately as did the bread. I had some random Sauvignon Blanc - but it was actually good and the bread and butter made me feel normal again. Having been to Spain, I was reluctant to order tapas in this location so I settled on Lamb (braised for 12 hours? I can't remember in my hypoglycemic stupor) and my brother decided on a salade, fish soup and shrimp risotto (as you can see I was so out of wack I didn't even order a salad or appetizer as is the norm for me). The salad was fresh (nothing wilted) and had a nice vinaigrette. The fish soup was also quite good, not too rich, not too salty, perfect temperature. Definitely hit the spot on a sunny afternoon. Now the plat principales were brought to the table and to my delight there was quite a bit of lamb. It was tender and well seasoned. My only complaint was regarding the unintentionally crunchy potatoes - just cooking perhaps 10 more minutes would have taken care of that. They were hidden under the lamb (perhaps where they belonged). The risotto was lovely, smooth, creamy, teaming with shrimp (and most important - not crunchy at all). This turned out to be the best risotto I had on this trip. We watched as they brought desserts to the next table - they both looked so delicious. Sadly, we did not partake in this course (and now I am regretting it!). This meal was solid and I thought the price was right. I like the ambiance of the place and we joked around with the wait staff and I had what I called a life saving experience in here. I had no complaints about the service, the food (except those darned crunchy potatoes) and my overall experience was very positive.
4	5 stars by far!!! We stopped for lunch while riding our bikes.  We were not dressed as nearly well as the other patrons.  But Edwardo was very welcoming at the front door even with our 2 kids ages 9 and 11.  We felt out of place.  Since we eat fish and vegetarian not many places have lots of choices, but here they had plenty for us choose from.  My kids ordered the eggplant veggie lasagna and the goat cheese cake with veggies.  They loved it.  Our son Justin wanted to eat every meal there.  I had the mussels which was an incredible value. It was beyond a big bowl for $13.95! Edwardo took great care of us and made feel very welcome in our bike gear.  We would totally go back.  They really deserve a five star rating but Yelp likes to keep things real and favor 4 stars over 5 stars.  So I am trying not get this review filtered.
3	I went here because Gibby's was too busy. It was a quiet, fine dining looking place. The service was fantastic. I ordered the 12hr braised lamb and I thought it was pretty good. My one complaint is the prices are high, but not too much different than the rest of Montreal. I would recommend this place if you can't get in one of the other places like Gibby's. We had a couple of desserts and neither were very good. We also had the tapas appetizer which weren't that great.
2	Staying in old Montreal for two weeks and have eaten at nearly every restaurant surrounding this place (Venti, Bocata and Barroco).  Those restaurants are phenomenal 5 star places that would stand out in Manhattan.  Les Pyrenees however has bland food and poor service and is quite a bit more expensive than the much better restaurants nearby.  Our server really had a bug up her butt for some reason.  It's worth noting that another server, a taller gentleman was very friendly.  He actually ended up getting our check for us and ringing us up.Also worth noting is that their pasta is clearly store bought.  Not the end of the world, but it was $23 and the night before I had hand made Bucatini with bacon and a rich sauce at Venti for $9.
4	This place was not too far from our hotel and when we walked by it was crowded.  We were able to get seats near the front.  I ordered leak and celery cream soup.  It had a nice subtle flavor.  My hubby had the mussels $24.95 and I had rabbit $28.95.  The rabbit was very tender and tasty.  Dessert was a chocolate macaroon $10.25, which was about 6 inches wide and quite good.  Total bill with expresso, no wine, came to $67 without taxes.  We had an enjoyable meal, the wait staff was  attentive and service was good.
5	Yet another fantastic and decadent meal in old Montreal. We started with an anchovies pie - so different and delicious. I had a perfectly grilled cod fillet on a bed of the yummiest spicy chorizo and sun dried tomatoes on risotto.  My boyfriend had fisherman's stew - which had a ton of seafood in a beautiful broth. We were completely satisfied, and impressed with the originality of each dish.  We also liked how relatively inexpensive the meal was. There was no wait, but it was obvious the rest of the patrons were enjoying their meals also. I am glad we didn't wait in line somewhere else.
4	Would highly recommend the squid. Nice ambience for summer, with open windows and ceiling fans. $175 for 4 with wine and dessert.
4	What is this place?  So Daniel wasn't feeling too well, but we were hungry so we chose this place out of the others on this block because of price and also the lighter fare.  Not going to lie, this place was super empty - as in there might have been only two other tables filled.  We decided to take our time, so that we could enjoy, digest, and hopefully have Daniel feeling better before we headed back to the hotel.  Daniel had a salad which he really liked and I had the creamy veggie soup which was good.  For the main dish, Daniel had some sort of Risotto dish that he liked, but I had the couscous wraps and they were like so amazing.  For dessert, I indulged in profiteroles  which were only okay.  The service was a bit slow, but we were slow - they were definitely not rushing us.  I feel like this place might be a bit underrated, but again, it is in one of the top food areas of Montreal.  Definitely give this place a try if you are there, but understand if you do, it's going to be a long meal.
4	Friendly, lively staff combined with a menu that blends traditional and inventive cuisines from the lands where France and Spain meet.  The quality of the dishes we ordered  ranged from good to exceptional. The scallops served in a Spanish choriso butter cream sauce with slivers of roasted vegetables landed at the upper end of exceptional. I'd go back just for that. Bottom line: Good eats, good service, a little loud and a bit more expensive than I'd like makes it 4 stars.
5	Amazing food! But a little expensive.
5	4.5 starsHaven't had a great meal like this for a while. The stuffed chicken with mushroom and cheese sauce was absolutely amazing. It was bursting with flavors of garlic and other spices. The chicken was so tender and sauce, it was easy to tear apart. It was also very nice presentation wise and very appealing to look at. (I was afraid to eat it, than I might ruin it.) There is no doubt its on the expensive side, but when it comes to great food like this, I will pay what I have to. The service was a bit slow, but I understood that they were packed and busy. The servers were very friendly and talkative. In other words, it was definitely worth it.   Moreover, I strongly recommend this place for a nice dinner out.
5	Excellent food! It's a combination of french and spanish (Spain). The portions are quite large, especially for the pasta dishes. The veal pasta and the pasta with muscles were excellent (with white and rose wine respectively). The staff are friendly. Highly recommend this restaurant!
1	So, so bad! Do yourself a favor, walk on by. How in the world can one mess-up a simple creme  de broccoli or a salad...Service : bad (how hard  is it to replace bread?)Food : bad;This is the second and last time that I "eat" at this "restaurant".
4	Stopped in on a snowy evening and was greeted by Joey who was eager to served us the mussels we've craving for a few days in Montreal.  Both Joey and the mussels did not disappoint with a flavorful tomato base with green olives.  Frites were crispy but I wished they were the long thin variety, good nonetheless.The Mahi Mahi Carpaccio was amazing with micro asparagus and a nice delicate vinaigrette on top of two slices of eggplant.  The four tapas assortment equally great mussels salad, duck confit, seafood mousse was good but slightly bland and a honey cheese.Enjoyed our first time at Les Pyrenees.
4	Had the cod and chorizo, and while the risotto was actually orzo, the dish was delicious...wine was good, service was adequate...nice atmosphere inside.  A bit pricey but in line with similar restaurants in the area.  Overall very enjoyable experience!
4	Really great food, attention to detail, and great service. Plenty of vegetarian options too!
4	An extra star for their attentiveness to gluten allergy, and for their kindness in working through my halting French. Solid wine selection and recommendation by server. The ingredients had more potential than the execution. I was dining on my own and the main course arrived lukewarm on a hot plate. The cooking could be better, but it was a good, complete meal, in a pleasant, relaxing environment. A family was celebrating a birthday at the next table and the server added a sparkler to the birthday girl's dessert without being asked -- nice  touch.
4	My favorite restaurant during my business travel in Montreal this spring. Great Spanish, Catalan and French cuisine. Their cassoulet is probably the best in town, makes you feel like dining in Paris.Their menu is a bit expensive at first sight but on the other hand their wine list is affordable (several good Rioja starting at 50$). A selection of private import wines.
3	I decided to try this restaurant as they have a few vegetarian options.  Its located on Rue St Paul, which is the oldest street in Montreal. The restaurant is well decorated and as we were going through the menu, the waitress came out and welcomed us in.The service was good and attentive.  I decided to try one of their vegetarian burgers (picture attached).  It was ok.  I should have tried the couscous I feel.  The burger was a bit bland for my taste.  But I like the fact that there are other vegetarian options to try, and not just one that vegetarians are stuck with.If you are a vegetarian, definitely try out this place. I wasnt too pleased with what I ordered, but I am sure the other entrees would be better.
5	Just stop for lunch I was walking thru St. Paul's, the vegetable soup was great, I ordered. Cod in a garlic and pepper sauce cooked beautifully, the service was excellent no delays at all and a smile in the face, totally recommend this spot for lunch.
3	HUGE portions, more than one person can eat.  Expensive.  Mediocre quality.  Average service.  Poor ambiance.
4	Love the ambiance! Great wine list and good recommendations by our server. We bought a bottle and nursed it for a while and never felt like they were ready for us to scoot. They have plenty of vegetation options, if that's your thing:-) I got the veggie burger which was made from spaghetti squash, red bell peppers, olives, etc. For sure different than any burger I've had in the past. It was served with fries (naturally) and mixed greens, which I appreciated.
