4	I've only ever ridden on the Lynx light rail system, so I can't speak to the other stuff CATS has to offer. But if you're looking to hop a ride uptown for the night, then Lynx is a great option if you live near it.The Lynx is pretty new to Charlotte, only a year or so old, & it's quite popular. If you work uptown & you're looking for a place to live, then living close to the Lynx is a great idea. Also, if you're just heading out uptown for the night, this is a great way to find a cheap way to & from home to the bars. You don't have to worry about driving home after a few drinks, & it's much cheaper than a taxi.There is so much great stuff along the Lynx line other than just uptown too, with plenty of shops & restaurants within walking distance of the Lynx stations.If I were to move to Charlotte, I would definitely try to find a place along the Lynx light rail to live. While you may pay a little more for a place along the line, you'll spend less in gas as you only have to pay for the cheap ride on the light rail. This is a great addition to Charlotte & a great way to get around the city.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of the light rail. In just a year, it's become extremely popular. Tons of people use it to commute to work or to go out uptown. I take the light rail every time I'm going to a Bobcats game or event uptown. Why drive and pay $10 or $20 to park when you can have a designated driver for just $3 roundtrip? If you're taking the rail, allow for plenty of time to buy a ticket. The platforms don't have enough machines and you'll likely have to wait in line to purchase a ticket. Lynx is still so new that the cars are clean and quiet. The bus system, on the other hand, is not as pleasant. I've taken the bus to work before and never really enjoy the experience. The bus has become more and more crowded as gas prices have skyrocketed. The routes are also set up in such a way that it's hard to transfer. You often have to go back to the uptown transit center to transfer.
4	Last night was my first trip on the light rail and I have to say, I am impressed. The trains are frequent and comfortable, the parking (at the Woodlawn station) is plentiful and well lit, and for a $3 round trip, it can not be beat.My ticket was carefully checked by an inspector, so make sure you buy one from the automated machine before boarding. You can not buy a ticket on the train and the fine is steep!I'm not sure why someone would say "Filth" about the Lynx, as the trains I rode were very clean. Drinking, eating and smoking are not permitted. Having ridden the MARTA in Atlanta, the METRO in Washington and the London Underground to compare, Charlotte's system is excellent. There's only the one route (Ballantyne to Uptown) but it does what it advertises - easy transportation from South Charlotte into the city.Four stars... I'm a fan!
5	I've got something very important to say: ATLANTA, GET A CLUE. THIS IS IT.Ride was clean, smooth, quick, and effortless. Pretty cheap and it saved us $15 to park since we wound up in Charlotte during Taste of Charlotte. I'm a huge fan of public transportation, and I'm excited to see this in Charlotte. It's not a full subway system like NYC or Boston, but it's a very fine start and the future projects for the system sound grand.Funny, someone told us that Charlotte incorporated the light rail (along with various performing arts centers) to be more like Atlanta. I've got news for you, Charlotte: You win.
4	I have been getting around Charlotte using CATS, because I want to do the responsible thing and refrain from driving until I can do so without being completely dependent on a GPS (and therefore completely distracted by my phone's map program).  I have been able to get anywhere I want to go using the train and buses.  Maybe this is because my needs aren't too high, but I can get to food, shopping, museums and the various Charlotte area schools at which I may work.  It's been pretty clean and the bus drivers have all been fairly helpful and friendly.  I guess I should mention that I am fairly walking-tolerant, so it doesn't bother me to have to walk several blocks to a bus.  I also have a high tolerance for shady-but-not-dangerous, so that might tint my vision as well.The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because the buses and LYNX do not run very often.  Now, being used to transit in a poorly served area in Chicago, I have a fairly high tolerance for bus-waiting, but I have also been in well served areas of Chicago and know that things could be better, even here in car lovin' Charlotte.  I hope CATS can get whatever funding it needs to expand the LYNX and maybe even run some more buses/trolleys, because it's got promise.
4	One thing I miss about Charlotte: the public transportation system. Especially the light rail. The last two years I lived in Charlotte I used the CATS bus to ride to/from work, eliminating many miles on my car and quite a few traffic headaches. (I DON'T miss Charlotte traffic. Thank goodness Raleigh has no traffic.)  The light rail was great for getting to/from uptown (as long as you were somewhere south), Panthers games, from the VW dealership to work, etc. The fares are extremely reasonable, and the buses and light rail are clean. Parking at the station lots is free, and the City does a great job of helping the traffic of patrons for the Wells Fargo Championship in early May. The downsides are that the light rail doesn't go far enough -- it needs to be more like the Metro system of Washington, D.C. by going out to University City, down to Union County, up to the Birkdale area, and over to the airport. Also, it cost WAY too much taxpayer money for no longer than the track currently is.
4	I'm a big fan of the light rail system.  I just wish they could build it faster!  Sometimes I catch myself just finding an excuse to ride the train into downtown.  Sure it takes extra time to catch it... but it sure beats trying to find a parking deck, paying, road rage, etc.My office use to me downtown so I would ride the express bus from Matthews in the mornings and afternoons.  Man I miss it - having that extra 15-20min of sleeping time was great since the express buses are nice and plush.  The way that CATS has the express buses set up is that it picks up its riders and then there's a straight shot downtown.I've tried using the express buses in the mornings now, but my commute is 1hr if I do that (I have to make a connection in the downtown terminal).  Still it beats driving though.In my book, Charlotte has undergone many changes through the years and the transportation system is just one of the many "nice" features the city can be recognized for.  Can't wait to see what the system looks like in 10-20 more years.
4	Save the planet, go mass transit, right? While this review is solely based on the Lynx light rail system, I know plenty of folks who appreciate and depend on the CATS bus system too. I live only a few blocks from two of the South End light rail stations and I really appreciate it. Hubs and I often spend the affordable $1.50 to hit up Uptown and avoid the sometimes irritating parking dance in Center City. The rail itself is quick, clean and easy and purchasing tickets is a total cinch via the ticket stands. My only minor gripes? For one, the rail doesn't run quite as often as I'd  like. During off times expect to wait up to 20 minutes between trains...which, if you tend to run a bit late, like me, an additional 20 minutes can make you uber late. Oops. Plus, the light rail doesn't run super late on the weekends; I believe the last outbound run is around 1 am, which is late for me, but not for some folks who stay out all hours at EpiCentre.  It goes without being said, but I would use the light rail even more if they extended it to other areas of Charlotte. Here's hoping that comes to fruition in a reasonable amount of time!
3	I've been taking the light rail uptown to work for 2 and a half years, and all in all, I think it's a good system. It does need to be improved, but it is a good addition to the city, and I can't wait until they expand it so I can use it to get to more places. Positives:-Convenience. I happen to live close to a station and work close to a station, so it doesn't get any easier than that. Even if you don't happen to live near a station, there are several Park & Ride stations for you to leave your car and take the train uptown for a night out, a performance, or a game. -In general, the trains are clean, well-kept, well-lit, and not too crowded. I feel safe taking it and waiting by myself at the stations.-For the most part the trains run on-schedule at reasonable intervals. Room for improvement:-The stations provide absolutely no weather coverage. Have you ever missed your train? Because I have more times than I'd like to admit, and have been stuck waiting for the next one in the rain. Yes, I was under the awning, but the awning doesn't do anything. Even the large covering at the Uptown CATS station leaves much to be desired. -The trains need to run later hours, at the very least on the weekend. This is not just for the party crowd either. I work in a restaurant that closes at 11 on the weekends, and sometimes servers don't get out until almost 2 am, especially if they're closing. Sucks for you if the last train left at 1 am. There are groups of people besides the 9-to-5ers that depend on the CATS system to work the night shift.-Trains need to be scheduled better when there are events uptown. Panthers game? Concert at Time Warner? Street festival? SCHEDULE MORE TRAINS. And run a double-length instead of a single-length. I have seen a little bit of effort regarding this, but many a time I am just trying to get home from work and get stuck behind 7,000 kids who just got out of Disney on Ice (see my review for Vida Cantina.)
4	I never thought I would be a public transportation kind of girl but Charlotte turned me into one. After moving to Ballantyne, I had to find a more convenient way to get Uptown in a decent amount of time without the possibility of road rage and there was CATS. CATS offers over 70 bus and rail routes and even offers Express lines to surrounding counties and throughout South and North Charlotte. I used to take the Rea Road Express which ran about every 30-40 minutes between 6A-9A and 4-7P. The first time on the bus I was nervous-do I smile, make eye contact , keep to myself? Most of the people on it were business people going Uptown and after riding for a month, got to know them on a one on one basis. I could read, check emails and listen to my iPod (or occasionally take a nap but if you do this, set an alarm or be sure someone wakes you up). Pleasant experience in my three years of riding for the most part and it took about 40 mins to get Uptown from Rea and 485. Nice people, cushioned seats and only a few times of standing room only on the bus (around the time we ran out of gas in Charlotte). My only gripes were that I wish they had longer hours available for the Express lines and ran on weekends. Now that I think about it is another major gripe was that on the way to work or going home from work, if the bus was ahead of schedule it would sit on the side of the road for a few minutes until it was back on schedule and that didn't sit well with me. I'm trying to get somewhere CATS---take me there who cares if you're ahead of schedule? I moved to Dilworth and started riding the local Selwyn route which was ok---it ran more frequently throughout the day, convenient stops in Uptown however it didn't have the cushioned seats I had grown accustomed to and my booty didn't like that. The main issue is that all the lines seem to go directly to and from the Uptown Transportation Center (which I so affectionately call The Blvd of Broken Dreams--everyone looks super sad to be there) and could use more lines going throughout town (i.e. on 51 or Tyvola) Light Rail is a good concept however with one line down to South and 485, it really isn't convenient to a major chunk of the Charlotte population. If we were to have a light rail system like Portland where they have multiple lines going to the city and other areas from the airport, we could be so much more. Light Rail is packed on game days and late night with people heading from Uptown and always provides good people watching experience (like one dude who was rapping about KFC and Jesus-who knew those two were even so closely related?) When I've been on, it's been an ok experience but think they should run it an hour later to correlate with the hours of bars closing. Worrying about catching the last train while trying to enjoy an adult beverage isn't exactly a happy thought. From what I've heard about in other cities, we have a pretty nice public transportation system. Take a chance ......and a ride on CATS---our tax dollars are going to it so why not?!
4	I am a huge fan of the Light Rail.  I mean, how can you really beat a $1.50 for a ride?  The train cars are clean and they run just about every 7 mins during peak hours.  They even have sections to store your bike if you need to.  I just would like for it to travel at a faster speed.  Thats all.  It stops right at the Epicenter and Bobcats arena.  Jackpot!PS.  Im not sure if the Gold Rush Trolley falls under CATS but that is pretty sweet too.  Free shuttle around uptown!!  Niiiiiiiiice.-Ian M.
4	With gas prices increasing, and rush hour traffic being worse than ever, I take the express bus from Huntersville to uptown almost every day. For $2.40 or $2 if you buy a 10 ride pass from local supermarkets, I get a nonstop ride and dropped off 2 blocks from work. There are express buses from Mooresville, Cornelius, Huntersville, Concord, University(I believe,) and even Rock Hill. These are nice buses too, nice seats with overhead lights for that early morning book reading and well air conditioned. Do yourself a favor---find your local park and ride, go to CATS homepage and find your bus schedule, and save yourself some $$ and help clear the roads.  Buses run every 30 minutes or so in the AM, every hour during the day, and about every 15 min-30 min during go home time(3pm-6ish).  I believe they run until about 8pm.  Nice for that after work nap during the ride back to the park and ride too. =)
4	In light of the gas prices being out of control and the fact that parking uptown is ridiculously expensive, I started riding the Express bus a few years ago and still purchase 10-ride passes pre-tax each month (as they are cheaper then the monthly pass and better for me as I work from home a couple of days a week and don't use the bus on the weekends). I really enjoy the ease with which I'm able to catch the bus a mile from my house, then totally zone out, nap (it's true), catch up on some work or read a book/magazine while someone else takes care of the driving. And the Express bus is clean, has fewer stops, and drops me two blocks from my office. In terms of cost, the Express bus is a bit more expensive then the city bus, but totally worth the time saved; I don't mind paying a bit more for less stops, the commuter clientele and cushy seats.As the Express bus only runs during peak commuting times, I've had to take the city bus twice, and would still give that three stars. And I've had the opportunity to use the light rail as well, which seems to be relatively busy at all times of the day (and night)...but is also delightful. All CATS options offer a place to store your bike onboard while riding, which is a nice perk.If you're trying to go-green (or save some), I highly recommend checking into CATS.   With a minimal amount of effort, you could make your commute a much more pleasant experience.
4	Yelpers commenting on the Charlotte Area Transportation System, please visit the facebook group supporting expansion of Charlotte's Light Rail lines and installation of the Streetcar.  Link is below:https://www.facebook.com/pages/Charlotteans-for-the-Streetcar-and-Light-Rail-expansion/146636445353948?ref=ts
4	I love the bus.  No doubt about it.  I catch the 77X from H-ville to and from work and love the option to work, sleep, read, play angry birds, write Yelp reviews, etc. during my commute.  So totally relaxing vs. fighting that traffic in my car.  Not paying for parking, gas, wear and tear on the vehicle?  No brainer.I'd give 5 stars if there were rail that made its way up here to the hinterlands.  Look forward to that day!
3	In the east end of downtown Charlotte, this place is in a very good location.  It's mainly for the public transportation system.  It's also really close to different venues in the area.
5	I love the lightrail.  I'm one of the lucky south Charlotte individuals who benefit from this service.  I'm just sorry that the city made this move to implement a rail system right before the bubble burst on the economy.  I don't see expansion happening anytime soon, what with the muni-bond market looking like it does.  And that's really the only way to fund any type of real expansion to the north and the east.  I forsee this being a problem with the Lightrail's current expansion plans. Trains are always clean and secure...CATS has contracted with Allied Barton Security to staff the light rail at all times with armed security...not that the CLT is a dangerous place, but its a nice security blanket to have, especially when riding late night.  You may even get lucky and have one of the funny train operators in the morning and evening work commutes.  You can tell some of these guys really love their jobs!If I'm on more of a set work schedule (which isn't often), the express routes to/from south charlotte are great!  82x is a great service for south charlotte, and beyond (they go all the way to Rock Hill)!  Word of advice; the tickets/passes for the express routes are an extra charge.  Don't try to get on the bus with a normal monthly Blue Line/ Local pass, or you may find yourself walking!
3	I like the Charlotte light rail system, even though so far only one straight line has been built.  There are some flaws with it though.  It should run past 485 to close to Carolina Place Mall.  There also should be at least one "east/west" line somewhere, like right down the middle of the medians of WT Harris Blvd.  Regardless, I moved out of Charlotte to Fort Mill four months before the light rail began, but I still take advantage of it.  It's not advantageous for getting to work from my house, but it is great to get from my house to uptown.  I also work close to the Woodlawn Station, so the light rail is usually a no-brainer when heading uptown, especially when gas is over $3 per gallon.I haven't been on a CATS bus and I've lived in metro Charlotte for over 10 years.  That's not to say I have a thing against buses; I took one to college almost every day in WNY.  The problem here is that there are only express buses that run to SC, despite the name CHARLOTTE AREA Transit System.  Also, it can take forever to get somewhere on a CATS bus after reviewing their schedules.  If they added more routes to SC and ran the routes in the city often, they would get 5 stars.  I'm looking forward to the next light rail line to UNCC hopefully opening in the next few years.  It takes quite a bit of time and gas for me to get to UNCC area, but the light rail would make it super easy.
4	The LYNX is so awesome.  Parked (free!) at Scaleybark, rode into Uptown for a crowded day at Taste of Charlotte that I probably never would have gone to otherwise.  We need the Blue Line up to UNC Charlotte and the trolley out to the east, and I'll never drive my car again!
4	Ok, I have lived in the area for over 10 years and never took a CATS bus until Saturday.  I took a Buffalo Metro bus almost every day to college (although it was often an express bus) so I am not adverse to buses.  My little community college was very close to the downtown transit center there, and the transit center in uptown Charlotte reminded me a lot of it.  The reason I took a Charlotte bus is because I wanted to go to Noda Brewing's grand opening but not worry about my car.  I took the light rail into uptown, and then took the 23 bus (easy to remember because it was MJ's number) along North Davidson.  My wife picked me up from the brewery and we went and had dinner, so it worked out nice.Here are the good things:  Right underneath the CTC/Arena light rail station are somewhat clean public restrooms which can be hard to find uptown.  Transferring from the light rail to bus is free so that was really cool.  It was only a mile or two to 26th and NoDa.Here are the bad things:  Buses stop a lot, sometimes for seemingly no reason.  It stopped at the bus depot just outside of uptown and waited for like 5 minutes to see if anyone needed to get on from a connecting bus (no one did).  Public transit was a lot nicer before everyone had portable phones.  I used to be able to sleep or do homework on a bus.  There is no way I could do that now.  The buses in Charlotte (or at least this one) seemed kind of small.Despite the negatives, for $1.75, I was able to go 12-13 miles in about 45 minutes and drink without worrying about my car.  I am glad I gave the bus experience a try and will do it again, but I can also see why trains appeal to more people (faster, less stops, and they don't get stuck in traffic).
4	I'm really impressed by the Charlotte transportation system.  Since I've moved uptown, I've used it on many occasions from the light rail, to the good old regular bus and the Sprinter line to the airport.  Since I'm not used to taking public transportation, I was a bit nervous about catching the correct bus.  I decided to call CATS and they were *extremely* helpful.  I basically said, "I see a bus stop outside my window, and I have no idea what it's called or where it goes."  The representative figured out which one it was and told me where I could go from there!  I've taken it to the University area which was a bit cramped on the way back during rush hour, and there were a few "interesting" passengers.  Nevertheless, it got the job done.  The light rail is fabulous; however, as Nicole W., mentioned, I wish it had more stops and ran at more times.  It doesn't make sense to me that it stops running at 1 AM when the bars close at 2 AM.  My absolute new fav though is the Sprinter.  It is freaking awesome!  The last time I didn't have a ride to the airport, I paid a $25 flat fee cab ride from uptown and of course left an additional tip.  The Sprinter bus is $1.75 and only .85 cents if you have a student ID!  It runs every 20/30 minutes depending on the time and day so I think it's pretty convenient.  Bonus for me - it stops right outside my apartment complex!
5	I went to UNCC and lived in the area years later.  Never once took a bus anywhere.  20+ yrs later I came down for a Panthers game.  Parked at Tyvola (FOR FREE).  rode the light rail to uptown.  No waiting for an extra train,  no drunks or homeless camping out in the cars.  No bangers or dealers in the parking lots.  TAKE THAT BART.  Great job Charlotte.
4	Living in Atlanta and working in Charlotte I like to use public transportation often ( outrageous gas prices don't hurt either) and I think Charlotte's bus system is miles ahead of Atlanta, the only problem I have is the groups of kids hanging around twice I've been here and seen massive group fights. I know its a transportation center but they should have a time limit on amount of hang around time. Other than that this is one of the best bus systems I've been on
4	I don't like that they recently raised the prices, but overall, CATS is a decent transit system. You got to have alot of patience riding the buses, especially if you depend on them all the time (like I do). The LYNX is also great, but a light rail from the University area first would've been better. Traffic can get insane in that part.
2	Once again, CATS increased its fares.  What started out as a $3 roundtrip light rail ticket is now $4.40.  This would not be so bad except that the fare is exactly the same regardless if you are going one station up or the entire length of the line. When you get a few people together, driving is actually more economical and easier.  Also, with the increased fares, you would think that everything would be operational.  On July 4th, a train that we were on broke down.  I was going to take the rail to the soccer game yesterday but half of the ticket machines were broke so there were lines at the ones that did.  One of the working ones was also selling only one way tickets.  I tried going to a different station and only one of the two machines was working there.  I drove uptown, parked for free, and it was much more comfortable and easier than being squished like sardines in a train car.  I won't say that I'll never ride the rail again, but the consumer value for me is not worth it anymore.
