4	We grab a bite here usually a couple times a month. The service is always quick and on the ball. The food is your typical Roberto's which means freshly made and lots of grub for your $$$. My personal favorite is the California Burrito and I suggest you get one too!
4	I know I know! I disliked Roberto's because I felt that there food was too oily. However, these past few days I have been binging on some food and I can't believe how much I fell in love with the chicken tacos! I can't believe they are so darn good and crispy fried! In addition, the chicken rolled tacos was even more filthy delicious considering it was slapped on with avocado sauce and sour cream.  Yes, I am reverting back to liking Mr. Roberto's!
3	Another Roberto's!There's no difference to me between this location and the one on Blue Diamond, except for the fact that it has a little bit more seating.Still a solid late night choice for food. Hell yeah.
3	I think this place is good for that quick take out on the way home from work. I will say the food was good and fresh and at a reasonable price. This is a newer location with a large open window to look into the kitchen as your food is being prepared. Now here is the bad part and the reason behind the loss of stars. The prep cook was dicing tomatoes all the while he had a phone between he shoulder and ear. Ding ding Health code violation and on that note the new regulations state that no employee can prepare food with bare hands. Well not one employee had gloves on. This is a big NO-NO as I am in the restaurant business. For now I will go to the Roberto's on Blue Diamond as i have never seen them break this many health code violations.
5	I only get one thing here, the California Burrito. As far as I am concerned it's the only thing on the menu. I go at least once a week and they nw know me by name.
4	OK so being that I can cook really good Mexican food( or obtain it thru family) I am usually harsh when rating places like this. But when first walking in I was amazed by how clean it was. Also the staff was super super friendly like showing us the size of the tacos and quesadillas. I got the chicken taquitos and I have to say the freaking guacamole is amazing!!!! The rice and beans were very mediocre and lacked flavor. But my taquitos and hubby's asada tacos were pretty good. I also liked that they have orange soda. If grape soda would have been present I would have given this review 5 stars. All in all for a Robertos chain it was pretty good and Ill be coming back!
4	What I expect from a robertos. They have good service and good food.
3	We go here quite a bit due to convenience. I think the quality's gone down a bit since they first opened. The food's decent but nothing really stand out, the service is mediocre but they're fairly quick and close to our house.The California burrito served at other locations includes sour cream and guac, not at this one though they charge you extra.
5	I love Roberto's...mainly because me being a bartender I get off at about two in the morning and this place is always open :]
4	Stop at Roberto's about 3 to 4 times a month.  Several reasons, Love Mexican food n this meal totally fits the bill. Very convenient to my home and reasonably priced. Finally  golden spoon yogurt that's next door makes a great desert!
3	Perfectly tasty quick Mexican food.  Awesome that they're open 24hrs, and they run good weekly specials.  Food's always a little on the salty side, but usually pretty decent flavor.  The people that work there are friendly too, and usually pretty prompt with the counter service.
3	Oh Roberto's! I can't even begin to count the number of times you have been there to satisfy my drunk munchies! HAHA this location is conveniently open 24 hours and is clean & fast! The best thing on the menu is the Carne Asada Nachos!!! Mmmm! But if I'm feeling like I should be somewhat "healthier...." i get the Carne Asada Plate LOL Although Roberto's & "healthier" shouldn't even be in the same sentence.. I will say though.. One time I came when they were cleaning the whole kitchen and so the flat top grill was turned off.. They cooked our food in a separate frying pan which I've never seen them do and the food came out not so great.. So if you go when they are cleaning I suggest you take a rain check~ Muy delicioso~
4	I was a regular of Roberto's in the early 2000's when I first lived in Vegas.  After having moved all over most of the Southwest, I could not wait to return to Roberto's when I decided on moving back to Vegas.  The flavor of this cheap and easy Mexican venue is something that no other town or chain can replicate!  There are not many options for a full-course mexican meal at 3am, for a decent price.  My only advice is early morning hours, they are rather slow.  I will often stop in here on my way to work and load up for the day and the service isn't quite ready for prime time.  Food quality is still good though!
4	The girlfriend and I go here at least once/week. I've only had the California Burrito and cannot recommend it enough. Friendly staff (they know my order when I walk in) and great burritos.
5	Robertos is really good. We just ordered 15 chicken tacos and they were all so good.The service is always outstanding and the emoloyees are alway very nice.Price wise it is  very cheap, this is the only Robertos that I will go to.(all the others are a little off)The only Negative is they have a lot of oil or grease. They need to let the food drain for just a tad bit.Enjoy :)
4	It was a sad day when my other favorite taco shop closed down, but then I found Roberto's Taco Shop just down the street and things started looking up again. Another 24 hour local taco shop to satisfy your cravings at any hour of the day or night...whether you want a breakfast burrito with eggs, cheese, potatoes and any meat you like (chorizo, bacon, or sausage) or you rather come in for lunch and get a carne asada or carnitas burrito, or a late night snack of fish tacos, then you have found your place. The service is fast and they have a serve yourself salsa bar with both green and red salsa and of course their selection of pickled carrots and jalapenos.One item that I know I want to try on the menu is their carne asada fries...definitely something that I used to get back in LA and San Diego at all the local taco shops.
4	Carne asada burrito is awesome!
4	Still a great place for cheap mexican food. had a carne asada chimichanga for the first time ever. It was glorious. Taking a burrito and deep frying it is genius. period.
5	Open 24hrs with really good food
5	I switch between going to this location and the one at Fort Apache and Trop, but they are equally good and both open 24 hours. My regular order is 3 beef tacos with plenty of green salsa on the side. The salsa is a bit spicy for me yet delicious! Also the horchata here is perfect.... not too sweet, not too watery. I have also fallen in love with the chicken burrito. It sounds like it could be plain but the chicken is shredded and so juicy, and also having tons of onions and peppers leaves me in heaven. Also a fan of a good ol' bean and cheese burrito and beef taquitos.The prices are very fair too, even though they were raised about a month ago. I believe the beef tacos were $3.05 before and now are $3.35. Not a huge change and I would much rather they raise prices a bit than decrease portion sizes. My only real beef so far is that burrito sizes vary. Sometimes it is very generous, sometimes not, so you never know exactly how much you'll get.Also a note that Roberto's serves their menudo on the bone. I love menudo but hate eating it off the bone, and once heard some unknowing customer complain to them about how she was eating their menudo and almost chipped her tooth on the bone. She acted like a douche about it, so.... "if you don't know, now you know!"
4	Ahh, Roberto's. Can't go wrong with the staple Mexican food offered here. Affordable prices, big portions, and the horchata is always a winner! Oh, it's also open 24-hours. We need one of these in Hawaii!
1	You would think a taco shop would have better tacos than Jack in the Box, but JIB wins over this place.  I had 3 tacos (one beef, and two steak).  The beef taco was incredibly greasy, malformed, and had little flavor.  The two steak tacos had a chewy mystery meat, and were also lacking flavor.....I won't be back.
3	3 chicken rolled tacos for only $2.25 with no guacamole. hands down the best 24 hrs taco shop to go to. Love begging my friends to take me after a long night of clubbing. You can also pick up a Las vegas weekly for free at every location. The magazine is a local thing and its a Great way to see whats going happening in almost everywhere in vegas
2	I love the food... however, every time we order our food to go the order is wrong... EVERY time.  Even three ingredients, how do you mess that up?  I am defeated... I can no longer be tempted by the thought of enjoying one of Roberto's greasy burritos in the comfort of my own home...  Always a disappointment.
5	I've tried a few items off their menu and the burritos are pretty good but if your looking for something affordable and delicious try the 1$ tacos every Wednesday!!!! So damn good!
1	Use to frequent this location, but will no longer give my business to this location and/or if other locations do the same, then I am through with all of them! I decided to start ordering their breakfast burritos, which are actually good. However, I ordered such with requesting using chorizo instead of bacon; only to be charged an additional $2.25 for said substitution, totally ridiculous. Upon contacting the owner, he explained that they cannot provide for every type of burrito on their menu; thus they start from the base meat burrito price then add for the extras; i.e. the chorizo, cheese, potato. First of all the normal meat breakfast burrito already has the cheese and potato in it, all I asked for was instead of the bacon use chorizo; as we all know bacon cost twice as much as any chorizo. Not to give the employees the ability to think on their feet and make a simple substitution is just as ridiculous as the additional charge, which in actuality would have saved them money; chorizo vs bacon. In closing, this location is owned by an individual whom is void of restaurant and customer service skills!
3	Robertos is a great stop at 3am for a taco or two.  I like to eat here when I'm too lazy to fry my own shells and shred meat for dinner.
3	I love how a taco shop that originated in San Diego ended up having three times the number of locations in Las Vegas.  Maybe it's because they realized the untapped potential of the drunk Mexican food market in the desert.  Maybe it's because they just can't compare to Mexican food in SD (ok this isn't really a maybe, it's true...more on this in a second).  In the end, I still appreciate that it's around.Basically, the only time I've ever come here is one of two alternatives: (1) after getting back from a bender on the Strip or (2) after a bender the night before, struggling with hunger in the morning, and realizing that it's the cheapest and fastest food option available.  Regardless of the scenario, it always gets the job done.  Solid enough California burrito and super fries.  And most importantly, cheap!But remember, don't expect the best Mexican food ever here.  You're only here because you needed to have Mexican food or else you would've died.
1	Ordered a beef taco combo and a burrito combo. The taco was greasy and not appealing. I didn't even attempt to eat the other one. Halfway through my boyfriend's burrito he found a wooden stick inside. Not cool. Overall a bad experience at this Roberto's. Don't think I will come back here anytime soon.
2	I am not really a fan of this place. The beans are really runny and it kind of taste like canned food or boxed food. The price are good though just depends how you like your Mexican food really.
3	I was craving Mexican food I ordered the taco salad with carnitas so yummy and a bean and cheese burrito ...I know I'm a fatty lol. I like the refried beans here .craving mexican food come here inexpensive and good
1	What a RIP OFF! you can order a carne asada burrito for 5 bucks try ordering the same thing without the damn meat cuz you're a vegetarian and these bastards charge you a la carte for each item. Comes out to over $11.... Thanks but no thanks. I have been here several times and always the same result. Im a bartender and used to recommend them to everyone... Now I tell everybody they are thieves!
4	Staff is always friendly, food is always good, I personally love the chile reino burrito. It's the best!
2	Hmmm..it's hard trying to write this review. I mean, it's Roberto's, come on. This particular location looks better, appearance wise. It's open 24 hours and I've always had good experiences at other Roberto's. My son normally eats Roberto's too but on this particular night, he refused to eat here. Was it a sign? I ordered a shredded beef burrito and it was completely soggy and leaking when I received it. It resembled a stew burrito. I wasn't even halfway done with it when it started coming completely apart. That's a first. I got fed up and just took the rest home. I went to bed and my husband ate what was left of the burrito.The next morning we both woke up and we were sick. I'm pretty sure it was the food since my son was the only one who refused to eat here and he was fine and dandy. I'll probably give them another try but my first experience here was very unpleasant.
5	I am in Heaven right now! My grandmother passed away over 10 years ago and this is the first place with good that taste just like hers. I am in love and can't wait to have their food again (and again and again and again)!
5	Carne Asada Nachos for the win ALWAYS
5	Amazing service, delicious food and always fast! Favorites are burritos for breakfast ham or chorizo is always good. Love the rolled tacos.
1	robertos sucks
2	This is not a good Mexican food. Wack. Over priced. The tacos have lots of meat but they are not good. Tortillas taste old. Burrito too much green peppers.:(
5	Excellent,  food and service! I recommend taco Wednesdays.  Their busy but fast and the chicken tacos are perfect.
1	got a chorizo burrito went home started grubbin down and as i was eating i didnt taste no sausage thought to myself oh its somewhere in the middle then as i kept eating still all egg.. came back to the store told them and didnt get a refund or another chorizo burrito.. had to eat carls jr next door... very disappointed
