5	This is my favorite pizza place in my 'hood.Nuclear fries and Deep Dish with pepperoni.So, I've been a patron of Metro since High School. (major date hang out) And the one on Decatur and Flamingo is still my favorite location.  They have this great seating section with a drive in movie theme that is retro without making you annoyed, it's just cool.It certainly has a malt shop aesthetic but thankfully, no waitresses named Flo and no one Karaoke singing on top of tables for tips.  The Pizza is awesome, and I think I would go so far to say that it's Vegas' original Pizza Joint.
5	Easily the best pizza in Las Vegas.  There are so many different types of pizza to choose from!  If you love pizza, this is it.......you can get Chicago Style Deep Dish.....New York style thin, where you must fold the slice.....Sicilian style......whatever you like.  It's awesome and always packed.  I recommend showing up early or late....if you show up during peak lunch or dinner hours you'll be waiting a while.  it's worth the wait though.
4	Metro pizza has been around since I moved here almost 20 years ago.  They've always had extremely good quality for a reasonable price.  The two locations I've been to have a New York style decor and a very friendly environment.Recently, a couple co-workers and I decided to order from there for lunch.  I chose one of the stuffed pizzas called "The Loop", which references Chicago deep dish pizzas.  However, their stuffed pizzas are nothing like deep dish pizzas from Chicago.  From the description on the menu, this calzone-like dish comes with sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms, and cheese (all my fav pizza toppings) stuffed inside a doughy shell.When the delivery guy showed up I was starving and couldn't wait to dig in.  Upon opening the mini pizza box, I found exactly what the description foretold.  This thing was so big (I got the smaller sized one) that I could only eat half.  It also comes with your choice of dipping sauce, marinara or meat.  However, it is ridiculously greasy.  So much so that it bled through the box and even through the wax paper underneath it.  Overall it was excellent.  It was even good the next day since I only ate half.Additionally, I highly recommend the parmesan-romano fries.  It's just french fries, but they cover them in the above mentioned cheeses and fresh garlic.  They come served with ranch.
5	My wife and I first discovered Metro Pizza when we met in Las Vegas in December of '06.  The pizza there was so fantastic (we had the "Gotham") that when we were married here in March of '08 we needed to find the place again.Are we glad we did!  This time we had the "Stockyard", a stuffed pizza with pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, and dipping sauce on the side.  It was so big that we could only eat one piece each.  What was left over made up about three meals over the next couple of days.  My wife and I have decided to make a pilgrimage to Metro Pizza annually as a great way to celebrate our anniversary.  These guys have a lot more than just pizza and I am looking forward to trying the other stuff on their menu.  You gotta go here on your next trip to Vegas!
4	there are only two reasons to come to metro pizza: the first is a little slice of heaven called "pasta pie"; the other is the garlic fries!! outside of those two items i can give no advice. that being said, i don't care if i can't talk on anything else because i will never order anything other than a pasta pie! i'm only in vegas four times a year, if that; so this is one of my MUST HAVES when i'm in town!metro is kind of cheesy 80s colors with some florescent lights. the glowing sign will guide you to a pasta pie happy ending. the big booths in the back are great for larger parties; especially once those tummies are filled on said pasta pie! although the pizza is a tad pricey; it's quite difficult to finish more than a slice and a half. i recommend getting a pasta pie on your first night in vegas, then you'll have late night meals for the next couple of days! HOOOOOOOORAAAAY!
4	I read mixed reviews for this place but ultimately, after all the pizza I've eaten in my life, I'm going to say this place is actually pretty darn good. We tried The Original which is a stuffed pizza with cheese, rigatoni, sauce, and more cheese and whatever else you want to put in it. The crust is also very yummy...We added meatballs to half and loved it. The small size was only $12.50 and we had that for dinner and lunch the next day. The garlic fries were pathetic. I can sprinkle my own Kraft parmesean on mediocre fries at home and they would have been better. Overall, we thought it was good. And we will go back.
3	Metro pizza is a Las Vegas locals pizza place. It's NOT cheap but they are pretty consistent.Most recently we had a lunch caterered in at work and everything was quite good.The delivery & setup man was fantastic he made sure we had everything and extra.We ordered the salad, garlic knots, baked ziti and chicken parmesan. The food was hot,cheesy and the chicken had crunch. I couldn't find myself shelling out $40 for pizza & breadsticks but it was a nice treat.
5	In the old days the ride to Vegas was filled with thoughts of shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate. Now it's a run to Metro Pizza. The old New York with sauce on top of the cheese is especially good. Others have remarked it's pricy. Yeah, SO? This pizza is worth it. In my top 10.
4	This is my favorite location in the city.  1, because it is the one closest to my brother's house, and 2, it is just far enough away from the strip to be devoid of most tourists.  I've eaten here over a dozen times and somehow never had to wait. I first found out about this place from my neighbor, Casey, who I owed a favor.   I asked if he wanted anything from The Vegas, and he said a loaf of bread from Metro Pizza.   It was the beginning of the end.The crust is thick-ish, which is usually not my style, but the taste of the crust is absolutely magical.  It is the same as the bread, which is also amazing.   They give you some of this bread, toasted to perfection, while you wait for your food to come.I haven't had a bad pizza here.  They have the option of pre-fab specialty pizzas like the New Orleans (shrimp, garlic, roma tomatoes) or the Napa Valley (white pizza with zucchini and proscuitto), or stuffed pizzas, or you can build your own (my poison of choice being pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives, extra sauce).In addition to being a ranch lover, I am also a sauce whore.  I ask for extra sauce and they always give it to me, and it is delicious!!  I have never had anything but excellent service here, including nice chat from servers, and even once, when I was in a HUGE hurry, having them pack up three loaves of bread for me (after a short and efficient phone call) so that I was able to run in, throw my money on the counter, grab, the bag, and go. A word of warning (and the ONLY reason this place doesn't get 5 stars), for some reason, this pizza is at its best in the restaurant.  It doesn't hold up as well as take out, and it doesn't reheat very well.  I don't know what it is about it....but it makes me sad because it is SO GOOD as dine in pizza, and I love to stretch my meals.  I'm not saying I won't take it home, reheat it, and eat it...but it really just isn't as good. It is still some of my favorite pizza in the world, and when I am in town, I always make a stop here.
3	I was in charge of the hotel pizza party for my g-friend's bachelorette party July 2009.  This pizzeria was was of our limited options because of their delivery service to the strip. We ordered 3 large pizzas for 7 girls (including an 8-month pregnant girl): The Green Valley for the vegetarians, and the Fra Viavolo which had grilled shrimp, calamari and spicy italian tomato sauch for the not-so vegetarians, and a regular cheese for the minalmalists.  This was definitely alot of food to carry us for several meals to cure our morning hang-overs.   Service and staff were pleasant and above-satisfactory.  Delivery guy was very friendly and commented we ordered the best pizzas on their menu.  Personally, I thought the pizza was medicre. The best part was the nice crust.  I remember the pizzas being very cheesy and the Fra Divaolo was definitely an interesting choice.  The girls still enjoyed it, especially the bacheorette, which is all that matters!  Definitely worth a try!
4	My second Metro Pizza experience for my own Bachelorette Party weekend was much much better.  I believe it was due to the selection of pizza my bridesmaid ordered.We ordered hawaiian, meat combination, cheese, veggie, and something else. The pizza was great, and I was very happy with the crust and ingrediants.
4	My wife and I ordered a large w/ extra cheese, meatball and mushrooms the other day.  As I was eating this I asked my wife "Why is this pizza so friggin awesome?  We've ordered from here a few times and its never been this good.".  Wife's answer "You always ordered the cheeseless pizza..I always thought this place was great."  Moral of the story blah blah.  You can't go wrong with any pizza here...except for maybe the cheeseless one which is called La Costa or something.
3	Came here for a dinner with a large party. We ordered a bunch of items, some of the favorites were the bleaker pizza, meatball subs with fries, boneless buffalo wings. The buffalo wings were really good and spicy, the pizza was delicious, and I had the ceaser salad also which was good also. They even give you bread before your meal which is pretty good bread. The decor reminds me of the Saved by the Bell Cafe though.
1	Terrible all around! We had the pizza with artichokes, chicken, basil & tomatos. It was horrible! Not only did the pizza have the soggiest crust possible, but the chicken had absolutely no flavor. The service was fine and they kept the drinks filled. I will never go to metro pizza again. Usually when you have terrible food there is a positive, but this place had no positive. I don't know what was worse the food or the decor. Ick!
2	Reviewers were right when they said this place looked like the cafe: The Max from Saved By the Bell.Staff was friendly and attentive enough.This is a fun place to bring kids for a brithday party, but since I don't have any I won't be coming back too soon.I'm still searching for the right pizza..and haven't found one in Las Vegas anyway.I had the Modesto specialty pizza that had roasted mushrooms, garlic, roma tomatoes and sausage on it.The crust was my least favorite, I could taste the oil on the bottom-other than that it was just ok.
5	My favorite pizza in vegas.  Order what they call the "metro" it is has a different dough than other pizzas.  It is hard to describe, it has a thick light airy crust, like what the boarder crust is on a good pizza but its that way on the whole pie.  No matter what you order the pizza is tasty and a everyone I have ever taken there loves it, you can't go wrong.  They also bring you warm delicious french bread as you wait.
3	I really love that there's a review on here (Jane S.) freaking out over how great the bread was, because it was awesome! Easily far and away the stand-out of our meal. Hot, crusty with a nice extra flavor from the sesame seeds... it was just perfect. Had I known that the pizza was just okay, I might have asked for more bread and just eaten that for dinner.Starting the meal with such tasty bread gave us high-hopes for the pizza. My fiance is a Chicago native now living on the east coast and though he has come to love NY-style pizza over the last couple years, he will always love Chicago-style. He noticed that a description for one of the pizzas referenced the White Sox and we HAD to have that one. We also tried a Margarita. Both were fine, but nothing special. I recall not being crazy about the pizza sauce and thinking the crust was average, but the sausage on - I don't know the actual name so we'll call it -  the White Sox pie was pretty good.Overall, you're going there less for the quality and more for the ability to choose from so many different styles. Oh, and the bread. Mmmm, the bread!
4	Been here twice and it never gets old. I had the regular pizza and also the stuffed pizza. They were both great and I see why it triumphed in so many awards!
4	Who would have thunk it.  Top notch Chicago style pizza in Las Vegas?  Um.  Vegas known for buffets and newly sprouted trendy bourgeois restaurants not pizza.  Try the stuffed Stockyard pizza pie it's grande.Take your friends.
5	METRO STYLE!!!!the best!!!
2	With half an hour to kill and a hankerin' for some greasy pizza, I walked into Metro Pizza one afternoon to grab a bite.After having a hostess ask "For you?" when I told her I was looking to get some lunch, I was seated at a table with a checkered tablecloth reminiscent of every other pizza joint I've ever been to.What wasn't familiar, though, was the bizarre decorative choices made in this restaurant, seemingly in the late 80's (which was likely also the last time they cleaned the walls). Imagine cotton-candy blue and pink pastels, and then imagine that they somehow devised a way to make these colors less vibrant. Throw in some neon tubes and a horribly-misplaced wooden wine rack for good measure, and you've got Metro Pizza.Confusing decor aside, I expected a good meal based on my experiences at the Tropicana location. An individual cheese pizza took them a satisfactory amount of time to cook and serve to me, and the staff's disposition was sufficiently cheery (though the bowtie on one of the waiters was a bit creepy). Grease dripping from the folded slice in my hand, I said a quick prayer and took a bite.When I said up top that I wanted some greasy pizza, perhaps I should have been a bit more careful what I wished for. The river that slopped out of this slice of pizza would be enough to clog the arteries of an elephant. Despite the liberal application of pizza grease to this concoction, it didn't taste bad. I likened it to a less-disgusting version of Pistol Pete's (or Chuck-E-Cheese's) pizza, which I always thought was half-decent.If you didn't stop reading my review after that last statement, thanks.I finished my pizza (which must mean it's not that bad, right?) and settled my check, then headed out the door. I left disappointed -- and wanting a shower -- not necessarily because of the food itself (which would merit three stars on its own) but more by the general nastiness and creepiness of the establishment that I had just given twelve dollars.The first thing Metro Pizza needs to do is take everything out of the place and paint the whole thing one color (and not in pastels, please). The cotton-candy walls and columns made my teeth hurt. Also, lose the neon. Nobody likes neon anymore, especially when it matches the pastel walls.Let a bit more light into the place, mop the floors and wipe down the walls every now and then, and they'll have a nicer restaurant on their hands. I can't make a better pizza so I can't tell them how to change theirs, but less gut-busting grease would be nice.If you're going to go to Metro Pizza, go to the one on Tropicana and Maryland. Let this one either realize the mistakes its making, or let it die the death it should have had years ago.
4	This is my favorite Metro Location because I feel like I'm dining on a Save by the Bell set ! Yay for cheesy 80's decor ! We come here for lunch every once in awhile. Their lunch specials are a great deal. Unfortunately they aren't listed on the website, but off the top of my head they are $7.99 . They come with hot bread (as if you need bread to wash your pizza down with, but seriously it's some tasty bread!), a salad, a drink + a decent sized personal pizza. As a bonus, if you're eating low carb or are on a diet, they have crustless pizza. I know it sounds ridiculous to order this, but for us dieters this can be a life saver! It's basically a tall pan filled with sauce, toppings and cheese. MMM. All the pizza taste with way less calories.
4	I have a love/hate relationship with Metro Pizza. I love their food, I've never had any qualms about recommending their food. Service on the other hand has been either spectacular or horrible. That being said, this is the most consistent of the Metro Pizza locations, and as Blair mentioned, its like going to the Max from Saved By the Bell. This has become our local Metro since moving across town, and we go once or twice a month. I've noticed it is never as busy as the E. Tropicana or Green Valley locations, its quieter due to its design, and the service is more consistent. The food is just as good as the other Metro's but the feel is like you are in a one of a kind pizza joint, not a mini chain pizza joint. The pizza is pricey, but its worth it. Our regular order is a small South Side (Chicago style cheese), with a side salad (massive - more than enough for two people with great ranch dressing)...if their are more than two of us, we usually add the nuclear fries, which have a good level of spice to them. Metro isn't the best pizza I've had, but it always hits the spot.
5	I ordered a bunch of food to be delivered to my hotel for a Bachelorette party and I was 100% pleased with what arrived!The thick square cut pizza was the perfect later-that-night-alcohol-soaker-upper. The salad with the pears and candied nuts exceed my expectations of salad meant for a large group (AKA- no iceberg here with fatty ranch dressing here), and the antipasta platter had it all (calalmata olives, artichoke hearts, meats and cheese).Put aside that the food was tasty- it was ridiculously affordable. Sixteen of us ate to our hearts' content for $15 each.  That's UNHEARD of for a dinner in Las Vegas. AND we ate plenty later that night as well. Metro Pizza did a great job helping us gage it so that we could have leftovers. Definitely recommending this to any dear soul throwing a Bachelorette/Bachelor party (like Courtney, hi Courtney)...
4	As I'm not a big fan of pizza in general, I haven't had Metro Pizza in years.  I think the last time I had it, I lived somewhere else in town, so that was 2006.  Anyway, my girlfriend was fiending for some pizza, and Meto Pizza was open until 10pm, AND it was on the way to where we were going.  I'm glad we stopped in.  We got The Metro, which is a deep dish style pizza.  We had the small pizza, billed on the menu as "individual."  Well my girlfriend and I were both stuffed and had a slice or two left over.  $11 for the pizza, so a pretty cheap meal for two.  I'll be back to try their other varieties... at some point.
4	Metro Pizza has one of the best lunch deals in town. For right around $8 you can get a personal pizza, a small salad, bread AND a drink. I have never gotten anything other then this lunch special from Metro because to me, that's pretty much unbeatable. The pizza is good, not exactly mind-blowingly amazing, but good. The thing that gets me every time is the house salad dressing. I need to find out if it's made in house or purchased because that stuff is delicious. I always use the bread that comes with my lunch special to soak up any remaining dressing. Mmmm. I have been to Metro a couple times with co-workers and shared some appetizers. The only one that stands out is the nuclear fries. They aren't messing around, those bad boys are hot. Or I am a wuss. Or both. Service is always great though, and my 'I refuse to grow up' inner child always has fun drawing on the paper table covers with crayons.
5	Great place with lots of specials and great people. It may be a hole in the wall compared to other Vegas eating options, but I like to review the little guys who deserve it when the food is this good, pizza is great, both thin crust and stuffed Chicago style. Salad was great,  beers, Bar it was all good!!
5	This is one of the first original Metro Pizza locations. It still holds up and the pizza is the best.
3	So when my gf and I were in Vegas a couple weeks ago, we were craving pizza, but at the same time, didn't want to drive all the way to Henderson for Montesano's (still my favorite pizza in Vegas).I checked out Yelp and this place popped up. I didn't realize that they're a chain until we got here. We ordered two large one topping pizza's to go. One with mushrooms and the other pepperoni, both very very good! I don't know if they have thick crust, but ours were on the thinner side.I wasn't really paying attention, but since we were staying on the strip, their location inside Ellis Island would've been a little closer to us. One thing about the place; our total came out to $30 bucks plus tax for two large one topping pizzas, I don't know I think that's sort of on the high side for to-go pizza.
2	Been visiting this spot for over 10 years.  Was my favorite local spot but got to say, the quality has gone way down.
5	This is our favorite Metro to go to.  There are prettier new locations, but the decor of this location keeps us coming back.  We affectionately call it the "ghetto" Metro.  A run down looking throw back to the 80's. But the pizza is the best and we've never had any real problems with the staff.  We usually go during 1/2 price time and the quantity of toppings and overall quality are never skimped on.  Same as their full price pizzas.  The are a bit pricey, hence going during 1/2 price, but even when paying full price it is worth the money with the quality ingrediants.Metro, any location, is the best.  You should not miss out on this!!
4	Quite possibly the best pizza I ever ate, I don't know why we keep trying different pizza 's restaurants . When we do go back to metro we realize what we've been missing .  I think metro is in a league of it's own . Everyone else jus trying to catch up.      We had the spring st in the east coast section of the menu, pie comes w/ ricotta,meatballs and roasted peppers. I substituted the peppers for mushrooms, nothing against peppers jus like mushrooms more on pizza. The mushrooms looked an tasted fresh, meatballs were tender and the ricotta added a nice touch of creamy freshness. The crust was perfect w / a nice crisp bottom and a little chew . Tomato sauce was not too acidic real nice balance, topped off w/ some fresh basil.what could b better?      We also ordered the gigantic  baked ravioli,stuffed w/ 3 cheeses and topped w/ tomato meat sauce.well it was big and very good , real nice balance of pasta , cheese and sauce. I'm always amazed when u can bake, put under a salamander pasta, and not burn it so it can b sliced cleanly, like a perfectly baked lasagna . The ravioli also comes w/ a decent salad. Overall great meal. we will  continue trying new pizza restaurants, to find the " perfect pizza" until then this might b it :)This meal was worth cheating on diet
5	As with most meals I'll look over the menu and think about what I would order, but with food served family style like pizza, I'll let my partner make the choices. It's food, that makes his world turn, and usually, he's right! As was the case tonight with Metro's menu, he picked just the right things and made our meal a special one. We had the East Side pizza, Spring Street. It has meatballs, ricotta cheese, and roasted peppers, but tonight, we substituted mushrooms for the peppers and made it really better. If you like crispy crust on bottom and juicy pizza toppings this is the place! The meatballs were sliced thin but just enough to get the flavors, mix that with ricotta and fresh mushrooms, the flavor combination left you wanting more with each bite. We always get pasta to go along with pizza, no one wants 27 bites of the same thing, so add something else to go with it and tonight's dish was the Gigantic Baked Ravioli. This was one big ravioli! Covered in meat sauce and stuffed with three cheeses, the thing had crunchy edges around the outside and gooey cheesy inside, I love pulling it apart. Then it hit me, add the meatballs to this dish and bada bing, perfection! I'm gonna try it next time. Metro's is the gold standard for good pizza and pasta for sure!
5	One of the best, if not the best in Vegas! I love the sunspot pizza, the hot chicken fingers and nuclear fries are super yummo too!!! Plus they have awesome Ranch dressing! Can you tell I'm from Vegas???? The place is hella 80's and looks like the maxx from saved by the bell, but don't be fooled this place rules!
3	We ordered a large supreme pizza. It was okay. I liked that we could substitute ingrediates without a charge.Got the garlic knots because of yelp recommendations. It was okay, nothing too special.  Took about an hour for delivery to our hotel on the strip.
4	Today had to  try the meatball sliders, great idea. Meatballs , provolone in a garlic knot roll sprinkled with Parmesan .   This is not your everyday boring slider, someone actually thought about it. The slider was very good, tender meatball covered in cheese  in a buttery garlic roll sprinkled with parm cheese and served with romano fries We also had the fried calamari it had a light crispy batter with a spicy marinara. My only gripe with calamari  ,lemon was sliced , if lemon is to be squeezed , wedges more appropriate . We also had the Steinbrenner calzone stuffed w/ eggplant parm , ricotta and marinara. Beautiful golden crust  , crisp and chewy.       Very tasty combination of flavors Service was solid .
5	Same great service, same great menu tonight. We started off with the fried calamari, it was golden in color, crispy texture on outside, and just cooked just right to be tender. It was served with spicy marinara sauce. Our second app was the minestrone soup, it had a topper of melted mozzarella cheese with little croutons on top, love the string melted cheese with crunch of the bread and veggies. We then split the "Steinbrenner calzone" and meatball sliders. Both great choices for both flavor and presentation. As they say, we eat first with our eyes, and well this meal was consumed twice, the presentation of all dishes was excellent.
4	The food is excellent and well priced. However the service is beyond SLOW and a little off we had to ask for silverware for everyone in our party and ask for refills.  If you are hungry or in a hurry it really sucks.  Thankfully the bread they serve you is super yummy (although I was almost full on the bread by the time the pizza came)....the pizza itself was fresh and tasty.  If their service was a little more on the ball (quicker and better) it would have gotten 5 stars.  Oooh I didn't try them but they did have red velvet whoopie pies!
4	I attended a pizza making class at a different Metro location and learned in class that originally, Margherita Pizza did not have fresh tomatoes on it.  That made my heart sing. I hate fresh tomatoes, but love tomato sauce.  Take the class...it's fun, and loaded with food and drinks (including beer and wine) for a low price! I also love a good paper thin crust pizza.  I ordered the Margherita pizza which comes on an ultra thin 12" crust.  I added pepperoni and fresh garlic and asked for a well done bake.   Definitely the best pizza I've had in Vegas.  Yum.  I am hooked.  See the uploaded pics of the pizza.I knocked off one star for the decor of this particular location.  It is such an eyesore and is long overdue for a remodel.  The pizza, garlic knots and cannoli are all worthy of 5 stars!
5	Did it again, Metro is the best food! Love it here, anytime, any item seems to be great, no exception. With family here, we tried the anti pasta salad, the east side pizza and the calamari. My husband pre ordered, so we had to just walk in and were immediately serviced. That was nice. The anti pasta salad was a surprise, there were plenty for the four of us and I did take a little left overs for lunch the next day. Be sure to try this salad, it's really good.
5	Best pizza in town... hands down
4	Not THE best pizza in town, but still pretty darn good. I have it on good authority that I'm supposed to order the cheese pizza (no toppings) for best results here. Sadly, I've have not done this so far, but I'm still pleased.There is a wide variety of pizza here. You can get it anywhere from thin to almost Chicago style here. I usually just order the regular pizza. I have found the bbq sauce on the bbq chicken pizza to be just a little too spicy for my taste, so you have been warned. Everything else is pretty darn good here. I have to say, I'm not a regular here, as my go-to pizza joint is and always will be Grimaldi's and sometimes Settebello's, but I'm definitely a fan of Metro Pizza as well.I also really like the decor. Every time I go, I feel a sudden flashback to the 80's. It definitely reminds me of the The Max from "Saved By The Bell." All the fabulous pink and turquoise is kitschy and cool.Two thumbs up.
5	i was in the marines, and have visited Chicago, NY, and other places.  I can tell you in LAS VEGAS, this is the BEST NY  pizza slice you will find, and in my opinion, the best overall pizza.  Grimaldi's is 2nd for ny slice.If you are looking for Chicago style, look elsewhere
5	HOLY PIZZA.......this place is my favorite!(sigh)So here's my "CAN'T MISS" food highlights:~Fried Mozzarella~Garlic knots!~Steinbrenner Calzone~BBQ Chicken Calzone~The LOOP..............= happiness!    ;)~The Skyline~The Pasta Pie~The MODESTO............UH-MAY-ZING!~Tiramisu~CannolisI've been eating here easily since elementary school and last I checked, I've been out of high school for 11 years.......you do the math!  This is my FAMILIES go-to dirty CARB indulgence!  In fact, this place is greatly in the running for the BIRTHDAY dinner next month!!!  =)  Don't let this particular location detour from what your stomach will thank you for.  It's OLD but it definitely has character.  The staff is welcoming and the SAME cooks have been working there for YEARS!  That in itself has to say something about the place!Oh, P.S.They do PIZZA MAKING CLASSES at their UNLV location! How cool is that!?!?!?=)Count me in!
5	Cool little pizza place off on Decatur.  Didn't know it was a chain till I saw the take-out box.  When you go in, it looks like someone either misses the 80's or they built that place in 1985.  Even though it's not deep_dish (somehow reviews say it's that, but it's not ), this was good.  The key was the dough.  When we got the little garlic rolls, and they had that good 'doughy smell, I couldn't wait for the pizza.  Very soft, chewy, and tasty.  We got the salad and a large stuffed pizza.  Somehow I'm not good at size estimation, because this pizza was probably for 6 people, not three.  We had like half the pizza left!  Will definitely go again, just to try a different (and smaller) pizza.  Good Value, good pizza, great for what it is.... Yeah I think I'll give it 5.
4	Visited this place for the first time but prolly not the last this past weekend.  Loved the fusion of toppings and cheese.  Wish the cheese was a little bit more plentiful and the toppings cooked a little more especially the veggies.I love the monthly calendar where everyday there is something going on.  May or may not apply to you but still something going on! The sauce was good and tasted fresh, dough seemed a little older but not stale.  I would like to give it another try cause I know it'll be better.  Just the timing of when I went was not ideal.  I want to try different combos and maybe a salad or sammich but HHAHA yeah right don't believe that for a second!  Ima get a PIZZA!  Service BFriendliness  A-Food BAmbience B+Price B
5	Ok, I am a pizza guru, and Metro has the best Americanized pizza in Vegas. No, you can not get a Pizza Napoletana here, but amazing East Coast pizza with quality ingredients. My favorite is the Bleaker Street which is sausage, garlic, and fresh basil. You can also get Chicago style, and  thick crust. My suggestion is stick to the regaular crust and you cant go wrong. Ask for some complimentary bread too, its mazing out of the oven. Metro is not cheap, but if you go there MOnday-Thirsday from 2-4, all pizzas are half off.  Also if you get the Old New York, you get fresh Mozzerella, not the shredded stuff. Classic cheese goodness!!.
4	The wife and I recently embarked upon a quest to find our perfect pizza in Las Vegas.I'm Australian and the wife grew up in Michigan and neither of us are fans of the two most prominent styles of pizza available in town - New York Style and Chigaco style.I posted a thread on the discussion forums here detailing my preferences when it comes to pizza and a few people suggested Metro pizza and their "metro crust" as possibly satisfying our needs so we decided to give it a try.The restaurant seemed very pleasant, but we decided on take-out. I ordered a large "Gotham" minus the mushrooms and my wife, ironically, ordered a plain cheese with mushrooms. Both were metro style and we were very encouraged watching our nice puffy looking pizzas come out of the oven.When we got home we discovered that Metro Pizza is getting close to what we are looking for, but still isn't quite on the money. The real strength of metro is the superior quality of the toppings. They are absolutely delicious.The crust is also tasty, but I sort of wished it wasn't quite so thick on the outside and wasn't quite so thin in the middle - perhaps a uniform thickness throughout.... Like many pizza places around town, the pizzas are a bit wet for my tastes and slices tend to point straight down to the ground when you pick one up rather than exhibiting any sort of backbone. This is a shame because the crust has a pleasantly chewy texture that I enjoy. If they could somehow cut the wetness about the interior of the pizza this would be a real winner.Overall Metro Pizza is probably going to satisfy the majority of pizza fans in Vegas, particularly those with tastes less exacting than my own. It wasn't quite the crust we were looking for, but the quality of the toppings makes for a delicious taste that will surely call us back for repeat visits - at least until we find the holy grail of Vegas pizza.
4	A few years back, a buddy/coworker of mine introduced me to this place as being the "Best Pizza In Town".. So one day we ordered a whole pie for lunch. He recommended to order a Large Pizza knowing we'll have leftovers. So we got the "The Stockyard" aka Meat Lovers..Came with Pepperoni, Sausage and Ground Beef. That thing was Stuffed with chunks of sausage and beef! Medium sized crust not super thin nor extra thick. Overall, didn't look that oily (considering all the toppings) and was Very Tasty and Very Filling.  No Comparison with the Big Chain Pizzas Meat Lovers!I"ve gone to 2 other locations since (boulder and tropicana). And this is what I had:Garlic Romano Fries: wide fries with major crumbles of garlic and parmesan cheese. These were Awesome!Cheese Pizza Slice: Decent size (not quite as big as Costco's slices), Thin NY Style, Sauce and Dough both on the sweet side and Cheese was quality you could taste and held together (stringy type).The Gotham: pepperoni, mushroom, suasuge, green peppers, ground beef and onions. Love the toppings, exactly what I would add on my pie (if it wasn't plain cheese or pepperoni)! Everything Quality and Amount of Toppings So Generous.. Service was fine (decatur & boulder) and Prices Fair.. Boulder location is quite small, like a shop you'd find in a foodcourt of a mall, with some tables scattered in front  of it). The Decatur location is more of a dine in restaurant outfitted with a Radical Vintage/Retro theme. So far, its been One of the Few Pizza Joints I wouldn't mind paying another visit..
5	Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  Found this place while in Las Vegas after searching yelp for the best pizza in las vegas.
4	I love this pizza! I usually go there during lunch and get their special - a personal pan pizza, salad, and a drink for under $10. It's a great deal because I always have enough pizza leftover for at least one more meal. I also like how they have the daily specials calendar as your placemat. The only downside is all the name day specials are too common of names. Probably won't ever see mine.  Definitely would recommend this place.
4	This is our second time to metro pizza and as always the pizza is absolutely outstanding.  However the service is bit spotty.This boyfriend and I stopped in for an early dinner.  The busser seated us, took our drink order, served our drinks.  After about 7 min our server came over and took our order : garlic knots for an app and a Metro Pizza for us to share.  The garlic knots came out promptly and we're absolutely yummy.  Then the pizza was brought to our table.  It was ridiculously huge and not in a good way.  Neither of us are big eaters and literally I could've used this pizza as a couch cushion.  Upon looking at the menu again I found Metro offers two different sizes of its signature pizza but our server never asked us which size we would like.  We both ate less than a slice of pizza each before being full and having to ask for our pizza to be boxed up.  Don't get me wrong it was delicious pizza but just absurdly too large for anyone to imagine two normal sized people to be able to eat.  The busser boxed the pizza and brought us our check.  The only time we saw our server apart from her taking our original order was when she asked over her shoulder, on the way to another table, if we were doing okay. To continue the monstrous pizza saga...upon arriving home we discovered this pizza box was too big to even fit in our full size side-by-side fridge.In summary:Food: 5 starsService: 2 stars.
5	This place was amazing. Great food, great atmosphere and the people there were really nice. I'm definitely going to be a regular here. P.S. The meatball sliders are awesome!
4	Yummy!! I love this pizza it's so good since it has lots of flavor. I recommend to not have more than 2 toppings bec if you have a lot it doesn't taste as good. I really enjoyed the pepperoni and basil pizza. Must try this pizza!
5	Best pizza in Vegas, though the delivery charge is pretty expensive depending where you live
4	This is some of the best pizza I have ever had in a restaurant.  When we first walked in, it took a while for someone to notice we were there and a bit longer to get seated even though it seemed like there were a lot of empty tables.  Our booth seats were half wet, half covered with crumbs. As soon as our food came, we didn't care about any of that.  And our servers at the table were really friendly.  They start you off with nice crusty bread and butter.  They have a 'barrel special' wine selection which that evening was a bottle of grenache for $12.  We shared a salad - can't remember the name that had walnuts, blue cheese, pears etc. - it was plenty for 4 people.  We had the Honolulu and the Sunspot pizzas - both were super yummy.  Honolulu was ham, pineapple, bacon bits (real ones) and bell peppers - we opted for no onion.  Sunspot was tomatoes, artichokes,spinach and basil - we opted for no garlic.  Two small pizzas were enough for the 4 of us.
2	let me start off by saying im from NY...This pizza is a joke, its not pizza by any standard. over all for VEGAS pizza its passable, but when i say passable i mean just that. Its edible, it looks and tastes pretty much exactly like papa johns or little ceasars. Id have to say dominos is still better then theres. you will def not want it again. I do have to say though, the staff is great and the place does look nice and has a great feel to it.unfortunately there sauce is bland if they made there sauce better and there crust thinner it might be salvageable. oh well guess im not in ny anymore gonna just have to make my own pizza.
2	I was expecting a lot from Metro Pizza, especially after reading the great reviews. The pizza is anything but inspired, delicious, or innovative. The regular crust and sauce is blah. Toppings were alright, but not enough and poorly placed. The worst part about it was the price. Way too expensive for this boring pizza pie. Will order Dominoes next time I have a pizza craving in Vegas.
5	We stopped here based on the ratings on Yelp and we were pleased. The people were friendly and courteous. We ordered a large pepperoni pizza and Caesar salad. The meal started with fresh warm bread! The salad was big enough to feed three of us. The pizza was quite good. When we come to a Vegas again I am sure we will stop here again.
2	This place used to be the best. Used to be. They used to offer half orders, I was so addicted to their honey cayenne sauce I created my own version at home...but oh no. Now their salads are like fifteen bucks. For some noodles? ON top of lettuce with a chicken finger? No thanks. The pizzas are good too...if you like to spend that much on pizza. And I dont mind sometimes, when it isn't cold and the servers aren't ass-hats. I have tried to go back, every time feeling nostalgic for the time when this place was good. I have met the owners, they used to be all about the pizza!  Now it is overpriced, the food does not have the same flavor. The italian sub I drooled for for two weeks and finally got? A HUGE oily disappointment. The sunspot pizza I bragged to out of town company about? Cold, with an undercooked center and sparse toppings. The service? Last time I watched a table full of servers sit and have lunch with their manager, while we sat two tables away with no refills, food taking over a half an hour to come out after waiting a half an hour to order, and just in general a terrible time. When I told the server about it, she shrugged and get the manager who blew me off. I was presented with a check and I paid it, vowing never to return and feeling bent over and....well, ripped off I guess would be the point here. I would have recommended this place in 1999... hell I wished I had money to invest in the idea when I first tried it. But now...now how you have strayed!!!
4	This is both a good and bad review.  Over all we loved the pizza, not the service.  Read more if you like for further detail.I went here last night hoping to find better than Papa John's and as far away from Northside Nathan's Detroit Pizza as humanly possible.  I've got to say, I really like pizza at Metro.  Although I live in Las Vegas now, I am originally from Rhode Island.  My all-time favorite pizza has always been A-1 Pizza in Newport, RI.  I guess some of my friends would say I'm difficult when it comes to eating out with me.  It's just I expect a lot when I'm dining out.  Something more than I would make for myself at home and service to match.  If that makes me "difficult" then so be it.I've always been a fan of huge toppings and mondo amounts of cheese so I ordered the Metro Pizza with extra cheese on top and added zucchini and spinach.  I'm also a big eater so I figured I'd order a side of hot wings as well.  While they came to the table temperature hot and looking  great, I didn't care for the sauce.  It was vinegary and not spicy hot at all.  I'd asked them to make them as hot as possible.  I guess they just don't have the means to make them any hotter than you'd get with a standard hot sauce from a bottle.  They were maybe just a little under cooked as well.  Everyone likes a crispy wing right?  Requests them extra crispy and you may find them passable.My partner ordered a small Stockyard stuffed pizza and it looked amazing and he stated that he'd enjoyed it very much.  Noting that the sweet Italian sausage was plentiful and yummy.  All in all, I'd have to say it was a good night for food at Metro.  I will be back to try more of their delicious pizza to be sure.Okay, now the bad... The service was poor.  Just to give an example and not dwell on it too much I'll just tell you a few points they stick out 23hrs latter.  We sat with empty glasses for 20min till I asked for assistance from a second passing water.  No suggestions were offered and when asked about the different crust options it looked to us like she's grown tired of that same question from every dang customer and offered very little help or sympathy for two proclaimed "first timers'.  No suggestions were given or up-selling suggested for that matter.No one ever smiled and when our pizza was ready to be brought to the table it looked as if our waitress was debating with the other water who helped us as to who wanted to bring the pizza to out table (the second water was nominated).  We shared the last napkin at the end of the meal just not wanted to bother with her again.The friendliest conversation we had with our waitress was the 10 second attempt at influencing her tip upon laying the bill on our table.  I thought the prices were maybe a little high for what we got, but they do have a special going on that attempts to those on a budget.  Mon-Thu 2:30-4:30pm is HALF OFF all pizza!  I'm liking that and at that price I'm still giving them 4 stars with horrible waitressing being my only real complaint.
4	It was during the MAGIC Fashion Show I was first introduced to Metro Pizza.My party was staying at the Mandalay Bay Hotel and was looking for something easy to pick up or delivery. I was charged with providing lunch, so I looked around the hotel-- to no surprise, many things in the hotel for was overpriced and of poor quality. In the search for help I went to Concierge service desk. After speaking with a Concierge, he recommended Metro Pizza for delivery. All I needed to hear was that Metro Pizza was featured on FoodNetwork as Vegas' top pizza place. I got their number and dialed away. After half an hour post-order, the Pizza arrived at my suite on the 63rd floor of Mandalay Bay (some how the delivery man by-passed all the security). They told me that it would be forty five minutes to an hour, because of the heavy demand for pizza and traffic congestion that day, but I was glad they came earlier than planned. I ordered two pans of pizza, both large size, one cheese and one combination. Both were terrific! The price may be somewhat steep, but for a delivery place outside of the hotel to deliver to your room and be the quality that it was is exceptional. (The pizza satisfied many palates that were present: Koreans from Korea, native New Yorkers, vegetarians from Florida, and picky eaters from California).The pizza itself was different from those other pizza spots. The crust was crisp, but not difficult, the correct temperature for the cheese so it doesn't look like gruyere over french onion soup, and the more than generous portion for toppings that were very tasty.I will definitely order from this place again in the future!
5	I've been going here since I was a kid and the food is just as great as it always was!
4	Closest thing to East Coast pizza we have had west of Philadelphia!  Yum!
3	We went here because I Googled low carb pizza and they came up. It started off great, we were quickly seated and served. They brought  a basket of bread it was just OK. Not worth the calories. I ordered wine, chicken wings and a pizza. Husband ordered a pizza. He said his was good but not enough sauce or cheese. The wings were not crispy and not spicy at all. Then my pizza came so much after my husbands he had finished his by the time mine arrived. I also wanted a second glass of wine and had to call someone over to order it. If I were a server I would be all over the wine. It is the fastest way to up the bill and increase the tip. It seems this happens frequently that they keep the soft drinks full but never ask about wine. Anyway it was just OK here. May go back for the low carb pizza which we didn't end up getting.
4	Worth the try.Came in with a party of 8 and ordered 2 pizzas. Little did we know how large these pizzas were. Dough seemed to be made in house, which gave the pizzas a fluffy, but filling crust, "bread," portions. My only discrepancy was that I felt that the crust, "bread," portions lacked any real flavor in themselves. Wide variety of toppings to satisfy everyone. Very flavorful. The environment was comfortable with internal decor matching their theme (80's 90s?). I would come here again.
4	Excellent fresh tasting pizza and good service in Saved By the Bell/The Max and/or poor man's Chuck E. Cheese setting. However, I was bit disappointed with stinginess of veggie toppings. Judging from the peeling walls, carpeted floors and location, this is definitely one of the older locations. But fellow patron, don't eschew it because of that; it's actually a glowing gem hidden amongst a dilapidated shopping plaza. No wonder it's beloved by Vegas citizens.I ordered the Green Valley pizza but what came was Death Valley. The pizza was layered with lots of black olives and sun dried tomatoes. I asked for added broccoli, too. A pizza with an adjective green should be green, right? Not this one. I wanted to feast on a fucking evergreen forest. Nope, it was a vast black desert with patches of green. The ratio between canned and fresh cut veggies had to be 4:1. At least it tasted great and the service was prompt and kind. Next time I'm asking for no olives and sun dried tomato and extra zuchinni.
3	Like other reviews say, the interior looks like the set of "Saved By the Bell." If you can get past that (or maybe that '80s look is a plus for some?) you'll find some good pizza. It won't crack my top 5 in town, but it's a nice spot to bring the family for a low-key dinner.We had the Modesto ($25.95 for a large) - roasted mushrooms, garlic, roma tomatoes, basil, and sausage. The crust was crispy and chewy but the underside of the pie wasn't firm enough to hold up to the toppings that were on it. I loved the sausage on it and the fresh basil. The sauce wasn't very memorable.We also got an individual cheese pizza ($7.75) that my kid loved. He liked it so much that he got mad at me for eating his left overs a couple days later.
5	Awesome. Best pizza in Vegas. The specialty pizzas are the thing to get. My favorite is the Seafood Fra Diavalo (sp?). The half loaf of bread they give while you wait is good. The garlic knots are the best I've ever had. Late hours are a plus as is the calendar specials.I always order more than I can eat because it's so good reheated in the toaster oven the next day.Actually it's so good I've been The Duke on multiple occasions.
5	This will be a short review. The best pizza in Las Vegas. Hands down!
4	Food is good, service is great... This is a good place for family day... Server are all friendly...
4	Went for lunch.This is a local favorite. The meatball sliders are a big hit and pizza is a little pricey but worth it. Staff was friendly. Would come back again.
5	I have only eaten here three times, but all three times have been fantastic.  The pizza is amazing, some of the best pizza I have ever eaten..  The service is great, and they have a great beer/wine selection.
5	Out-freaking-standing.The pizza was perfectly baked, fluffy thick crust that was crispy in all the right places and not too greasy. The toppings were excellent and the pre-meal table bread was even noteworthy.Service was excellent, never had to ask for a refill. And they have daily specials for holidays, service workers, even for anyone with a certain name. Overall, just a very cool local place that definitely has a good rep for its good eats. This particular location also has this cool 80s deco vibe that I really dig, and that's just gravy.Check this place out! Best of Las Vegas for something like seven years running...and with good reason.(Check in for a free soft drink, your entire party can check in and all get a free soda!)We even came back a couple days later to eat again while we were still in town, turns out they don't open until 11, but they let us in 20 minutes early because they're just that nice. A++ would dine again.
4	Hey, Slater!  You wanna meet up at The Max after school?  We should totally study for the bio test before we wind up in detention with Belding.......oops sorry.  Just getting lost in my "Saved by the Bell" daydreams.  It always seems to happen when I go to Metro Pizza.So if you're still confused, the inside of this place SCREAMS the diner that Zack and the gang would hang out at after school (you know, "The Max").  It certainly makes for an interesting dining experience.  1993 decor aside, let's get to the important information: the food.I have had the garlic fries (yummy), the eggplant parm sub (not so yummy), and plain ol' cheese pizza (good).  One of the lunch specials is $10 and comes with a plain or pepperoni pizza (a little smaller than a medium at most other places) and a big salad.  I always have leftover pizza for dinner, so that's nice.The bread and salad really aren't anything special when you think about it, but I love both.  The bread tastes like what some little grandma would make on a Sunday afternoon, while the salad is always a large serving of fresh veggies.  I highly recommend their house-made Italian dressing- I don't know what they do to it to make it taste so good, but I would like the recipe, please.Most days, we get a large pizza that is half Thompson and half Mulberry.  The Thompson is spinach, garlic, and ricotta while the Mulberry is fried eggplant, ricotta, and fresh basil.  The pizza is a thinner crust but still doughy (not crispy) and it is huge.  Two slices and I'm done.Our pizzas have always been cooked perfectly and there's always a good balance of cheese, sauce, and toppings.  Usually the toppings are tasty, however on our last visit- not so much.  The water wasn't squeezed out enough from the spinach (obviously frozen) and the eggplant was fried to a crisp. The servers are friendly and usually our water glasses are kept full.  But for some reason everything is always SLOW.  I'm talking you may spend 2 hours here if it's a busy night.  The pizza is good, but prepared to spend some time in the restaurant.I believe Metro is a Vegas institution that everyone should visit at least once.  I suggest this location in particular, so you can re-live all your bad memories of terrible neon outfits from the early 90's.
5	Holy Amazing Pizza Batman!!!!!!! They have locations all over Vegas but this one is close to the Strip. They start your meal off with fresh bread and butter which was warm and yummy.The Pizza was fantastic, some of the best I have ever had. (Thank you Vegas Yelpers for the tip!)The service was wonderful. Our server was a very active listener and from random conversation picked up that we were from out of town. I would recommend this place to anyone going to or living in Vegas. The pizza was just right not too saucy and not soggy. Great place for groups as well I was highly impressed. We went twice while we were there it was so good.
5	I grew up eating here at Metro Pizza. I love the feel when entering. Yes, it looks like the 80's with a lot of neon but I love that! It takes me back to being a kid and floods my mind with awesome memories.The meatball sliders are a must. Please at least try them! They are almost $10 but worth it.They are made with garlic knots as the bun YUM!Ask about the daily specials. They have a printed calender telling you what special is each day that you can take home. They have it up on their website but I find it isn't updated regularly.I recommend the stuffed pizzas they are so darn good! You can place your order for pick-up if you don't want or have time to eat inside.
1	Seriously anyone who wrote a good review for this place must either work there or has a relative that does.  I've tried this place 3 times now and it's nasty.  Today I tried it again because I read the reviews and thought maybe I was mistaken and my daughter and I waited an hour for nasty pizza (however the bread they served beforehand was good) and our waitress was AWFUL!!!  We went to the one on Horizon Ridge.  Really, people need to start telling the truth about this place, I'm shocked at the reviews.
2	This is by far the toughest review I have ever had to write.  I used to brag about how good Metro's food and service was.  Over the last year, the food quality and attention to detail has fallen greatly. I thought this might be just one bad store, but this has happened at all their stores.  Being ignored, subpar food quality, steep prices, and the worst...ordering my food first, having people order after me, and I WAIT for my food while they get theirs FIRST!  The Tropicana store synched it for me!  Nothing like going in with some co-workers, and being embarrassed by being last to get our food.  Since I thought Metro was the best for 25 years, I just gave up pizza.  I can save my money, and get better quality food elsewhere.
2	Couple of months ago I would have given 4 star rating but what is going on here?  Pizza gone done a notch and the service has too.  There are loads of staff running around but management needs to listen to customers and provide quality, not quantity.  Maybe they forgot this on their way up the pizza ladder.  There are great other pizzerias to try in this town.
2	Great food! Below average service.
5	I love this place! I order lunch from them on a regular and they deliver my lunch hot and fresh each and every time! This is the only pizza I eat :)
5	For starters, the complimentary fresh baked sourdough loaf bread and butter basket is a nice treat!Mmmmmm yummy I love Metro Pizza. The Decatur and Flamingo location is cozy and fun always a nice experience!The Service is Fantastic every time I have dined here and I am unsure why I am now just submitting my review for this Awesome pizza and Pasta place?Mmmmm yum what we ordered this time around was a Sicilian sub, spicy shrimp pasta and baked ziti.The jam packed Sicilian sub was great and set on home hearth baked bread it just melts in your mouth!The baked ziti loaded up with sauce, mozzarella and ricotta cheese it was the best!The portions are very generous as you are guaranteed to be leaving with leftovers for another meal!I have always had their pizza in the past which is very good however this is the first time I ordered a pasta dinner and am so happy I did!!!The Spicy shrimp pasta was divine, the sauce spicy and so flavorful the perfect mix of goodness! The big shrimp mixed in as well was very good and all tied in with angel hair pasta. Soooo good and my boyfriend loved it as well because we shared both of our dishes.We even saved $12 bucks off of our meal with an Entertainment book buy one dinner entree get one free. That is insane considering what the portion of the pasta dinners are!The service is always Stellar!!!See posted pics! Enjoy!
4	My friend told me that I should try this place the next time I was in Vegas, so on our last trip to Vegas we had to make a stop here.  As soon as we entered I got the reminiscent feeling of a old school diner feel.  Located a bit off the strip but definitely worth the drive.  We ordered three kinds of pizza, garlic fries, garlic knots, and the sangria.  The Stockyard stuffed pizza, Modesto specialty pizza, and the spring street east side pizza.  Three different kinds of pizza, all so big that I struggled to eat a slice of each.  I had to try them all since it looked and smelled so delicious when it was brought out.   It didn't just look and smelled good but it was actually really tasty.  Flavorful and fresh.  The modesto was the lighter one of the three and the stuffed pizza was pretty filling.  Wash it down with a cold cup of sangria, left us all full and happy.
5	I don't give many 5 stars, in fact,  I'm like the Josh Bell of food reviewers. (See if anyone gets that one) For me, good pizza crust is a must and the sauce is boss. Yes I'm poetic about it because that's what this pizza is, worthy of poems!The crust is crispy with bit of chewiness where it matters. The sauce is tangy and not overly sweet, just the way it should be.Yes, real cheese (duh) and ingredients galore are all good.The next best thing here are the garlic knot sliders. Little orbs of meaty love is what I call them. Highly recommended.Never disappointed with the food here, and the staff is always friendly and service is fast.By the way, for the at home chefs, you can buy dough and sauce here and give it a whirl at home. I've done it, not quite the same but close. Mostly because my GE oven doesn't quite compare to a commercial pizza oven...Still, worth a try.
2	Maybe we hit them at a bad time, but I was unimpressed.  The server for our section actually only came to our table once, and they weren't that busy.  The poor girl who seated us had to take our order and bring our check and another guy dropped off our pizza. Odd.  Pizza had a limp crust and all of the toppings literally slid off the slice when you picked it up.  So weird.  Not to mention the fact that this place looks like it popped out of a 1990 time machine. Think of the restaurant that the kids from Saved By The Bell used to hang out in.  That's this place!
4	Metro Pizza in general does above average pizza and Italian food.  There is however a reason that they stand out above the rest.  Stuffed Pizza!  Not some lame stuffed-crust gimmick or anything like that.  They do some of the better Chicago style stuffed pizza in Las Vegas.  They wouldn't quite be able to hang with the big boys in the Windy City, but their "Southside" is more than a solid choice in Vegas!They also have some good lunch deals and wonderful calendar specials.
5	My fav pizza place in Vegas Baby
4	One of the better pizza joints in Vegas. I have come to this location multiple times. It doesn't hurt that it's in my hoood either. Defnitely something I would recommend going to at least once. Right when you walk in you get that old school diners feeling. The service here is generaly really good. The most recent time I had come here, my server was friendly until she walked away from my table. She walked back to the cooking/cashier area she started to complain about my table. Not cool. She might of been having a bad day. Besides that the pizza is good and they have awesome lunch specials and deals everday of the month. I would recommend any of the specialty pizzas. You cannot go wrong there. Half off pizzas M-TH 2:30-4:30 or somewhere around that time.
4	this was our first time to metro, actually by default, we had tried to go to Sammys LA pastrami but were ignored by the worker there, So, we decided to check out Metro.  We had the garlic knots...YUMMY, garlic romano fries...my kids woofed those down in 2 seconds and the stuffed pizza Skyline version.  I would've liked to have had more meat in the pizza, but it was good, didn't have any leftovers so I know the kids liked it. We will def go back to try other pizzas for sure..All in all Metro saved our family nite out dinner!!!  Good customer service too.
4	Good pizza if you like Chicago style pizza.  Sometimes I like this kind of pizza for dinner.  Give it a try,  best Chicago pizza I've found here.  Give this place a try for lunch or dinner.
5	I've always done take out here & the pizza has always been consistently good!!!
4	The final star was deducted due to location.. I know, I know.. but after have a fantastic meal it's kind of hard to run (should you need to) from any unsavory characters that might be following you around in the parking lot. Neighborhood is not so hot.Location aside lets talk about my experience. My friend had it right when she said the ambiance reminded her of being on Saved by the Bell. Bright neon lights, black and white checkered flooring, good thing the 90's look is back in.  Being a fan of all things retro (and sad to say that I can refer to the 90's now as being retro), I enjoyed the cheesy decor.Service was fantastic, we were celebrating a birthday and had a large party but were seated right away and had stellar service the entire time. The food equals delicious!  Soo... I'm doing the not eating fattening foods thing (again) so I ended up ordering their Dominica (sp?) salad while everyone else indulged in pizza *insert sad face here*.  Guess what?! I am a picky salad person and I can honestly say this was one of my favorite salads of all time!  Fresh ingredients and delicious dressing (I went with their house dressing), and excellent portion size.I did snag a bit of the pizza crust from one of my fellow diners, it was crunchy and delicious and no doubts about it, should I have a hankering for a tasty slice of pie I would venture back to Metro Pizza without a second though (shady neighborhood and all).
4	Good pizza, cheap prices, good service. I love the sauce and the warm bread in the basket.  Seriously, two people can eat dinner here for under 15 bucks.  A Vegas tradition since Zach and Slater were carousing the Max for chicks.  This location screams 80's Miami Art Deco...show up in your linen suit and Wayfarer's and check your Dornaus & Dixon Bren 10mm at the door, you're gonna love this place!
4	I've been to metro many times but the latest time was a few days ago with my uncle. We went after I got out of work around 8pm. It wasn't that busy but it still took longer than expected to get our food. I don't know if it felt like a long time because I was starving but I think it was because it took longer than needed. This was weird because all the other times I went the service was fine. Maybe because it was almost closing time but still annoying. Despite the food taking forever it was worth it. We ordered the meatball sliders and the personal pan size of the Metro pizza with just cheese. The meatball sliders come on garlic knots which makes them amazing! The personal pan size was huge and enough to split for two people. Its thick pizza which is my favorite. Since cheese is my favorite the only thing I would add to the pizza is more cheese. I will definitely be ordering these again when I return.
4	Excellent friendly service. I had the cheese pizza and salad. While I didnt care too much for the salad, the cheese pizza was prepared perfectly. Even though this location is busy, they still take time to appreciate their guests.
2	After reading reviews of here I was excited to try Metro, well I have to say the pizza was a bit of a disappointment. I got the Gotham, because you need to taste toppings rather than just a cheese pizza. What I got was under cooked and very oily. Yes I know the meats will add oil, but to leave puddles of it on the plate, that is a no go. It actually got better after I cooked it in my oven at 350 degrees for 10 min. I have to say that I have had better from other places here in Las Vegas.The saving grace were the meatball sliders, now those were good, and had I just ordered those this would be a better review. The knots were fresh, cooked correctly and every thing was in balance. Over all the 2 star rating was due to the pizza, and the service I got from the person behind the counter who had to be reminded to give me my slider order with the pizza. Maybe I will try again, but not for pizza.Oh the kicker is that wanted to charge me $15 to deliver their food to me. Be careful, since their site does not say any thing about the charges you might get hit with,
4	I've been to the one in Henderson and expected this one to be as nice - it isn't.  This place is older and looks it.  It could use a good cleaning.The food is good though.  There were 4 of us, 2 ordered pizza, 1 ordered calzone, and 1 ordered sliders.  Slider girl ate all hers but the rest of us took at least 1 more full meal home.Good food and more than 1 meal even if you order the personal size.Personally I'll go back to the Henderson one instead of coming here but if you're in the area the pizza is definately worth the stop.
4	Pasta pie ! Yummy !
5	I did a Modesto with the Ricotta and Meatballs from the Spring Street on a thin, extra crispy crust. It was pizza perfection! In fact, they should make it a menu item just like that, call it the Farino Metro!
2	Was okay nothing too different. They didn't mark boxes the calzones came in so we had to finger them until we figured it out.... Also I forgot to pack my vacation silverware and asked if they could provide and they agreed. However when the items arrived there was everything under the sun accept silverware. FOOD: Calzones have ricotta cheese in them which isn't listed on the menu. They give you a generous size pie but its greasy as hell. Yes yes i know its pizza greasy is to be expected but I never have had a calzone so greasy before. Crust was nice and golden! If it wasn't for the silverware I'd give it a 3 stars... Also missing was 2 sides of ranch. Overall poor experience
4	Really cool place and the pizza was good although the crust was a little tough.  But I'd definitely go back and try it again.  It's a Vegas pizza favorite with some friends.
4	I organized a work happy hour party here and they were really great to us!  I called in our order ahead of time and they reserved the entire loft area for us.  It worked out perfectly for our group.  All the food came out on time and though the servers were a bit slow with coming through to take drink orders, they were always nice and accomodatinig on anything we asked for. The best part of any Metro Pizza is the freakin food!!  The pizzas here are always perfect.  The only one I was disappointed with was the supreme.  It came with WAY too many toppings, like giant chunks of hamburger.  BALANCE, people!!  A pizza needs some balance with it's toppings.  I basically picked off half the toppings and then it was perfect.  Next time, we'll stick to just one or two topping pizzas.Don't forget to order garlic knots.  You won't regret it!  Love this place
2	Love Metro Pizza's Tropicana location.  We have come to expect exceptional food and service from Metro.  This location hardly resembles Metro.  The garlic knots are half the size and overcooked.  The service at this location was horrible.  The only person that seemed to be actually working was the bus person.  I will not return to this location.  Will drive the extra distance to Tropicana.
5	We got a pizza that was half Gotham and half something else... I think it's called spring street. We were impressed. For a large pizza it cost about 25 dollars but it was worth it
5	Excellent service from seating to eating. Fantastic. Perfect for family. Pizza-yum.
4	Only came here because Naked Pizza was 21 and over.  I am glad we did.  Pizza was excellent.
5	Whoo hoo I am going to the city of sin! First stop gambling ...no!   go to a shady massage parlor...... no!  Kill a prostitute ......nope!   I am getting pizza from a 80s pizza place!   I could not tell if it was never redone inside or just super retro?  That was part of the fun! I'm totally a 80s guy. I was cool back then and had hair where it belonged!  In the 80s I was not fat from all this pizza !
4	This place was very 80s and not very fancy. Never judge a book by its cover because the food was great and the service was just as good. I will definitely be returning here for pizza every time I come to Vegas.
4	Wait for pizza was kinda long.  I got the pepperoni pizza and it was good.  The decor was 50's style with Grease decorations.  The bread they serve for free is really fresh and good.  Not a busy place.
3	Decent 80s style pizza, but I prefer more of a kick to pizza sauce.
4	Dinner with Terri R and Suzy H at Metro Pizza equals good times.I love me some pizza.  Here's the problem...I don't get to eat it much.  If I can, I'd have a pizza every other day.  Too bad, so sad for me.  But I finally got the chance a couple of nights ago after 12 weeks of clean eating.  I earned this and I'm going to turn this mutha out.  This is not my first time to Metro Pizza.  This is just my first time at this one.  I've always been a fan of their pizza and let's not forget their garlic knots.  I shared half a pizza with my gf.  Okay, I actually ate 75% of the pizza, but who's counting?  My half included just pepperoni & mushrooms and Terri's was just mushrooms.  The pizza was tasty, thin, and not overly sauced out.  This is exactly how I like my pies.  As for the garlic knots, those little baked creatures didn't have a chance. The G-Knots are a bit greasy, small enough, and my goodness, the type of carbs my body has been missing.  Obviously, I'm a fan of Metro and wish to be back in another 16 1/2 weeks.  PS:  We had a slight issue when our pizza first arrived.  It was missing the mushrooms, but this was remedied quickly.  To top it off, we also got hooked up with canoli's.  BTW:  This Metro does remind me of Max's from "Saved by the Bell".  We're just missing Kelly Kapowski.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (438/500)
4	Ordered the lunch special-Meatball Parm sub with fries and a drink.  The food was pretty good and the service was good.  There's red & white tablecloths everywhere.  Looks kind of old inside but overall everything was good.
4	Loved the pizza, garlic nots and salad. The atmosphere could use a updo, but service was good. Price fair. Great marinara, and awesome thin crust pizza. Highly recommend.
1	Once a month, I like to come to Metro Pizza with some friends and family or even by myself and enjoy the pizza happy hour. The food is great but it also costs a lot more than other pizza parlors. I'd say you get what you paid for. That's why the weekday Tuesday-Thursday happy hour deal is so nice.... if you come at the right time.The service is a little below average- the waiters are slow in their pace and usually bored. I usually don't mind since I'm busy talking or doing my own thing. This past Tuesday, I came in by myself for a Large stuffed pizza (Skyline) at 1:50 PM, totally forgetting that happy hour is between 2:30-4:30. The pizza was big but average tasting. When I got the bill I was bummed that I totally forgot the happy hour times but it's totally fine since I like supporting family businesses. When I brought the check to the counter to pay, I mentioned to the cashier that I totally forgot about happy hour. I would have been thrilled if they honored it, or it would have still been just fine if they just said sorry. Instead, the lady told me, "Yeah... I guess you'll just have to skip pizza for a bit." I paid and left a lot angrier than I expected. How about I skip Metro Pizza altogether? Seriously, I wouldn't waste my time to write this review if I wasn't this angry, 3 days after the fact just remembering her response.5/5 Star Pizza3/5 Star Price0/5 Star Customer Service
4	One of my favorite pizza joints in town. Been going here since they let you draw on the tables with crayons. The pizza is usually amazing, but the pizza varies depending on who cooks it. Love the bread that comes with dinner too.  Overall very good.
5	After a disappointing Italian lunch earlier, it was time to get serious. Once you have a craving, it has to be taken care of the right way. Time to turn to an old friend. Metro Pizza never ever disappoints. I've enjoyed Metro for 15 years. Used to be a regular fanatic at the Ellis Island location. Awesome garlic knots!!So anyway I hit up the Flamingo/Decatur location for takeout. On this trip I ordered the Modesto pizza. It was delicious. Simple but so good, and cooked perfectly. Awesome crust, mushrooms, crushed tomatoes, spicy sausage. And of course my wife had to have the chicken fingers. Her absolute favorite. She turned me on to these a while ago, and I have to agree with her, these are the best chicken fingers out there. You can order them mild, medium, or spicy. We opt for medium. Just enough tang and spice. The fingers are HUGE!!. lightly breaded, hot, juicy, flavorful. One bite and your hooked. Dip it in there delicious ranch dressing and you're in for a treat. Metro is a local favorite and never disappoints. Really good pizza, chicken fingers, Italian favorites, great service, reasonable prices. You can't go wrong!!
3	Pizza was very good you can definitely tell it was hand tossed handmade loving care was taken in each pizza. Ingredients refresh the whole pizza just was excellent. The inside of the restaurant was a little run down chairs weren't very comfortable to sit long time in , the service was okay but the recommendations by the waitress were awesome. We went during happy hr when They had half-price pizzas which made it a really good deal. three adults got individual pizzas and an appetizer of cheesy bread and all for 25 bucks, we aren't locals to Las Vegas but we visit often and will definitely make sure that we come back to one other locations that they have.
4	We had a Metro Pizza gift card and wanted to take advantage of it on a lazy Saturday.  I called for a pick up as they had a $15 delivery charge to where we were.  I showed up to pick up the pizza and it was ready.  The girl at the counter was kind and made small talk as the pizza was being brought forward.  She asked if I bought the gift card the day before, on black Friday.  I said I didn't and learned they had a 2 for 1 gift card for their Black Friday special.  Anyhow, I get back with the pizza and it was good.  Just a plain cheese without the bells and whistles.  I gave it 4 stars because it was a bit of a drive for me to pick up a pizza.  And, I can think of a few other pizza joints that I like better.
5	It's a tradition!I first met my wife in Vegas just about exactly seven years ago and this one of the places where we went to eat.  We were engaged about a year later.  Whenever we come to Vegas, we always come here to eat.We either have the Gotham (see my recent picture series), or the Stockyard.  If you are on vacation in Vegas, please be sure that your hotel room has a refrigerator. because you are going to need it unless you have a monster appetite.Rockin' pizza!  Fabulous service makes it even better.  If this joint is good enough to be a landmark in our marriage, I think you'll love it on your next trip to Sin City.  Make eating here one of the sins you're allowing yourself while visiting.  If you can, bring home leftovers--this is something that doesn't have to stay in Vegas.
3	I came for my birthday the pizza was delicious, but that is to be expected of Metro. However, once me and my friends were seated we were practically ignored for 10 mins before our server even looked at us. It was such a shame because he was a very attached man. I could tell it was towards the end of his shift because he was very tired looking... We ordered cheese pizza, garlic knots, and my friend ordered a personal meat pizza of some sort, and all of it was very delicious.
2	ugh.  this place has been open for yearrrrrrrsssss...and it looks it!  Dirty & dingy...in bad need of a remodel.  nothing like their new location in Centennial Hills.  Seriously, this place looks gross and the staff is slow.  Horribly slow.
3	Their prices are pretty fair and the portions are huge. But it isn't really the best pizza in town and they have a few items that just tasted a bit bland (Pasta Pie).
4	Not my favorite Metro location, since it's obviously dated, but they have the same pizza you'd find at any of their other locations in town. I was finally able to try their early bird special. From 2:30 to 4:30 every Monday through Thursday, they offer 50% off every pizza on their menu. I never get the opportunity to take advantage of this offer, until New Year's. I got home early from work and I just couldn't resist trying out their discounted pizza. We tried The Loop, a stuffed pizza. It was my first time trying any of Metro's less traditional pies. The pizza was enormous, my mom and I were only able to finish one piece each and we had leftover pizza for the rest of the week. I had wished that the pizza would be stuff with more sauce and our server had recommended we have our sauce on the side as well, since we'd likely be taking it home for later. That was a smart idea, but it also left the pizza a little dryer and less flavorful than I would have liked. Next time, if I order this again, I will definitely get a smaller pizza so I could order the sauce on top to allow it to soak in and really saturate the pizza. Overall, they aren't my favorite pizza in town, but they are solid and they have excellent deals for lunch and early bird, that I just can't seem to resist.
4	Metro Pizza is one of my favorite pizzas in Vegas I've had them here and at the various locations.  I always joke about that you can't screw up making a good pizza but I've had people screw even that up.  Metro Pizza has never served me a bad pizza. You can order the usual pepperoni, cheese, mushroom, sausage, etc. They are delicious and huge. But you can also order the stockyard. You say what exactly is a stockyard!? It's only a stuffed pizza. A stuffed pizza on steroids. Eat it with a knife and fork or just pick it up and stuff it into your mouth. You can eat a slice but can you eat another or maybe another after that? Don't forget the baseball sized garlic knots and desserts like cheese cake, tiramisu, and cannoli. It's located in a shopping center on Flamingo and Decatur next to a Food4Less grocery store and Makino restaurant. Though it's spacious it does get busy. Also the interior is straight from the 80's in it's fluorescent colors kind of reminds me like The Max in Saved by the Bell but older notice the water stains. Customer service has been fast and friendly. I don't frequently go to this location but they all service excellent food.
1	Super disappointed in our experience here.  Walked in at about 1:30pm for lunch on Feb 15th and we were seated in the back where it was dark and cold.  We asked to be moved only to be taken upstairs to another lonely terrible table.  The hostess disappeared as soon as she could without asking if this was a better table.  When people go out to eat its about the experience along with the food.  To sit us in Siberia with no ambience is not OK.  We saw a table in a great spot that was waiting to be cleared she could have offered or she could have let us know the approximate wait time on a better table.  We walked out and won't be coming back.
4	I had the sausage pizza and thought it was great. I think the menu described it as a Chicago style pizza. Maybe the sausage is from Chicago, but this is not deep dish. Actually pretty thin. But I definitely liked it and would definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas. I was there too late for it, but they were advertising half off pizza during the late afternoon.
4	3.5 stars, rounding up instead of down: didn't try the pizza here, but instead stuck to a takeout order of the famed sliders. Love that the staff didn't even mind me customizing my order to have two meatball and two shrimp.Placed order by phone, was ready when I walked in, paid and was out the door. Cashier made chitchat while running my card and wished me a good day before pouncing on a ringing phone- good multitasking skills.Meatball sliders were tasty, but a bit heavy for me- hence the need to change up the other half of my order. The shrimp sliders were actually pretty genius, they're not something you see often and they were actually very well done. Shrimp is lightly breaded, sauce is a slightly spicier diavola, and the garlicky taste of the shrimp is complemented by the garlic knot of the slider. It's garlic mania up in there.The fries though, were on the soggy side and seemed a tad on the old side. The garlic and romano cheese were applied sparingly but were very good- kept catching myself licking my fingertips between bites!Will have to come back to try the pizza here- I don't buy whole pizzas because I have self control issues and would eat the entire thing, but rumor has it they sell by the slice for weekday lunch specials. Now if only I had a weekday off that wasn't due to being sick...
4	Always good pizza if you don't like it greasy don't come here however I do I just got a quick large pepperoni on Monday - Thursday 2:30 to 4:30 every pizza is half off so a really big pizza for a pretty fair price  it was good as usual I guess if your really into authentic Italian pizza the cheese is pretty normal nothing extravagant as well as the sauce but it works for me, I really enjoyed much better than any dominoes, papa johns or something like that and pretty much the same price especially Monday - Thursday so stop by and try for yourself instead of crappy quick places such as those also the decor is adorable I love the old school vibe. Will come back plenty more times ;).
4	So for the longest time my boyfriend was going on and on about how great this place was.  I always thought he was exaggerating and I wouldn't agree if I ever tried the place.  Sooo we finally went there together and I now must hang my head and say that I am a believer in Metro Pizza.I got the chicken and herb calzone, he got the small Gotham.  The calzone (which was HUGE) had fresh tomatoes and herbs, cheese was evenly melted, and the chicken was nice and juicy.  As much as I hate to admit it, though, his pizza trumped all others I've had in Vegas.  The meat was juicy chunks of ground beef and pepperoni.  The crust was just the right amount of flaky and crunchy.  Mmmmm!!Our waiter was very sweet and polite.  He seemed to be a hard worker as he was not only helping us, but cleaning about and doing other duties while the others didn't seem to be doing much.  Unfortunately, there was a weird smell towards the back of the restaurant where we were seated.  Almost a wet table rag smell.  The food and service made up for it though.Definitely recommend Metro Pizza, maybe as take out... and I definitely will be back for more.
5	I love metro pizza! Been here and other locations many times and have not been disappointed yet. Always on point and great service.
4	Ordered from this location as the one on the strip had a 2hr wait (or just didn't want to deliver). The antipasto was massive! Great mix of cheeses, meats, and marinated veggies. Also had two pizzas, pretty decently sized, thin crust pizzeria style. Evened it all out with the garlic knots, just the right amount of garlic/butter on them. Order actually came earlier than the expectation and the delivery guy kept the antipasto separate from the hot items. Nice touch. Will order again from these guys!
1	These guys really need to step it up. This location is haggard inside and out. The service is really bad. Nobody is communicating with each other or their customers. And the food is not consistent with the other locations at all.
1	The food here is always great.. My review today is regarding the delivery. I feel a little bad posting this.. But at the same time.. Standards have to be in place. The delivery driver who brought me my order reeked of urine... Not animal ... It was so unappetizing. I could not even eat what I ordered a complete waste of $30!!!  For a person to approach my door in that state with food... How can this be? He is in the restaurant picking up the food to deliver.. Do the other employees and owners not smell this? If i can smell it while he is outside my door... how can no one there not smell this? How could standards be so low?... I'm so turned off by this..
3	The pizza here is good. Good enough to go back to their not so great customer service and $10 delivery fee? Not so much.  The thing with companies like this is that they stop caring about the customer because they feel like their business will always be around  because they've already built a customer base.  That's my only explanation as to why they  could treat customers that way.
2	Came here during happy hour and the service was horrible .  They were all chit chatting and no one bothered to help us or take our order for awhile . It was slow and like no one cared .  The pizza was ok at best .  I will not be back.
4	I've tried a few different things here...my all time favorite is definitely the meatball sliders. Image a great tasting meatball in a slider....however instead of a regular old bun...it's place in between a soft garlic knot. It's amazing! A new discovery that I decided to try was the Flying Piggle Pizza. Succulent BBQ pulled pork, fried onion strings and butter pickles. THIS IS A MUST HAVE!
5	The shrimp and feta calzone is delicious. I added spinach and it was huge. The mozzarella was delcious and there was plenty of cheese. The marinara was full of flavor. The bbq chicken calzone was also very good and had the right amount of red onions and sauce with chicken
4	Simply one of the best pizzas put together!hot and delicious! The cheese just makes it happen.
4	Love it! I always order the #1 lunch special and a glass of wine! Really good stuff.
4	Ups and downs here but overall the food is good. The decor does not fit at all but not a big deal. Waited about 5 mins before anyone acknowledged us. The food and pizza is good but definitely pricey. The customer service is not the best, but the food makes up for it.
5	Probably some of the best pizza you'll ever have, and they cater to both thin and thick crust aficionados alike! Toppings are plentiful and yummy! There are other locations, but this location is the bet IMHO. Total throwback to the 80s, it's great!Service is always exceptional, efficient and extraordinarily friendly (especially Ann, who's been there something like 25+ years!).
5	I ordered a pineapple pizza from here today and it was so yummy! The garlic breads are to die for!!
4	Ever since college (early 1990s), I've been coming to this pizza chain. This may be the only one that has not converted to their newer, updated theme, like a family style pizza place. It's very 1980's in here. I totally agree with Blair B. on the decor looking like it came from "Saved By The Bell" set, bright colors, and geometric shapes paired with black and white print contrast. Still my favorite place to get a pizza at a sit-down restaurant. My favorite remains to be be the "Gotham"- pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, mushrooms, green peppers, and onions. And then, to take some home, to have at another time, it's a treat. It's not as greasy as my husband's favorite, Pizza Hut. I've also had on the menu: the sandwiches (eggplant parmesan), salad (house), and the calzones (huge), too- which are all, very yummy too. What I always saw at the Trop location, was the huge pizza for takeout, I always wondered about that, I think that it's one topping, but I could be wrong.This location is probably the smallest one, and so, it can fill up fast. But if you get there at the right time, your wait time (for a table and for your food) won't be so bad. Service was pretty good. The hostess was nice. But because it's a small place, there might be a wait for the restroom (single one).Great pizza, good food, a trusted pizza chain restaurant. There is a reason why I've loved the Gotham pizza for so many years.
4	Great pizza! The service was good as well. I enjoyed the meat lovers pizza except for the hamburger bits. It didn't quite go with the rest of the pizza. The buffalo wings were excellent. They have cheap beers, $3 and $4!! Next time They had grease (the movie) themed decorations which I enjoyed. They offer a pizza making class in the evenings that I would like to try one day too. Next time I'm in Vegas I will def stop by!
3	Solid 3 star experience for me.  Not amazing, but definitely not bad.  I'd be happy to return, or even order for pickup/delivery.We walked in at about 7:00pm on Friday night for date night, and were seated right away.The place itself is a little worn down, but still clean, and comfortable.  Service was...strange.We were seated by a friendly girl, and then a young guy in a tuxedo shirt and bowtie came over to get our drinks...when we gave him our coupon for free meatball sliders, he became a bit confused, and had to get the manager, who took care of us for the rest of the night...but the guy in the bowtie kind of...hovered around the table, almost like he wasn't sure what he was supposed to be doing...The manager was very nice though.We waited about 20 minutes for the food, which isn't a bad wait. The food LOOKED amazing. The Meatball Sliders:  meatballs, sauce and cheese served on a garlic knot with french fries. Whoever came up with the idea to do a slider on a garlic knot...well, they're a genius, and I want to kiss them.  What a great idea!For me, the meatballs could have been seasoned just a touch more, but they were pretty good.  Very heavy.  I only had one (and it happened to be the only slider on the plate that was DRIPPING in grease), and was pretty much done eating.Pantheon Pizza:  White pizza with Garlic cream sauce, Mozzarella, chicken, spinach and feta.  YUM.  Absolutely delicious. The only issue with this, is that the pizza was not cooked evenly...my two pieces had crust that was solid and crisp.  Morgan's 2 were soggy.   The flavor was really good, but we'd have liked to see a little more consistency with the cooking. All in all, the meal was good.  The flavors were there, and service was pretty good.  I would definitely go back again.
2	I came here previously and my girlfriend raves this place but I wasn't so happy with it. The place is run down but we live to far to go to the Henderson location. First off the prices are very high and they don't even have a medium it's either big or tiny. Second we called to order over the phone 15 minutes before we arrived to make sure they had it ready when we arrived. We ordered a large half cheese half Gotham with no ground meat and extra sausage. We got there and we paid for the order and it took over 15 more minutes for them to cook our pizza.The customer service was extremely poor when we were there. They were not busy but took forever to get my order to me. When we returned home we had the pizza and the crust was SO thin that the pizza broke apart. The crust underneath was burnt . My girlfriend still raves this place but I still am not sure. Maybe if they get better faster service !
4	I like this pizza. It's not like, the best, but it's good. We have been here twice and both times we have ordered the pepperoni (large is 16"), garlic knots and this time, the wings. They forgot our ranch though (we took it to go). I wouldn't recommend the wings for take out, they have potential to be better when dining in, but we probably won't be ordering them again.Also, forget dining in. The neon lights and the crazy 80s diner pizza combo just freaks me out.We will order again, however! And maybe next time, we will try something new.
1	Okay so first of all I am not a avid yelper. I only will post if something is extremely terrible. Now my husband and I have been coming to this metro for years and his parents before that. The food in fantastic and always so fresh. I don't live very far from here so I decided to order delivery one night. The food was on time and perfect. Later on that night I went to check my email and found out I was over charged (I get email alerts through my bank), I checked my bank and almost fainted. My bill was about $24, which I was charged and saw on my account, with an additional $236 (separately charged). They charged me twice. I called and spoke with the manager that was on for the night, he proceeded to tell me that they did not charge me twice and he doesn't know what happened. Well I know for sure the bank doesn't automatically charge you on their own. The staff must have charge me twice, the manager didn't believe that was the case. First of all, as a manager you should be reassuring your client, take some responsibility and learn how to do your job. You CANT tell me you don't know what happened . That is a joke!!! He called the owners and they said the charge was going to drop the same night and that it wasn't going to get charged. And then gave me a $25 credit for next time. Credit or no credit, it's not the point. Whoever ran my credit card, ran it twice and they couldn't take any responsibly for it, THEY JUST DONT KNOW!!!! Apparently, they just don't know what they are doing. So good food, but if you ever order delivery, be aware. And check your bank afterwards.
5	I rushed in front of my computer screen to write this review after coming home from the godsend that is Metro Pizza. This is easily one of the best pies I've ever had in my life! 3 Reasons why Metro Pizza is as good as it gets:1. The service was spectacular. Before we ordered, my dining companions had a math-heavy conversation about whether two small pizzas or one large pizza was going to be a better deal. We asked the manager the same question. I thought that I was going to get some BS answer but I was pleasantly surprised he had already done the math. He assured us that the large is indeed a better deal than two small pizzas. Of course they answered all of our "stupid" questions, topped off our waters, brought us refills of bread during our pizza wait, and the usual. At the end of the meal, the manager brought out complimentary cannoli's. What's there to complain about?2. Metro Pizza is extremely accommodating. They were happy to half/half our pizza. We ended up ordering a large with the Patheon on one side and a Meat Lovers' on the other side. Metro Pizza also gave us nice sides of ranch without the usual 33 cent fee. They have a calendar of specials every day so you know you are going to get amazing food at a steal!3. The Pie is amazing! Not too thick, not too thin.,.not burnt nor under-cooked. Goldilocks would have been pleased...these people put time and love into their pies. Everything tasted delicious but what impressed me the most was the crust! Pizza crusts are usually doughy and heavy but no! This one was light, crispy and airy. Amazing....simply amazing.
