5	Guilt-Free Gluttony!My family is looking for ways to enjoy food and follow our weight conscious guidelines. One way is to substitute frozen yogurt for frozen custard or ice cream. We were leery about this change because we love our ice cream. However, the choices, quality and price of TCBY yogurt made the adjustment much easier. Dig in ... chow down. When you eat their frozen yogurt (preferably with their handful of fruit selections), you'll realize that you are not missing anything and even feel refreshed (as opposed to weighted down with heavy cream and guilt) afterward.This location is helpful, friendly, efficient and inviting.
4	Yum! I always like stopping in here after I grab some chips and salsa from La Mestiza, just down the way. The yogurt is so refreshing and light. I'm a fan of the white chocolate, and last time I was in they had a plain tart flavor that was delicious(it would be fantastic with fruit, too!). Service is always friendly.
5	If only there was another location on the east side.  There are a lot of custard shops in my area but I don't think twice about driving all the way to the west side for some of this yogurt.  They have many different flavors and have always let me sample ones before I make my decision.  They have alot of topping to choose from and you can also have the same kinds of dishes that you are used to with custard.  Sundaes, parfaits, banana splits, to name a few.  They also have smoothies and other things advertised that I haven't had the chance to try, but have no doubts that they are good.They have something for everyone and its basically guilt free!!
5	this probably makes me anti-wisconsin... but i simply love this place!  the non-fat chocolate tastes better than the calorie-laden alternatives densely populating the area.  and on a very lucky day, the grapefruit sorbet is the ultimate when fresh from the tap.  hitting that flavor is like winning the lottery!  also, the guilt-free menu options make it a great date-night stop if you don't want to hear your SO complaining post-indulgence about all of the weight they probably gained.
3	Free toppings on tuesday and the specials continue for each day of the week.I think I am going to keep this place for the kids.  Neon colored frozen yogurt was totally up their alley. While I give them kuddos for keeping little people happy, I would rather have something without all the coloring.
5	Yum! So delish and such a clean place! Wonderful staff! My toddlers were impressed by the toppings!
