5	I called these guys from a recommendation from another contractor that works at our home. We have a wood stove insert that had to be removed in order from them to clean the chimney. I was really impressed how careful they were when moving our furniture and covering our hardwood floors to protect them for when they removed the stove. They charged a minimal fee for the removal and it was well worth it. When they were done they laid a clean cloth in the firebox and shined a light up the chimney and invited me to inspect their work to make sure I was satisfied...which I was. I will be using these guys each fall before I start burning wood for the winter.
5	If I could give them 10 stars I would. I had a wood burning fireplace that had been converted to gas about 20 years ago. I had them come out to inspect it, clean it, and see if everything was in good shape for burning wood fires. I also inquired about them capping the gas line and sealing everything up for me.They came out, right on time (5 minutes early) and had inspected and swept my chimney in about 30 minutes. After fully explaining to me their report on the chimney he told me that he would be back in 2 days to cap the gas line after he got the required fittings.He came back right on time 2 days later, DIDN'T EVEN CHARGE ME FOR THE GAS LINE CAP OFF!The customer service was unbelievable, from the first time I called when he explained everything to me in full to them cleaning and explaining everything, and to capping off the gas line for free. I cannot say enough about how pleased I am with A Chimney Bug! I will definitely be using them year after year for chimney cleanings and inspections.If you need work on your fireplace, these are the ONLY guys to go to. You cannot beat the price (I called everyone!) and the knowledge and customer service are good enough that they could be charging much more.
1	These people are crooks. Back in January, I gave them a $1200 deposit to begin work on installing a stainless steel flue and they set a date for work to begin. The date came and went and the owner claimed that he couldn't do the work because his girlfriend had broken up with him and he had to go to rehab because otherwise he might kill himself.  He assured me I would get my money back. Even went so far as to have his elderly mother call me and promise me he would pay me back. He never has, nor has she. Both phones no longer accept calls and even though I've been by his house a 3214 Draper Ave in Charlotte, he seems to have vanished - with my money.
