5	Our thursday evening @ 6 crew is the best!Bob will motivate even the most stubborn weight watcher (I know, frequently it's ME.)We're welcoming, kind, supportive and FUN.Join us or catch another group lead by Bob throughout the valley.  He's my favorite, ever--you won't regret it.
3	1)  The Program Works:   We have been on WW Online (no meetings) for 15 months and have lost 70# combined.  The program works and we can eat anything we like BUT when we have used all our allowed daily points, we must not eat anything else that has points. ... if we want to maintain or lose.    a)  We cannot use the weekly allowance points and lose.    b)  Our salvation is sugar-free fat free popsicles, crisp gala apples, salad veggies & dehydrated fruit juice (Jolly Ranchers) which do not seem to impact our weight.2)  WW ONLINE has one severe FLAW for us.  Both my husband and I pay monthly fees and have separate WW accounts online.  We easily log our food daily. Alas, when we try to print (For Example) Smart Ones $$ off COUPONS, it will only allow one of us to print coupons.   a)  We believe it is because we share one email address even tho we have two different WW accounts and pay two fees monthly.  Hmmm!   b)  We have called and written WW locally and corporate and no one has fixed the problem. It''s been going on for forever plus one. SIGH!   c)  Some computer guru at WW sent us a multi page, million step suggestion to make the coupons print.  We are not computer literate enuf to even try such an outrageous complex solution.  Sheeesh!   d)  We do not think WW Online treats everyone equally.3)  When we tried to order Scales online from the WW store during a time when they were offering a discount, we found they were over-charging including local sales tax on their outrageous shipping fee AND the on-sale scales were actually something like10% higher than if we were buying retail at a local WW meeting place.    a)  We went to two local meeting places to try to buy the scales. Struck Out!    b)  Finally a Mesa WW clerk took pity on us and sold us one.  WHEW!  The scales makes dieting sooo much easier.  We can put our plate/bowl on the scales and zero it out, and then add the food.  It has a glass top for easy cleaning.  It will also calculate points and more.... but for us, the major feature is easy weighing of food at the table.    c)  Seemed like a lot of effort on our part to spend money with WW.  Absurd, eh?!4)  To end on a positive note,  when I have physically attended meeting places, all the WW personnel have been polite, courteous, tried to be helpful and made me feel welcome.  As with any business, some were better informed and better trained than others, but all seemed like decent folks doing their best!--Ann Reid 4.24.2014Arizona
