5	Wonderful service facility. The manager is great and the service and staff are reliable.
1	Brought my F250 truck in for 2 new tires, and an oil change.  price for just under $200.  Don't know what kind of crap tires they sold me, but they needed to be replaced in 16,000 miles.  When I was told this by anothern tire shop, (and looked at them myself) I went back to them with the original invoice, they looked at them and told me the excessive wear must be my driving condiotions , they offered no help, and were kinda of rude.  I'll never go near that place again!
5	Been coming here for years to get oil changes. They are quick, friendly, and respectful. There is always an oil change deal going on here so if you need one and are looking for a discount, this is the place. Generally they will offer other services if they see any potential problems with your vehicle, but they are respectful of your decisions whether you decide to use them or not.
5	Great service and very friendly.  Oil change didn't take long and they gave me a discount.  Def going here for my car again.
5	Auto repair can be tricky business. Not so with Advanced Auto, where I have been going for seven years without a single negative experience. Honesty, integrity and guaranteed work are the hallmarks of this business (every location is great; I've dealt with multiple stores in Phoenix & Flagstaff). They will not try to sell you more than is needed. I also appreciate that they tell you up front they may not be the least expensive option; their promise is to do their work well and stand behind it. That being said, I believe their pricing is very fair. Take the stress out of your next auto repair experience and see Steve and Michael, who will put your mind at ease while servicing your vehicle.
5	Absolutely stunning, no matter what you need done. Deal with Mike there, he 'll come through for you,no matter what.I'm generally not one for overstating the facts, but this guy is tops,because he has a conscience as well and that's quite rare these days. Not only am I inclined to give them five stars but will gladly hand them the Sun and the Moon also.Simply put, I'm glad I know them and highly recommend this business.
5	It's really really hard to find a car place that doesn't cost a billion dollars and also won't screw you over, or where you don't feel like you're being screwed over. We've taken our car into this place twice, the first time it wouldn't start and this time was just for an oil change and brakes. The only reason we used them initially was because they're pretty much across the street from us and they either towed the car in for free or for really cheap (I can't remember it was like a year ago). We were impressed so we went back for the oil change, and it turns out we didn't even need the brakes done. Instead of the guy (I think his name was Mike but I can't remember and it's not on the receipt) just replacing the brakes and making money off us, he told us that the brakes were still good for another few thousand miles and that we didn't need it right now. That right there impressed me, and will make me recommend this place to others and keep coming back here.
