2	Salty steak and greasy chicken for far too much money?  Limp salads with gross 'custom' dressings?  No thanks!I'm not a big fan of the Outback, as you can see.  I don't like the way the server crouches down to take your order and I'm not a big fan of rolling my potatoes in giant rocks of salt.  Someone with a definite sugar deficiency creates their salad dressings, and one of their chicken alternatives (the Alice Springs Chicken, I believe) comes coated not only in bacon and cheese, but far too much of it and I think with a side of extra grease.I would just be wary of any restaurant that charges you $20 for a steak AND shows football.
4	For the price. I do not think you can beat this place. I know they do not serve prime meat but the food has always been consistently good here (as for all outback steakhouses). The steaks are always seasoned well and quite tender for prime cuts. The sides are good, I always get a side of green beans and the sweet potato. The bread is awesome but sometimes it is not that fresh. Service is always average.A good steakhouse for the price.
4	During the previews for Iron Man 2 at Sam's Town, Outback Steakhouse boasted a free appetizer with entree purchase with our ticket stub. Being Mother's Day and since my mother and I are both fans, we decided to head on over. Even though upon arriving they told us it was a 20-30 minute wait, we got in there in less than 15 minutes. We let our server know about the deal which he did take off our bill at the end of the night. My mom got the Outback special with snow crab legs, with a side salad and baked potato. I got the bloomin' onion to share, a side caesar salad and a baked potato as well. There aren't too many vegetarian options obviously (and I didn't feel like getting the Parmesan pasta dish that they did have) but the sides are a meal on their own. The pacing was very nice on the food. Got the bloomin' onion first which was hot and fresh and super delicious, then we got the salad and the bread (the salads definitely needed more dressing, but our server brought us more right away - also I'm pretty sure they changed the dressing recipe as well which is not as good. And $4.75 for a small salad bowl is kind of a rip-off.). Shortly after my mom got her main course and I got my baked potato. The potatoes are always great but I got mine with cheese, but there was hardly any on it. Although with the amount of butter I have consumed today, maybe that should be a non-issue. My mom's steak was made to her satisfaction, and holy shit at the crab legs. I think this was a good winter because these snow crabs were freakin' mutant-size. They were so big my mom only had one bite of her steak before calling it a night. Overall I do love the food (the salad was the only "meh" part, I really hope we got some weird dressing batch) and the price wasn't bad, evened out to $15 each including tip, and we got the bloomin' onion free. I was also expecting the customer service to be awful since they were extremely busy but we got excellent service which is the main reason I will continue to come here, butter overload and all.
4	Nice service...friendly staff. Can't go wrong with the Outback special...bloomin onion is always good as well as the caesar salad...yum. Ribs are kinda tough, but its not a rib joint...so stick with the steak. Overall good experience every time.
3	Outback Steakhouse is a Outback Steakhouse.  I am not a big fan but my friends wanted to treat us out.  What set this one apart of others Outback Steakhouse was our server.  I didn't get her name but she was amazing.  She took her time and listen to us.  I didn't felt rushed at all and explained any questions we have.  Thank you to our server...our meals were more tasteful.
2	Kinda disappointed as far as Outbacks go. My bf and I were planning to go here a few weeks prior but believe it or not we got rained out! It was pouring cats & dogs so we just stayed where we were and had a few drinks. SO finally getting to dine after church I was excited and ordered my favorite salad...... or so I thought. I ordered the Cobb salad. GROSS. I am a Cobb salad lover but I realized after getting this..this is a tweaked new menu..and the tweaking is uncalled for and should be discontinued as far as this salad option goes. COBB: IT HAD ICEBURG. everyone who really likes salads will tell you that iceburg has no nutritional value.. and no flavor. I prefer romaine and butter lettuce if I had an option. Sadly I didnt ask and I should have. it had warm chicken (bad bad idea to get cold everything and throw in hot greasy chicken) just plain gross. it had tomatoes and maybe half an egg chopped up. a few pieces of fat (that was supposed to be bacon) and maybe 1/2 tsp of blue cheese crumbled. The whole salad sounded a 1000x better on the menu than the disgusting gross mess that was presented to me. Never again Outback. At least not that. And with LV having so many places to try.. I think it will be another few years before I go back. Just so disappointed.SERVICE: It was early on a sunday afternoon (and this location is starting to be one of the 1st to open for lunch on sundays. The waitress was nice and attentive but she was like a car salesman constantly tryping to get us to order more and more and more and more. One appetizer for 2 people is enough. and To be honest I didnt even want that b/c i was so excited for my salad... glad he got it after all b/c even after the salad I left hungry which after a $45 bill you should never leave hungry. APPETIZER: SHRIMP ON THE BARBIE. overratted and overrpriced. I'd much rather have had the ahi tuna one. almost $10 but way better tasting. still overrpriced but delish.. but looking @ the quality of the rest of the meal ... I've lost faith in this place and in Outback in LV altogether.  If you want steak try going to a casino and just asking for a "steak special" most places have it ... and its off the menu. lol.
2	I had a taste for a blooming onion, its not what it use to be so I said something. It was taken off my bill and received a gift card for a return visit. Very loyal staff and management. They can use smaller plates since the meals are tiny. Really tiny.
4	I like the caesar salad and the Outback special. I hate that I like it. Servers are always nice.
1	long story short, the place is the worst experience i have had in years.  the blooming onion greasy the salad sparse one waiter must have taken a bath in his cologne,  and finally  the steak cooked medium rare was tough as shoe leatheri will never go back to that poor excuse of a restaurant
5	Tonight I had a great dinner with my husband. Tori did a great job taking care of us in the lounge area. The strawberry peach sangria was delicious, sweet and great flavor, so good I drank 3 :). My hunny had ice cold bud light. I had the sirloin (mw) and grilled shrimp(4) with a loaded potato and fresh broccoli. it was very filling. My husband had the build your own steak with the sirloin (mw) with the seasonings but cooked on the grill which he thought was a little on thw dry side. He had the aussie fries as his side but thought they were soggy and bland, he preffers large steak fries. His dinner presentation was on the boring side, not very impressing but his dinner salad that he started with was fantastic. It was the perfect salad for my husband... Lettuce, cheese, croutons, bacon and ranch only. It was crisp and delicious. We will definitly be back to visit Tori, thanks for the great experience!!
5	Unfortunately, my favorite neighborhood Outback has closed.  This video is quite fitting, I believe:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjT9LDZ_D60
