2	Tried this place today, as I noticed it was new and in my neighborhood, and unfortunately it was mediocre at best. I ordered a soup and salad for lunch, which was supposed to come with garlic bread, but they never brought it (and I did not ask).  The soup was their "soup of the day" - chicken, cheddar and bacon.  Unfortunately it was very bland and had a poor texture.  The salad was clearly bagged salad that had not been picked through very well, as it had pieces mixed in that were past their expiration.  Also, the root piece from a heart of romaine lettuce was somehow mixed in as well.  The balsamic dressing that came with it seemed like bottled dressing - not very fresh or notable. The couple seated next to me offered their waiter some "constructive criticism" on their meals, as they were disappointed in whatever they had as well.  The only reason I did not give this one star is the wait staff was very pleasant and the food came out fairly quickly.  I wish I had found a new fabulous place in Desert Ridge to visit, but I do not think I will be back.
2	The dining area is clean and neat, but I ordered a California burger and regretted it. The patty was tasteless and dripping with grease. And the bun the use is huge and tasteless. It was a good size burger you guessed it.... Tasteless. Try seasoning the meat and change bun. Service was good so not to totally bash them.. p.s., owner(I assume) don't just stand at register staring at everyone.... kinda wierd
5	Great experience.  Went on a busy Sunday morning around 11am.  Six adults and two children. We were seated promptly and then made a table change request after another table left (one of the children is an infant and the original high-top table didn't work).  No issues at all with that and they were very accommodating.  Our large order was delivered quickly with no issues.  Everyone REALLY enjoyed their dishes.  Kids were pleased and adults too.  I have vegan tendencies and they made adjustments to my order as I requested.  The menu has some originals and some "old favorites" but all are priced reasonable.  We will be back and love to see the recent Groupon...
4	I found a coupon in the Savvy Shopper so decided to check this place out since it is new to the Desert Ridge area.This used to be a little deli next to Pita Jungle.  I thought they did a really cute job remodeling it and making the most of the small space.  BTW, kudos to the owner for selecting the curved high-back booth which blocks the view of the bathroom doors!  Very smart!I thought the food was quite scrumptious.  I ordered the crab benedict omelet with breakfast potatoes.  The potatoes were not the best I've had and a little greasy and over-cooked.  My BF ordered the chicken sausage hash and said he really liked it.I will be back for another visit.  It is nice to have a new breakfast spot in the area and support local businesses.
4	I go out to eat often and had salads from many very good places. I've been here twice so far and both times the salads were excellent and above average. The steak salad was made with delicious crusted filet mignon that was more delicious than many dinners out I've had. I was very impressed with the ahi tuna salad as it was very fresh and nicely crusted. Since then I had a salmon salad that was also very good. The second time we were here my husband ordered the chicken panini. He received a very delicious fresh chicken sandwich. The inside was toasted but not the outside like what I think of like a panini.  Or it just didn't make it to the panini press. I don't know.  He just ate it and said it was a delicious sandwich he liked the fresh juicy chicken , the roasted pepper and the cheese. I note they were training a new girl that day and I don't know if they make this sandwich this way all the time or not.I do note I deleted my original review because for a short time someone changed the Name and address of this place and I didn't want to have a false review on Yelp. After all that's not logical but it is logical to order a salad from here!
3	Went here today and had breakfast.  I thought the food was excellent.  The waitress,  on the other hand seemed timid.  We were very disappointed to hear her say to the table next to us (after receiving our order) "our special today is biscuits and gravy". She didn't tell us any specials, and we certainly would've ordered it as this is our favorite breakfast item!  I wish Cynthia would have told us!
3	Mediocre food and wait staff. I ordered the special French toast.  Nothing special about it.   It was suppose to be stuffed with Marscapone cheese.  I couldn't find it anywhere.  And the cherry compote was very unappealing to look at as it was very dark brown. I would rather of had cherries in a jelly.   Probably wont be going back any time soon.
2	Good service. Average food. Bad air conditioning to the point where it was steaming. Banana Nutella crepe had barely any Nutella, mostly just bananas and cream. The place has potential but they need to pick it up a notch.
1	The restaurant is about 15 miles from my house so I made a special trip to have breakfast Sunday morning, only to find a sign on their door saying NO GROUPONS accepted on weekends. Called Groupon and informed them the restaurant had taken it upon themselves to change the conditions of the Groupon. Groupon said they would reach out to the restaurant and have them contact me. They did not. Therefore, Groupon as a good honest customer orientated refunded my purchase price. So cant really comment on the food because I did not eat there and don't care to give my business to people who lie to me.
4	We went for breakfast today, our first visit. The place was hard to find, it's in the back row, surrounded by medical offices. It is in the same building as Pita Jungle and Sushi Station. The restaurant is new, very clean and comfortable. I had the Baja Chicken Hash, my husband had the Spanish omelet. Food was good, the chicken sausage in the hash was a little bit sweet, a little bit smokey. Eggs were poached perfectly, My husband's omelet was huge, full of cheddar cheese, onions and peppers. Breakfast potatoes were nicely seasoned and cooked well. It's nice to have a new breakfast spot, locally owned and not a chain. We will be back.
3	I came here on Friday for a late lunch. It was busy but not crowded. There was one server and service was fine. No problems, but nothing special or awesome either. I had the salmon salad, and it was definitely not what I expected. The salmon was on one side of the plate, and the salad was on the other side of the plate. The salmon had an arugula pesto dressing (I love pesto but this tasted bland and like arugula and no basil, I guess), and the salad part had something white and creamy that might have been ranch. My mom got the steak salad and it looked good. My husband got eggs benedict, and he was bored/underwhelmed. My dad got a burger which looked good. No complaints from my parents :) It was fine, but wouldn't go again. I love going out for breakfast/brunch, but there have to be better places around.
4	Chicken-less Baja chicken hash makes for a great vegetarian option, along with breakfast sandwich minus bacon. Homemade roasted corn adds pleasant, crispy bite with the eggs, potatoes and peppers in warm corn tortillas. And Amy says it's some of the best coffee she's had in a while.
4	This place is tucked in the corner on the opposite side of the street from Desert Ridge's main shopping complex (next door to Pita Jungle). We headed here for breakfast since we have been meaning to try this place for some time.  Right away we were greeted by a server and seated in a nice booth.  There are only about 20 seats in the place, so I'm sure it fills up on weekdays with all the businesses in the same lot. We were fortunate that it wasn't slammed when we went.  We both chose to get the special of the day, which was the ham steak plate (see picture).  The portion was huge!  The ham was delicious, the potatoes were cooked just right and the eggs were made to order - he had scrambled, I had over-medium.  Luna was one of the servers working that morning and she stopped by to check on us and we struck up a conversation.  She was extremely nice and we felt really welcome the entire time we were there trying to finish up our monster plates of food.They also have a frequent eaters card that you can build up points on and perhaps get a free breakfast! They are free and you don't have to fill out any paperwork or anything, so grab one up when you go.Overall: AWe will definitely be back to this cafe and fingers crossed they have the ham steak special running again when we do!
4	Spotted a Groupon for this place and wanted to try it out as it was new to the Desert Ridge area.  We stopped in for lunch on a weekday.  We were greeted and seated right away.  We ordered the Ahi Salad and the Angus Beef Burger.  The burger was well seasoned and delicious.  Surprising to find such a tasty burger in a little Cafe.  The Ahi Salad was alright...generous on the ahi.  Staff was friendly.  I'd definitely drop in again to trying something else on their menu.
5	I have come here a couple times. the first time the service wasn't very stellar. I decided to give it another chance and I was very impressed. The BREAKFAST WAS COOKED PERFECT! The fruit that came with the meal was actually ripe and the potatoes were delicious. The service was very good( I actually think it was the owner that waited on us). He even threw in the bacon for free which was nice. alltogether a great liittle cafe that i will definately come back to.
5	Seriously fresh and delicious food. Chef makes everything from the bread for the sand which to the butter on your toast. I will be going back in the morning to eat breakfast and I also have my eye on his home made red velvet cake.
5	What an amazing little gem tucked away in Desert Ridge. I had the grilled veggie sandwich with split pea and bacon soup. Both were absolutely delish! Will def come back...I'm thinking Sunday for breakfast. :)
5	It was decently priced. I had a lunch combo with a full sandwich and a soup. Soup was decent, but the Tuna sandwich was great. It didn't let me down, so I'll come back for brunch.
4	Very fresh and extremely flavorful! Try the Baha Chicken Hash. This is an update to my prior evaluation. We have been 4 or 5 times and only once was the experience less than favorable.Thank you Mario for responding to my prior experience. That shows you really care about providing a high quality product.
3	Decent food. The servers are friendly. Only negatives-took a long time to get our food and they didn't seem busy. The coffee was too bad to drink.
4	We went here for Sunday brunch and were seated inside immediately. The food was fantastic. Best ham & cheese omelette I've ever had. My wife's brioche French toast looked especially amazing and she said it was delicious. We did share a side of chicken sausage which I didn't particularly care for. Service was friendly and helpful, but the food did take a while to come out. A good place for families but also nice enough for a special brunch.
5	This is a great cafe with a phenomenal menu! Eggs benedict have a interesting southweest twist to them and I loved it. My wife said that was the best split pea soup she has ever had... We will absolutely be back! Oh and let's not forget the great service!
5	The food here is amazing and the service is always great!!! Would recommend this place to anyone...
5	Always looking for brunch spots around town that are not too crowded. This place is great. Cute little spot tucked into desert ridge by the pita jungle.Food and service was great.I had the cafe Benedict which is an eggs Benedict with small filet steaks instead of ham. Totally delicious.Wife had the chicken and bri sandwich which she loved.We will be back for sure!
4	What a cool little breakfast spot.  Had the Cafe Benedict.  The filet was amazing! Great service and good food.. What else do you want?
4	Nice little secret tucked away in the Desert Ridge area. With all the neighboring chains around that offer mediocre food, Cafe at Desert Ridge offers up nice dishes with quality ingredients.  I had the Baja Chicken Hash and it was dynamite...add super nice attentive service and that is an equation for me to be back!
4	I go out to eat often and have been to many places. I can tell you the food from here has been consistent and very well prepared. The proteins I tried from various visits were very above average and many were better than from expensive dinners I had from other places. After not ordering the Ahi Tuna salad in a long time from I ordered it again fearing it wouldn't be as good as before but actually it was improved and even better! As before the generous amount of Ahi Tuna was just as delicious and just as fresh tasting with a tasty crust. The salad was fresh cut and I liked the fresh cut oranges in it and instead of a crusted toast I got this tasty toasted flat bread that was delicious. The whole salad was delicious and was great! My husband got the Chicken Fried Steak. "He said it was really good and why don't we come here more often?"Prices are reasonable. This is a small casual Breakfast/Lunch only place in the smaller shopping center across the street from Desert Ridge Mall.4.5 Stars
5	FANTASTIC neighborhood restaurant!!!  I have been several times and I keep going back and spreading the word.  Ingredients are always FRESH, HIGH quality, not OVER salted and the service is Fab!!!!  All criterias for 5 stars.  Check it out, you won't be dissapointed.  FYI, just went back and they now serve alcohol, and heard they are gearing up for dinner...can't WAIT!!!  Thank you Cafe Desert Ridge!!!
5	Always looking for a new breakfast place and finally tried here.  We were really pleasantly surprised at the remodeling of the old bagel joint. It's now a really cool spot with plenty of comfortable seating. The waiter was friendly and efficient. Our breakfast came out fast, fresh and wonderful.  Great portion size, beautifully presented and delicious.  Over the moon excited that they offered gluten free bread.  It's been way too long that I've enjoyed bread with my breakfast.  Ahhh the little things in life.  The prices were reasonable, coffee delish and always warmed up and we can't wait to return.
5	Really good breakfast! Had the grilled veggie omelet with gluten free toast. My son loved his banana/Nutella crepes. He loved them, but very rich! Great service and intimate place. Would highly recommend !
5	A good sized quaint cafe that has a nice menu and terrific quality ingredients. I'm here most weekends for brunch. Check out the awesome breakfast sandwich. So good I crave it
5	I live on the opposite side of town but I crave the latte so much I am willing to drive the 40 minutes on any given Saturday/Sunday. The Benedict's, the crepes amazing. It's my quiet get away in the middle of it all.
5	Best place ever to get breakfast. Small, very nicely decorated restaurant where the serving staff is always smiling.
4	Stopped in for an early dinner.  Was in the restuarant by myself for most of the visit so I was a little concerned but food was good.  Will definitely try for breakfast - very close to home and that's what the buzz seems to be about.
5	This place was cozy, quick and decent food right by my house! Sever was a young girl but good enough . Wasnt overcrowded but busy on a sun morning .
5	Love this spot! Never over crowded but steadily busy. The server is always the same when I come in and does a great job managing his customers. I'm a sucker for eggs Benedict and I get it every time i come here. It will make your taste buds dance! It's truly delicious. Great background music, always oldies. Place is dim and cozy. I like to come here and do my paperwork for work and relax, they won't kick you out and you never feel like your taking up space.  They have beer here and all types of beverages. Robbyrob recommended.
5	I really try to frequent "non-chain" restaurants & found this via Yelp. The Baja Chicken Hash was really good. Husband had the bacon & eggs & said the eggs were cooked as ordered & he liked the potatoes. It's close to home so we'll definitely be back.
5	Updating my previous review.  I have not had the French toast again but I seem to not be able to get enough of their delicious crepes!  My kids and I LOVE them!!  Everyone I bring into this place gets the crepes and loves them!  Delicious, awesome, amazing!  Keep up the great work!
5	We always come here for breakfast which we love!  Best crepes!!!  And fantastic service.  We just had dinner twice.. And it was amazing!  Everything homemade..if you have not tried it, you are missing out!!!
4	Nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle.  The place is small but quaint.  I have been there for breakfast and lunch, both were good.  Breakfast you cannot go wrong with any omelette.  For lunch I had the salmon salad and it was delicious!  The staff is super friendly and it is usually never busy.
3	Good little place for breakfast. Delicious eggs Benedict and biscuits and gravy. Very small, has some outside seating, if it's not too hot. Very sweet staff. Affordable and delicious!
5	Did this place close? The phone number is out of service. I loved this place! Very sad.
