4	This is one of those delightful little consignment and resale stores that I find out of town but not often in Phoenix.  The owner, Jeff, says it offers "eclectic treasures".  That would be one way of putting it.  Another is that you don't know quite what you might find there and that makes it worth going there and experiencing it.  It is far from fancy and as he doesn't have a high overhead, he can keep the prices down.  I saw antiques to knick knacks to furniture to live plants and that was in only one quick visit to the store this morning.  That to me is the real charm of this store.  Usually you would find it in a more bohemian part of a large city and it is has popped up in Phoenix?How did I find out about it?  A friend who works in a high end antique store in the Valley had heard about it from another friend.  She wasn't quite sure of the location but knew it was on the South side of the road, she thought.  She knew it had consignment and resale but that was about it.  The is one of those stores that word of mouth is going to help keep open.  I hope Yelp helps to do this.  Digging around for "treasure's" doesn't bother me.  It takes be back to a simpler place and time.  There are some framed theatre posters there that are begging me to go back and bring them home tomorrow. Best part is I can afford to think about them bring from this funky store; in another place I am not sure I'd be able to.Speaking of prices.  I hesitated to put inexpensive or moderate.  Check it out for yourselves.
4	A really great place. We stopped in the other day because we were in the area - I'd heard of Turtle's and their selection is wide indeed.I found some Melmac (60s plasticware) and there was a bunch of furniture - some midcentury modern type, other antique, others more 70s - but overall, a great mix.Their prices are reasonable to moderate, too. Super friendly owners/staff.I'd go back!
1	I was very disappointed in this store. We went to buy trees for our yard and found some that we liked. However, when we tried to buy them, the owner told us that the tags on the trees were last year's tags and the prices would be higher. Even at the higher price, the trees were a good value. I am not disputing that.  However, the customer should be shown a CORRECT price on the item, not told when ready to buy it that it is higher than posted. We were ready to buy five trees and wound up buying none. We had two other people along with us who also thought that the price in the item should be the price paid by the customer. None of us will be going back.
4	I went back to the store after getting an email from the owner and did get two trees from him that I was very happy with. He really does have the best prices in town and I will be getting more from him in the future.
4	Turtle Treasure's is awesome! I recently consigned a few things with them and the process was easy breezy. They came to my house and picked up my items and less than a month later I received a check in the mail for $99.50 for a desk that sold. Consignment doesn't get much easier than that, especially for furniture. The selection of furniture and antiques is always changing so this is definitely a store worth checking out.
5	Eclectic plunder at its finest. I love this store! Turtle's Treasures never ceases to surprise me with its range of treasures. Furniture, collectibles, works of art, books, music, plants, and more--they've got it all! I love their prices and their selection. The selection, vibe, and quirkiness of TT sets it apart from other stores. It's a good idea to keep checking back often since they get in new things all the time.
4	Cute stuff reasonably priced.  Always a fun trip!  Customer service is usually pretty good but they also let you just kind of journey in on your own to discover all of the Treasures hidden amongst the junk!  I like that stuff seems to turn over fairly quickly so it's always new.I like that they advertise their bigger pieces on Craigslist so you can see what they have ahead of time but for the little stuff it's still pretty much a "pick through" event.   Worth the trip since there are several worthwhile little similar stores on Indian School near here.
2	WHEELCHAIR USERS BEWARE..There is a small  ramp to get a wheelchair inside the store, but that is about as far as you will go. The store is so cluttered, there is no way a wheelchair user could get through this store. We turned around and left. It's a shame because if we were able to look around, Im sure there was a treasure to be found although it doesn't look very organized. What I could see, prices are comparable to other stores.Follow-up:from what I could see, the main isle could easily be opened up about a foot by not placing so much stuff there. Then what could not be reached, I'm sure some friendly person would help. At least the option to get through the store would be there. This would not be losing much space at all. There are many old buildings we shop in...it's all in how things are displayed and organized.
5	I love this place! Whether you are a collector, or you're in the mood for something unique, functional or decorative... This is the place! I found exactly what I was looking for and the price was just right. And, yes, the owners /staff are extremely knowledgeable and customer friendly. So have fun shopping for fun stuff!
1	This place is VERY messy and unorganized. The guy at front was often talking on the phone when I was standing at the front desk waiting for assistance. Lots of advertisement that he will make you a deal but in all reality he won't. Just about all his items are over priced. Maybe if he would make a deal with someone the prices would be reasonable. Also advertised items on Craigslist that he never had in the first place.  Overall not impressed or satisfied.
3	Lots and lots of furniture. didn't see anything I liked my first visit some items are a little highly priced for the condition but there is at least one of everything there so worth stopping by and checking out!
1	Not very impressed with this place! Everything I saw was over priced and was not very unique. I would not visit this location again :(
1	Overpriced garbage. I would have actually bought something if the guy working there wasn't so rude. Terrible customer service. Do not waste your time!
