5	A twenty minute foot massage. That's right, I said twenty minutes! In all the years that I've been going to mom and pop nail salons, I have never had such an extensive and amazing foot massage to accompany my pedicure until I happened to walk through the doors of Ocean Spa and Nail. I came across Ocean's doors by total chance. I needed to kill some time in the area, saw a nail salon and thought...you know? i could probably use a pedicure right about now. I walked inside in a "just ok" mood and I walked out with a happy hop, skip and jump in my step! Upon arrival, I was greeted immediately by a man at the front desk. I peaked inside and everything looked clean and nicely decorated. The pedicure chairs looked heavenly and the staff looked friendly, so I decided to give them a shot and I am so happy I did!My pedicurist's name was Vivian and she was as sweet as can be. While I sat in a blissful massage chair that made me float into a land of Nirvana, Vivian did an excellent pedicure and was so sweet and friendly along the way. The atmosphere was pleasant and soft spa-like music played in the background. The pedicure lasted awhile but it was such a spa experience, I didn't even care, especially after a twenty minute foot massage! It was worth every cent of the $25. The pedicure pricing starts at $25 and goes up to $45 depending on the level of service. I would have liked to get a manicure but I didn't have enough time. Next visit though, I will make sure to plan accordingly. Payment note! You can pay with a debit or credit card, but they only take tips in cash so be sure to have some cash on hand, otherwise you'll have to pay Fry's Signature Marketplace's ATM a visit next door like I did. So if you happen to be in this area or driving distance to it, it is definitely worth the visit. I will drive from Old Town solely to come back to Ocean Spa & Nail.
5	Pedicures from Ocean Nails last longer any pedicure I have ever had. They are very detail oriented and so good at what they do!
1	OHHHHH - I could not wait to get home and tell all Yelpers how AWFUL this salon is. I need less that a star - a negative star would be better!First I make an appointment for 2:30 with a lovely girl who used to work somewhere else - but I adore her so I followed her to Ocean Spa. The guy named Don, clearly misunderstands me and puts me down for 1:30. I show up at 2:30 - and was told "We called you and you didn't answer your phone" (these idiots didn't leave a message either) - and their misunderstanding became my problem very quickly. Don starts to ignore me, and told me there was nothing he could do - mind you the salon was empty. I asked for the owners name, he writes down Andy and tells me he doesn't know when he will be in.Here is what I hate - I hate common working people that don't own anything and will never aspire to be anything important in life. They ruin relationships with valuable customers and make it impossible to repair them. I will  NEVER return. They treated me like a piece of garbage, and actualy blamed me for THEIR MISTAKES! When this dump goes out of business - everyone can kindly refer to this posting and understand why. I hope Andy realizes his workers will take him to the poor house fast.
4	I would have given this nail salon a 5-star rating except the manicurist (Vivian) was 15 minutes late for our appointment. So they asked if I would take Tammy instead and boy am I glad I did! Tammy is meticulous, gave a 25-minute foot massage, is nice and personable. I will definitely return and ask for her.
1	Close to my house and convenient but I would rather drive out of my way to another place than go here again.I got the worst manicure I've ever had! Not only was the nail tech rude, it would appear I ruined his day because I am a stay at home mom with 2 little ones and a part time job. Upon sitting down, the tech asked me why I wasn't at work. When I went into my day as a mom and part time job as a nurse, he literally didn't care. His response was "uh huh".  By the way, he had some pit funk going on and I had to bite my tongue to ask him why he didn't shower that day.He started cutting my cuticles and boy, did he have some aggression he needed to get out! Ya think when someone's nails bleed and you have to wipe it off with a tissue, maybe you cut a little too deep? His hand massage was awful. He did this thing where he pulled out each finger one by one so vigorously I thought he was going to yank my finger out of the socket.   I will never go there again. End of story.
5	Vivian was awesome. Walked in unsure what to expect but she was phenomenal. Very clean and good prices. I had the Callous Conqueror pedicure and my feet felt and looked awesome. VERY long and relaxing foot/leg massage. My husband really enjoyed his as well. A+ pedicures!
4	Let me start by saying that having come from the San Francisco Bay Area...I'm spoiled by all the awesome choices for food and services.But being new to Phoenix, it's been a challenge to find all the good stuff.I hope my YELP's will help other newbies  (^_^)I must have tried no less that 7 nail salons before I found Oceans.This place is great. They have 10 spa pedi chairs and 8 nail tables as well as a cute nail drying station for your toes.THE best pedi I've ever had, anywhere. There is no timer on the pedi, or the massage. They take the time they need to satisfy each client.I've had 6 or 8 different girls and they were all really good.I also use them to do my gel nails too. I'm a little surprised that in Phoenix they charge extra fro the gel coat, but I guess that's what they do. Overall, good prices and the service is excellent!$$$  Discount for cash!!   $$$
2	Why the drastic change from 5 stars to 2 stars? Two words: customer service. With so many nail salons in the Valley, I choose mine based on customer service. If I am paying $70+ for a gel manicure and a pedicure, I like to choose a salon with friendly staff who welcome me through their doors and who treat me like they want me to be here. Unfortunately, this was not the case during my most recent visit to Ocean Spa and Nail. I live in the Old Town area, but I would drive 20 minutes to Ocean Spa and Nail because I liked the extensive massages they give during a pedicure. Sadly, will no longer do this drive to visit them. I arrived and asked for a pedicure and gel manicure. With the gel, it's hard to find the regular nail polish colors that match the gel colors and I (like most other women) like my toes and finger nails to match. I asked for the gel colors first so I could figure out that color and go from there. The girl gave me four palates of colors. I spent a solid 10 minutes looking at the colors and comparing the gel to the toenail polish so that it would match. I even asked a fellow customer for her opinion. After ten minutes, I decided on my gel and toenail polish color -- they matched perfectly. Let me note that during this time, the girl working the front desk was there the entire time and had handed me the palate for the sole purpose that I would match the two colors (nothing is worse then toes one shade of pink and fingers another). After my research, I headed to the pedicure chair. I asked if they could do my gel at the same time but they said no. Because of this I knew I was in store for a long visit. The pedicure took a solid hour and I wish it was a little quicker. The massage was way more intense than I remembered and it actually hurt at times. It was not the pleasant experience I had gone through before. But regardless, I had a nice pedicure and was ready to move on to my gel nails. Here's where it gets sad. When I moved over to my gel nails, I was given a new technician to do my nails. He asked me what gel color and I told him #60 from the palate because it matched my toes. Coincidentally enough, the friendly fellow customer who helped me choose the color was sitting next to me at this point. After five minutes of searching and bringing back the wrong color several times, the tech came back and said they didn't have the color I picked out...now remember, I specifically chose from the palate the girl handed me and she was standing there the entire time, yet failed to mention that they were out of the color I picked. So here I am with finished and polished toe nails that are supposed to match my fingers, but now they are out of the finger nail polish I picked. Instead of being apologetic and helpful, I got reprimanded by the tech. Yes, reprimanded. He scolded me saying that I should have picked out my gel polish first and it's my fault that my nails are not going to match. I tried to explain to him that I had picked out my gel polish first and the fellow customer who had helped me also jumped in saying I had done just that. But instead of backing down, he continued to scold me and be rude to me saying I should have picked the color from the bottle. I told him I wasn't given that option and the front desk person gave me the palate of gel colors to choose from, never once telling me they were out of the color I chose. But again, he didn't apology and move on, he continued to reprimand me and treat me so rudely that the entire salon got quiet and the girl next to me told me how bad she felt for me that I was being treated the way he was treating me. I've been to nail salons before where I know they are talking about me while they work. It's what you get by visiting a Mom and Pop shop nail salon. However, I've never been so rudely treated during my "what's supposed to be" a pleasant visit. The tech wouldn't back down and then rudely kept picking out orange colors for my fingers even though my toes were pink. I kept trying to tell him the color was off and he was so upset and mean throughout the entire process. I finally had to just go with a color that didn't match and he started to work roughly on my fingers. At this point, I was so shaken up and mortified at the way I was treated, that I told him to stop and I would get a manicure somewhere else. He said "fine you're done." It was awful. I didn't want to write this review, but it was such a horrifying experience that I feel that I must. As I was paying for my toes (which smudged because they took the toe holder off too early and made me walk with wet toenails), the girl who witnessed everything told me again how sorry she was I experienced that. I never thought a visit to the nail salon would ruin my day, however, now I am writing this without a manicure, with smudged toe nails and with bruised feelings.
2	My first visit to Ocean Spa was awesome! I loved it so much that I have taken my Mom, Sister and two girlfriends here, but the past two times were not so pleasant! First of all, I don't like getting a manicure and pedicure at the same time!!!! I like to relax and sometimes even nap during a pedicure. My tech today insisted that I get both at the same time even when I said no! My service took less than an hour! I felt like I had a drive through mani/pedi! When you pay good money for spa services, you should be pampered, not pushed out the door! My polish chipped the second day after previous visit and the paint job today wasn't any better! I will have to touch up my own cuticles too! The only reason for 2 stars is that they have great massage chairs and I like the ambience if they let you sit there long enough to enjoy it! Don't get the gel polish! It doesn't last and cost $20 more per mani or pedi! There are many choices in this area that I won't be going there again! :(
2	After reading all the reviews about this place, I would have imagine and expect to read great things about Ocean Spa and Nail salon. Unfortunately, this is not the case and clearly this place should be closed down, bought and go under new management with a whole new set of high quality professional people that know what the true meaning of customer service is as well as understand what customers want in the service they choose to have done.I always walk by this place and admired the layout of the salon looks. It is hard to tell because the blinds block your view from looking in and even when the opportunity gives you a view to see inside it is really fancy. However, you should never judge a book by it's cover and that is very true. I have judged this place to be fancy and located in scottsdale - you'd expect to be treated with class. I'm afraid that is not the case.Everyone's reviews of how their experience went in this place depends on how they feel they were treated. Apparently, majority of the people that did review this place were not treated as much as they thought they would be. I debated and debated until I decided to go in and get my eyebrows done. I have always had gotten my eyebrows done at other places and it was a test to see how professional they can do it. I use my eyebrows to test the place out before I make a decision. It's better than having anything else done, for the eyebrows are the easiest and it helps me observe the person who is doing this service for me because I can gather information on the person as well as the environment around me.I didn't make an appointment and I came as a walk in and waited until someone came to see if  I needed something. I asked if they did walk ins and they replied what I wanted done and I said waxing. I was giving a brochure and picked out what i wanted done. The girl who did my eyebrows was very professional and quick about it. Of course, none of the workers can speak english fluently - go figure. After she did my eyebrows I paid for them and left. I really liked the way she did my eyebrows - there is no question about that.I came back the next time and went to get a brazilian wax. According to them, only one lady does brazilian. None of the girls do brazilians because they dislike doing that particular waxing. An older lady was the only one who did my service in brazilian waxing. As a first timer, she was very professional about it but what really made me disappointed is she uses soft wax - the regular wax that you use for your eyebrows. I've been reading up that hard wax is better and it makes the brazilian last longer until you're due for another session.I realized that this lady kept going over the areas and it was very uncomfortable. She doesn't wax the back side only the front. It took me about almost 2 days to heal from that brazilian wax. I don't believe she did it right because I went to get another brazilan wax else where and it was not uncomfortable. My experience with another professional waxer made me very comfortable.I really don't recommend you ladies to come get your brazilian wax done at Ocean Spa and Nails salon. You'll regret it because the lady doesn't do the back side.I recommend you get your brazilian wax done at the European Wax Center - the more high qualified place where you'll be treated the way you deserve to be treated.Anyways, I decided to give the lady another chance and went back to get half of my legs waxed. She waxed them all right but she kept going over the same areas and my legs looked messed up. She doesn't do your toes just your legs only.I am very disappointed in this place and thought they would be professionals, but sadly I am going to look elsewhere where I can be satisfied with getting what i really pay for. This place is not recommended for you to pamper yourself at. There are other places that are much better and professional than Ocean Spa and Nails. Ladies you deserve so much so go some where else and save your money for professions who are worth paying for!
2	This place is convenient if you live in grayhawk, but the service is not great.  The snotty high school girl that works the front desk is rude and could give two sh*ts about customer service.  The actual techs are nice, but don't go all the way to the cuticle either, which I don't like.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
2	PBelow average service.  Had a pedi and while the polish looks good, the rest was sad.  The young man who did it literally attacked me with cuticle nippers and nearly pecked me to bloody shreds.  4 hours later and I'm still stinging.  Not much of a massage either.  Then, for Mani,, they left both me and my friend sitting in the pedi chair and proceeded to pull our arms out of our sockets.  Won't be back...
1	I have been looking for a place to get a pedicure in this area and based on a suggestion from a friend of a friend I tried this place. It very convenient since its close to work. The atmosphere is nice and what I expected for a north scottsdale salon. Unfortunately they make up for this with the most unfriendly nail tech I've ever had the opportunity to meet. She was unfriendly, jerked my foot through out the process, unhelpful as I asked questions about there salon, she did a decent job on the actual pedicure but she had the most dirty look on her face for that 45 min. Once she was done she just said your done and got up and left. Didn't open the side of the chair, didn't help me with my shoes which most salons do. Fortunately for me they couldn't take gratuity on a card and I didn't have cash so no tip for her. She didn't deserve one but I would have still left her one if I could since I'm not a jerk. I do think that it's possible that the other techs are better in customer service but its not worth it to me to try again.
1	Amazing that they're still in business!  Rude, unfriendly techs....all of them!  It must be a corporate "policy" to treat the customers like crap because I've tried all the techs and they're all the same.They're OK when you're a first-time customer, but once they see that you're not tipping a HUGE amount (I've never even received a "thank-you" for my 20% tip), they behave as though they're doing you a favor taking your money.They are constantly gossiping with each other in Vietnamese and shrieking with laughter....  like another poster said, it feels like they're making rude remarks about their clients. Really, I don't believe I've ever felt so uncomfortable & unwelcome getting my nails done! Since they are a "hands-on" service, I'm shocked that the so-called managers don't stop the techs from constantly texting/talking on their phones and/or watching an I-Pad while they're working on your nails .   Very bad "business"  practice.   I've been coming here because it's convenient...but it's just not worth it. Since the ultimate result is mediocre at Ocean, I'm going to go somewhere else...where they at least pretend to welcome my business.
1	Where is Eddie or Eddy????? I will not come here any longer if Eddie is not available. To the point a rude service. Technician never looked me in the eye and was turned away from me joking and yakking it up with her colleagues. The place looked like a bomb went off. I have been getting decent to good service till now. But this will be the end if Eddy is not available.Also: everyone of the technicians picks up or checks their personal phone.... While working on your feet or hands.
1	I just had a pedicure here, the staff are less than friendly and spoke to each other in Vietnamese the whole hour I was there. The massage that was part of the pedicure was nothing more than slapping some cream on my legs and feet.  I did notice that other customers were getting a better massage. The foot bath was treated as a garbage can after my foot soak.  Staff that weren't working spent their time hunched over their phones or lap top. It was a very Unprofessional experience.
1	Very unhappy.  From the moment I walked in (and yes, I had an appt) I felt like a burden to them.  As I sat down and looked at the nail menu I pointed out what I would like and they said that it was wrong. The prices were higher.  Probably should get new menus!  The women were snippy with me and didn't understand what I wanted.  It actually hurt when she was doing my nails and they looked really thick and odd when done.  I also said that I wanted them real short and she said "why Waste your money then".  Wow, ok.  I don't think that is your business if I want to spend money on short nails.  Won't go back! Also, way too expensive especially for the service I received.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! Do NOT come here.  I am not high maintenance whatsoever so this comment is left without bias. I work close by and needed a quick polish change.  I only had 45 minutes.  I asked for cost, i was quoted $20 and told I would be out asap.  It took the nail tech 1hr for a gel change.  My results look as if a teenager trying to make extra money on the side completed the job.  I have polish on my cuticles, top coat on my skin that is very annoying AND the kicker, i was charged an additional $5 to remove some existing gel even though I was not told of the extra cost prior AND I had already taken off half of the gel myself hence why I needed a polish change. HORRIBLE service, HORRIBLE results, and lied about the cost.
