4	Nice pool. Relaxing lazy river. Wave pool. Beach volleyball (on actual sand). The Monte Carlo pool is available to both Monte Carlo and NYNY hotel guests. The pool itself is somewhat small, but big enough to splash around. The lazy river is a great way to cool off and still relax. If you actually want to feel like you are in real water instead of a kiddie pool, the wave pool is pretty nice. And for a real game of beach volleyball, there is an area covered in sand set up just for that purpose. You can rent an inter-tube for $10 for the day for the lazy river (although it is cheaper if you rent for multiple days). As is usual in Vegas, there is a full bar at the pool - but they also keep two large water dispensers at the pool that are infused with a hint of orange - very nice and refreshing. The bar also has a direct entrance to The Pub sports bar (foozball, pool, Ms PacMan, plenty of TVs showing a variety of sporting events, full bar, and sports bar food) if you want to get out of the sun for a spell. There is also a small shop directly off the pool in case you run out of sunscreen, would like a bottle of soda you can actually close, need some advil, or your bikini strap breaks and you need a new bathing suit ASAP. There are better pools in the world, but if you want to spend at least one day of your Vegas vacation lounging in the sun, but keeping cool and avoiding utter boredom, this pool is a great place to be.
3	I feel like I could use a bigger pool area for this hotel...  it kind of seems to me like they had nowhere to put the pool so they stuck in the first space they acquired. Also, their lazy river isn't long enough, nor connected to the main pool (which is too tiny anyway) and you're not allowed to have drinks while floating in the river.... I mean.... it's Vegas, if I can walk down the street and drink I should be able to float and drink, if anything happens that's what they have life guards for! Overall I'm not too happy with this area, I feel like they could have gone a little bit farther beyond and maybe placed it on the roof of the building or put more effort into making the surrounding buildings not look so over-powering of the pool itself... luckily most of the life savers and servers (guys and girls) are hot so there you go; eye candy.oh, but I forgot to mention... there are WAY too many kids... so beware and I wish you luck.
2	The day I went there was a serious stench coming from the men's room, the level of a busted sewage pipe or something. It was really, really bad. Not sure if it just doesn't have enough ventilation or what, but it was more than nauseating. Lots of kids here, but it still has the Vegas pool atmosphere with cocktail waitresses, full bar, and dance music. I liked the pools themselves but the sewage situation was truly vile.
3	The pools here definitely offer up enough activity and sightseeing that I really didn't need to leave my hotel in order to get a good feel for the Vegas pool scene. I did anyway, because when you get free entrance to the most exclusive pools you're crazy not to take it, but had I spent each day here I certainly would have been satisfied in most regards.As far as the pool complex itself goes, it's quite large, with multiple different areas throughout for folks with various interests. There is what you would consider "the pool" when you first come in, but there's also a lazy river style pool, with seemingly more people just hanging out than floating on tubes, and what is essentially a wade-in pool in front of the DJ booth and dancers, where they regularly had people doing ridiculous contests in order to win shots. It probably helped the liveliness of this pool scene that we came on a Saturday and the DJ was doing a great job keeping this EDC attendee loaded crowd actively engaged.There are also multiple bars spaced out around the pool charging the typical insane amounts for subpar alcohol. I bought a bucket of Bud Lights for my friends for something like $35 (for 6 bottles), and a giant blue vodka loaded slushie for me was about the same. It makes sense how they can afford to offer hotel rooms so cheap in the off-season when they're doing this amount of gouging elsewhere, even if you completely ignore the take from the casino itself. Considering how much you spend on the booze here it's a bit annoying how hardcore the lifeguards are about you walking around with liquid while in the lazy river pool (and I would assume the others as well). We were getting whistled at constantly, and not in the good way.I thought it was pretty cool that they actually offer an outdoor beach volleyball court here as well, since I don't recall spotting one at any of the other hotel pools I've visited. Although, I think if I hadn't been touring around to see everything I would have never spotted the men's bathroom, which is virtually hidden in the last possible corner of the pool area. I did notice however that nearby they had a water dispenser setup, for those of you who don't want to spend $6 for an overpriced Fiji bottle. If you want maximum pool exposure with the minimal amount of moving, check out the seats in between the wade pool and the normal pool, as the sun is overhead here pretty much the entire time during daylight hours, and if you're as lucky as we are you'll get to watch some skinny dude hyped up on bath salts dance wildly to every techno beat that's pumped out.
4	Depends on what you want This is a family friendly pool . You dont have to worry about a bunch of muscleheads walking around . They have a wave pool , main pool and a lazy river . its jus t a realxing time when you go there . Now dont get me wrong . There are plenty cuties walking around in bikinis ( and a few that shouldnt be wearing them ). i love the pool hear and the hotel in general .
4	I'm not a pool person. I typically hit the lounge chairs, order a cocktail, read a book, dip my toes into the water, and I'm done.This trip was different, as the missus and I decided to look into renting a day bed and tried to make a day of it by the pool. It was a sunny Friday and weekend rates were in full effect, so the day beds by the pool's lazy river were priced at a steep $375. Yikes!It was our last day in Vegas and we were looking for some R&R over anything else, and while deciding whether or not to splurge a bit and use our meager casino winnings to treat ourselves, we learned that unlike many other Vegas pools, the Monte Carlo lets you literally eat into its rental fees, turning a pricey proposition into something a whole lot more affordable. If you order enough food and drink to cover the rental fee, or even a part of the fee, that portion of the fee is waived.  As we hadn't had breakfast yet, and had budgeted about $250 for the day for food and drinks, we decided to go ahead and live like royalty albeit for one day.The day bed includes two additional lounge chairs (so the whole space seats four very comfortably) and includes a couple of inner tubes for lazy river rafting. It also includes the extremely attentive service of three servers who are constantly checking in on you to get you fresh towels, food, and drink.The servers made is very easy for us to rack up our food and beverage charges, so it did not feel like we were throwing a couple of hundred dollars away on a day bed rental alone.They were even amenable enough to get us the beer menu from the connecting The Pub when we asked for it, so I could order a bucket of my favorite craft beers. While they will typically only do this upon request, and when the Pub is not slammed, this was a definite value add for me, as I have a love/hate relationship with the Pub at Monte Carlo: I love love love their beers and their pub food, but hate hate hate their service. Enjoying any of their over 200 different beers poolside, served with a gleaming smile, might be just reason enough to do the day bed thing the next time I'm here despite the cost.Eating is not a problem either, as the pool has its own menu of snacks, and offers the full Pub menu to anyone renting a cabana or day bed, so you can enjoy a wide selection of appetizers and burgers and mains during your day-long stay. We were even able to order a boxed to-go dinner from the Pub's menu on our way out, which ensured our rental fee would be even further reduced, with supper all taken care of.As there were only two of us, we were only able to bring our total spend to $200 or so for food and drinks, leaving a $175 rental fee left to pay. Had we been in a group of four, where everyone in the group spent $100 on food and drinks, the entire rental fee would have been waived.But our very attentive servers spotted this gap, and went out of their way to hunt down a couple bottles of wine and a six-pack of bottled water, and brought the food/beverage portion of our bill to just over $330, and our rental feel to just under $45. Sweet!That said, it is to their advantage to do so, as they receive an automatic 21% service and gratuity fee on any food and drink delivered to your day bed, so don't be shy to ask what they can do to bring down your rental fee. But all that aside, I did feel I got my money's worth, as I am happier to spend more money on food and drinks (even at slightly higher prices) than simply a rental fee alone.I would also highly recommend staying alongside the lazy river if you have a chance to do so. While some of the areas surrounding the main pool can be a bit quieter, you're kind of stuck with your neighbors and their attitudes for the duration of the day. On the lazy river, different people tend float by you at a constant pace, so the one or two noisy splashy kids, or the loud drunken frat boy douches, drift by you like passing clouds on a sunny day.
4	What's a perfect day at the Pool at Monte Carlo? Renting a daybed by the Lazy River, ordering from The Pub 300+ beer menu and grazing on various apps throughout the day, with three lovely ladies taking care of your every request.I had never even thought of renting a cabana or daybed before, but we were planning to spend the entire day by the pool, relaxing and soaking up some sun before we would be forced to board a plane back home where spring has apparently fled the coop leaving us lingering at the freezing mark. At 375$ on weekends the daybeds are not cheap, but this does come in the form of a food and beverage credit, meaning, if like us, you plan to spend the day there, it reduces the "cost" as you consume.The daybeds are large futons with a folding canopy attached that can provide more or less shade as needed. There are two lounge chairs on either side of the daybed along with a large umbrella for additional shade. There is also one small "table" provided. A family of 4 or 5 would be very comfortable here. Two couples would have to work out who takes the daybed and who gets the separated lounge chairs. We started our day around 10AM, the weather was perfect, warm with a light breeze, the sun would reach our location by about 11AM and not leave until, well, we left at 5:30PM and we were still in its spotlight. We ordered breakfast and lunch to eat in "bed" but took our dinner to go. Throughout the day we ordered various beer from The Pub, and still didn't come near the 375$ minimum food and beverage order. On weekends there is a DJ (weekends include Friday, Saturday and Sunday) and though the music is quite loud, it doesn't drown out conversation and the selections are diverse enough that everyone can enjoy a few songs. Overall, I really enjoyed being treated like royalty for a day, and may incorporate at least one day like this again on my next visit.
4	Sometimes, you just need to get away - and this past weekend, was just that  weekend that I needed to make one of those spur of the moment trips!This time during my stay at Monte Carlo, I was able to visit the Pool area as they just recently opened up again.AMBIENCE:I love the fact that there is a lazy river, a sand area where you can lay out/play volleyball, and a wave pool.  There just seems to be a selection for everyone here.  They also space out the lounge chairs so that they are not all cluttered in one area.  The fact that there is a lazy river reminds me of something from Wild Rivers, which is fun if you have children.  For me, having a wave pool is perfect since I am still learning how to swim and can't go into deep waters (don't judge!) =pFOOD QUALITY:There is nothing better than having drinks and food brought to you while you are lounging by the pool.  The coffee I ordered was right from Starbucks - delish!  Andrew D. and I also ordered a Blue Cheese and Buffalo Wing pizza.  The pizza itself was a little on the dry side, but I can't really complain - food is being brought to me!SERVICE:Service is great! From the guy that checks you in, to the girl handing out towels, to the girls that are taking down your drink/food orders.  Everyone on the staff is happy to help and are efficient! Love it!Here are some helpful tips if you plan on visiting Monte Carlo Pools:*Tip #1: Arrive early so that you can pick out a great spot.  Pools open at 9:00 am.*Tip #2: $10 all day for the donuts that you can rent for the pool.*Tip #3: You can't bring any outside drinks (not even water) or food into the pool area - so toss them out before you enter.*Tip #4: DON'T forget your sunscreen.  I had the pleasure of paying $15 at the store of the lobby for a little bottle of sunscreen :(OVERALL:Great service and great pool area.  I will definitely be back!
4	TRy the pool.
1	I just left the pool after spending the afternoon and figured I should post a review while the thoughts are still fresh. After reading other reviews, I arrived at the pool at 9am and secured two chairs.  I opted for the quieter pool rather than the "club" vibe at the lazy river and wave pool.  The first 2 hours were great. I got us a few drinks, we hung out in the water but then things started to go south.  There was this sulfur odor that  several times in the afternoon seemed to take over the smell of suntan lotion and fruity drinks.  It was pretty nasty  since it smelled like rotten eggs.  When my wife and I wanted to order lunch, there was a complete absence of waitresses.  Here's my theory, if you are not in a cabana or a daybed, good luck ordering drinks or food.  We asked 4 different people how to order food and they all said, "look for the girls in the red and brown bikinis, they will help".  Well, we looked and looked and looked for 45 mins and nada.  Actually, we saw them but they avoided our area like we were the source of the sulfuric odor.  I felt like a second class citizen. Finally, I saw a waitress near the towel hut and asked her to order my food.  It was so simple that I can't believe there isn't a method to order food if you are not a (paying) VIP.  I was told by the waitress that she would come back for me to sign the room charge but she never did.  They lost out on a tip, a tip that would have certainly reflected this terrible experience.  What I thought was a nice touch was a chef at a BBQ grilling up some hot dogs, corn and chicken. Living in jersey, I love corn, especially grilled, so I jumped on the chance for some fresh grilled corn. $4 dollars later, (yes, 4 dollars for a ear of corn), I was thoroughly disgusted.  It was so bad, overlooked beyond being edible.  So disappointed. The rest of afternoon was decent but still, I felt the need to post this review. Will I come back, nope.  Change hotels tomorrow.
3	Since the Monte Carlo is one of those resorts that isn't quite catering to families with kids (using a theme, like Luxor or Excalibur), but it also isn't quite an upscale & adult-centric, the pools tend to be a mix of screaming, annoying children and adults who are here to get some sun and drink in the scorching, oppressive desert heat. I suggest you get down here a little after noon, grab a few towels, maybe rent an innertube ($10 before 2pm, $5 after), and find a nice sunny spot. Then go to the bar and get a mojito or a rum runner (they'll do it even though it's only listed under 'pitchers'). Then, plunk down in the lazy river and float around, drinking your drink. Exit, sun yourself, repeat.
3	Came here to relax by the pool for a couple of hours. While the actual grounds of the pool area are really nice, the amount of children running around was somewhat bothersome. Didn't take Monte Carlo to be one of the more family oriented resorts but I suppose I was mistaken.
3	Pool was nice. There is a lazy river, wave pool and regular pool.  Also in the back is a set up for beach volleyball.  What I did likeis that there were areas of shade that you didn't have to pay for at some of the other pool hotels on the strip.  What I didn't like was the cost of food.  Yes you are going to pay more being on the strip but I have gotten better deals from better hotels that have also tasted much better then what he had to eat at the pool today.  Considering we have several pools to choose from that we feel are better to suit our needs thi wouldn't be our 1st choice but kids did enjoy it so we will be back.
4	I LOVED the pool here! We stayed at the Monte Carlo from 8/16-8/19 and we were at the pool every day. The first day we were here we rented inner tubes ($10 each) floated in the lazy river for a while, then ditched them by like 4 PM. The second day however, we discovered that for $15 you can buy inntertubes from the pool shop. They even inflate them for you.The staff here were all so nice, helpful, and fun. I seriously can't say enough good things about them. Every day we were there they had a DJ also. Which is pretty cool. On Sunday we wanted to really relax after our crazy, drunken vacation. We rented a daybed that was right on the lazy river, they even let us pick which one we wanted. The fee for the day is $375 but for every dollar you spend on food/beverage they take away from that fee. Unfortunately around 4PM Sunday it started raining; at first they were letting people stay in the pool, but once the thunder and lightening started they made everyone leave. Figuring out how to cash out when all the madness of kicking out everyone was kind of annoying but it worked out. At this point we had only spent like $200 so I thought I would just pay the $175 difference. But to my surprise they didn't make me. Which was awesome. I figured it was because they had to kick us out, they weren't worried about the difference. Had we been able to stay until 7 when the pool closed (which we were planning on) I know we would have met the rest of the amount. I even tipped our server an extra $50 on top of her gratuity that was already included. My only complaints about the pool, is that you aren't allowed to float with a drink in the lazy river. That would have made this place 5 stars in my book.
3	I came to Las Vegas with three girlfriends in July 2013 and we probably spent at least five hours at the Monte Carlo pools over the course of three days.  We rented two inner tubes to share, and spent the majority of the time circling the the lazy river.  There were a few kids around but it actually seemed to be more adults just looking to lounge.  There are plenty of beach chairs around if you get to the pool early enough (by noon).  We stayed out of the wave pool since it seemed overly crowded and kind of boring since you couldn't bring floaty toys in.  There is also a sand volleyball court but it was too hot (100+ degrees) to even think about playing in the sand.  There was a DJ on one end of the pool but it wasn't too loud if you weren't right next to the speakers.  Our primary disappointment was the poolside food and beverage service.  We wanted to order nachos and sliders but we couldn't find a waitress!!  We tried repeatedly to flag one down but they ignored us.  My friend finally chased one down but she said she wasn't working our section.  She said she would send the designated section waitress but no one ever came.  I realize we weren't in a cabana but I didn't expect to be completely ignored!!   The food and drinks are overpriced and mediocre.  One plus: They have free ice water over by the bathrooms - that was a nice touch.  I had researched getting a cabana (and was actually serious about it) but the price was just too much and it turned out I was glad I didn't.  We had an easy enough time getting four chaise lounge chairs together and were able to enjoy the pool for free and spend the money on other fun stuff !  ;)
4	We stayed at the Monte Carlo in the summer of 2013, primarily for the pools.  The pools are pretty awesome.  There is a regular pool and hot tub, a wave pool and a lazy river.  It was very fun and relaxing to float along the lazy river.  The tubes weren't too expensive for an all day rental.  I think about $10.  The whole pool area has a fun vibe.  There is good music playing and the staff is friendly.  The drink prices are a little higher than other Vegas pools I've been too, but it's doable.  There are plenty of chairs around and the area is very clean.
4	Nice pool area. They have a big wave pool and a lazy river in addition to normal pools. You can rent cabanas but they are incredibly expensive. It's an outdoor pool but between sections of the building so it doesn't get tons of direct sunlight.
2	Loved pool mon to wed then they put on a dj a bad one at that just noise tried to find a quiet place turns out you have to leave for quiet can't believe that noise adds to fun at the pool.
2	The pool is nice the lazy river is fun and a great place to cool off. Bring you own drinks because the waitresses are only interested in helping the cabanas.
4	I want to give 5 stars for the food but the service is a little slower then should be at a pool I'm Vegas when not in a cabana which I've done both. The nachos are prolly some of the best I've ever had and are huge and enough to feed atleast 4 people. They cook chicken fajitas with onions and peppers and put them onto of a mound of cheesey chips that mix for a very great combination. I might even stop by the pool when in town just for the nachos again because they were that good to me.
4	First time staying at the Monte Carlo and the pools were great!  There are three along with a hot tub.  I stayed from a Thursday to a Saturday and to my surprise on Friday, there was a DJ and it was definitely a party vibe!The nice part was the DJ was stationed at the head the wave pool so you could go and join the rowdyness but if that wasn't your thing, there was still a space where you go for a more relaxed time.  My suggestion would be if you want to enjoy the "lazy" river, avoid peak times.  There was nothing lazy about the lazy river between 11am and 4pm.  The Monte Carlo isn't the first hotel on my list to stay at in Las Vegas but it moves up a few notches because of the pool!
4	It seemed as if we were one of the few on the lazy river and the wave pool without a tattoo.  We must have not received, "the memo."I have actually not seen such a convention of folks with tattoos anywhere else,... although this is a place where peeps are almost nude so you see more...It's cool,...whatever works for you.  Maybe we missed the tattoo craze?And drinking and smoking are also king on the lazy river--it's a major party scene.  DJ spins the dance tunes, contests like "shake your booty."  Fun, Fun, Fun atmosphere--somewhat trashy, but fun.  Great way to spend the weekend.Last time we were here a couple of years ago, they set up a foam pool and that was a blast slip sliding across the foam with your partner. This is one of the more fun pool scenes in Vegas, but if you just want to sit in the shade on a lounge chair and read a book undisturbed--there is an area for that too that is very relaxing.  You can go to sleep.We spend half a day in each place--AM in the shade, lunch, and party on the river in the afternoon.  Tubes are 5 each after 2 PM, or maybe there is a free one sitting around.  After going around the river 15 times, my partner asked me:  "David, aren't you getting tired of going around the river over and over?"  My response:  "Not really...OK one more time and we'll hit the wave pool, then the hot tub..."--Wish list:  Just some more healthy choices on the pool food menu--how about a veggie burger and chicken sandwich with sides of rice, baked potatoes, steamed veggies.  Hey--pool party people like to eat healthy too!
4	Great pools and decent bar. Hours are a bit of a bummer as the pool is only open until 6pm.
4	Very much a party scene out here - probably one of the better laid back pools I've been to, even with the DJ going Plenty of seating but get here before noon if you want a good spot.The lazy river has a lot of people just chillin' and cruzin' along in the desert sun but is great for cooling off in the Vegas heat.  When the DJ gets going the wave pool seems to be the place to be since the DJ is located center stage and to the back.Want a good seat while you eat - hang out at The Pub and watch the eye candy at the pool while you can have shaded seating ...not bad for an afternoon of just sitting poolside without being in the actual pool - see my review for the Pub here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pub-at-monte-carlo-las-vegasThere is a bar at the pool for mixed drinks and beers or beer buckets of various sizes and there is waitress service walking around - BUT if its crowded the food service at the pool itself can take some time so keep that in mind Otherwise hit this pool party up in the summer months and just enjoy yourself - remember what I said about the Pub at the Monte Carlo as well
