1	Let me tell you the rating should be -5 stars the way my wife and I were treated. This is how it all happened... We wanted to get a cell phone. I knew that I would have to come up with a security deposit on the phone. No big deal, right ? WRONG !!! We got charged over 400 dollars on our bank card. When we went back to try to clear things up with management at the store we basically got humiliated. The manager told us not to make false statements at the store and was basically rude. I guess it didn't help our skin color was darker than his. Anyway... I called the main headquarters of best buy and filed a complaint against the store. That in itself was a joke. Needless to say my wife and I will never step in any best buy store ever again ! If you want good customer service don't bother with this place.
1	Overall very poor customer service. This store has lost two big sales from me over the last month due to their lack of customer service. The first a Samsung Epic that they were out of and were to order but after a week it never came in and when I went in they acted like they had never heard of or seen me before.  I went to Chandler to buy my Epic.  I was going to buy my son a laptop for Christmas.  When I went to Casa Grande Bestbuy I was told that they had 10 but had loaded additional software and the laptop would cost me an additional $100, I went to Tempe.  I won't bother with this store in the future and will drive on to the valley for my large purchases.
1	Everytime I go to this store they are always out of stock on what I want to buy such as blank DVD media. They never carry the items on sale. I only go here since it is close to my work but that changed after the 2nd time I went here and left with out what I came for. If you do plan on going to this location have low expectations.
5	I have had great service from this store.  They have gone above and beyond to help me with the issues I was having.  They even called me a week after I went in to make sure everything worked out.  Things didn't work out but it had to do with a store in California not this one.   I had a salesman in the computer department help me and spent hours on the phone looking for the computer that I needed.  Then when that didn't work out because of the fault of the other store I had a customer service rep spend even more time on the phone trying to figure out what was going on.  In the time that I was in the store I got to see how poorly the people that work there are treated by customers.  I have been treated better in this store than any other Best Buy I have ever been too.
