5	If you want a completely easy car buying experience, you need to check out Speedy Car Loans. They have helped tons of people obtain financing for vehicles as well as hunted the right vehicle down and delivered it to the buyer (it seems that a huge amount of their business is referrals from other super satisfied customers - keep that in mind). It constantly boggles my mind on how they can make any money when they are doing all this extra leg work to ensure that the customer gets exactly what they want, with the least amount of hassle I have ever experienced (the dealerships surely don't go to ANY length to do anything other than snow the buyer and attempt to get that sticker price which is a huge markup anyways). Basically the process here is auto-pilot: Fill out the application on their website, discuss with their knowledgeable staff what the particulars are for your situation (financing, money down, trade-ins, desired vehicles stats), then wait for your car to arrive. I really can't say enough good things about our experience here. I would completely recommend these guys to anyone looking for a ride. Actually, I am about to call and see if they do motorcycle financing as well.... stay tuned!
5	Thank you Robert. You truly provide an exceptional service. I cannot recommend Speedy Car Loans highly enough.
5	Worked with Robert in buying our new car. He worked hard and bought us the best car with the lowest miles and in perfect condition! His price beat any dealership and we are so happy with the car! I would highly recommend Speedy Car Loan to all my friends and also plan to use him again on any future car purchase! The whole team was great there and it was an easy and stress less car buying experience!
1	Robert the owner is a scam artist.  He took the trade in and gave a suv and for 4 months he doesn't get a loan for the SUV he just keeps giving out those 30 day dmv passes. And also for the 4 months he never paid off the trade in so the loan defaulted and went in to repo. So I say to you all don't allow this man to mess your credit up.
1	So an update for all that read, Robert "the owner" of speedy car loans sent me a number of messages on yelp harassing me about my review (I took screen shots of them and put them in the photos on this yelp page) I hope everyone is able to see them. It got to the point that I had to block him and report him.... but at this point I'm sure it's normal for him to get reported for all the shiesty work he does. I just want you all to see that if you go to speedy car loans this is the man you will be dealing with. So a word to all, go anywhere else. Don't let this man take YOU for a ride. Thanks for reading.... This is all true.... hand to god.
