3	I ordered delivery online and it took an hour and 40 minutes! 40 minutes longer than they told me it would be. I called about it and they gladly offered me a half off discount for my next order. I probably should have gotten my meal free, because by the time it got here it tasted like it had been sitting for awhile. I did enjoy their cinnasticks though! I would recommend pick-up instead.
5	This is a review of the breakfast menu. Actually, this is a review of the saltenas on the breakfast menu. Maybe it's because the experience was unexpected and completely on a whim, but these made my morning. They're these filling little $2 empanadas filled with beef and vegetables in a savory sauce. I think I tasted peas, potatoes. and olives in there. Augh, it was so good.
4	I won't go so far as to give this place 5 stars, but it definitely deserves 4 for being both delicious and innovative with their toppings.The boy and I were craving Glass Nickel Pizza's "Fetalicious" (this is a pizza place in Madison, WI)--a heavenly concoction with spinach, feta, red onions, etc.  We were bummed that we couldn't have it--until we found One World's ad in the yellowpages.  What's this?  A "Greek Garden" pizza?  Why--that has spinach, olives, tomatoes, onions and feta!  And we can order online?!  Yesssss!About an hour later, we received our pizza.  The crust was perfect to my way of thinking.....all chewy and hand-tossed.   I also like my pizza to be chunky and rife with toppings, and this did not disappoint.  The spinach was fresh and abundant, which we enjoyed because we like vegetables....so, maybe this would not be the pizza for someone who doesn't like to taste their vegetables.  The boy was happy that there was not TONS of feta on the pizza, though I would've been okay with that problem.My only complaint was that the non-feta cheese didn't seem melted enough.  Kind of like it wasn't in the oven long enough, or had gotten cold (which I doubt, since it was 80+ degrees and sunny outside).  But that wasn't a dealbreaker.I'm VERY much looking forward to trying their Thai Chicken and their Tikka Chicken pizzas.  My god--tikka chicken!  Tikka!!
3	They are really creative with their pizza! My fave is the Thai Chicken pizza. The only downside is that sometimes it arrives cold...
4	My default place for ordering pizza late at night. They're pretty good across the board: good variety, good quality, good value, good service. In particular I am a fan of their calzones, especially with bacon. Again, not the best in the world but they rarely disappoint. That said, they can be a bit inconsistent. Sometimes they take longer to deliver or the cheese wasn't quite melted. It's a rare occurrence though, so don't let that put you off.
4	When I tried this place, I was so happy to find that there was a pizza place that was doing something different than every other pizza place in town. First off they don't make really large pizzas, but it is really cheap. It seems like they have a deal going on all the time where you buy a large (14") pizza and they'll give you a small (10") pizza. With the large only being $12.25, how can you really beat that deal. We got the Indian specialty pizza and the baked potato pizza. I enjoyed different parts of both pizzas. There is definitely some room for improvement, but my wife and I ate our fill and still had four slices leftover. In the end we each got dinner and lunch out of this pizza.Another plus for this place is that they deliver all the way out to the western end of Champaign. It took an hour and it cost $4.50 extra, but it was worth it.
4	There's good pizza to be found! The price is a bit less than most other places, and the choices are fabulously unique. On a whim we decided to order from this place, and couldn't have been happier with the turn out. Not only are the pizza's tasty but the bread sticks are given in ample supply. I swear as long as this place exists, I will never eat at a pizza hut, or dominoes as long as I live within it's delivery circumference.
4	It's fun to feel like you're ordering pizzas from around the world. We've tried the baked potato (my personal fave), the chicken tika pizza, the thai pizza, and the el boliviano. The El Boliviano was our least favorite. It had more potatoes than any of the other toppings listed in the ingredients, which was disappointing. The three other kinds were very good and unique tasting. We like that they deliver way out to the far west end of Champaign development and that they always have some kind of special going on (so far).
4	I've been ordering from this place for years, and it is very good for what it is.  It's some of the cheapest pizza you can get around Champaign.  But it still tastes good and they don't skimp on the toppings.  So for my money, it is the best cheap pizza in town.They generally have a lot of specials and will staple coupons to your box so you can save money next time.  The specials are pretty good - things like free cheese bread in the past, or cheaper specialty pizzas.  The specialty pizzas are good when you feel like spending a bit more - but they're still about the expense of say, a Pizza Hut pizza and are far more interesting.  Cilantro and taco seasonings on a pizza?  Sure.  Kim chi and bulgoogi beef?  They do that too.  The specialty pizzas are pretty interesting, and while I wouldn't get all of them again, I've thought they were all worth trying.They're fast and friendly on the phone.  They are generally one of my go-tos after a long day at work when I want something satisfying and easy for dinner.  They are also some of the best drunk food around in my opinion - it's hard to beat the extra garlic pizza, or sausage, or mushroom - or all three.  So the toppings are good, the crust is kind of bread-y, and the sauce is nicely seasoned and not sweet at all.  And the price is definitely right.
2	We only go to One World when we're too intoxicated to realize that well, we're at One World. My roommates and I would usually wake up in the morning with a couple plain white cardboard boxes on our living room table with nothing left but grease stains in them. Seems like the $5 dollar pizzas win us over after a long night on Green St.I have had One World sober. Maybe if I was drunk, it would have tasted better. Not exactly quality ingredients and the bread tastes a little like the white cardboard box it comes in.Open basically until the sun rises, it does it's job of satisfying late night hunger. Personally, I'd opt for passing out instead.
5	My family absolutely loves the BBQ Chicken and Cheddar pizza. We usually order online and then immediately drive in to pick up. Chicken tenders and breadsticks are okay, as are some of the other specialty pizza selections.
