1	Wow u ppl please never ever go and shop at this plc ever! They lied to me and were the rudest any plc can be,  I can not even go over the story with u frieands but please do u a fav and DO NOT SHOP there!
1	DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY.  The staff has no training, their website falsely advertises opticians on site and they refuse to return calls or e-mails to their website regarding problems with their merchandise.  This is a disreputable company that gives specialty shops a bad name.  The only "specialty" they have is conning customers out of money with false claims.  You are better served to buy "knockoff shades" from sidewalk vendors.  I made 4 attempts to reach someone to discuss my complaint and the illegal activities that occured during my purchase.  No return call, no problem, no business if a license is revoked.
1	A claim to the Better Business Bureau was never answered.  Repeated phone calls to management were never returned. This Company shopuld be banned from advertising in national magazines and dispensing prescription eyewear.
1	I bought prescription glasses here that cost me over $1,000 and they wanted to charge me to ship them. I balked and told them that either they ship it by two day air when they are ready or I would just buy them at home. They agreed and I gave them my office address to ship to so someone would be home when they arrived. They assured me that they would ship them within a few days and would email me the tracker.After a week with no news I called the store and asked what happened. They told me that they were shipped. I asked them why they didn't email me the tracker as agreed and they told me that they did (b.s.) but would re-send it right away. Several hours went by and no email so I called the store again and the salesman arrogantly told me he was busy with a customer and would get to it when he could.Finally I rec'd the tracker and they did not send it to my office address as agreed, and shipped it by ground taking more than one week to arrive and therefore arriving too late for me to take with me on my long trip. I called the store back and asked why they didn't ship it by air as agreed, and was told (again arrogantly) that since I didn't pay for the shipping they could only send it by ground.I am still debating refusing delivery and cancelling the sale. What a bunch of liars and arrogant incompetents. I recommend that you do not patronize this store ever!!
1	This store sucks. Bad service. You will never get a refund so do not purchase unless you are sure. I had a horrible experience. The lens didn't fit. Only gave me store credit and was forced to buy a new glass that I don't need. Would never go back again. Super bad service.
