3	I was sooooo excited to go to the David Yurman outlet... slightly disappointing. I didn't really expect that they'd have a ton of stuff they currently have in the stores, but the majority of the merchandise was NOT my taste. A lot of it was really huge, large, flashy pieces. They had some of cable bracelets, but very unique stuff I've never seen- nothing really practical or classic. There was set I liked- all gold cookie necklace with matching earrings, but it still would have been super expensive. Some of the stuff is imperfect, so be careful. I was admiring a confetti necklace but the edges on all the pieces were rough and looked CHEAP. I was surprised that they'd even sell it at the Yurman outlet. My suggestion is to go with big money and an open mind. Perhaps you'll find something you'll like, but don't except to get anything 'normal'.
4	I was so so so excited to get a chance to finally come to this outlet. I just happened to stop by on the last day of their additional 20% off sale that the mall was doing. SCORE!It took a little for the salespeople to notice that I was serious about buying something. They must have shown me at least 20 rings before I finally decided on the one that I want. Everyone was super nice and helpful and helped me choose the perfect ring within my budget.I wanted to see if they had any petite albions at the discounted price but apparently they never go on sale :[
5	I've been shopping here for years, and have always had a fabulous experience. We actually had a personal shopper at this store that emailed us rings that we were looking for as they came in. The deals have always been phenomenal, and I have never been disappointed in the quality of the jewelry. Most of the jewelry has been worn in a photo shoot and that is why it is discounted. I love a lot of the older styles which can be found at this outlet, but be warned they sell immediately. I've found some of my best pieces at this store, and they even let me do lay away. I cringe at buying David Yurman at a department store for full price. It's worth the drive out there or call them and they would be happy to email pieces they have. Happy shopping!
5	The David Yurman Outlet in Las Vegas is my absolute favorite store-I started shopping with them when I saw they won the award for Best Outlet in Las Vegas last year-and it's the truth! My sales professional is so helpful and always shows me the best pieces-she really gets my style and now I have a great collection. The prices are 30%-60% off retail, and they have a great selection and get new pieces all the time. My family out of town shops with them via email-they always send pictures of new arrivals. The quality of the merchandise is great-I've never had an issue-they are the same as the retail store, not manufactured for outlet. This is the only place to get reduced price on DY and the whole staff is just super!
4	I had a great experience in this store. Even though the salesperson wasn't sure we were going to buy anything she politely showed us all the pieces we were interested in. I found several items discounted that are still full price in the stores.I left without anything as I couldn't decide but called back two days later and the women was great! She was able to even find me a ring I've been looking for that they didn't have in stock there.At 30%-60% off I think if you find a piece here you love - get it! I heard it goes fast especially the typical stuff. I am very happy with my experience and will be back or keep in close touch with my salesperson.Now reading some of these other reviews makes me nervous. They  never said anything about it being used for photo shoots like another reviewer remarked I'm hoping since that was an old review that was something from awhile ago and not the case today. Shouldn't they tell you if that's the case?
5	Went in just to look and left with two BEAUtiful rings to commemorate my partner's and my civil union. the salesperson was so chatty and helpful. We will definitely be giving them more of our business!
1	Went to this outlet with nothing but respect for DY left with nothing but disappointment. Let me start off with I am a young urban influenced tattooed from neck to feet male so like other higher class stores they didn't take a second look at me . finally the store manager asked me can I help u after 5 min of staring at me like I don't belong there .. Yes!!! I'd like to look at the skull wave ring . she says we've never gotten in b4 I'm thrilled only to find out it doesn't fit darn . She informs me it can be resized , sweet I'll take it 35$ resize fee. Go back a week later to pick up she pulls out from back ring fits to a t but what was once black looked more gray and blk in certain spots informed her of discoloration wich was clearly visible and she says that's how it looked when it was sent out I said no it's clearly a diffrent color so she pulls up DY website and tries to not show me picture cause she could clearly see color difference so i pulled up on my phone and say see she says yes it's the same while her face twitches with guilt I say this is not the craftsmanship I paid for she didn't offer a refund till I said,  so I'm stuck with a ugly discolored ring? She hesitated and says well we can refund after denying for 15 min I said refund then she hesitated again and tried to bring up she doesn't see discoloration then I say I want my refund she didn't look happy but guess what neither am I i left with a overall bad taste I my mouth for DY but just to prove my point I went to Cesar's palace forum shops and found ring all solid blk wow .. The guy there appoligized after telling him what happened also informed me the outlets use a different person to resize I asked to see one in display size was right so I purchased full price almost went back to show lady the difference in color but knew she could already tell .. I will never do business there again I used to go to the outlet outside of Houston and never had an experience like this .. Management is clearly to blame in this store I suggest if u do go here to look your jewelry over very close cause manager is a shyster..
