5	We stopped in because this place was on the walk from the Paper Skyscraper to Sweet Lorraine's Bakery. The owner said they had opened seven weeks before, after having a chocolate store in England for a long time. The experience shows in the quality; we tried four different truffles -- Earl Grey, Rose, Raspberry, and Peanut Butter -- and found them very enjoyable, although the rose flavor was very rose in scent, perhaps a bit too strange for our taste. Since I was only visiting Charlotte, I won't have the opportunity to visit again soon, but if I find myself in the city I will definitely stop here for locally-made chocolate.
5	I had passed this shop numerous times as I work down the street over at T Reid and Company. I decided to stop in one day because I wanted to pick up some chocolate for a co-worker of mine and I am glad that I did. The truffles are handmade and absolutely delicious. I got two boxes. One for her and one for myself. We loved them all, however although I love bacon and chocolate together, this truffle was not my favorite. Yet, don't let that stop you from trying the place. The truffles were delicious and the store is owned by the sweetest British couple. It truly is a family affair and the truffles are definitely made with love.
5	I bought a box of 8 for my coworkers, and I'm now up for promotion!Seriously though, these chocolates were amazing.  Cherie and John are great, and really know their stuff.  The care and attention to detail they put into their work is inspirational.  I will definitely be back.
5	I purchased my wedding guest favors from these lovely people.  Cherie took great care in making sure the packaging was exactly what I wanted and several guests commented how wonderful the chocolates were.  We chose the caramel and peanut butter flavors.  My experience working with the owners was absolutely fantastic and I will think of Chocolates by Lorada in the future, whether it be for a gift or a chocolate fix!  I have also tried a honey cardamom flavor which was wonderful!
