4	Good place to go to watch games, get drunk, sing karaokee and of course... eat wings.Their wings are awesome and well priced on top of it all.Great drink specials and wing specials.  It's a stereotypical Pittsburgh divey bar.
5	Wednesday is Wing Nite! 35 cent wings and THE best wings in Pittsuburgh.... voted that way.  Of course that can be subjective depending on your likes. Kaib's uses their own sauce that not TOO hot but is very flavorful and they serve "half wings" (leg & wing parts separated) The wings are also well cooked... crunchy but not dry or undercooked like some places.  The burgers are HUGE, the Fry's are the kind of Fry's served in the 70's & 80's ... not mushy but a little crunchy so the kids love em.  Be sure and pay attention the "home of the Pittsburgh Pirates Inc." sign when you walk in... it's quite a story.This is the kind of place people search out when you visit a city. It's got a real Pittsburgh ambiance... It's a the kind of place "locals" hang out at the and kind of hearty food that hearkens back to a Steelworker kinda place.It's a great place to check out if you're heading up to any of the more expensive places along Grandview avenue for a bit of local flair and less expensive drinks
3	Kaib's has gone away, in it's stead, The Bigham Tavern. What's old is new again! Before this building was "Kaib's" it was known for years as Bigham Tavern, the new owners are planning big things and a new menu. Urban legend says that the Waner brothers who played for the Pittsburgh Pirated in the early twentieth century drank at the Bigham Tavern before and after games. So this bar has a lot of history. I wish the new owners luck!
4	I went to this place back when it was Kaib's many years ago and came back to the Burgh to visit and get to see it renovated. The new place is a much needed improvement. Great selection of beers and the menu is looking pretty good as well. We didnt get to sample too much off of it but we did get the smothered fries and we were all in heaven. The fries are beer battered which made all the difference in the world and then covered in cheddar, bacon and all sorts of other goodness. You have to have it.
5	They've changed a lot since the evolution from Kaib's into BT. The menu is way different and the prices went up, but the food is still good and everyone is still nicer here than another similar establishment located on Shiloh...Wing flavor menu is HUGE now! Huge and delicious. I loved the wings when it was only 4 flavors to choose from, and I love them even more that they got creative with them and made about 30 more. Also, tons more beers to choose from. And clean fresh lines in their tap system.They're putting in an outdoor patio soon and I'm pretty sure it should be ready for summer '12. Since I live about a block away, I'm sure ill be spending a lot more time there once they have the outdoor spot. I'm a sucker for a good patio.My one gripe is they only had beer battered fries for about a month when they first switched over. That was enough to make me fall in love with them, then they took them away and I've been whiney about it ever since. Need those damn fries back in my life
4	Solid wings (not the very best in the 'burgh in my opinion, but definitely up there).  Excellent place to watch Steelers or Pens (I think there are about 4 TVs visible at a minimum from every seat in the establishment).  Average/slightly above average beer selection.Overall, pretty damn good.This place - as other reviewers will tell you too - used to be Kaib's.  Kaib's sauce lives on (now called BT's Original) thank the good Lord.  They really did an excellent job cleaning the place up.  It totally went from solid dive bar that just so happens to have decent wings to solid Pittsburgh bar (which is synonymous with sports, to me).My advice: expect a dive and be wildly impressed.
4	This place has made some drastic improvements since it changed over from Kaib's. While it is a little more pricey, it is still incredibly affordable, with most items on the menu being under $10. Newly revamped menu, with a bunch of items that I haven't tried yet, but everything I have had so on it is pretty good quality. They have some of best wings in the city, in fact I think they were just voted so, with over 20 different kinds of sauces, and 44 cent wing nights on Wednesdays, or during any Pirates, Steelers, or Pens game. Not all of the flavors will blow your taste buds, but there are definitely a handful that keep me coming back on a regular basis. (I would recommend the Red Hot Honey, or the Gnarly if you like spicy).  Their beer selection seems to be growing on almost a monthly basis. With a pretty decent variety on draft, and rather large selection in bottle. This is a great place to watch any sporting event, with TV's visible for almost any point in the bar, and often big crowds to cheer along side.This is also a great place to come chill. In their back room they have 2 pool tables and a dartboard, and this summer they are planning on building a large deck, which should provide a nice place for some outdoor dining.My biggest complaint with this place is some what poor wait staff. Don't get this confused with their bartenders, which always seem to be friendly and hardworking, but they often seem to cycle through waitresses that move incredibly slow, and are never around when you need another drink.
4	We were looking for a wing place and based on the reviews, we gave this place a try.  The reviews didn't lie.  The wings are awesome.  Crispy and juicy, just the way I like them.  I tried the garlic parm wings and my boyfriend had the buffalo and cajun dry wings.  We also had the fresh cut fries with cheese.  All was delicious and because the Pirates were playing the wings were $0.44 each.  I will also note that their wing night is Wednesday.  The bar is very nice and they have a lot of tv's to watch sports.  The only downfall is parking.  There is some construction next door and I am hoping it's for a parking lot.  Regardless, I will be back.
5	I love this place once it reopened! I live nearby and it's a nice place to hang out for wing night or just to have a beer. It is often very crowded but the waitress I had on the most crowded night still did a good job of making sure we were taken care of. The wings and beer were great. The menu is varied and everything I tried tasted good - plus, the prices were pretty reasonable. Nice hangout on Mt. Wash!
4	I want to give this place five stars, and I would if some items were cleaned up.  I'll get to that later.  Regardless, I really liked this place during my Friday lunch visit.I liked the menu.  It was similar to a more hipster place on Shiloh, with a nice selection of burgers, wings, and other "better" munchies.  They also had Lenten specials.  Lots of different draft beers and tons of bottles from what I could see.  The bartender wasn't overly friendly (Problem #1... he seemed not too happy to be at work which is a definite turn off.)  I ordered a crab sake sandwich, given it was Friday in Lent and it was a staple on their menu I wanted to see what they were workin' with.  I think the crab cake is the "end all be all" of a restaurant--if it is fresh you know the food is good.  If it is a dense puck of breading then you know what the restaurant is like.  It was phenomial.  I got the sweet potato fries which were just so-so (it's hard to find good SP fries, IMO).  The bread that it was served on was SO FRESH that I had a hard time not picking at my pieces.  The portions were reasonable and you could tell the main dish was the star of the show because they side portions were perfect.  Sitting at the bar was the classic Mt Washington crowd-- the obnoxious frat guys, the mt washington natives, young professionals.  I really liked this atmosphere but Problem #2 is that the obnoxious frat guys kind of turned the environment .  I mean, there is no need to state loudly (for all the bar to hear, at noon-or any time of the day) "Worthless Yinzers" during a conversation with your buddy.  I mean, you really aren't impressing anyone.  The draft beers are expensive to my no-longer-a-city-dweller perspective, with two beers and a sandwich costing a little over $20, but I would go back again for the food.  It was awesome.
4	I love this place. I don't live on Mt. Washington but I definately would call this my local watering hole. The food is good and they serve it til 1 am. They are making alot of changes which is great. The outside area is great for the summertime! I love the half priced wine night! Some of the wait staff are not very friendly, there is one girl with brown hair that will make you feel like her life is a living hell... she needs to learn to smile... other than that the staff is amazing
4	I really liked this place. They had delicious house made chips. They were super tasty. Crunchy yet soft that made it known it was made from an actual potato. I got the Big Ham, their signature item. It was quite a stack of meat with every pork, ham, salami meat plus bacon. A real "Dagwood" sandwich. $2 Bud Light bottles were the special. Old time bar feeling mixed with lots of flat screen TVs everywhere, a perfect place to watch a game. Can't wait to go back and try some wings.
4	Hubby and I strolled to the Bigham from the incline early Friday evening on the recommendation of one of the incline staff.  We started with the tickled pickles which were perfect and then he had the giant fish and house chips.  Another winner.  I had the Greek salad that was fresh, tasty and perfectly sized.  No anchovies was a bummer, though.Service was pleasant and knowledgeable, but stretched a bit.  Atmosphere was lively and clientele was every age 1-100.  Ok. 1-75...  Liked the mix.  One missing star because we thought there could be a chance that the table or benches could simply collapse without notice - I kept a firm hold of my Angry Orchard.Would definitely go back.  Much easier to fix a table than a menu + a happy staff makes or breaks a restaurant experience.  Next time wings!
4	I visited this place years ago when it was still Kaib's. It was decent, a little dingy and the food was average. Whoever bought the place did a very good job at transforming it! The place looks updated and the food is awesome! With countless wing sauces and regular dining food as well incase you're not one for bar food. Prices are about average, could be a little cheaper but the clean atmosphere and service makes up for it. They also have great drink specials as well. We've been going on Sundays for $3 Blue Moons. The bartenders are also very nice and helpful. Another positive is the plethora of TVs. I've never been here in the day, but there are two dining rooms attatched from the bar that seem pretty nice. Not sure if they're open after normal "restaurant" hours.
3	Bigham Tavern is a great neighborhood bar.  It's a little divey but not like its predecessor, Kaib's.  It's a great place fo karaoke (but they got rid of it - we hope they bring it back), to watch a game, or to get some wings.  The wings are probably the highlight of the menu.  Bigham has at least 20 different flavors of chicken wings.  The wings are always very nicely done, and are of decent size.  I've never experienced them overcooked or poorly done.  They're definitely some of the best wings I've ever had in Pittsburgh!I recently also had a Pittsburgh salad (minus the fries) with grilled chicken - the restaurant offers that you can get any of your toppings (chicken, steak, et al.) tossed in any of their numerous wing sauces.  I ordered the grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce and it was really tasty.  The chicken was nicely done, it was tender and juicy and falling apart.  The rest of salad was comprised of very fresh ingredients.  The only reason I'm not giving Bigham 4 stars - because the food is pretty good for a divey bar - is because their service is pretty inconsistent.  Some nights it's kind of poor and other nights it's good!  It's a mixed bag.  Basically, it is one of my favorite neighborhood spots and offers people a nice change from Shiloh Grill and Redbeard's.
5	best bar in pittsburgh!!!  top notch food for bar food and great selection of booze.please expand so we don't have a long wait on game day ;)
3	My friends are obsessed with this place and go here often for the bar scene. Good selection of booze overall.I'm giving it 3 stars because the food was super good (get the buffalo chicken quesadilla - you won't regret it), but the service was slow. After reading other reviews I guess that in that regard it is usually a hit or miss. Definitely worth the time it takes you to find a parking space.
4	I know so far I always have given good reviews... however... I really love this place.. the food is excellent and is great for me because I only live a block away.. the only problem I have with the place is that it needs to be bigger.. they need to have two bars.. makes me claustrophobic..  Also they have craft beers.. enjoy the Bigham.. I know I sure have
3	I was at Bigham Tavern late night on Saint Patrick's Day wknd.  When we arrived the place was full and it was kind of hard to get a beer.  As the night progressed, the crowd thinned out but the bartenders attitude remained the same.  Maybe they just had a long day, but they could have been a little bit nicer especially to people who were not being out of control.  We ordered food around 11:30 pm.  Our server was accommodating but the food was really nothing to rave about.  i originally ordered the pulled pork sliders but the server came back and told me they were out of them so I had the crab cake sliders.  The mayo sauce was a bit overwhelming, the crab cakes were cooked a little too long and the buns were blah.
5	Love this place! By far the best wing night I've had in pittsburgh =D I will say the wait gets extremely long on Wednesday Wing Night but the $.44 cent wings are totally worth every minute. They have a large selection of flavors to chose from (over 26 flavors I believe.) If you aren't into wings...dont worry they also have $1.25 tacos the same night plus good beer specials. Great place to bring friends and watch sports as well
3	Food was beyond amazing and the beer selection is really great.. The house salad was a nice size and the wings were so good... I had a veggie burger for dinner and it was so good I cleared my whole plate!!! Yum But the service was just unacceptable, the sign said seat yourself, so we did and about 10 minutes later someone came up to us.. She just seemed rushed and didn't want to really take our order. I had to ask for the drink I wanted twice before I actually got it and then it ended up on my bill two times. We had no silverware on the table so we asked someone else who wasn't our waitress and she handed us two roll ups but there were four of us at the table... I would love to go back again but not if I saw the same people working I would probably turn right back out the door.
5	This is my go to bar and I love their Wednesday Wing Nights. I always get 12 wings, ranch, a basket of fries, and a beer for a total of $10 SO pretty cheap. The ladies are always so sweet and after 10pm they have a man checking ID's. All other food is amazing but their wings r by far the best. They have a outside area they just opened also. If you live in the area or in Mount. Washington stop by.
4	This is a terrific little neighborhood bar with a very, very popular wing night on Wednesdays.  Be prepared to wait, but the large variety of sauces are intriguing.  In our first visit, we sampled four, and the winner was:  Honey Garlic Habanero.  Just perfect.  The signature (award-winning) wings have that palm oil taste that I associate with theater popcorn.  Tasty.  The cajun dry rubbed wings are nicely seasoned.  The wet cajun wings also had a bit of that palm oil flavor.  They do a nice job with their tap selection, and there were some nice craft beers available.  A plate came by with a kielbasa sausage that looked and smelled amazing.  Next time I stop by, that's what I'm going to try.  My ONLY complaint is that it's kind of ridiculously loud in the bar area, and I don't understand how the servers are able to communicate with their customers.  Somebody put an EQ on that sound system and scoop out the high mids (2.5k specifically), please!  The outdoor patio area was full of patrons, and there was a well-organized waiting list for tables.  We were lucky enough to find a pair of bar seats open together and snatched them up, but wow, the ambient volume of the room was around 95 db on my sound meter.  Outside would have been more comfortable for us, sound-wise, but the atmosphere inside is fun.  Our impression of the serving staff as quite favorable.  Engaging and friendly people both in the hostess area and at the bar.  We will be back to explore the menu further, and it's no wonder that the wings in this place have been recognized as the city's best.  They are quite good.
5	I'm a tourist who stumbled upon this place after riding the Duquesne Incline and seeing no other reasonably priced eat/drink options. Our server was Liz and she was rad! There were all kinds of beer options that were mostly $3-$5 per pint. Everything we ordered was good. Caesar salad, pork poppers (happy hour app), cheesesteak. I really liked the Gnarly and Honey Garlic Habanero flavored wings. Also, we had our 7 year old and 13 month old with us who were welcomed during daytime hours.
5	I don't even want to tell you about how good the wings are because then it might get more crowded... Really, though, these are the best wings at the best price that I've found in Pittsburgh. They're incredible. They also have some new cocktails that are really delicious and they serve them in cute mason jars. It's perfect for summer.
1	This used to be a decent place, but our last visit this past weekend proved otherwise.  Me and five of my friends thought it'd be a good place to go and grab a few beers and play some darts.  We've been there before, decent beers and a somewhat decent atmosphere.  Not this time.  We got our first round, a couple beers and a bucket.  After that, two of our friends were at the bar for 25 MINUTES and didn't get served!!!  They moved to different parts of the bar also, and the bartenders, TWO OF THEM, blatantly ignored them.  We came out because we were playing darts in the back and wondered what was taking so long, we skipped their turns about 5 times already, I even loudly said to the one bartender, "Excuse me!" but she purposely ignored me.  I guess we weren't douchey enough, because it seems like you have to wear a too tight polo shirt and have a false sense of entitlement to get good service there.   Well they lost out on about $200 Friday night because we were going to stay there for the night and drink, but for some reason we weren't good enough to be served.  The six of us that were there will never set foot in there again, and we told all of our friends about our horrible service that night and they will not go there either.  Maybe the owner doesn't give a shit and thinks he has enough business, but when bad word gets around, no matter how many customers you have, it's bad for business.  All I know is that roughly 20 people that would have considered going there before will DEFINITELY not set foot in there again.  You can thank your horrible bartenders for that, Bingham Tavern.
5	Wow! This is by far the best place we have been to while visiting Pittsburgh.  Our waitress Steph Z. was amazing! We explained we were from out of town and she went above and beyond to recommend menu items, bring us sample wing sauces, even had the bar make us custom shots we were used to from back home. We could have stayed all night in the laid back sports type atmosphere.  We ordered wings and they were delicious and huge!  Too bad Bigham Tavern isn't back home in Texas because we would be regulars!
4	Not really my typical type of place, as this is quite a sport atmosphere, but I love Bigham Tavern! Any night of the week is a good night to go, though expect a wait during busy times, like Wednesday wing night. They have so many awesome wing flavors, and the wings are delicious! I also like their salads and sandwiches as well. The beer choices were pretty excellent as well, and they had some cool cocktails on their menu to boot! Everything is reasonably priced, and the people are friendly.
4	"Bigham Taven ain't too bad if yinz are lookin' for a bite on that hill above that there dah'tahn area."Pittsburgh.  For whatever reason, this place just screams it (not in a bad way).  In what I personally think is one of the more barren culinary/bar landscapes in the city (Mt. Washington), Bigham provides a welcome escape for $0.44 cent wings, decent drafts and a non-pretentious atmosphere.Speaking to wing night itself, do yourself a favor and make sure you explore the "off-menu" flavors.  Ask your server for a description, but more or less you have the option for three combo sauces (their base Coyote spice rub plus a BBQ, Hot or Butter Garlic) their Cluckin' Hot (hotter than Atomic) or the 5th flavor of the day (I swear it changes every time I ask, so that's what I'm naming it).The wings themselves are good and it's easy to slide out of here with a dozen wings and two quality drafts for less than $20.  The only place Bigham falls short is the service.  Not exactly the most welcoming crowd to match their welcoming atmosphere and there always seems to be some service hiccups (i.e. table # mix-ups, slow service, taking orders multiple times, etc.).  While these detract from the experience a bit, they've never been enough to offset the otherwise good experience (and my craving for wings).
4	Wings here are pretty awesome. Every time I've been it has been pretty busy, certainly a good crowd for the most part, especially for Mt Washington
5	Great food,  great drinks,  friendly staff.   A lot of fun nights at the BT.  This has been my choice hangout for about 3 years now and sometimes the crowd changes but I always manage to know at least one or two folks in the crowd.   They recently redid the menu and killed it.  Great hangout for a group of friends,  quick bite for lunch or after work and be sure to cure your Saturday hangover on Sunday morning with Kellys Bloody Mary.
4	Been there a couple times now and I think it's a good place to go in the Mt. Washington area. Wide selection of beers. Since they are pretty known in the area for their wing night it tends to get busy but I guess the wings are pretty good (my boyfriend got some). The first time I was there I got a chicken sandwich and, while it was tasty, it was a bit salty. The other three people in our party agreed. The second time I was there I thought everything was seasoned just right. Casual. Good place to hang out with friends and watch a game!
4	Bingham Tavern is a great spot on the Mount to the watch the game, with giant TVs and a good selection of bar food. I highly recommend visiting on a Wednesday for their wing night and half priced wine on Tuesday. They also offer some healthy items on the menu if you're not looking for full on heavy bar food.As for brunch, I've had a few bad experiences with the lack of staff, so the service was frustratingly bad. So unless you're super patient and have lots of time, think twice about a weekend brunch.
5	Been here a few times. Has the local neighborhood bar atmosphere while appealing to a broader audience. Food, especially wings, is always a step or two above what you would expect. Very reasonable beer prices. Definitely going to try and catch a Steeler game here sometime soon.
5	This a a neighborhood bar just outside of the city. It turned out to be such a great find! They offer basic pub fare and some specials. That night they had a meat loaf special. However we opted for the pork poppers, wings, and burgers. The poppers are filled with tender, juicy, and flavorful pulled BBQ pork and cheese, coated with a beer batter type breading, and served with BBQ sauce for dipping. They were delish! The wings were cooked just right and the sauces are phenominal! OMG! you may not be able to find another burger as good as the ones they have here! They are made from an aged sirloin and they have such a rich flavor! Our burgers were cooked perfectly! Of course we got way too much food and couldn't finish it all. But, we tried our darndest because every bite was mouth watering! The burgers are served with house made potato chips. Get those and don't do the up sell. they are really good chips and you can't go wrong! To top it off they have a fantastic beer list! And apparently this is a great place to watch sports. There was a hockey game on the night that we were there. If we are ever in Pittsburgh again we are definitely coming back!
5	We love Bigham! My merry crew of friends come in multiple times every week. We could be misconstrued  as rowdy or difficult but the staff at Bigham is always gracious and fun. We have not met a waiter or waitress we don't like and everyone is fast and helpful. We especially want to shout out Steph Z for her amazing service and for putting up with us plus she keeps all of secrets secret. Wing Night Wednesday  is awesome and Saturday  and Sunday brunches make us happy too.
4	This is a great local bar nestled in the hills of Mt Washington.  I've been going here for years because the beer is cold and the wings are remarkable.  I was there last evening and the place was packed (Wed wing night.)  I would give this establishment 5 stars but it did take over an hour and half to be seated and get our food.  I highly recommend going on a different night if you want the wings--don't be a cheap ass.  Also, the baskets of curly fries continue to get smaller and smaller and not worth the $4 price tag.
4	Every time I come here, I wonder: where did they find these people? Impeccable service, so warm and friendly, as if you stopped by your family's house!
