4	I brought a pair of jeans for a hem job. I forgot the exact amount, but it was like $18 without original hem and ~$21 with the original. I choose to alter it with the original hem, and I like the result very much. It's in sort of obscure place, so it might be hard to find, but it's close to campus and reasonable price, so I'm not complaining.
4	I had two pairs of pants altered there -- one hem and the other, a hem and waist intake -- in November. She (or they?) does an excellent job. Alterations are never cheap, and I found her prices reasonable. (I brought my pants to her while visiting from New York, where alterations can be VERY costly.) I admired her work on a beautiful velvet men's jacket that a customer came in to try on and retrieve.
5	I came here to get a dress hemmed and was very pleased with the results.  The seamstress did a great job of helping me decide what length to make the dress and was very friendly.  On top of that, the dress was ready in 2 days and only cost $15!  I will definitely be going back for all my tailoring needs.
4	I brought a leather coat in last week to have the sleeves shortened.  The work was done quite well and very quickly.  Less than a week turnaround.  The price was definitely reasonable, I was expecting to be asked for a whole lot more.  I'll go back the next time I need something altered.
4	Alterations are not cheap, and as a petite person who always needs petite denim jeans hemmed, I wish that the K-12 system had not denied me the chance to learn sewing so I could DIY, or that I was actually in conformity with the Western conception of a 5 foot 4 inch petite female, but why dwell on what you can't change now ... I have had two pairs of pants altered here before, the main lady who works there did a nice job and they were on time. I believe I did price comparisons and at the time, which was two years ago, it was the most competitively priced.
5	I've tried several people in town and this is by far the best place.  I'm just barely 5ft tall so I pretty much need very pair of pants hemmed.  She has also done a great job with bridesmaid dresses and with the pants and jacket for my nicest suit.  Very reasonably  price and she can be flexible on time.  She's rushed a job for me more than once w/o an extra fee (compared to the $30 up charge from another place in town).  Only down side is the hours but it's worth that inconvenience.Also - If  you're trying to drive to the store, there's an entrance on Gilman Street so just park there rather than trying to get in on the University side.
5	Awesome! The little hook to hold the strap on my bra ripped and I needed it fixed and wasn't even sure if anyone could do it for me. I took it here and she fixed it in about two minutes!!! Super friendly.
5	FAST!CHEAP!GREAT WORK!They only accept cash and parking stinks, but it's FAST... CHEAP & they do GREAT WORK! I brought some curtain in on Thursday to be hemmed and they were ready Friday for a cool $30. Sounds like a lot? They were velvet, 115 inches long and 64 inches wide... I was ok paying more than I would for a pant because these things given their size were like a bajillion pants.
5	A great location within walking distance  of the business school. The lady who runs the shop is nice and does quality timely work.
