1	So you have a crappy seafood restaurant that fails miserably. What do you do? Add tapas to the menu! Tapas seem to be turning into the new fallback for failing restaurants.Anyway, my initial thought when walking in the door was boredom. Drab decorations of different shades of brown and music you can hardly hear, which is probably a good thing based on their song selections.Not really sure what they're trying to do here. You have steaks, seafood, and about as American a name you can have "STEELES". The tapas don't really fit. Strange. Service was ok. Food wasn't that good though. Nothing stood out. I've had worse I guess.The overall experience was just very blah. The atmosphere wasn't fun and the food didn't save me from the boredom.I won't be going back unless they re-concept again and add some batting cages or minigolf.
4	had to hit henderson on biz so decided to try steele's given their new "look" - tapa's menu.  i figured i can continue on my quest for the best sliders in the vegas valley.  i got there late, 2 pm,  2 other customers in the place.  I sat at the bar and had a nice belgium beer on tap, i forget the name ( $6)   i ordered the sea salt / chive chips, the sliders and an asparagus leek grill.  total cost ( incl 2 beers ) $35.the chips - THE BEST POTATO CHIPS I'VE EVERY EATEN !   No BS - and i luv chips !!  The asparagus  came with a roasted red pepper sauce - ok; the sliders - had that nice charbroil/gas taste that i like.  a little light on the meat - ok. but the CHIPS !!!!If i'm ever in the area again - it's beer and chips at the bar !
2	So you have steaks and tapas here - we tried the tapas.  Nothing really popped on the tapas menu, it was definately not very extensive, so we tried about 6-7 dishes and everything was pretty meh.  The lamb lollipops were OK but too fatty.  It's pretty tough when only 1 out of 3 bites is meaty.  Our service was good and they seemed to have some good beers on tap.  The bar area looked OK - this seems like a better place to come for drinks, but then again Fados is right next door so what's the point.  I don't think I'll be back.  Fireflys is 10x better even if I have to beat down a few club-goers to get in the door.
2	geez !  what a diff two weeks can make in a place !!go back last week for lunch with a friend - sorry, we are not open for lunch anymore - here, a $10 coupon for dinner. hey, can i get a bag of the chips to go ? sir, we make out own chips , yeah babe !  i know !back this week with the gf for dinner.  8:30 pm.  there are 3 other couples in the entire place - that ain't good.ask the server for the belgium beer they have on tap - " the list of beers are on the last page ."  shit man, you only have one belgium beer on tap, do you know the menu !?!?order the chips, paella, lamb lollipops, coconut shrimp, roasted mushrooms,  fish tacos,  and a glass of  pinot noir.i expect the chips first, we get them LAST. wtf !?!?good - paella, the lamb, fish tacosavg - shrooms,  below avg - shrimp ( overcooked) chips - yes, my coveted chips - cold, limp, no salt the ugly - where's my wine ? "sorry sir, i put the order in but the bartender is ignoring me - i 'll get the manager to have him open a bottle."  Don't bother as i look over and i see the bartender making time with a blonde bim.finally order the chocolate molten cake.  "just so you know, it takes 15-20 minutes"  huuh ??  thanks for the heads up.  we order the churros instead - i wish we had our camera !  the pile of churros are arranged like its a PILE OF SHIT !!!  I can't lie, it was decent shit, but i told the server, you may want to "straighten" out the churros, he looked at it, chuckled and said he will inform the chef.  about the only laugh i had all night.my guess, this place lasts 2 more months !
