4	Believe it or not for once the name fits. also do keep in mind that 4 stars from George R. equals 7 or 8 stars from most Yelpers. This is a tough one, often when you visit a vet it's for sad reasons, which was the case for this visit. Big C, really sucks.  We first went to this vet because it was close by, then we've been back because the vibes are really really good. Both the vet and her assistant have INCREDIBLE DOG SIDE MANNERS.  Between my rescue dogs and my parents adoptive pets I've been seeing vets all too often over the years and the norm always is ... LET ME OUT!! Let's go home now, now? I'm scared ... now? now! Let me climb on your lap! At this clinic rather than picking up the beasts to place them on a table both the nurse and the vet get down and dirty on the floor and the dogs love it!!  Check out the photos of Nana my Yellow Lab during her examination, and no they're not staged. I can't say from a medical aspect that this doc is better or worse than another, but other than making both Nana and Charlie ( Shepherd/Airdale +whatever mix)   incredibly comfortable she also definitely gave me the impression of being totally competent. The practice is run very professionally, the exam is $50 then everything else runs up a la carte, which I was presented with ahead of time. Yeah this can run into some serious money but I don't think their prices are excessive overall and the advice that I was given on the best course to take has been very down to earth and sensible so far ... unlike some Animal Hospital in West Palm Beach that pretended to give a damn and proceeded to try emptying my bank account because my mothers cats had .... fleas! Sorry that was then. It's an old building, but it's clean and freshly painted and although it's on Monroe  rd. there's nothing dingy or dreary about the practice itself.  I don't know about cats (yet) or little dogs but I definitely recommend this practice for treating good sized dogs. It seems to be pretty busy but not so that you can't get an appointment  for the next day if need be or to make serious follow up calls. Pretty impressive overall.
5	I've had two cats and have brought both of them to Dr. McGarry at Compassionate Care - she is absolutely marvelous with cats. This place has always treated my pets well and kept them in good health.
5	So sweet and caring and compassionate. And that's for the owners, they're even better with the pets! So glad I've found a vet that's more interested in the health of my puppies and not my checking account!The ENTIRE staff is courteous and polite and super sweet, even with difficult situations. If you're looking for a vet with a staff that truly loves animals, look no further!
2	They were quick and they are nice people but their prices suck. Went in for a fecal sample on a kitten and one little dose of de-worming (that only covers two types of worms) and came out with a charge of $130 something. It didn't even include the vaccinations or the other de-worming medicine that I originally went in for.I checked another vet invoice from a visit to another vet office in the area for a kitten that my mother has and it was $97 for everything that I got here PLUS the vaccinations, chlamydia protection, and the full de-worming treatment.Basically, it's like any other small indie place, they don't have bad service and it's a nice little place but they charge way too much for too little.And on a side note, there was a person checking out ahead of me in the waiting area who was also befuddled about the price. I should have taken that as a sign and left before they had my card.
