4	I have rented from this Budget location several times now and have always had a great experience. They are laid back, no pressure to add all the extras, and friendly. The cars I have rented have always been in good condition and mechanically sound. My only complaint is that the hours they are open are more limited than some other locations. They close at 5:30 on weekdays and are open for a while on Saturdays and not at all on Sundays. They have a night drop box, however, and have never tried to overcharge me for an extra day when I use the box. Their prices are consistently more reasonable than other locations.
1	I reserved a car....went to go pick it up and they said my credit was to low to rent from them....when the hell did they run my credit...scam. I rented from hertz no problems...never will use budget.
5	Rented from them on my first trip to AZ.  Everything was great!  The owner was friendly & helpful & the car was almost new. No problems whatsover & they were the cheapest around  Would definitely rent from them again.
5	Easy as pie to reserve online.QUICK to pick up, no issues. Very friendly. No major upsale drama.In and out quickly and return was a breeze. safe clean truck and very inexpensive for a one day in town move!
5	Rented here twice since i been in arizona and both times were in and out had no issues with billing and the staff work to get you processed as they understand your time is valuable i would most definitely use this company over u-haul
5	I have rented a Toyota Sienna through Costco and picked up at this location.  No pressure or hassle to add-on insurance.  It was quick and easy!   If you are a Costco member, the second driver is free.  This is the best rental car place I have encountered.  The Manger is really friendly.  The van was clean and almost new.  I will definitely rent from this location again.
5	As much as I wanted to keep this place secret, my last experience was so great that I had to write a review! I have rented several vehicles from this location to take family road trips in and the staff here has impressed me every time.  I have rented from the airports before and they are high-pressure and usually jerks! But never at this location. They have a friendly staff, reliable/clean cars and truly go above & beyond to ensure a positive experience. Thank you againDan-
