3	Ok, So I was channel surfing during the summer and stumbled upon a documentary about and old fridge in a bar. Come to fine out this was the place. I'm a Remy, Hennessy, Courvoisier and Crown Royal man myself and the hennesy here was very crisp and a good amount. The ambiance is very relaxing and the bartender is pretty cool. If you're looking for a place to lay low and chill with a good drink, this is the place. I haven't tried the food yet but the drinks are satisfying for now. I'm definitely visiting this spot again and again and again.
4	I appreciate what Eclipse is trying to do with itself but I think that they haven't quite gotten it down yet. The interior is nice, reminiscent of a club but more accommodating; the bar area is easy to access.The bartender is friendly and will actually talk to you, which was great because when my girlfriend and I walked in we were two of three customers. It would have been awkward had he not been a nice guy.Our initial reason for walking in was to get a bite to eat. Just from "liking" them on Facebook I had been receiving messages about them in my feed. I seemed to remember something about organic food and wanted to try it.I don't know what I read, because all the bartender could offer us was a selection of dips and some tortillas or pita bread. We were actually kind of hungry for a hearty appetizer or a light entree and were relatively disappointed when we heard their selection. We ended up ordering their hummus and pita platter and it WAS good. I asked him if they made the hummus in house and he responded that they got it from Greek Gourmet on Murray. I don't mind that they don't make it in house, it was delicious.As the night progressed the bar filled up a bit and everything started to come together. The drinks were good and we had a fun time just enjoying the atmosphere. A DJ arrived at some point into the night and did his thing. All in all, it was fun, I just wish they'd get a menu.UPDATE: Just got an email from the owner, Michelle about a new menu they're rolling out. It includes salmon, gyros, poutine, turkey sliders and a bunch of other things. I'll let everyone know how it is soon!
4	It's all about the Old Fashions, Martinis, and Manhattans with the resurgence of '60s awesomeness (thank you, Mad Men!), and the bartenders at Eclipse Lounge are ready to shake and stir your world!We were here for a private party on Saturday and really had a good time. There was a crowd, but it wasn't crowded. I agree with a previous review, that with their website and Groupon, it was difficult to tell if you're supposed to primarily eat or drink here.  Well, as of now at least, the answer is drink. They have a nice list of wines, beers and specialty cocktails supplied by personable bartenders who know their way around a shaker.  The ambiance is lounge-y but not sleazy, and the clientele follows suit. The DJ was rocking some sweet old school hits like Snoop & 90's jamz.The word on the street is that they're building a deck in the back for spring, and replacing the front facade with a large garage door thingy so that it can be open on nice days.PS- If you're using your Groupon, bring the paper version.
4	Cool neighborhood bar.  Went with a friend on a weekday night; only 2 other people in there.  Got a Manhattan and a Whiskey Sour, both made well and strong, for not a lot of dough.  The latter was made with fresh citrus, not sour mix (not sure if that's the case all the time, or was just because it was a slow night). There's a lot of space to sit and a cool second level that would be nice for a private party or small get-together.  Agreed, this isn't the place to go for dinner, but it's a good stop after one.
5	The Eclipse Lounge is a trendy newish Butler St bar that has great ambience and a knowledgeable bar staff. The main bar area is beautiful, subtle lighting and cozy, inviting atmosphere make it the ideal place to bring a date. I have only been here a few times, so I can't comment extensively on the drink quality, but from what I have had, it was yummy. I walk by their specials board almost everyday and they always look inviting.DJ selections on Friday nights are usually something interesting, no top 40 hip hop junk here. If you are a Saturday night Firehouse regular, or a Shady Grover - you will definitely feel comfortable at Eclipse.
4	300th review!  And I'm happy to bestow it on this charming little lounge on Butler Street.I came here on a Saturday evening (around 630 pm) with several girlfriends, while we waited forever for a table at Piccolo Forno.  FYI, if you are looking for a place to wait for a table at PF, this is an outstanding choice.  Not even a block away, super fun cocktails, and even some snacks if you feel like you can't wait 90 minutes before you get to your pasta.There weren't many other patrons when we arrived, but by the time we left around 8, the place was filling up.  Seating is a bit awkward - there are lots of stools at the bar, and there are some loungey couches with small tables.  But there are only a few small stools that face the loungey couches, so if you come with a big group, it's hard to sit so you're all facing each other.  But the bartenders are more than willing to grab barstools and try to rearrange things to make you comfortable.The atmosphere is trendy and fun, with a gorgeous new ceiling and some cool old-fashioned touches.  I loved the music they were playing, it was pretty random, but I remember some classic '80s selections and that always makes me happy.  The bartender was fun and casual with us, pulling up a stool to our table to take our order, and joking with us when he stepped out for a cig and left us in the place unattended for a minute.I ordered a Zimlet (delicious and floral cocktail with St. Germain elderflower liqueur), and then a French Kiss (classic French martini).  They were strong, the martini glasses were full to the brim, and I was feeling good!  Their cocktail menu was so fun, we tried a lot of drinks between the seven of us, and everyone was happy.  We also ordered a few appetizers from their food menu - almost everything on the menu is organic and they buy from local sources, so that was impressive.  We got spinach-feta hummus (which I believe came from the Greek Gourmet, but still it was delish) and then a cheese/fruit platter, which was simple (cubes of pretty regular cheese, drizzled with honey, served with wheat thins, grapes, and apples) but tasty if you like cheese (and who doesn't?)All in all it was a great place to wait for a table, and I think it'd be really fun to spend more time here, exploring the cocktail menu and drinking in the atmosphere.  Definitely recommended!
5	This is one of the nicer lounges I've been to in Pittsburgh, and is non-smoking which is always a plus! I was also impressed with the quality of the mixed drinks which used ingredients such as fresh citrus squeezed right in front of me.
5	Why is it so quiet in here?  I mean, don't get me wrong, having a respite from the press of people at the Brillobox or the Cantina is appealing! but I'm surprised that more people don't stop in.  What's better than getting delicious local brews from East End Brewing Company, artfully mixed drinks, delicious organic bites, (and POUTINE), all while you have a choice of comfortable inside or outside seating and Billie Holiday plays?
4	This is a swanky little lounge on Butler street. Was that zebra print banquet seating in there...Personally the crowd is slightly older BUT if you're not looking for dive bar noise and shenanigans and want a nice sofisticated little evening out with your significant other its a nice place to go. So take your date out and impress.
5	Love this place.  The drinks are innovative, strong and filled to the top.  They also have a drink list, which I really appreciate.  My friend asked for something fruity and the bartender made a surprise which she loved.The owner was very nice and accommodating for us to do a guest bar tending spot for our organization.  I will certainly be back many times.
4	My friends and I had a blast at Eclipse lounge on Saturday night. We were looking for a new bar to try and never having gone out in Lawrenceville we decided Saturday was the perfect night to hit up a new spot. We decided to come to Eclipse based on the high Yelp ratings and the fact that right across is the street is The Round Corner Cantina (we wanted a back up bar in case this place sucked.) Fortunately for us there was no need to run across the street, we all loved Eclipse!The bar is pretty tiny so coming here with a HUGE group may not be the best idea. Downstairs by the bar there are 2 or 3 two person high tables and seating all along the back wall. The way it's set up seemed ideal for mostly couples. There is an upstairs lounge area where we spent our night. It's a cool room lined with couches and plenty of seating for about 20 people. The bar tenders were very friendly, very attentive, and made good strong drinks. We amassed a good sized collection of empty glasses and bottles so my friends helped the bartender carry them downstairs and she rewarded them with a free round of drinks. The only downside to this place is that the crowd tends to be a little older. My friends and I (all around 25) were the youngest people in the bar by a 10 years.
5	I would have never guessed this place would exist in Lawrenceville.  Looking from the outside it looks like it could have the possibility to be a dive bar.  It is absolutely not, it's a really cool little lounge.  I loved the vibe with twinkling lights, candles, dark colors and couches in the back.  The vibe made me think I needed a martini glass in my hand stat!  Good thing the cocktail list is extensive, oh, and a tad expensive I might add.  At $8-$10 a pop you're paying "lounge" prices.  I ordered the French Kiss which is SKYY raspberry vodka, pineapple juice, drop of chambord.  So it better be good for $8 right?  Oh it was good all right.  Good like I sucked down my first in like 5 seconds.  Good like I had another and another....you get the point!I feel like you can so easily screw a cocktail up so that it either tastes like all mixer and no liquor or all liquor and no mixer.  The bartender is skilled here obviously, because I couldn't get enough!  I also took a peak at their beer list and it seems pretty decent too.  So beer - check, cocktails - check, wine - check....You'll find me here every weekend now!I also inspected their daily specials and they offer:Tuesday- $5 Specialty Cocktails  all night!Wednesday- $2 off micro brews 9-11pmThursday- 2 glasses of wine & a cheese and fruit plate- $18  7-9 pmFriday-  (DJ- 10pm to 2am)    $5 specialty cocktails, 2 glasses of wine & a cheese and fruit plate for $18, $1.50 off drafts,  All 5-7pmSaturday-  (DJ- 10pm to 2am)  $1.50 off drafts 10pm-12am  Narcissi wine night!!  All Narcissi wines $6 a glass!I'm totally going to be back, this may even be my new fave spot for drinks!
4	We stopped by here after getting dinner at Cure.  It's not much to look at from the outside, but listen to your parent's advice on this, "Don't judge a book from it's cover".  This place is so cool inside.  It's somewhat narrow when you walk in as there's the bar on the left and then cocktail rounds on the right and all the way in the back is a room with some sofas.  But it works - at least it worked on the Friday night we went b/c it wasn't crazy crowded.I decided to try the Kev's Root Beer Barrel specialty drink.  If you like root beer that punches you in the face - you'll like this. I know I did!  It had a very distinct "root" taste and it was STRONG.  Strong enough that this was my only main drink that night.  I had some lighter "filler" beers, but no more specialty drinks after this powerhouse.  They had a DJ that night, but I wasn't a fan.  When we made requests (and we were the only ones that made requests) he never played them - boo.  It wasn't like there were a ton of people either in the establishment - shouldn't you play what the people want to hear!?!?!  I hate DJ's like that.  The bartender was really friendly, especially for being the only bartender for the night.  He didn't reveal that he was spread too thin - even though it was clear when you saw the peeps at the bar and him running from one end to another.  All my interactions with him were calm and pleasant.  It was a great time with fun friends and an awesome atmosphere.  The patrons seemed very eclectic which I enjoyed - I hate seeing cookie cutter molds of people over and over again at the same type of bars - you definitely won't get that here.
5	So much fun! I've been here loads of times! They always have new beer on tap, so good! The bartenders are amazing, friendly and interesting! Love Love LOve
4	This place is pretty much the definition of don't judge a book by its cover.  I've driven by here multiple times, and I expected this place to be some sort of dive Yinzer bar.  Totally surprised when I walked inside; it's definitely a lounge.  If they would do something with their entrance (e.g. get rid of the glass block) they would probably triple their business.The vibe in here is cool.  We stopped in at a weird time (post-happy hour, pre-drinking hours) so it was relatively quiet, but the music was cool & the bartenders were friendly.  They offered to make whatever we wanted, and you could tell they knew their stuff.  Being in more of a beer mood I perused the list; it's definitely not a beer bar, but they have a solid list of imports & micros.  We didn't eat here, but their menu is "upscale" bar snacks, and they tout it all being organic.  If you have drunken munchies, they're likely worth a try.  The only con, which is why I'd probably go 3.5 stars vs. 4, is that it's pretty pricey.  Drafts that should cost ~$5.50 were $7, and $4 bottles were in the $5/$5.50 range.  If they brought their prices down a bit, I think it'd be much more competitive.
4	Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, it was like finally finding the spot you've been wishing for. Saturday night 70's funk music, exceptional service, and delicious food. You have to try their gyro.
4	This is one of my new favorite bars. It is low-key and the staff is super friendly, plus they have great food! The cocktails are delicious, but if you order any of the martinis on the rocks - be warned - they are super strong! I can't wait to come back when the weather gets better and sit on their HUGE patio!
3	Eclipse has an interesting atmosphere, very dark with a glass block bar, and a occasionally a DJ. It also makes a good location for parties since it has an upstairs section that can accomodate about 30 people reserved for ~$250. Drinks are a bit hit or miss though, some bartenders are excellent, others don't know how to mix basic cocktails.
4	You know you're going to like a place when you ask the bartender if food is still being served, he looks at his watch, starts to shake his head 'no,' then says "Why not? Whatcha in the mood for?" After settling into the zebra-printed dining area of this classy hipster haven, both myself and my guest opted for the Turkey Burger Sliders. I had a [bartender's choice] Pinot Noir and he had a Yuengling. The wine was GOOD and the burgers...very good, huge and perfect.  These are not your average sliders. Each burger unto itself is probably what an average burger portion should actually look like. So, like any good American, I ate all three in no time.  My guest had his traditional-style; on a bun, with bbq sauce.  I opted for the wheat pita/hummus version and we both left happy and satisfied, with a slight buzz.  A nice Friday night all around and I can't wait to go back!
3	I went to eclipse with my friend for some beverages. It's non smoking the bar staff was friendly. The drinks were decently priced.  My biggest gripe is its down in THAT part of lville. Getting to and from without a car is a hassel. Other than something they can hardly control I liked this spot and would happily go back.
5	This was my second time back in Pittsburgh and we decided to head down to things lounge for a birthday. I was impressed and the drinks were fabulous. The lady bartender realy hooked us up with this vanilla vodka and grapefruit martini. The music was Caribbean and the DJ kept us dancing all night. The decor was modern with a romantic and sexy flare. Wasn't rapey dark like most lounges. Definitely a plus. If I visit Pitt again, this will be one of my stops.
5	Tops my cool crowd/good drinks/good location/fun atmosphere list.  It's somewhat of a lounge atmosphere.  If you are looking for a diverse crowd, a good vibe, and a decent cocktail come here.  **on a side note when I went to use the restroom I forgot to lock the door.  I noticed someone gently shutting the door (the person must've opened it while duty was callling me).  No loud entrance- I didn't even know someone tried coming in just the door quietly closing.  Whoever that was is on a good karma list.  :-)
3	Totally hipster, but the staff was soooo friendly and accommodated everyone, even our pregnant friend.  The place is super chill, but only draw back is, for the decor, beers are MAD expensive.  I expect that in bigger cities or swankier places, but $7.50 for an average beer is kinda much in Pittsburgh.  They're not even like that at Eleven.  The wine list isn't too bad, and I think if we were to go back again, we would stick with the wine.
4	I really like Eclipse.... It took a while before I went there, I guess bc the sign seems like somewhere not my scene. However, both times have been great. Good drinks, good food, cool mellow vibe.
1	Yelp- I trusted you!! What's with the review filtering practice that I've been seeing SO much in Pittsburgh? I could only imagine local vendors are buying to filter the honest 1 stars out. and please yelp, don't compromise the integrity of the review system by letting local vendors pay to inflate their rating scores. That said, this place makes the worst drink ever. It is literally the first time I couldn't finish a $10 cocktail. And to top that, the service was even worse. We watched one of the bartender pathetically hitting on a hot girl and the other bartender catering only to old people with no hair while completely ignoring our existence. We waited over half an hour with all the bartenders completely neglecting our existence, when they were not even that busy and we were sitting right there at the bar. it was borderline insulting, I would've left had I not desperately need a drink. And what do u know i regretted staying there for that drink. It made my college frat party drink look amazing in comparison. Srsly I make better drinks than this when I'm drunk. My friend got the tequila sunrise (something like that, with a longer name) and I got the michelle's candy. We both agreed it was the grossest drink we've ever had, it tasted like someone poured rubbing alcohol into watered down orange juice, or in my case, bad cough syrup.This is among the few one stars I've ever given, but srsly this place has literally no merits. Would give zero stars if I could.
4	Went here for a cocktail event and met up with some friends. The cocktails where each hand crafted carefully and were delicious.  I really appreciated the fresh squeezed citrus and the use of fresh herbs.The outdoor area was also very nice, but I did find it a bit cramped (as are most things in this neighborhood).I would definitely return!
5	The most amazing service I have ever experienced to the level of actually writingA review. The bartender tony was so on point!!! AMAZINGLY  fantastic !
4	this place is cool inside. there is a zebra print couch. the main bartender (manager?) likes mixing up random drinks which is nice for those people who  have a tendency to ask for simply "something fruity" (aka: me). the food isnt bad either.
5	A couple of years ago, Eclipse became a go-to happy hour place for me and my girlfriends, and we're never disappointed. The menu is fairly small, but the food is always good. The atmosphere is eclectic and friendly, and the bartenders are always willing to chat and offer a recommendation if you need one. The cocktails are superb, no matter what you like to drink; these guys are mix masters. During our most recent ladies' night, I happened to be pregnant, and even the mocktails are complex and delicious! There's always some good music -- live or otherwise -- inside, and a really nice deck space out back for warm nights. Definitely recommend!
5	The only place in Laurenceville that has managed to not be over run by hipsters. The bartenders are attentive & knowledgable. They actually make the drinks with more than a half a splash of alcohol
3	Not very lively at 5pm.The drinks were good, the atmosphere was a bit dingy (especially the weird glass windows outside). I think this place is more of a night time soiree.  The drinks were strong and were moderately priced (I don't think I would come here again though...). The drinks just weren't enticing enough to keep me coming back for more.
4	Such a cute little lounge to start off with drinks and appetizers on a Saturday night!  Nice atmosphere, fun music, good drinks.  Had the spinach and cheese dip with pita instead of crackers.  So simple and so good - literally licking the plate.  Good service and it wasn't too crowded when we were there.  Excited we decided to go here, we will be back!!
