4	Two things I love about Sprouts: The deli sandwiches and their tropical island fruit mix.The deli here is just awesome.  Sandwiches are big, cheap, and packed with delicious.  When I worked in the area, I would grab lunch here at least twice a week.  Which brings me to my next, star-dropping point...Every so often, they'd inexplicably screw up my sandwich order.  I don't know how it happens.  For the uneducated, Sprouts has a seemingly efficient ordering system.  Every ingredient is listed on a piece of paper and you indicate what you would like.  If something doesn't have a check mark next to it, it doesn't get put onto the sandwich.  So why do you put mustard on my turkey masterpiece just often enough to notice?  I don't know how I could possibly make your job any easier than it already should be.Aside from sandwiches, their tropical island fruit mix is the best of any grocery chain.  If you're into dried fruit, it comes highly recommended.
4	I shop at different grocery stores for different things and I love shopping at this Sprouts for a few reasons.  First, it's rarely crowded.  Second, I love their bulk containers of dried fruits, trail mix, nuts, grains etc.  I'm only one person and I like the idea I can buy as little (or as much) of something that I need.  I hate having to buy a big box of something and then end up wasting it because it goes bad/stale before I need it again.  The third thing I love about Sprouts is their grass fed beef and when it's on sale, it's not expensive at all!  The last thing I buy here always is their sliced lunch meats, ham and turkey off the bone that are a hundred times better than the deli meats at other stores, and for the same or only a little more money.  They also have great bakery items, I love their onion pocket rolls for sandwiches.  Always fresh.
4	Sprouts is great, they have a wonderful selection of fruits and veggies and their sausage is made in house and really wonderful on the grill!  The grab and go meals are perfect for a quick dinner and the sandwiches and soups are spot on for lunch.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
3	As often as I go to Sprouts, I usually don't find much to buy and certainly it's not a one-stop grocery store for me. To start with, the packaged food that lines the aisles is generally pricier than a standard grocery store, but lower quality than a gourmet or specialty one. And their selection at Sprouts is much more limited than those other kinds of stores. The produce, likewise, does not impress me. The selection is pretty minimal and, again, this place just isn't the best in terms of price or quality. I'd much prefer to go to Sunflower for fruits and veggies.On the other hand, their deli is fantastic. They have meats and cheeses, of course, but where they really excel is with their homemade stuff. Things like tzatziki, hummus, tuna salad, crab cakes, sandwiches, or pasta dishes are well worth getting. Many items are of restaurant quality but for grocery store prices. The bulk section is also pretty amazing. They've got plenty of nuts, trail mixes, salty snacks, cereals, chocolates, grains, and flours to satisfy even the most adventurous or health-conscious foodie and while still appealing to those just looking for staples or treats. (Though, I must admit that my enthusiasm for the bulk section has waned a bit since they stopped carrying the Cajun Devil Nuts.)So basically, I like to come here for treats, either from the deli or in bulk, but for most of the main staples of my diet, I have to go elsewhere.
4	I work near this Sprouts, and stop in to grab lunch items about twice a week, on average. Like other reviewers have noted, the deli is outstanding, and if you can't wait for a made-to-order sandwich, they have plenty of wrapped deli items ready to go in the cold case. They usually have great sale prices on drinks, too, so you can do pretty well getting sandwich, chips and a drink for around $5-$6 - if you're not in a Subway mood, or want to skip long lines or sit-down lunches (they do have several tables, though, if you want it "for here"). Their staff is always courteous and helpful, as well. Thanks, Sprouts!
5	The produce is fresh, they have the best selection of lean meat, and the store is always clean & stocked.
5	Good place for fresh produce
4	Grabbed a roast beef and cheddar sandwich for $2.99.  Pretty good and a true value for that price.
4	I love Sprouts because I feel like...if they sell it, I can't feel guilty eating it. Local produce, organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements. On this particular trip, I picked up some 100% organic grassfed ground beef! It was also thanks to Sprouts that I discovered the lovely and versatile quinoa!
4	Overall, kinda pricey, but I love this place! Sprouts has everything, which is convenient because it only takes one trip to get all my wanted purchases. I highly recommend their sandwiches. For only $3, you get to choose your bread, meat, cheese, and other condiments. It is also quite large, especially for the price! I was only able to eat half for my lunch today.
3	I love to grocery shop...in a serious way. I find it so fulfilling to fill my cart with great food that I will bring home and turn into something even more amazing.When we moved to a neighborhood with a Sprouts up the street, I was excited. I loved the sprouts in PV when we lived here 5 years ago so this was going to be awesome.First, customer service has little to be desired. Everyone is too busy with their tasks to even ask if you need assistance. Not that I do, but I don't want to feel like I am bothering you if I have a question.Good prices on some produce. The .49/lb sale on apples was great. I however have only bought 3 rotten onions in my life, and two were from this Sprouts. The meat dept also has decent prices sometimes. Service is quick and friendly.Honestly though, I was surprised by some prices. I'll be sticking with Whole Foods since they have better prices on just about everything in the dry grocery and dairy departments, and I don't have to read the labels.Bummer...
5	Love Sprouts! I enjoy the free cup of coffee and their deli. Their workers are always helpful and kind.
4	Changing my 3 starts to 4.The produce quality has been pretty good lately. I was excited for the strawberry sale this last week (4 for $5) and although the strawberries could have been more ripe, this wasn't the fault of sprouts.The meat dept always has good prices. You can find "manager's special" sausage in the pre-pack case for $1.99/lb. Needless to say, I trust the meat here, so that in itself is is worthy of 5 stars...but this isn't just a butcher shop.GREAT prices on beer if you buy what's on sale. San Tan 6-packs for $6.99?! YES!!! In the last 4 or 5 weeks, it's been this price twice.
5	They have great produce at this location.  They carry vegetables that most stores don't have.
5	I love this Sprouts! Great customer service, great products. They always have good deals on fruit/vegetables even the organic selections. My wife lives the fish at the butcher, and the sandwiches at the deli. Also I can do all my vegan shopping at one store, and I can always get a deal on vegan/vegetarian products and if not on sale are still cheaper than other stores!
5	My favorite grocery in the area. Staff is friendly; and they always have great deals. You can get sandwiches made to order too, which a lot of people don't realize!
1	I love Sprouts and I shop there a few times every week to buy vitamins or produce. But this location fails miserably when it comes to the Health and Beauty department. Every single time I plan to buy herbal supplements or a particular refrigerated probiotic, the shelf is empty. Sometimes there is a department employee to ask and they usually apologize and tell me that the product(s) are due to arrive on a whatever day. If I return on that day, it is unlikely that the product has arrived. By that time, I'm out of whatever it is that I'm looking for so the employee calls the closest store to check on their stock (the Tempe location, in my case) and that store always has the product. The Tempe location puts the product on hold for me but I have to make another trip to get it. From now on, if I want to buy anything from Sprouts, I'm traveling the extra miles to the Tempe store because it always has what I need. No wonder that the Tempe store seems to be much busier that this Mesa location. Whoever orders for Health and Beauty sucks and should be fired.  The one star is given because I couldn't post this review w/o awarding at least one star. I'm disgusted with Health and Beauty so I give the star to produce.
5	Our experience at sprouts was one of the most memorable because of Dan the butcher he not only provided us with A great smile and personality he went above and beyond customer service when we asked for a product he came out behind the butcher line and then took the time to make sure we found the product we wanted and had the information we needed to make the best dinner ever thank you Dan the butcher!!!  I will be coming back just because of him!!
4	Enjoy the store and the prices. Always helpful employees and shoppers :) wish they sold beef bones for broth though
5	Good ol neighborhood Sprouts. Clean, friendly staff, and a variety of items. Haven't had a bad experience here so only good things to say and 5 stars all the way.
