4	Lee Spa Nails is a great place to get manicure, pedicure brow wax.  It is actually very good place to relax if it is not crowded.  The technicians are good.  I can trust the technicians not to botch the brow wax and cut too thin!!  It helps to maintain a "natural " look without looking as if I just got a brow wax.  You know folks notice....and ask questions...some wonder how they stay so neat.  Well...I can thank the ladies at Lee Spa Nails.
5	It is fantastic to have a nail tech that is committed to providing great service!!! After months and months of trying different techs in different locations... Lee Spa Nails provides the best.
5	Had a groupon for the shellac manicure and my nails look amazing! Will definitely be back. She was fast and if I hadn't been strained for time I would have gotten a pedicure too.
5	Just wanted to update from my previous review! Helen is awesome. I highly recommend you ask for her. she will take care of you and make your nails look beautiful!
1	This was not the best experience. My friend and I purchased a groupon for lee nail salon and will not be returning after our experience. Not only did they do a poor job, but then proceeded to charge me for taking off my old nail polish without telling me until I went to pay. They were not helpful about this and quite rude. The nail filing is completely uneven and the polish was put on quickly and carelessly. Just an overall bad experience and I don't recommend this particular salon.
1	I went here because I bought a groupon. The service is horrible! The lady who was doing my nails didn't speak to my at all. She was on her phone the whole time. She did a horrible job. My gel polish which usually lasts 2 weeks started peeling within 5 days. Do not go here!
1	Had groupon for shellac manicure and it was awful! It started peeling after less than a week and chipped within the first day for no reason since I don't do much with my nails or hands. Service was also terrible. It was a rainy day and they were empty but they still rushed me and did a sloppy job. Do not go here!
1	Had a coupon which was nice, but even if they did my nail for free, I would not take them up on the offer. They were rude and did an awful job. Would not recommend and will not be back.
2	I just spent a few minutes wiping away the polish under my nails after getting my nails done  This place is just below average. My nail technician was not too friendly. After saying I wanted a polish change, she asked if I wanted a pedicure. Ummm, no thanks. Then while doing my nails, she asked if I wanted my eyebrows done. Ummm, no thanks. Guess that's par for the course. Overall, this place wasn't great. Nothing great, nothing too bad. Just a little sloppy.
1	Don't waste your money.  I've had several manicures/pedicures in my lifetime, and the service here was surely the worst. They were rude.  Jenny HURT my foot when she was shaving off the calluses because SHE WAS LOOKING THE OTHER WAY.  Not even paying attention to what she was doing.  That happened twice.  I usually do my gel nails at home, but thought I'd give myself a treat by going here.  Wrong.  I could have done better than Lien.  My fingernails were filed crooked, as were one of my toenails -- if I hadn't noticed and had Jenny straighten it out.  Very unhappy with the service here.  Groupon or not, I will NOT go back.
