5	I went here after my over-the-counter regime stopped working and my breakouts wouldn't go away. I went to Dr. Swartz, who was SO nice and very helpful. The wait was a bit long, but it was worth it...I can see why she is so busy! She just looked at my face, asked me some questions, opened her cabinet, and told me what to do. So far, it seems to be working well, she appears to have known what she was talking about. I was recommended this place by a friend and I gladly recommend this place to everyone else!
1	With a major history of skin cancer in my family I have always gone for yearly check ups.  Not only did Dr. Snyder brush me aside, but when I called back to schedule a SECOND appointment for the SAME issue they told me my $50 copay would have to be paid AGAIN even though the issue should have been taken care of the first time.  I am very disappointed in their customer service and will be bringing my $50.00 copay elsewhere.
1	Stay away from this practice (Mecklenburg Dermatology Associates) unless you like paying exorbitant fees for very poor service.  Actually I struggled with using "poor" or "no" in describing the level of service I experienced during my first visit to this Dr. Christopher Snyder. The purpose of my visit was an annual Dermatology check-up. I would be surprised if the time the Dr. was in the room with me exceeded 7 minutes. He asked no questions about my history...simply looked at the exposed skin, took out his little freeze tool and froze 2 spots on my head and said "have a good day" as he left the room.  No discussion about "wear a hat" "stay out of the sun", "Is there a history of cancer in your family?". Also going to be very hard to see that cancerous mole on my thigh if you fail to look under my 10" inseam shorts. Bad enough...now for the bill a whopping $490.00 for this 7 minute visit. The breakdown...$290.00 for "New Patient Det" (what ever that is...) $231.00 for the freezes.
1	I strongly suggest NOT going to this practice.I had a terrible experience with Mecklenburg Dermatology. The office staff is incredibly rude and inappropriate. The PA was nice and seemed to know what she was doing, but it is not worth having to tolerate rude and dismissive desk staff. It is unacceptable for the front desk people to be rude and talking about patients. I stood at the desk to sign in, and while I was being ignored for several minutes, I listened to them talk about the previous patient and the procedures that she had been in for. None of my business and totally unacceptable with HIPA guidelines.
