5	VIP Golf handled our logistics for our 1st day's golf as well as transport to and from on Day 1 and also on Day 2 to Cascata where we had already pre-booked through our hotel. A: Top flight golf course for our 1st day Thursday, we already had our Friday & Saturday courses booked. He recommended a semi private club Dragon Ridge CC as our first round.B: Transportation to and from the Golf Course on Thursday as well as Friday. 8 Guys with Golf bags and Paul suggested a 13 Passenger Cadillac Stretch Escalade that would handle our transport.Transport pick up as advertised 9:30AM Scheduled pick up Carlitos our driver was early.  Stretch very accommodating and off we went to Dragon Ridge CC (see separate yelp review)  Great course nice facility.  Pick up on time also no issues.2nd Day Carlitos was back to take us to Cascata (See separate yelp review) and our pick up was also without incident.Each member of my group was able to give their own credit cards to the company and charge was broken up equally amongst our 8 guys. We were billed approximately 48 hours before our scheduled tee time and there were no issues whatsoever.Legitimate company that I'd recommend. Already spoke to them regarding Golf & Transport in October to get some ideas for our next set of courses.
1	Called today to book a certificate for my folks and was treated very poorly by the owner or possibly sales person. When I politely asked what sort of deals they had he was condescending and even raised his voice. Very silly. I booked straight through the Siena Golf Course directly instead- they were pleasant, clear and treated me like a valued customer. Will not be using or recommending VIP golf.
1	I just called (1/16) and enquired about getting some clubs on the Monday after Superbowl and the genleman I talked to was treating me like I was an annoying coupon wielding mongrel. I told him about my plans and that I would like to get any set of clubs that had a 1" extention and he rambled on about something and stated that he did not have anything available for that day....and was silent. It was awkward, did not know whether he had any other options so I just sat on the line. I think they do bookings too which is weird because I made it clear that I needed to book my times at Bali Hai and he said nothing about it, clearly did not want to service me. Ironic they are called VIP Golf Services because he made it clear I was very unimportant. Bradley
5	I am not sure how people can rate someone a "1 star" when they didn't even use the service.  I recently booked a golf outing with them and I had such amazing service.First, I am a new golfer and was planning to go to a different course.  They were willing to book the course I chose, but they also made suggestions for me.  Their choice was PERFECT!!!  My friend and I also rented clubs from them.  When I got to the hotel, my clubs were waiting for me.  I golfed at Rhodes Ranch - which was beautiful.  It came with free lunch and 2 drinks, which we took To-Go.  We were able to finish in the recommended time and we had the best time!!I definitely will be using them again for future golf outings.  Notice that the people who actually used them gave them 5 stars!!!
