4	This place is a trip!  First, both the food and service are pretty good and I would certainly go back based on the menu and service alone; however the crowd is great!  Nowhere else in Ballantyne can you find 20 and 40+ year old women trying so hard to be 30, and it's obvious why.  The sheer amount of Gotti-wannabe's doing Jager-bombs is enough to get any desperate housewife excited.Check it out- it's worth it.
4	Good food - good apps (we mainly drop in for drinks and apps). Wife says: Ask for the bartender's signature "Queen" martini. The "kalamari" aoli is really good. I like the Moroccan Mini Lamb burgers (sliders). Have sampled their pizza and sushi too which as also good. On tap now is a beer from Raleigh (forget name) - a satisfying and hi-content wheat beer.
5	First time to this place.  Cos we were following the salsa dancing instructors Wendy and Rodringo on Tuesday night at 10:00pm and did not want to miss the free class there.  Like the atmosphere of the bar. Sound system for the music is good but just when the instructor was teaching, it was hard to hear if you are at the back.The floor is very good for dancing, you can also ski on it. Price for the drink was acceptable. My mimosa was $5.- OK.  Close to those on airplane.  They use mini champagne which is good. Refreshing to me.  Don't know about wine or whisky or beer.  We had great time.  Lots of bystanders at the bar such as single guys.  If you like to dance, good place.
4	We went there again and again.  Tonight, we went there to dance again.  After a drink, when I asked for a glass of water in a plastic cup to go, the lady bar tender said, a glass of water is $1.-  I said,"it was fine, please put in a plastic cup.  we are leaving.  She said they did not have plastic cup.  I was in a hurry and could not wait to bargain, we left.
2	Located in a shopping centre, Cosmos has a lively interior and loud music thumping after 9:30 pm, presumably to attract the older meet market that flocks here. The food was average to moderately good. We ordered the California dip - a spinach avocado dip with parmesan on top  and pita served on the side. The spinach tasted like it was straight out of a can, but otherwise the dip was serviceable and we gobbled it up due to sheer hunger. I had the fried goat cheese salad. Delicious croquette of fried cheese - how can you go wrong? sitting atop a well dressed salad with pistachios sprinkled on it as well.Fellow guest had the lamb burgers. Spiced well, but overcooked with dry-ish buns. Accompanying fries tasted again like they were straight out of the freezer.Big stumble of the night - we ordered molten lava cake, which somehow did not get made in the kitchen. The waiter disappeared for 25 mins while we waited, and we ended up having to hunt him down. He was apologetic, but nonetheless the experience was mostly ruined. He disappeared once again while we waited for the check. Final recommendation - come here just for drinks and dancing, and perhaps some tapas at the bar where the bartenders are attentively serving the patrons.
1	Forced into this place by my wife, way too crowded for my liking. Families were running out to escape the music, and drunken crowd. This place magically turns into a busy night club after dark. Too loud, service was terrible, and the food was worse.
4	A nice alternative for a place to go in Ballantyne and hear dance music. Love the Peach-tini. Really friendly bartenders.  Apps are always good and sushi is pretty decent too.
4	Charlotte has a hit or miss club/bar scene.  Some of the places try to be better than they are and other places are awesome, but woefully under attended.  Comsos is an odd mix located deep in the Ballantyne area.First off, there's a wide range of age groups who attend this joint from barely employed hipsters to silver haired money men.  Second, is the hybrid nature of the place, restaurant/bar by day and club by night.  Third are the NYC caliber DJ & bartenders stuck in a southern style city.  You wouldn't think this mash-up works, but somehow it all pulls together at the last moment.DJ Spencer (semi-retired) is one of the best mixers I've seen in the CLT area, Stefan is THE MAN to know behind the bar (that bastard has been getting me hammered for of over 5 years now), and the security is on point taking out drunk fucks in 30 seconds or less.  This is one place I'd hit regularly on a Saturday night.If you're looking for a hot spot without the hassle of uptown you definitely need to hit Comsos.
1	Went his past sat night and they have changed their menu.  There wasn't much that interested me and what we got was WRONG.  The crostini I got was burned black on one side and soggy on the other.  I'd suggest they go back to their old menu where there was more then 5 apps to choose from and work on their food quality.  Doubt I"ll ever order food here again.  They should be ashamed.
1	I definitely love this place! The food is consistently good (especially the soups) and the service is typically good. My only not awesome remark would be in communications: You guys have great specials (Especially $5 martini night on Wednesdays), but you need to get the word out! Use Facebook, twitter, email, whatever....but get the word out!UPDATE:OK, this place has definitely gone downhill. It used to be very "mature people (30's, 40's, 50's)" friendly, and that is certainly not the case anymore. It has become just another nightclub that caters to the 20-somethings. I am not sure that I would call it ghetto (like a previous poster) at this point, but that is not too far off.
3	This restaurant brings to mind the debate: which is more important, great food or great service?? If the answer is the former, then this restaurant deserves 4 starts, if the answer is the latter then it deserves 1 star.We went here for a Father's Day brunch - had been here before for dinner but wanted something more family-friendly. It took a while for us to get seated because we wanted an outdoor table. We ended up getting placed at the far end of the patio, not a big deal (or so we thought). After this it got interesting. . .we had no silverware, no menu's and no drinks. A waitress came and said she'd be right with us. . .and never returned. After waiting about 10 minutes, we decided to just get in line inside thinking a waitress would eventually come out. Great buffet - stellar options and great variety, including an excellent egg dish, shrimp and grits, and prime rib. Very nice salad options and a fun dessert table. We got back to the table, still no waitress. . .at this point we started eating and were getting thirsty. Another waitress came by, made eye contact and then walked away. I was getting seriously frustrated because other tables were getting served so I stood up and walked over to the waiting station. I figured I'd just grab coffee and water on my own. A waiter there asked me what the problem was and said he'd take care of it. . .ten more minutes pass. At this point my three children were literally panting with thirst and I was starting to give up hope. A fourth waitress came around and I basically just asked for the manager. After another 5 minutes (at this point we'd gone up twice for food, grabbed random place settings from the waiting station and still didn't even have water) the manager came and asked how everything was. Long story short I "shared" my experience. I give him a lot of credit because he listened and wasn't defensive in the least. While he was there waiter #3 did finally arrive with our coffee and orange juice. . .50 minutes after we were seated.The manager explained that they had dramatically underestimated the crowds to expect that day and that the restaurant was straining under the load. I shared with him that the food was very good but that the service really detracted from the overall experience. Again, he was very good about taking the feedback.At the end of our meal we didn't receive a check for a loooonnnnggg time and just as I was thinking "not again" the manager came by and explained that the entire meal was complementary due to the experience we had. Very gracious gesture and we certainly left on a positive note.So, which is more important - the food or the service? Not exactly sure but I know when either is off!!
2	Went here for a friend's birthday.  Didn't order food because by the time we got there, they were on to the abbreviated late night menu.  Ordered several drinks, even one of the $10 martinis, and they were weak!  The service was shoddy (took 10 minutes for my server to get my credit card back to me) but the atmosphere was interesting.  People from all walks of life were there having fun.  I wouldn't go back unless I was tipsy beforehand!
3	This 3 star would be a 4 star, but our service was terrible.  Yes we had a large group, but the server rarely came by and when she did acted like it was a problem to get anything.  I threw a surprise birthday party here and they catered to that well, except when people were ordering the one server skipped over every other person to take orders.  So some people had food while others didn't.  One person got their meal after everyone else was finished.  That being said I ordered the sushi and it was pretty good.  No one else complained about the food.  Just the service.   This was a birthday party so, I was amazed at how it transformed from restaurant to dance club.  The lights came on and the music got louder and louder.  But that made it fun.  It was what we were looking for.  Uptown feel in Ballantyne.  $10 Cover after a certain point in the night, but were there early enough not to pay.  My final thought is about the crowd.  Wow.  Pretty diverse.  Cougars, guidos, hipsters, some college age, and the guy who should not be dancing but is.  Like I said fun atmosphere that completely changes at night, but work on hiring friendly staff!
4	I have eaten at the Cosmos uptown, but only have stopped in for beverages at  this location. The bar here is large, well appointed, and the bartenders are friendly. I like the layout and decor.   If you stop in right after work, it is not too crowded. However, later in the evening it is certainly more happening.
2	I might have given this place 3 stars but I don't really feel it is worth it. I'm in town visiting and wanted somewhere that served brunch. So I tried Yelp. This seemed the closest place that had a full bar. They also offered a brunch buffet for $12, which didn't seem too bad. I didn't really see any reviews that mentioned brunch, which I guess in hind sight, should have been a red flag. But I digress. We arrived and our server Kenny was pretty prompt in coming to our table. Then again, they had just opened and there was only one other table of guests in the restaurant. Most of the staff just seemed to be standing around. Kenny didn't offer any information in regards to the buffet vs menu ordering when he came to our table to take our drink order. I ordered a bloody mary. He stated, "Sorry, not until after 12". Obviously if I ordered one, I'm not local and rather than explain the reason to me, he kind of just brushed it off and looked at me until I ordered something else. When I inquired about the buffet rules he stated, "Kids are 3.50 but they get the same, everything that's up there". That seems like a HUGE price difference. I understand kids generally eat less, but I've seen kids eat more and I paying more than triple the price for mine. Moving on... I had brought my nephew with us and he ordered hot chocolate. Rather than the server telling us they were out of hot chocolate, he improvised and brought something out. What he brought out was warm chocolate milk. The 8 year old I was with knew that wasn't hot chocolate, and stated such. The server still proceeded to charge me for it, rather than be courteous. I'm not looking for a hand out, but when you improvise with something that I didn't ask for, without telling me first, is a little irritating. When we went up to get our food everything looked good. Not great, but good. There wasn't a lot of variety. Scrambled eggs, home fries, an egg scramble that had home fries and vegetables, some grits, bacon, sausage, some tiny pieces of french toast and one or two other items. When I got back to the table, none of the food was hot. None of it. The eggs, were warm. The french toast was almost cold. The bacon was cold and the syrup wasn't even warmed up to make the french toast hotter. It was all very mediocre. Not the typed of condition I would expect the buffet to be, 20 minutes after the place opened. As we were finishing our first plate, our server brought us our check. He asked us once during the 24 minutes (yes, we knew exactly what time we sat down), if we need anything. But as we were still in the middle of our meal, we didn't. He brought the check to us without asking if there was anything else he could get for the table, or even offering to refill our drinks. My bf had to ask for a refill on his coffee and it wasn't until then that I was offered a refill my tea, that had been empty for some time. Brought check after we barely finished our first plate. Didn't bother to ask if we needed anything. This experience overall, was mediocre, and that is being generous. I would absolutely never come here for brunch again and I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
1	Just an all around bad experience at Cosmos. The service was painfully slow, everyone just didn't seem to care that we were hungry and thirsty. Unfortunately when the food finally arrived it was terrible. With so many other choices for food & drink in South Charlotte I can guarantee I won't waste another dime at Cosmos!
4	The atmosphere is fun and friendly and the martini selection is wonderful! I will soooo be going back!!
1	I had 8:30 PM reservations for New Years Eve and of course they required a credit card to secure the reservation. We arrived at 8:00 PM and were told that we had the next table. After 2 and 1/2 hours at 10:30 I was told that we may not get to eat. There were at least 50 other people left standing at the door that night. They acted as if they didn't care that they had ruined everyone's New Years Eve. It was pure greed that they simply over-booked so that they could be assured a full house. Never again!!!!
1	Went to this Cosmo's to celebrate a friends birthday. Food was sub par.  Either too salty or too bland.  Not much in the way of drink selections if you don't want a martini.  Service was very disappointing.  We were there before the late night crowd, but barely saw our waiter.  When the tables beside us filled with grey haired courgars our waiter reappeared and waited on them hand and foot???  Crowd is a weird mix of college students, suburb thugs ( guys trying to look and sound like Eminem or 50 cent..and  anyone can tell its an act and they are soft as kittens lol), cougars, and white haired suga daddies( some dressed like Eminem but you know they are someones granddad or great grandad).  I'll pass.
1	This was (and will be) my only visit to this local establishment. Invited there for a friend's birthday party and it was not conducive to discussions without raising my voice above the steady vibrations of a huge audio speaker right near the table. THe table was on a raised platform next to another large party of about 30 people.  there were no other large tables to accomodate us. The food was expensive but not worth it. One young lady was the lone waitress for us and the other party (and several other tables it seems)  and she was running back and forth constantly. It is a large place and if I didn't know better it's strictly a sports/party bar that also serves food. What with so many restaurants competing in the S Charlotte/Ballantyne area for the same customers, you have to experience a place and then decide.  I've decided. Thanks.
4	Nice place to hangout Tuesday night salsa night cheap beer nice people. Friday and saturday are also good to hangout and dance club music
4	Just got back from Cosmos for dinner, all I can say is that $12 for 10 oz. prime rib special with bake potato and mix vegetables, you can't beat that! I definitely will go back for another round of good prime rib before this promotion ends!
4	After finding out Hawthorne's next door had a 30 minute wait on a Friday night, my girlfriend and I popped over to Cosmos.  Oddly enough, we got right in.  There were maybe eight people at the bar and a few tables throughout the restaurant at 6:30 p.m.  Our hostess seated us at a high-top table in the bar and asked if we wanted a server.  Ummm, as opposed to me walking over to the bar every time I want something?  Odd.  Bottles of wine were half off and appetizers were buy one get one, so we got a bottle of wine and split the Spanikopata and braised beef empanadas.  Both were warm, flaky and delicious!  Cosmos has always had seemed to me like it's having an identity crisis.  It has inventive, delicious food and wine, and a classy, intimate atmosphere for a business lunch or dinner with friends.  However, at night, it oddly turns into a meat market with cougars and woo girls.  I much prefer the first Cosmos.
3	My group of 12 came here for brunch after church. I enjoyed the breakfast bar and had a three star all loaded up in my mind.There was a nice assortment of breakfast foods and desserts, not to mention deviled eggs. I love them, especially a finger food out of my own fridge for breakfast.I wish the catsup was in the form of a bottle for me to douse my eggs with, and that's my only complaint.Good service and Sunday atmosphere. I just maybe will not visit the evening scene here as is mentioned in the other reviews.
3	Only been here a couple of times, mostly during Saturday nights.  Most recently ventured out here because one of my co-workers who is recently separated and 55 y/o wanted to get out and my friend and I could think of no better place in the area for him than Cosmos on a Saturday night.The place seems to be packed out on Saturday nights pretty regularly although I've not frequented this place very often, but the times I have it's always pretty full.  The service around the place was pretty darn good considering the density of the crowd.  The wait staff didn't leave us lingering all together too long.The music is pretty much top 40 and some classics nothing too new age or out of the norm.  The crowds range from late 20's to late 50's it appeared to me.
1	First time. Staff is nice. Typical bar and typical Charlotte food aka crap. But if you were born in the south you may like it. North people stay away
5	I LOVED it! My food was great they also had a great deal 5-7pm buy one get one free appetizer the sushi was delicious! I got the steak It was cooked just the way I asked! The crab cakes were great too like I said loved this place and my waiter was awesome, a really great experience I can't wait to go back!
5	Excellent place no matter what time you go. Food is very good and staff is amazing!!
3	I wish I could have given Cosmos @ Rea Rd a higher rating. I use to love the original on College street. I did not realize this place got rockin until 10pm on Saturdays. This would explain why my hubby and I were seated immediately around 8. Hey we did not complain. Our server, Kaitlyn? was FAB. Very attentive and she delivered a very tasty Extra Dirty Vodka Martini. Cheers to the Bartender! The atmosphere was groovy and the clientele were ALL women, except for my husband of course. It took me a minute to figure out what was going on. Once the staff started moving tables the light bulb clicked on. Apparently I am getting a little slow in my later years. The food, sigh, was not great. We ordered the Chicken Souvlaki, Lamb Sliders, a Spicy Tuna roll and the Grilled Octopus. The chicken was boring, the Lamb Sliders were very dry and the tuna was almost non existent BUT the Grilled Octopus was so delicious and tender, I could have munched on it all night. Who knew the octopus would be the star of the evening? Looks like this is my go to place when craving the eight legged creature.As we were leaving the men started rolling in getting ready for the hunt. Play nice men, there are plenty of females to go around in there!
3	Love their Tapa's bogo special (chix skewers, yum) and enjoy eating outside on their patio is great!  Service is good and staff is personable.
5	I love the weekend brunch buffet they have.  It's around $12 for the buffet and the menu includes an ample amount of breakfast items as well as lunch items, salads and desserts.  The menu changes weekly so you feel that you're traveling the world!  The staff is very friendly and helpful and of course the atmosphere is top notch!
3	Is it fair to review on the bar only!? What the hell...why not!?!Some friends and I stopped in on a Saturday evening. It wasn't that late when we arrived but they had already cleared away most of the tables and had a DJ spinning on the ones and twos (wait...did I even say that right?!?). Anyhoo, the bar was stocked well and all the bartenders were friendly and heavy handed. That's always much appreciated. They had some drink and shot specials too! So if you're curious just make sure to ask before you order! So why just three stars....because place can get packed quick and parking is atrocious. Be prepared to drive around and around to find a spot or park in the shopping center across the street and walk over. Better yet, if you are coming with a group....definitely car pool! But I've got to get back here to try the food! I've heard good things about their brunch so I may start with that!
1	I would NOT recommend this restaurant.  Uninteresting menu, overpriced tapas, and the atmosphere was strange.  It was a weekend night and there were few people in the restaurant.  The large size of the restaurant made the lack of people very noticeable.  The server was a very nice younger man and he did a great job, in spite of the mediocre food and weird atmosphere.
1	On a Saturday when every other restaurant is packed in Charlotte, they are barely half-full. So decided to give them a try. We used to frequent the uptown location many years back. Once seated, we find they only have a Valentine's weekend Menu. It hasn't happened to us in a while, but we decided to pass on a rather lame menu and leave. The staff was pleasant and told us to come back when their regular menu is available. I guess Charlotte restaurant business isn't quite evolving much.
1	Terrible bar service!! The place was trashed, and they charged my card 3 times not once. I had overdraft fees they refused to pay, and never apologized. Bar manager said she didnt even close out my tab but gave it to another worker. Thats the only explanation i got. I will never visit again. Horrible service, and worse ownership.
4	I've been here a few times and they get four stars from me because of their half off martinis and appetizer specials during the week. That part is awesome. Food is good,  service is always good and I like the atmosphere alot. Definitely a great after work spot.
