5	The staff at this location was great and communicated well when I had questions!  The units and grounds were well maintained.  You need to enter a coed to enter the storage areas when you enter and when you exit.  Each unit has their own code so they know who has entered the property.  They have 6 swamp cooler units on the building to keep the place cool.  For the most part they did the job up until the temps were over 106 or more.  then it can get a little toasty.
2	The staff is ok, the prices a bit much, especially since the 'air-cooled units' felt like they were cooled with 114 degree desert air. It had to be 95 in the building. Way too hot to advertise as air cooled.We had a 10x10 unit upstairs. It came out to around $80 a month. No contracts, which is nice, but pricey for us.The property was gated and looked to be secure. I love the bottle of beer sitting on the windowsill of the night guard shack. Priceless!Oh, they ONLY have 2 carts, so if you're not the only person on property chances are you'll be humping all of grannies old records up the stairs by yourself. I asked the manager if they could arrange to build or buy a few more flatbed handtrucks. "We already have 2" she said, looking at me as if I had asked her to join me in my unit alone so I could show her my collection of pickled shits and polished turds. "Ok," I continued, embarrassed of my folly, "But you do realize that most parties will grab both of them if available and us singles have to wait until they are finished. And some knucklehead likes to hide one behind the northwest staircase and use it as his personal roller..." I trailed off, noting her skepticism, and decided to return to my storing. I turned around just before I left, and thought about telling her that the heat in the unit did not agree with my 'prize winning collection of excrement'... But she was busy ignoring me.Also the gate has certain hours so if you hold later hours like me, and want to run by after work, you won't be able to get in.
5	This place is very spacious and the price is very reasonable. I like this storage place, because it's nearby and has easy access whenever I need it.
