4	Lava is a pretty cool gift shop, selling everything from Superman lunchboxes to Marie Antoinette action figures. It's the kind of gift shop where you can get something a bit kitschy, cool or funny for a loved one, and is definitely leaning towards the cool variety of gadgets as opposed to anything twee. There are a lot of gimmick orientated gizmo's in here, from zombie posters to ironic retro mugs - it's all in here.It reminds me of Urban Outfitters' gift section, only better. Consumers of pop art and culture will love it and you're unlikely to come out of Lava empty handed. Surprisingly, they have a jewellery collection which also showcases local designers! There were some gorgeous earrings recycled out of old plastic items, including vinyl. There were also handmade clocks made out of old vinyl singles which would appeal to most ages. I ususally go in here to buy gifts but come out with stuff for myself! Their great mixture of goodies is suitable for guys and girls.
3	Lava is yet another gift shop on Cockburn Street and stocks various different items. It isn't as cutesy as some of the other shops on the street and if you're into Zippo lighters they have a whole selection here. I sometimes go in for a browse but to be honest it's the kind of shop that you'd make an impulse purchase only to take it home wondering why on earth you even bothered.They do stock some nice kitchen ware though and I have my eye on a mini pink pasta strainer but it's probably cheaper in Ikea. Overall the items here are essentially just overpriced tat that serve no function whatsoever but might make you laugh for all of 5 seconds. I guess if you're looking for a silly secret Santa gift then you might find something in here to do the trick but most of the items are quite predictable.
3	It would be difficult to miss this shop. Unless you are colourblind to bright orange. Another gift shop of the many that populate this City. I am not complaining, its a pretty cool one, but doesn't stock anything that different than all the other "quirky" and "individual" pop ideas that are out there, from funky mugs to artsy kitchen utensils to logo bags they have it all.  You are most likely to find a gift here, unless you are shopping for someone with very conservative tastes, in which case I think a book token would be more appropriate. Make that an amazon token.
4	Lava is very much like the Mutt's Nuts down on the Grassmarket, catering for the cool gift sector of the market.  Everything's a bit gimmicky, and they're probably going to be the sorts of things that you would get as a humorous accompaniment to a normal sort of gift.  Like Anna says, it would be difficult for this place to cater for someone who has more conservative tastes, as they would most likely find the things they stock to be a bit too close to the line.  But for most people, they would love the sort of things they have here.As I said in my review of the Mutt's Nuts, the things this shop has are the sorts of items you never knew you wanted, but will probably fall in love with if you were given them.  I mean, at what time have you thought: "oh yes, I have to get some Jesus Christ sticking plasters!"  This is typical of their stock, and you'll most likely be chuckling as you wonder around.Perfect for gifts for the person who thinks they have everything.  As this shop proves, they probably don't!
4	Y'know what? I didn't expect to give a 'bits and bobs', gimmicky-giftware shop 4 stars not for any other reason than, well, can you really be a huge fan of somewhere that sells novelty mugs and lunchboxes over your favourite Italian bistro?The reason I'm giving said giftware shop 4 stars is the customer service. I went in here on a mission for a very particular novelty mug with a character and slogan. I had seen it before and hadn't bought it at the time (curses!) I asked about it and the girl said they didn't have it out but they just got a big delivery in. Turns out one of the shops further down Cockburn Street is also owned by them and the delivery was down there.So she called the other store, asked them to go into the stock room, and find the mug for me. I've worked in a store like this one before (well one selling lots of different types of random things) and know *how* much of a headache a new order can be with boxes upon boxes of unnamed, unmarked things. It took 15 minutes. I waited patiently. Someone appeared with an unmarked box and proferred from it the very mug I wanted.I really, really appreciated that. They did it with a genuine smile too and an 'any time'. I wasn't bothering them by asking for something that was a bit of a bother. A bit of a sign of the times that I was surprised by their friendliness!I have to say I wouldn't shop here regularly (unless I wanted the entire collection of superhero mugs), it is gimmicky but if you need a novelty Superman, Wonderwoman, Stark Trek mug or some cute cups or cupcake themed paraphernalia this is where to look - and do expect service witha smile.
