4	I've tried a lot of different ramen spots in Vegas. All of which, have ranged from the mediocre to the very awesome. After devouring a bowl at Ramen Sora, I'd rate their stuff somewhere in my top 3 bowls or ramen around Vegas. It's definitely worth checking out. Here's what I got:-Mini chashu curry bowl: I was amazed at how flavorful their Japanese curry is. Lots of savory deliciousness packed into a mini bowl. It makes for a great starter.-Spicy miso ramen: The broth has a great flavor to it, though I was expecting it to actually be spicy. Noodles were really good too (touted to be made from a recipe straight from Sapporo, Japan). I sampled the shio broth from others at my table. I'd have to say that I preferred my miso broth over it.-Kurogoma Dango (Dessert) - Tastes like homemade mochi with a sweet bean filling inside. It's something either you like or hate. Doesn't hurt to try for $2 (3 pieces).The parking is pretty convenient since it's not part of a strip mall, the interior is spacious for a ramen spot, and staff is really friendly and welcoming. It's safe to say that it's all enough to keep me coming back.Quick Notes:-They don't serve alcohol yet, but they are working on it!-Order a large bowl ($1 more) if you're hungry. They don't do noodle refills.
4	I saw the talk thread on this and decided to swing by here after work for a quick dinner.  I got the spicy miso ramen bowl.  It was very tasty, but not spicy.  The ramen noodles were nicely cooked.  Very hot broth, which I hear is a requirement.  The broth was also very tasty, but fatty.  It's pork based (by boiling black pork bones, to be specific) and I could see the oil floating in it.  But that's not a bad thing.The ramen came with two pieces of pork, an egg, green onions... there was some ginger in there... it was hard for me to identify all the goodness.  The pork was so delicious.  The egg was perfectly cooked.  The thing I like best is that it was not as salty as Monta.  I didn't wake up in the middle of the night to chug a gallon of water.  Oh, and their spoons have little notches that keep them from falling into your soup.  It's the little things that count with me.I also tried Kurogoma dango for dessert which was mochi balls stuffed with red bean paste and rolled in black sesame.  Three for $2.  Delicious!It was about half full when I went - pretty good for opening night.  Service was fast and friendly.  I also like their hours, 11:30am to 11:00pm everyday - very convenient and easy to remember.  It's close to my work and I like that I can get a ramen craving at 3pm and get it taken care of.Four stars for now because they don't serve beer yet.  Ramen without beer can be a little depressing.  But they have Sapporo listed on the menu, Sapporo glasses, and Sapporo paraphernalia all over the place, so it's only just a matter of time.  Also, if my husband gives it his seal of approval, I'll bump it up - beer or no beer.  Looking forward to many visits to this great find. Thanks Mike H. for starting the talk thread on this!
4	As I pulled into the parking lot 5 mins after opening, I saw 4 other Asian cars parking so I quickly parked without paying attention to if I was anywhere within the lines (holding true for my  bad Asian drivers) and bum rushed quickly inside.Within minutes the place was packed with several parties waiting. We may have been the only non Jap party there.The ramen offers miso or shio soup - no tonkatsu but they do offer a spicy option. We ordered the Delux Shio Ramen which came with 3 pieces of chashu, egg, manma, nori, and chives. In addition we ordered the Spicy Miso.  The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente and had the perfect bite.  The noodles are similar to the texture of the Miso Ramen at Monta, not the thinner noodles from their Tonkatsu. I ordered both broths to see if they offered more noodle selections but it seems they offer one. Nevertheless I prefer thick cut.  Both of the broths were super rich and full of flavor. The kurogoma dango dessert was decent - u could tell it was made at least a day in advance. With the consistent flow of business, maybe they can make it fresh daily and it would def be better. So is it better than Monta? I would say no but I always order the Tonkatsu and enjoy the intimacy and atmosphere. But it's definitely a competitor and I'm all for more ramen offerings!
5	HA!  I get to be the first person to review, and who better than a real Japanese person with more Ramen experience in Japan than 99.9% of Vegas.I actually think that I may have eaten at Ramen Sora in Sapporo more than 10 years ago, as Ramen Sora is somewhat well known ramen restaurant chain in Sapporo.As some of you may know, Sapporo style ramen is miso based (as opposed to Hakata style is tonkotsu based or tokyo style is soy sauce based), and this place is no exception, miso being their specialty, although this restaurant serves miso and shio (salt) style broth.This restaurant is located in a building that was formerly occupied by "Whale Island" Korean restaurant, but inside, the decor is simple and modern Japanese now.The menu is simple as an authentic ramen house should be:  Shio and Miso, and you could choose several toppings as well as side dishes.  Unfortunately, they don't have their liquor license yet, so I could not have beer, and they also ran out of gyoza during lunch hour, but I did have their fried rice which was as good as that of Monta's.I had spicy miso, and also tasted my wife's miso ramen, and let me tell you....if you like miso ramen at Monta....you will be blown away.I personally do not like miso ramen at Monta, and just stick with their tonkotsu ramen, but spicy miso ramen at Sora is the real deal.  Very thick, flavorful, and a lot of umami, and has a lot more of a "kotteri" flavor and texture like the real sapporo ramen should have.  I would rate this spicy ramen A, as opposed to monta's miso ramen being B- for me.  In summary, this is a REAL Japanese ramen house with Japanese chefs and waitresses.  Not some bogus ramen house with waitresses dressed in anime character and stuff.  This is where you go if you want the real deal and I am so happy to have another ramen house that can give Monta a run for its money, as well as having more dining space so that you don't have to wait forever for the hipsters and non Japanse asians to finish twittering and Fb'ing their dining experience as you see in Monta.
5	Thank goddess a decent ramenhouse has opened in Vegas. I used to live in Cali and went for ramen several times a week (yes, I am an addict). I'm very picky about the quality of my ramen, and Monta, Shuseki, Ichiza, etc. just don't cut it. (Personally, I think Monta is highly overrated. I gave it at least 5 visits to make sure, and it still does nothing for me. But that's for another review.)Finally Vegas has something that lives up to the better places in California. I would rank it in my top five ramens, having explored San Francisco, San Mateo, San Jose, Santa Monica and Los Angeles. Like any typical ramenhouse, Sora's space is limited. Most likely you'll have to wait for a table, and they don't take reservations. Your best bets are to come either early or late into the peak dining hours. But please don't go right before closing. If you've ever waited tables, you know how annoying this is, especially when these latecomers assume they can hang out for hours after closing time when all the chairs are put up and floor mopped. And then tip 10%. But I digress.On opening night, we ordered the fried rice with special sauce, an interesting combination. The special sauce was a thick, opaque cornstarch-ladden concoction, a little salty and tinged with chopped scallions. It somewhat reminded me of the more rural Japanese breakfast noodles dipped in "slime." If you're not into this type of texture, then steer clear away from the special sauce. Overall, it gave an interesting contrast to the savory fried rice and pickled ginger (the red slivered kind, not the sweeter sushi kind). The gyoza was decent, nicely crispy bottoms with a chewy skin. But what blew me away was their homemade dipping sauce. I haven't had this good a sauce in so long. It was a perfect balance of soy sauce, sesame oil, vinegar, garlic. I couldn't get enough. My entire table ordered miso, half of us the spicy version. I do agree with other reviewers that the spicy was not very, but it did have that little extra karamiso kick prevalent at some other ramenhouses. No need to supplement with a side of kimchi here (which they don't offer on the menu anyway). The broth was succulent, rich and oh-so flavorful with bits of fat dotting the bowl. Oftentimes the richer the broth, the less they tend to give you, and Ramen Sora makes no exception in that. Personally I would prefer just another half-to-one more ladle of broth, but what they DO serve you will be pretty sufficient for most people.One of the highlights of my heaven-in-a-bowl was the chashu. Thick cut and hearty, yet so tender it almost disintegrates in your chopsticks -- let alone melt in your mouth. You can tell the pork has been well-cooked for a good length of time, letting the fat render into the succulent meat itself.The noodles are the other highlight. Thick, hearty, perfectly-cooked...in a word: amazing. Ramen Sora's noodles are deliciously chewy, making a nice mouthful after mouthful. (One of the most disappointing things about MONTA is their style of noodle. Admittedly, this is just my opinion, but I do not care for their sliver-thin wimpy noodles. They hold no flavor, and the texture reminds me of oversoaked bean thread.)The servers are friendly and attentive, and I'm was quite shocked at how slammed they were on opening day. Word of ramen travels fast anywhere you go.I stopped by after work today to get a couple orders to take home. Not surprisingly, I was their very first take-out order. I was amused to watch them explore how to pack their wonderful ramen for travel. Unfortunately, because the eggs are only parboiled/partially cooked and are meant to complete cooking when served in broth, they weren't able to supply me with egg. I asked if they could give me a fully-boiled egg, but the chef wasn't able to at this time. No biggie. Instead, I opted for extra menma (fermented bamboo) because I love the flavor and "chewy" crunch. I'm sure they'll work out this small detail in the future. The noodles held up well hours later, as well as a stovetop reheating of the broth. The flavors were all there, and at home I can slurp in comfort!Some will come to Sora and knock it down because they're only familiar with Monta. Others will become complete converts. Whatever your preference, I still highly recommend you give all styles of ramen a try. It is diversity that makes life interesting after all, isn't it?
4	**Summary**       - Ramen - Their ramen is a bit thicker than your average ramen. It's suppose to be an original recipe from Saporro Japan.       - Flavor - Their barbecued pork is unrivaled in its tastiness. Since practically everything on the menu includes it, you'll probably try it in one of their dishes.       - Saltiness - All the dishes were a little too salty for me, but all the good ramen places in Vegas seem super salty. With that said, it's less salty than Monta, which was my previous ramen place.       - Super size - You can order a large version of the ramen bowls for $1 more.**Ramen**       - I got a bit confused with the menu when I first looked at it, so here's my explanation of the ramen.       - Two things main things make up the base. One is pork and the other you have a choice of Miso or Shio (Salt).       - They all come with half an egg, one piece of pork, and menma (bamboo shoots).          - Chashu Ramen has 2 extra pork pieces.          - Menma Ramen has extra menma.          - Spicy Ramen has a ground meat/Rayu (Chili oil) sauce scoop added in to be mixed around. It's not spicy at all. Taco bell mild sauce is spicier.          - Corn Butter ramen had corn and a slice of butter added.          - Nori Ramen has seaweed added to the side.          - Negi Ramen has a piece of fish replacing the pork.          - Deluxe Sora Ramen has 2 extra pork pieces and nori (seaweed) added.**Ordered**       - $10.00 Deluxe Shio Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=bs_GyeafgqHE1QlNfTP69g)       - $8.50 Spicy Miso Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=J6COHikJJ6CviUN8mzSoiA)              - Soup - Both soups are slow-cooked in pork bones. You can see the pork oil floating in the soup. It really adds a deliciously meaty flavor to the soup.              - Miso - The miso soup is thicker and heartier than the shio.               - Shio (Salt) - I much preferred the shio soup. The consistency is less thick and the flavor a lot more clean.              - Chashu (barbecued) - The meat literally falls apart it's very tender and the pork is literally a flavor bomb.       - $2.85 Mini Chashu or Chashu Curry Bowl (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4k3RlMAMd46DZ_JyZU0lMg?select=OWti3brKP7toeyxM1L0XGg)              - Mini Chashu Bowl - Their signature chashu pork on rice. Out of the soup, it really allows you to taste the full flavor of the meat, though it's a smidge saltier than in the soups. Even though meat the rice ratio was a little lacking, it makes for a delicious snack.              - Mini Chashu Curry Bowl - The chashu pork in curry over rice. The serving of meat is less due to the curry. The curry is so-so and a bit salty. Added with everything else, I think it's a bit too much. I'd prefer the regular Chashu Bowl.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place for a nice authentic ramen restaurant.
4	Ramen noodles are thicker and chewier; shio broth is flavorful but not too salty; the chashu is generous compared to most, if not all, of the local Las Vegas competition. Good reason to come back for more, not to mention that the wait staff are friendly and will get the answers to the questions you ask about the food and restaurant, if they don't know the answer.I dropped by Ramen Sora after seeing the new signage on Spring Mountain Rd, and was waiting for it to finally be opened.  What can I say, I love ramen to the point that I actually went to a Ramen Museum while visiting Japan with friends I met during college. I have developed a certain personal preference for what I considered great ramen, and the thinker noodles served here is one of those pluses in my ramen critique formula.  The broth has good flavor without being overly greasy or too salty.  The chashu is pretty good, almost melt-in-your mouth tender, and the portions served in my Deluxe Ramen was more generous than the competition.  Although the overall portion is on the smallish side for me, and I definitely need to pay the nominal fee for the extra noodles.  Or order one of the side rice bowls.Anyway, they seemed to be off to a decent start, already earning 4.5 stars on 7 reviews on Yelp in the first 2-3 days of opening.  The staff is friendly and the service is quick.I definitely would recommend this ramen restaurant, which is their first US store to open, making this an international ramen chain with two more locations in Sapporo, Japan (Hokkaido area). Being a Sapporo-style ramen-ya, their miso ramen is a definite must try, since it originated there and uses akamiso (red soybean paste).Food:  4/5  The best, or the top two ramen option in Las Vegas.Service:  5/5  Friendly, not too pushy, and attentive.Value:  4/5  Generous with the chashu, but the regular bowl of ramen is not that large.  I definitely need to exercise the kaedama (extra noodle) option.Location:  Not too far from the Strip on Spring Mountain Road.Parking:  3/5  Private lot, but it is not that big.  But there are usually street parking if the lot is full.Repeat visit probability:  Fairly high
5	As a ramen lover, I really love this place. From the outside, it gives you the feeling that no one would eat here. However, I saw the word "ramen". It just lured me in. The parking is behind the restaurant. My girlfriend and I ordered Spicy Miso ramen, Mini chashui bowl and the mini curry bowl. The soup base is very good. It satisfies my ramen-taste-bugs. The ramen they use is different from Monta. I prefer here because you have more choices of ramen. I will come back and try different ramen.
5	Best ramen in Vegas!  I live in San Francisco and in the Bay Area we have a ton of great ramen, but I hadn't tried out the options in Vegas much until this previous trip and Ramen Sora is the real deal!  I tried the Miso Ramen and the Spicy Miso Ramen and both were delish.  I also added chasu to both b/c their chasu is ridiculously tender and tastes amazing.  Check out David N's review for more details since he goes into great detail.  The gyoza I had was great with the nicely crisp bottoms and the meat was juicy and the sauce had the perfect amount of zesty tang.  Definitely will be hitting this place up on every trip to Vegas from here on out!
5	The square footage is a little tight, but well worth the wait.  The staff are friendly, inviting, and provide excellent service.  It was our first time, so I asked our server what she recommended, and she warmly made suggestions.  We were served our food promptly.  We ordered the combo ramen with miso, and wow was it good!The broth alone was a 10!  The noodles were very good and cooked to perfection, as was the strips of smoked pork (delicious!), but I just kept coming back to that broth.  It was cloudy, rich, and loaded with flavor.  Ramen Sora boils pork bones for almost a day to make their base broth...and you can taste every bit of time and dedication it took to make their ramen.  I would highly recommend this ramen house to anyone!
2	Eh, maybe I'm a tough critic but this place met my standards for a DECENT Ramen joint. I've eaten a lot of Ramen from Las Vegas to So-cal and Nor-cal. I've even attempted Man vs Food's challenge at Orochan Ramen (Little Tokyo's) Spiciest & biggest Ramen bowl. So I know my Ramen, and this place was A-OK but I've tried better. Ramen Noodle:4/5 I liked the noodles, it was a bit thicker and chewier than most Ramen joints I've tried but I didn't like how chewy it was. Thicker was a plus but chewy no. Broth Spicy Miso: 3/5 I ordered the SPICY MISO RAMEN which was actually not spicy at all. Even though the soup turned red after mixing it a bit, but don't let looks fool you. The broth was a bit greasy you could see the oil bubbles this was definitely a turn off. The broth was very light, I felt like the broth was missing something. Broth Chashu Miso: 2/5 The broth was very light and oily. Once again I felt like it was missing something, NOT ENOUGH FLAVOR. I barely tasted the Miso and everyone knows Miso is salty which made the soup not as salty as most soups I've tried.Chashu: 2/5 The Chashu pork, if you know what Chashu pork is its really Pork belly. That's simmered for about an hour slow cooking so its soft tasty and chewy. The pork belly they used was more pork less fat which was okay but everyone knows the flavor is in the fat. The Chashu pork was a bit chewier than most I've tried but also remember it was more meat than fat. My order came with one slice so I ordered extra Chashu because I love chashu pork, but I'm not a fan of theirs. Tamago (egg) : 0/5 REMEMBER! The order does not come with a Tamago, even if on the menu there's a picture of one. I guess I assumed on the menu the picture was exactly what I was ordering. I usually like 2 tamago's so I ordered 1 extra. Not knowing I was ordering just HALF of an egg. So When I got my miso ramen I was sad to see I only had 1 half of a tamago. THE TAMAGO was TASTELESS! No flavor at all. A real tamago is kepted over night in a soy sauce based sweet sauce. But this was NOT A TAMAGO. The Tamago WASN'T EVEN BROWN! The Tamago is my favorite part of my ramen and they totally ruined it.Alcohol: 0/5 Currently they don't have their liquor license which makes it such a tease on the menu because who doesn't love to enjoy a Sapporo beer with their Ramen. Instead I was forced to enjoy my Ramen with a glass of water imprinted with the Sapporo sticker (even more of a tease)Service: 2/5 The waitress and the waiter were super nice but not so much the manager. My boyfriend eats a lot, so he ordered a large which was suppose to have more noodles and more soup but it wasn't enough for him. So we asked and offered to pay for more noodles since he still had a lot of soup left but they said no we would have to buy a whole new bowl which was a big disappointment because at MONTA my boyfriend always orders more noodles with no problem  Parking: 5/5 The place was dead, when I pulled in there had to be 2 other cars there. They have a small back parking lot which is a plus. Wait: 5/5 THERE IS NO WAIT! Which was awesome because I was hungry when I got there. I was seated quickly
3	SORA vs. MONTASora is the new inhabitant of the fail whale spot on Spring Mountain. Many restaurants shut down in this building before them. Like Monta, they serve authentic Japanese ramen but in traditional Sapporo style. ORDER: Miso is all I eat at Monta. So I figured I'd compare what I know. I don't like to litter my bowl with additional toppings. A regular bowl is served with a perfectly cooked 1/2 egg, scallion, menma (bamboo shoot), and 1 large slice of chashu pork. The usual add-ons like corn, butter, nori, etc are available.BROTH:  The broth at Sora is quite greasy. As soon as they placed my bowl down, I was a little turned off by how many oil floaties there were. When I make broth at home, I always take the time to skim off the fat. But in traditional Sapporo style, they boil pork bones for many hours and the oil is part of what makes the broth--this just isn't my style. It left grease on my lips--also not my style. What I love about Monta is how creamy the broth is. Here, the broth is more clear and lacks a certain heaviness that I appreciate from a bowl of ramen. Flavor between Monta and Sora are similar, its just the little things that count to me.NOODLES: Sapporo noodles are thicker and chewier. You can immediately see the difference in the "weight" of the noodles. I'm used to fully-cooked noodles whereas the ones here have more bite to them and are served a bit al dente. I like!CHASHU: I wish it was served with more! Next time, I'll probably order extra chashu for the extra $2. It as sliced quite thin and very tender. I didn't see much of a flavor difference from Monta.VARIETY: I believe I saw fried rice on the menu. They had some mini curry and mini chasu bowls available as 'appetizers.' I wish they had some type of 'fresh' appetizer. I really liked my mini-mentaiko bowl with my ramen at Ramen. Instead I went with the gyoza. They're fried dumplings--can't mess those up.DRINKS: LIQUOR LICENSE PENDING. Sapporo beer will soon be available. They have canned green tea and other usual beverages.SERVICE: Great! My server was such a nice guy. Very polite and attentive. I like to dine solo and don't like to be bothered too much. They fulfilled my needs while not annoying me to death. Overall, I prefer Monta, but I won't raise any red flags on the food here!Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
5	Currently as the Duke (as of 2/8/2012 7:37PM) of this fine establishment, I would like to welcome Ramen Sora to my wallet.The Short: Get the Miso ramen, upgrade it to a large, order a Sapporo (when they have their license), and go into a food coma.The Food:Shio: Reminds me of Chinese noodle broths, slightly clear and savory, includes 2 pieces of pork with strong flavor (soy?), seaweed, half an egg, and some fermented bamboo shoots. Everything seems to go well with each other and came out at the perfect temperature somewhere between hot and really warm. The saltiness of the broth was not overwhelming or made from someone with a salty palette. I think even my parents who dislike every other non-Chinese broth will probably enjoy this. Miso: The toppings are the same as Shio and I feel like this broth is the winner and the prize here. Supposedly  their style of made for the colder weathers, therefore it is rich, thick, bursting with umami or savoriness. I fully agree, except that I'll most likely be here during the summer's triple digit weather devouring a bowl of the Miso ramen. What I enjoy most is that black pig fat floating on top adding to the deliciousness. A Spicy Miso is also available with the spice equivalence to a big red pepper. Of course additional toppings can be added such as more bamboo shoots, onions, pork, egg, and noodles. Noodle upgrades however don't come in a separate bowl (kaedama) for you to add later like Monta. Curry Bowl: Unfortunately only comes in a mini size, but anyways it is a thick brown curry with carrots, chashu, and pickled red ginger (mhmm). A great snack if you're really hungry and waiting for your ramen, or.. if you're not that hungry, but don't want to feel weird with your dining companions. Fried Rice: If you're considering this, I would say stick with the ramen. There are two options for the fried rice, one with the house gravy sauce and one without it. I think this is the one item that is a bit overpriced, and towards the end was somewhat greasy. The house gravy (looked like egg drop soup) came in a bowl which you're suppose to add to your fried rice, wasn't my thing though. Drinks are pretty standard can tea, soda, Ramune, water, and Sapporo in the future when the elusive alcohol license comes in. Perhaps the wizards in the kitchen can create a "real" Sapparo beer ramen when that comes haha. The Service:I can't bag on them too much for service since it has been mostly good, and they are not even a week old yet. For what it is worth I did experience a bit of a hiccup from the manager whom forgot to process our order and quirky service, but it may have to do with them running out of broth by 2PM causing her to accumulate stress whenever she had to turn away customers. I'm sure once they get things sorted out everything will be dandy. The Location: Ramen Sora is located "behind" Sura Korean BBQ (hard to miss, but if you're coming from the strip its going to be the building right after Macy's Home Furniture). Parking is entrance specific, but quite adequate for the amount of seats they have available (more than Monta if you're wondering). Air conditioning seems to be working strongly too. Lastly if it matters for whatever reason I have always seen "nationals" in here, so I assume it must have their approval in authenticity.
4	My 2nd visit here in a week.So I was there about 12:15pm, and the parking lot was 75% full.  Fortunately I was able to be seated with no waiting, but the place was pretty much full.This time, I tried Spicy Shio with extra green onions and gyoza.  Gyoza:  pretty good.  But I would have to give this gyoza battle to Monta.  It's very possible they Sora will get better as they have been open only a week, but Monta's gyoza had more flavor and juice.  Shio ramen:  I'm not a big fan of shio ramen, but I have to admit that this was pretty good.  simple, not oily, with some of the tonkotsu flavor coming through.  Spicy Shio is a weird concept as it makes it somewhat spicier and fattier, which is somewhat like ordering a veggie burger with extra cheese.  I  think I'd stick with Miso personally, but I do like their noodle.  Al dente, slightly chewier than Monta's miso ramen noodle, and wavier.   I think  it is more like a traditional miso ramen noodle from sapporo.  People who are not fond of heavy, kotteri type broth will probably prefer shio ramen.  Not me.  Service:  today they had a one Chinese lady waiting the table, and other two were Japanese.  This is somewhat disappointing for an authentic ramen house, but it's not that big of a deal as the menu is short and simple.  However, the service seemed to be faster today.  Perhaps they are getting used to it after the opening week.  As I was leaving, there were a few people waiting to be seated and the parking lot was full.  There is plenty of space to put in a few tables, and I really think that they need a counter space as all authentic ramen houses should have.  I'm just surprised at how quickly the word has spread and so many people have discovered this place.  It's hard to say who is better:  monta vs Sora, but I'd go to Monta if I"m feeling for tonkotsu, and Sora if I'm in the mood for miso.  There are no other Japanese ramen house that come close to these two.  If you disagree, please keep going to the place where you get served by faux anime characters.
1	My husband and I attempted to go here for lunch today and we were met with a locked door. After trying to open the door, a young lady came to the door and said "we're closed today. We're out of soup". I hope that is good news - that they're so busy they ran out of product. We were told they would reopen tomorrow at 11:30am. I'm very disappointed in today's experience. I will definitely try again tomorrow to hopefully experience the food this time.
3	Place is a decent size, not as crowded as Monta. The noodles are thicker and different from Monta's but it's a nice change.I came with two friends and they got the miso ramen while I tried out the shio ramen for my first time. I was able to try the miso broth, and well, true to my past experiences, I've never liked miso. I preferred the shio. My bowl had a lot of oil, though. Most of it naturally from the pork or whatnot, but still, it wasn't pleasant to look at. I definitely liked the noodles. But that's mainly it. Noodles in the shio broth, that is.Service was awesome -- our server was very friendly. They have large and XL sizes (big bowls) for those interested.Will I be back? Yeah. Most likely to try out the other stuff.
4	Not bad, broth was pretty thick and had medium flavor.  i know a buncha yelpers and "food critics" are all about the quality etc etc blah blah, but when you get down to it, its a ramen place and you're eating to get full.  That being said, 1 freakin peice of chasu in my nori ramen?!!? really? cant a guy get at least 2 so i can dip one in sauce and try the other without or something?  o and btw do not order the premium chasu either.  Overprices 2 slices of semi-coldish pork belly slices.however, even after the negatives, I still give this place about 3.5 stars.  It will defintely be on my mind when monta is overly packed as usual.
4	I came to Ramen Sora on their grand opening day and both food and services were pretty good. Everyone from host to server was super friendly. Even though it was grand opening day, all the food we ordered came out quickly when this place was full house. I like shio ramen a little bit better than miso one. Ramen noodle tasted a little firm just in the way I like it to serve. Chef was pretty generous when serving ramen with chasu. (each bowl came with 3 pieces of chasu) I personally like their soup base a lot better than Monta. (Monta's soup base is too salty to me) I also tried their Gyoza. It was really good and worth the money. I will be back soon after they have alcohol license. I always like to eat ramen noodles with some Sapporo.
4	This place is about as authentic as it gets for a Japanese ramen place here in Vegas.  The menu is simple, as most ramen places are in Japan.  Their basic miso and shio soup base are done very well.  The shoyu broth has a wonderful flavour and the ramen is done right. The chashu was tasty as was the other condiments in the soup.  The only thing that needs a little improvement is their boiled egg.  If it had been cooked a little bit longer it would have been a perfect bowl of ramen.  I can see that the chef takes pride in their food and takes their time to make everything just right.  Although we didn't order the gyoza, the table next to us did and it looked perfectly pan fried.  The miso ramen was a little too fatty at the top surface, but other than that the flavour was also very good.  We would definitely come back and try some of their other dishes.   Oh, one more side note, the service is very attentive, perhaps a little too attentive, as they tried to take away the bill before we had time to even put payment down.
5	I never turn down a good hot bowl of ramen!  I had the Deluxe and it was one of the best I've ever had.  The broth was spot on, the noodles cooked al dente, the charsiu so soft and buttery, the tamago and the garnish of seaweed, spring onions & garlic made the whole dish.  The gyoza was ok.  Service was attentive.  Parking lot is a little small.  I like their motto "No ramen no life".  How true!
4	Went here because you know who had a wait out the door again so I thought I'd give this a go and I have to say that I was very surprised. I think this place beats out Monta. The ramen here as described by many others is a little heavier and has that al dente bite to it. The chashu pork is thicker and isn't a small little sliver. And I know this is super weird to say but it actually feels good in there temperature wise. I know many may think who the f- cares, but that's huge when it'll be the summertime soon and you're trying to put down a bowl of hot ramen. At Monta you're right where the kitchen is and sometimes the sun hits that window at that perfect magnifying angle where its just hot (insert hooker in church joke here) but Ramen Sora doesn't have that issue so I like that. Additionally, the service is friendly and quick.The only thing I can say that Monta beats them out on is the broth. The broth didn't jump out at me like Montas tonkotsu-shoyu ramen. Also, theres no napkin dispenser, they just lay down one napkin. I know weird, but when you eat with a messy eater who keeps spilling soup all over himself like he's literally trying to wash his face with it, one napkin won't cut it. (Dont worry,  your sloppy table manner secrets are safe with me Steve). Outside of that though, I will definitely stop by this place first when I'm craving ramen.
4	This place didn't really appeal to my taste buds. I'm the kind of girl that grew on super strong flavored food, the more salt/sweet/sour/bitter/etc the better. Even though I was not a fan of the shio broth myself, I really feel that others would enjoy the light broth. The floating oil droplets didn't bother me at all and I thought overall it was pretty good. I did enjoy the thick chewy noodles but the broth however was light and actually tasted like chicken soup to me. =x  The service was excellent! My bf and I had some questions and the server took the time to explain everything to us. Water glasses were also promptly refilled. A+++ for service!So I guess Sora is the place if you want a lighter brother and with a thicker chewier noodle than Monta.
5	Finally a good ramen shop in Las Vegas!I've been to every Japanese style restaurant that serves ramen in this town from junk (Anime Ramen is just so gross) and the Ramen Yokohama Kaigenro use to have. Right now this is by far my favorite ramen that I can get in Las Vegas. This place has the best ramen, seriously. Great portions and for a $1 more you can get a large size that goes a long way in the end. Things I would recommend to anyone are :Curry BowlChashu bowlGyozaShio RamenMiso RamenThough to be honest with everyone, I would stay away from the fried rice. It's very bland and a little greasy .In the opening week I went here twice, so this place is going to become a regular spot for this ramen fanatic.
4	Years ago I moved into china town..well actually I moved into an old neighborhood in Las Vegas area that slowly became china town. (I was here first!) I saw the whole transformation, I saw my favorite video store and other favorite places turn into massage parlors. but before all that, when I first moved into the area while exploring the neighborhood I walked from my house to spring mountain and ran into this little place called Mario's hair salon at 4490 spring mountain, decided to give them my business and got a haircut.....and this is where the story begins.  I had the worst haircut of my life at This place! and I was so upset and pissed off that in a moment of rage I cursed the place!  Mario went out of business and so did all the business that followed him after that. I've seen restaurants in this locale come and go and even though I never tried any of the previous restaurants I think is time for me to finally return to the place of occurrence, besides what's the worst they could do? ruin my lunch? They can't ruin my hair anymore, not even Mario, most of it is gone! so after all this years, I walked into the place again...   I didn't know how big Ramen is in japan, I always considered Ramen as fast junk food, or something you would eat when broke but with all this ramen places popping up in Chinatown I decided to venture outside my world of instant ramen noodles and try the real thing, so I followed the wave of fellow yelpers to Ramen Sora to see for myself what is the big deal with this place. Ramen Sora brings the traditions and recipes of Sapporo Japan, they take their ramen very seriously making the stock by boiling bones for almost a day. ( not the three minute wait that I was used to.) the decor is minimalist but functional since the place is kind of small every square inch is taken advantage of, atmosphere is very relaxing and you feel like you are seating with the rest of the other customers because everyone is so close but do not worry enjoy your ramen and slurp freely! ( my neighbor did) The always smiling waitress Taeko, recommended me the shio ramen which ended up being surprisingly good, it was light and not too fatty, although I wish they had seafood ramen but hopefully in the future they'll expand the menu to more choices. They will also be serving alcohol in the near future, and I can attest to that since I was in the same hearing (for a different matter) when the owner asked for permission in front of the board, and it was approved!I'm glad Ramen Sora is the new resident of 4490 spring mountain, I was always afraid another massage place would take over like all my other favorite places in the area. I really liked the food and the service and I believe this place will be here for years to come. For my part, the curse has been lifted, good luck Ramen Sora!  and thank you for the happy ending!
3	Finally, We've got other ramen restaurant other than Monta, (personally I do not consider Anime Ramen as a ramen restaurant, I haven't been there and I actually do not wanna visit).I visited twice and this place is crowded, but the dining area is spacious and I like the confortable area. I also like Monta's environment, it's small and feels like a traditional japanese ramen shop, but I hate it when you seats near the entrance and those who are waiting will stand next to the dining area, it make me uncomfortable if I were seat there.I've tried the Shio, Spicy Miso, Pork Fried Rice w/ house special sauce, Premium Pork ChaShu and Kurogoma dango.The first visit of my Shio ramen was totally tasteless, I am not a fan of heavy seasoning, so the ramen soup is almost no favour at all, but the Spicy Miso was good. I also ordered Kurogoma dango with my girlfriend, it looks pretty but not really like it.I ordered the Pork Fried Rice w/ house special sauce, Premium Pork ChaShu, and Shio ramen on my second visit. The Shio was pretty good, much better than my previous visit, but they forgot the order of my extra egg. My girlfriend and I love the premium chashu, they are delicious but also expensive $3.98 for 2 pieces!? I was like "are you kidding me?" anyway, the pork fried rice was just ok, it's tasteless and I like monta's fried rice better and i was kinda curious of the house special sauce because my server told me its just grave sauce, but I didnt taste any grave in the fried rice. Maybe the grave is supposed to put on top and they forgot.The menu of Ramen Sora is meaningless, it looks like they got a lot of choices, but if you pay attention and you will find out that they only have FOUR different ramen with TWO different soup bases. if you order the Shio ramen and add the topping of green onion it became Negi ramen. it applies to all the others. its really not a necessary put to different ramen with each toppings on the menu.I found i like monta better
4	I want tons of ingredients in my ramen.  I'm the one with multiple ticket toppings when using the ramen coin order machines in Japan.  Extra, extra, extra!!  The deluxe ramen was my only choice.  I already plan on getting even more of their fantastic chashu next time.I'm not big on miso ramen.  Not that I dislike it but it's never my first choice.  The shio was great and I thoroughly enjoyed every slurp of the noodles.  My wife opted for the miso butter corn ramen, a northern Japan specialty, which she liked a lot. Based on the Yelp buzz, it was a flat out guarantee to see a Yelper in the house.  Nice seeing My and Thao T with their little, future food connoisseur in tow!Solid ramen place but I felt like my meal was incomplete without a big bottle of Asahi Super Dry (no liquor license yet?) and good gyoza.  The gyoza was below average.  I definitely like this place over Monta.  My wife refuses to step into Anime due to the manga otaku factor so I can't compare that yet.  My deluxe ramen might come out to $16 on future trips.
4	The Skinny: finally! a really decent ramen house in Las Vegas! I would pass on the dessert though (4) service: went during the first week of opening, a little disorganized but it's still pretty good given the Japanese efficiency (3) value: it's not bad as long as you don't order extra toppings which seem relatively pricey (4).We came here opening week to try out their miso ramen and within a few days, we were back for more. It was really reassuring to hear a bunch of Japanese spoken in this joint by both the customers and the staff. You know that likely this stuff can't be that far from legit.Here's the menu items we have tried so far: miso ramen, spicy miso ramen, mini chasu bowl, premium chasu side order and a order of their mochi dessert. Breakdown of the broths: the underlying broth has a robust, decadent pork flavour to it. Throw in the miso ($7.50) or spicy miso, you have a well balanced bowl of homey goodness. The spicy miso ($8.50) adds a judicious amount of heat to round out the taste without detracting from the underlying taste of the soup. Very subtle and well done. I think of the three broths, spicy miso might be my favourite.The noodles are in the standard ramen style and cooked perfectly. Slightly thicker than your standard fare, I really loved the mild chewiness of the noodle which speaks to its freshness. Really, a mouth full of joy.The egg was ramen perfection - hard boiled with a thin layer of soy permeating on the outside, a precise ratio of cooked to runny yolk on the inside. Loved it. Could have eaten at least three of those eggs alone.If there is a weakness in the bowl, it's with the chasu. Even though the chasu does have a good texture and flavour, it could be a little bit more melt in the mouth. A little too thinly sliced for my liking, it is worth the upgrade for a few extra slices ($2) to make a more satisfying meal.If it's your first time here, I wouldn't recommend getting a menma ramen ($8.50) or a corn/butter ramen ($9). Considering the price of these additions to the regular bowl, it's rather expensive factoring in the relative cost of the product. I mean, really, $1 for extra green onion? You can buy 3 bunches of that in the Chinese grocery store across the street. Stick to the extra chasu and maybe the tamago if you're an egg fan - you won't be disappointed.We did try the premium chasu side order but was rather disappointed that it was served stone cold with some congealed fat on it. That certainly detracted from the texture of the product and I would not recommend ordering it.Instead, get an side order of the mini chasu bowl ($2.85). The chasu, cut into chunks, is layered with negi (Japanese green onion) over rice with a light sprinkle of the marinating soy broth. Very stick to your ribs kind of food and highly satisfying. The chasu fared better in this instance given the way that it was served but again was not quite the perfect texture. Regardless, given the price, it's really worth a try.Finally, the dessert. We tried their mochi balls filled with red bean and rolled in black sesame ($2). Given the great quality of the dishes here, it really fell flat in comparison. While the filling was okay, the mochi itself was overly dry. I'd pass on this menu item because there are so many other great things to fill your belly with.Overall, I'm so happy that this place opened because we used to drive all the way out to LA to get a half-decent bowl of ramen. Now my husband can spare me the 4 hour drive there and satisfy his cravings at Ramen Sora (4).
5	finally got to try out this place last weekend! very good ramen, the noodles are not as thin as monta but still has a good bite, which is good coz there's nothing worse than soggy noodles in your ramen bowl. tried the spicy shio ramen and the broth and the noodles were perfect. the shio broth was not as salty like the usual shoyu broth. the meat slices are also thicker and not like those circular meat slices with a lot of fat. i was just hoping it would be a lot spicier though. the staff was also very friendly and i guess since it's fairly new, there was no wait to get a table. overall, i like it better than monta. :)
3	I had high hopes for this place with all of the awesome reviews....unfortunately I wasn't that impressed.I decided to go with the Shio ramen and I had asked for the Shio sauce so that I could flavor it more knowing that it wasn't as flavorful as the Miso. My husband ordered the miso ramen.  I took one sip of  the broth and it tasted like water....so I tried to add more of the potent Shio concentrate (basically salt water in a bottle) but after a couple of squirts my broth and ramen still tasted flavorless. I was so bummed out and disappointed. I ended up trying the Miso ramen and I wanted to tell all of the people there not eating yet to order the Miso which was SOOOOO much more flavorful than the Shio....like 100 times way better. I tried adding miso broth to my shio broth, but it just didn't make it taste any better. Their pork is good, but you only get one slice unless you order the extra pork which is like $3.00?Overall, this place is nicely decorated and service wasn't bad, but I was just not a big fan of the Shio Ramen. Miso ramen is definitely a must have when coming here.
4	Came here based on Tony T's review. Ever since I watched the late Brittney Murphy's movie, "Ramen Girl," I have a fascination for Japanese style Ramen. I'm not a fan of miso based broth, but Sora's miso changed my perspective. It has a smooth and perhaps pork-like flavor. Too bad they do not have have Tonkatsu flavor. It is either Shio or Miso. Ordered the cha-siu Ramen. The pork slices are melt in your mouth tender infused with tasty fat. Prices IMO are on the high-side for a bowl of Ramen (I'm spoiled by Big Wong). The one thing that turned me off is that if I wanted extra green onions, they charge a $1.00.
4	Came in for dinner after seeing this as a new business on Yelp. Lot's of parking in the rear makes this very accessible. The restaurant is on the small side but inside is clean and roomy.I started off with a cold green tea and a small curry bowl. The curry bowl was tasty not really to spicy like most Japanese curries. For Ramen I chose the deluxe shio miso ramen which has additional sliced pork, radish, egg and seaweed. I'm not a ramen expert but this bowl of ramen was filling and really tasty. The broth wasn't as heavy as some broths and the noodles were thicker then other ramen restaurants.Overall a satisfying dinner with good service and solid food.
5	I'm so very impressed by this place.  I had the Deluxe Bowl, the noodles were the perfect mix of soft without being too mushy, quite al dente.  The chashu pork was seasoned so perfectly and the miso broth was so hearty on a cold rainy night like this evening!  The staff was very helpful and friendly, ambiance was nice and clean.  I'll definitely be going back
4	Yay a new ramen place in Vegas.  Sora only has basically 2 types of broth to choose from shio(salt base) and miso.  I wish they had shoyu and tonkotsu broth.  This place is almost but not quite there to the ramen I had southern california.  Overall this place is clean, has tasty ramen, and provides good service.
3	Ok. They do not have anything vegetarian. Well, unless you want white rice. So, they were friendly and all, but obviously do your research before coming. I ended up ordering a coke before I realized I couldn't eat anything here and then just leaving. Lame!
1	I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen and it was nothing special.  I didn't like the texture of the noodles (seemed undercooked) or the flavor of the broth.  My ramen included a boiled egg and it was so dried out that the yolk looked like yellow plastic.  I tasted the Spicy Shio Ramen and liked that broth only slightly better.  Overall, it didn't satisfy my ramen craving.   One more thing....it didn't bother me but it may upset parents with younger kids....Sir Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back" was playing loudly.
5	I just came home from this place and I can finally say I have found my permanent ramen place in Vegas! Upon entering the small restaurant, the environment felt very welcoming which is important to me. I ordered a bowl of miso ramen, while my boyfriend ordered the shio ramen. It took only about 5 minutes for our two bowls of hot ramen to arrive at our table. From the moment my ramen touched the table I could smell the delicious chashu pork and hearty broth. The chashu pork was very flavorful and soft compared to some ramen places I've been to where its been chewy and dry. The noodles were a little thick and slightly chewy, but well cooked.  Both of us were very satisfied with our meal and definitely will come back again.Tips: For those who have a preference for a more subtle taste , order the shio. It is very light and not too salty or too overwhelming for flavor. The miso on the other hand is loaded with flavor, so choose wisely!
4	Got the Chashu Shio Ramen for the extra pork and it was tasty.  Also got to taste the Miso soup base and although good, it was a little salty for me.  The noodles were very good and had that chewiness or "bite" that ramen lovers look for.  Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Pretty darn tasty!1.  The soup - I really love the light flavor of the soup. I can tell that it is just like homemade, boiled for a long time with all the bones and pork and etc. Light, subtle and very tasty.2  The Ramen - Just right Al Dente3.  The choices -  All sorts of choices, additional toppings, larger size with more noodles and etc.4.  The key points - I like the pork tenderloin in any ramen. I also like the flavor of green onion sliced and cooked to perfection. 5.  Parking - Has parking, in it's own lot, however, the traffic direction seems to be a bit odd, seems that the entrance is two way, yet large enough for only one car.6.  Service and Seating - Small, be prepared to wait, nice service, and very busy.For a Ramen place, very nice. I have been to many Ramen shops in Japan and in San Francisco, so having this place as an option is nice.GK says, check it out.
3	Just another ramen shop in Las Vegas - nothing to be too thrilled about.  At $10 for a bowl of Deluxe Shio Ramen, the broth isn't even a bone-stew like most other ramen shops.  I opted out of the miso broth, which I later regretted since it was a bit too salty to my liking. A couple things that I did like were the meat and the service.  The meat was very flavorful and at its perfect texture and ratio of meat and fat.  Service was excellent; we didn't have to wait more than 4 minutes for our food, and our tea cups and glasses were never empty. I would go back again just to give it another whirl (maybe try the spicy ramen) and just because there are only a handful of ramen shops in Vegas to go... Slurp away!
2	After a long 12hrs shift at the hospital, I convinced my girlfriends to go there because we were all craving Ramen.  We were really excited but when our food arrived, we were disappointed.  Our soup was OILY!  I mean really oily where every sip and bite, you can feel the oil in your mouth.  Plus you can see an immense amount of oil floating on the soup.  YUCK!  I was also disappointed they didn't have shoyu ramen as an option.  I had really high hope for this place because of the high amount of star from yelp, but I wasn't too fond of it.
4	We knew we had stumbled upon something special when the place was packed full of Japanese-speaking locals within half an hour of opening. They specialize in Hokkaido-style miso ramen. Choice of soup base consists of shio, miso, and spicy miso. Spicy miso isn't really spicy and adds a scoop of ground pork. They use yellow ramen noodles which have a nice chew to them. It comes with a single piece of chashu which is better than most, but for a nicer treat, order the premium chashu. For an extra dollar you can get a large bowl, or two dollars for super-size. Extra toppings such as negi, nori, and menma are available for an additional cost. Prices are reasonable as long as you don't go overboard with extra toppings. Service is decent with a nice ambiance to match.  While not quite as tasty as our fave, tonkotsu ramen, this is the current top ramen spot in town hands-down. Finally a Vegas ramen restaurant worth returning to!
5	I just want to say that I have been here about 3 times in the past couple of weeks. For a busy college student, that's a lot! I have been totally addicted to their miso ramen, and I always order extra chashu now. It's deliciousness never fails me. Yesterday I decided to try their gyoza, and boy was it delicious! It was the perfect combination of crunchy and chewy, and on top of that..perfectly seasoned! We have a goal to try all the side dishes next time we go, so expect an update soon.
3	This place is pretty new, so they don't really have any decorations up or have a liquor license (they are working on it).  the ramen is pretty good.  They don't have shoyu ramen.  They have siro or miso.  I tried both and liked it.  It's worth to go back to again to try different items.  Although, my favorite ramen place is anime ramen!
4	Wow. I'm glad there's more than 3 options.    The broth is super tasty. A pork lovers heaven. All pork everything.
4	My husband and I wanted to try a new ramen place and he'd read reviews about this one.  When we stopped in, the place was crowded but we managed to get a seat. After a good look at the menu, our orders were placed.  I got the shio ramen, it was small but flavorable with a couple of big pieces of chashu pork.  The half boiled egg was still slightly runny, and the noodle was what I call true ramen noodle, at least what I had been used to getting in Hawaiian Ramen shops.Overall, a good bowl of soup, but it didn't fill me up, so either order extra sides, or make it large, or you're gonna leave hungry.
3	Tried their shio ramen along with a side order of curry rice.  After sitting down, order was taken quickly, and my hot tea was topped off three times before my meal arrived.  From there, things started going downhill a bit.  I had to move myself to a different spot on the table because it was so dark, I couldn't see what was in my bowl.  The first sip of a bowl of ramen did not trigger all those wonderful memories of good ramen experiences.  For a shio ramen, the broth was definitely lighter in texture, not unlike cup noodle soup.  I know they say it's stock from over 24 hours of boiling black pork bones.  But the taste is definitely infused with too concentrated tastes of a variety of vegies.  And the after taste hung around too long on the palates, not like the deep seated after taste from savory fats, but from something more like MSG, or concentrated condiments.  If shio ramen is oil painting, I believe they served water colors.  My tongue was confused, and thirsty from the soup, and now that I needed tea, it stopped coming.The high notes of vegies did not stop there.  The curry curiously had a strong carrot and tomato paste taste, unlike any Japanese curry.  At the end, I had to ask the waitress, is the chef Japanese?Like all foods made with instant condiments, or chemicals, it actually "tastes" pretty good.  I do not have any evidence that their food didn't go through long hours of preparation so if I have offended anyone, particularly owner or chef, I do apologize.  But I do challenge that in the tradition of a good ol' bowl of ramen, the convenience of offering customers, hey if you think it's too light we have stuff to make it heavier, or if too heavy, we have stuff to thin it down, etc perhaps is too wishy washy.  Take a stance on Ramen Sora's take of what a shio ramen should taste like and present us with That.
5	I decided to stop by here after a friend of mine said that someone from Ichiza said this place was better than... well, better than the ramen house that seems to have started a new ramen trend in this town.  As the long time (until recently) duke, they've set a gold standard for me, and so for the purposes of this review, I will be calling them "the other ramen place".  You all know what I'm talking about anyway.  This review is a comparison review.  Sorry, but it's the only way I know to review a ramen joint at this time, and Ramen Sora holds it's own!The building is a lot more spacious than the other ramen place.  It's more comfortable.    There's also not a 15 minute wait.  In this case, that's a good thing.  Like the other ramen place, service is fast, friendly, and professional.I ordered the spicy miso with extra chashu.  The broth was very flavorful!  Much more savory than the other ramen place.  A lot less salty.  The spiciness had only a little kick (I eat a lot of very hot Thai food though), but it was enough to give a well rounded flavor to this thick, tasty broth.  If you have a problem with the salt levels of the other ramen place, this might be your go to restaurant.  The noodles were better, I thought.  They were thicker, and "meatier".  Very well prepared.  The chashu was tender as if it had been soaking in broth all day.  It fell apart in my chopsticks.  Yum.  The chashu slices were a little thicker than the other ramen place, although perhaps not quite as tender.  I may dare to say that the overall quality of the ingredients is a little higher here than the other ramen place.  It definitely has a more bold flavor profile, at least in the miso.  I love both places, really, which should say a lot about Ramen Sora.  The bottom line here is that Ramen Sora has added a new flavor to this town, and it is worth while to check out.  It may not become your favorite ramen house in town, but I think it is definitely a great addition.  Thank you, Ramen Sora!
4	Consistently outstanding Sapporo ramen 5200 miles from the source! (If it doesn't sound far think of it as a minimum of two layovers and 16 hours flying.  Bam!)Sora is simplicity at its best:- One bowl of perfectly cooked, slightly chewy ramen.- Two choices of  flavorful broth (salt or miso).- Three topping combinations:  basic (excellent chashu, soft boiled egg, and veg), Sapporo  (basic plus butter and corn),  or "American"  (basic with three times more chashu and/or nori).  - Like it spicy?  Add a Thai garlic chili paste.- Sides?  OK fried rice, OK chashu bits on rice, OK curry on rice, Good but oily gyoza. (NO TONKATSU)Efficient service.  It's Japanese fast food after all.Pushing the limit for Vegas cheap eats at around $9.00 a bowl but well worth it for the quality and uniqueness.  Try it soon.  It might not be so great when its 110 outside.
4	Just ate here tonight.  Was pretty good.  I will admit, I'm more a fan of hakata style ramen, so I'm not too eager to go back, but I'm rating this for what it is.  The only reason it lost a star was that their gyoza wasn't too great.  Not bad, and pretty well priced, but I've had many a plate of superior gyoza.That said, the pork was very flavorful, the soup was very rich, the menma added some very nice flavor, the waitresses were courteous and refilled my water very quickly.  If you're a fan of ramen, definitely give them your business, but be warned, this is northern style, so it could be a bit rich for you like it was for me.  That said, I'll definitely be back to have my friends try it, they just still haven't stolen the number one spot in my heart from monta...  Well, the number 2 spot, number 1 is ramen stadium back in hakata.
4	After trying out Monta, I was eager to see how Ramen Sora compared. The restaurant is more modern and there is no bar seating where you can watch them cook. The ramen style was completely different from what we had at Monta, but not bad. We had the deluxe sora ramen with miso and the corn butter ramen with shio. The noodles are much thicker and chewier than Monta's and the miso was more complicated and heavily seasoned. The shio was clear and light. They're good at what they do, and this would be a fine alternative if I wanted something different.
5	Having never been a big fan of that other ramen place in town that everyone seems to love, I was excited to have another option open up just down the street. It took  me a while to get there after they opened, but it was definitely worth the wait. We came in around 7 on a Friday and the parking lot was packed. Luckily the restaurant has a good layout and there was plenty of seating. We were greeted warmly, seated and our drink orders were taken swiftly. I ordered the spicy miso ramen. For an extra dollar you get 50% more ramen, so that decision was a no-brainer. The food came out quickly and upon first taste I practically did a happy dance. The broth was perfectly seasoned. The flavors were well-developed, flavorful and had juts the right spice level. The noodles were the perfect texture and I slurped my meal happily.Service was solid. Our drinks were refilled regularly and the servers were extremely attentive, always asking if we needed anything else. Definitely a five star experience. I can't wait to go back again soon.
4	I am happy that there is another ramen option other than the more busy Monta Ramen in the Chinatown area.  I've been a couple times and the broth isn't as intense as Monta Ramen.  The noodles seem thicker, which is good for me because I like thick and chewy noodles.  The chashu is just as tasty and fatty-licious.Would you say I like Sora Ramen more?  I would just say it's different.  Like comparing apples and oranges and like comparing ramen from different areas in Japan.Conclusion:  Delicious Ramen.  Give it a try.
4	On our last trip to Vegas after a bad hangover me and the girls wanted some good dim sum and a resident friend of ours suggested Chang's in Chinatown but that place blew so we then wanted ramen and the same person who suggested Chang's also suggest Ramen Sora which is also located in Chinatown. Parking is right in the back with a huge lot! Thankfully when we came in the place wasn't to crowded, we waited only a few minutes for a table. The workers greeted us upon walking in. As much as I love ramen I just couldn't eat a lot so I shared a bowl with a girlfriend. We got the spicy miso ramen but extra spicy. The noodles are on the thicker side which is what I like, and the broth was so delicious and nothing to oily for my recovering stomach. It came with ground meat and boiled egg. The prices here are reasonable and they do give a good amount of serving. I'm definitely coming back here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	We came in for a late lunch and I must say this place is very clean, great service and definitely great ramen!  It's our first time so we don't really know what we're ordering and definitely don't understand the menu...(a small description on the menu would be nice for first timers like us) but the waitress was very patient and nice explaining the menu to us - i was goin to give this place a 4 star because i cant understand the menu  but because of the nice waitress - that put the 5th star on the rating!  We ate every noodle and slurped our bowls clean!  We are pleasantly full and cannot wait to come back!  Wow Ramen Sora - I'm impressed!!!
4	Decided to try this place with my boss based on yelp reviews. He also is a ramen fan. It was very good. Nice selection of ramen. I think this place is better than "the other ramen place down the street." Sora had more space to sit and plus did not have to wait 1 hour! Prices are very reasonable. I had the miso ramen and it was tasty and not salty at all. I would definitely go back if I ever crave ramen again.  The gyoza is tasty too!
5	This is my favorite place to go to. Delicious affordable food and the staff is great!
5	Holy crap, how long has this place been open? and already that many yelp reviews?? geez!!I go here with my girlfriend pretty much monthly (I occasionally get it for lunch because its so close to my work).  I get the miso ramen with extra noodles :), its very good.  I really like the look of the inside also!They don't have there liquor license yet so no beer yet, once they do this place will be super popular on friday nights :).
5	So good!
5	Just ate here and it great
4	I was in the mood for ramen, so we came here to get my ramen fix.  This is our second time here and it was good as usual.  I had the Deluxe Ramen.... and my wife had their special Tonkotsu ramen.  She enjoyed it although there wasn't very much ramen in the bowl.  I ordered extra ramen (large) and although the bowl was quite big, there wasn't all that much ramen inside. The flavour of the ramen soup was quite good.  Will return again whenever I have the urge for some authentic Japanese ramen.
5	Having been a frequent and consistently recurring customer of Monta for the past year I hate to say it, but another Ramen spot has stolen my heart... Ramen Sora! Not only do the offer 50% more ramen for ONLY $1 more, but their broth is outstanding! Made from a combination of pork broth and miso it is truly a pork lovers dream, which I am! Rich, salty, thick and hearty... perfect for rainy day or anytime a ramen craving hits. Watch out Monta... Ramen Sora is taking over!!!
3	First off I would like to say to all of the other Yelpers out there, please stop comparing this place to Monta, just because they both serve ramen doesn't make them the same, it's like comparing northern Italian food to southern Italian food, they're just different.Ramen Sora serves Sapporo style ramen, which is a little thicker and chewier, but I like it, it feels a little more substantial.  They have two main broths, a shio (salt) or a miso based one.  The miso broth is a little thicker, but tastes really good, especially with the pork and veggies.  The shio broth is much lighter, both in color and flavor, but as the waitress described it, it's perfect for summer.  The pork was delicious, and they don't skimp on the serving size either which is nice.I got the deluxe bowl which pretty much comes with everything, which was a plus and minus for my first time.  I discovered that I do not care for nori in my ramen, as I didn't like how it's flavor paired with the pork.  I also thought that the hard boiled egg I had in my soup was slightly overdone, but that could just be a preference of mine.I also got the gyoza, and just so everyone knows, it takes 8 minutes to cook, so order when you sit down or you'll end up getting them after your meal.  The gyoza were fine, crispy on one side, with a very nice dipping sauce.  They give you a ready made dipping sauce, but you can also make your own if you like.On the whole, a very pleasant and somewhat inexpensive lunch experience.
5	Is it Chasiu or is it Charsiu? Many people for generations have wondered. Watch this video in the link. It will explain everything about Charsiu/Chasiu. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo8Abj0neHYThere are 3 restaurants in Las Vegas that specialize specifically in Ramen. First, is the long reigning Monta Noodle house which prides itself on being an oldschool traditional Ramen house. 2nd, is Anime Ramen which is a very happening hangout for teenagers and college kids. 3rd is the brand new Ramen Sora. The thing I will admit about Ramen Sora is that it has the best customer service out of the three. And all three have excellent customer service, so it shows you how much more effort the workers at SORA put into their job. All 3 major Ramen houses have barely anything in common. The menu isn't very similar and the taste of the Ramen has absolutely nothing in common.  One of the only things they all have in common is that all 3 places hand craft their noodles daily. And, that's why it tastes so firm and fresh.The Charsiu here is triple the thickness of Monta and Anime. But, they use a totally different style of Charsiu. Traditional Ramen Charsiu is cooked by rolling up the belly portion of pork into a wooden log and steaming it with soy sauce. That's why it falls apart so easily. SORA uses the same cut of pork but cooks and slices it in a different method.They give a free egg, instead of charging extra like Monta does. And they don't charge extra for butter. Like respected Yelper "Jen G" pointed out, the Ramen here is packed beyond capacity with butter. It will shorten your life, but butter makes Ramen taste exceptionally great. That's a plus. The broth of the Miso Ramen tastes very similar to Santouka. Apparently, this is the common taste of Sapporo style Ramen. But, unlike Santouka, the broth here is far more higher quality and more ingredients are added for flavor. For those who don't know, Santouka is that giant chain of Ramen houses that have locations all over Japan. Our good friend Alex S says he likes SORA better than Monta because SORA doesn't have Non-Japanese Asian customers. I didn't know that Non-Japanese Asians weren't allowed to eat Ramen? And he was pissed off that one of the servers appears to be of Chinese descent. Hey Alex, everyone respects you for your knowledge of Japanese cuisine and we all know that you are a current citizen of Japan but, if Filipinos, Chinese, and Koreans didn't come to SORA, this place would quickly go out of business. There is only a little over 1 million Japanese-Americans still left in the United States, and most of them do not live in Las Vegas. Full blooded Japanese-Americans are one of the smallest minority groups in America, and are very rare to just find. According to the 2010 census there was only around 5000 Japanese-Americans in Las Vegas(and many are only half Japanese). I am sure that the Japanese owners of these restaurants have the complete opposite attitude as you, and actually love the fact that non-Japanese people come to support their business. Also, be happy that the server wasn't Japanese and that  most Japanese-Americans don't have to work difficult min-wage restaurant jobs, and instead work as corporate business executives, lawyers, doctors, and engineers here in America.  It's also worth noting that Miso Ramen was invented in the island of Hokkaido. So, you absolutely must order one of the Miso Ramen variations when you eat at SORA. Why? Because SORA is a Sapporo style Ramen house, and Sapporo is the capital city of Hokkaido. In conclusion, SORA easily is one of the best Ramen houses in Las Vegas. But, we are still left not knowing if it's Charsiu or Chasiu.
4	Just a day off with the bestie and we decided on ramen.  When I think of ramen I have to admit I think of instant ramen I make at home with my own toppings and such.  First off, it looks like a big heaping bowl, like you can't finish it.  But you can, and you will, and it's amazing.  They are still in the beginning of their journey, this restaurant, so it wasn't a full bar or anything but it was so good I didn't need a beer or wine.
5	This place is amazing. To many of you who compare this to Monta, I believe this place is great in its own way. Monta and Sora are two completely different kinds of ramen. So understand that before comparing them. I prefer Ramen Sora because of the selection.  And honestly, the ramen here is tastier flavor wise.
5	The overall quality of their ramen is great!  The broth is rich and incredibly flavorful, the pork is nicely smoked and roasted to perfection with minimal fat; however, their fat was like butter, and their noodles were korean style which I preferred.  These guys are always friendly and prove excellent service, the food is consistent in quality and taste, and they don't rush you to eat.  The atmosphere is small but open, unlike monta.  It's quiet enough where you can have a nice conversation.  I would recommend this ramen house to any of my friends or family wanting to try something different and delicious.  Gyoza was awesome too!!!!
4	The mini chasiu bowl was a little bit of heaven! I had the miso ramen which was amazing..the broth was perfect, the noodles were thick and the chasiu melts in your mouth. One minor complaint is that the tamago was overdone. My only comparison with Monta, since I read that the two places shouldn't be compared food-wise, is that Sora is much roomier and there was no wait. We will be back!
4	I'm always in searching for the best tonkotsu ramen in the states.  Since I'm in Vegas for the weekend, why not try Ramen Sora.  I had  the chasiu miso ramen.  Maybe I was still hung over, but I thought the broth was too salty ( and I love SALTY).  However, the pork belly, half soft-broiled egg, and the noodle was delicious. Definitely recommend this place.
4	Originally we were going to hit up another ramen spot in the area but the line was KRAZY! Then my friend mentioned a new spot they had heard of so we went to check it out. Small place but quality of the food was good. Small selection but hey its ramen you cant expect s crazy selection anyway. Good quality stuff and always hits the spot. I usually get the deluxe miso. Good size bowl for a decent price. The service is always fast and on point. The noodles to me are on the of the best in town that ive found. If our looking for a ramen shop to hit your ramen cravings hit this place up, cant do you wrong. Try to keep the size of the group small is its not a huge place.
5	To me this is what good ramen is! Absolutely love the portion sizes and the taste of their miso broth. I will usually get a regular sized bowl and then another one to go before I leave so I can have some later that night =D. I know, I'm a fatty.
4	Nice to have a ramen shop other than Monta! Good product but the chashyu was cold in the middle...
4	Good ramen place with super friendly staff. I like the simplicty of the menu with 3 different broths, good portion size and its reasonable priced. Definetly will be going back this establishment.
4	Finally made it in for lunch.  We were absolutely shocked when we arrived at 1:15 on a Tuesday afternoon and we had to write our names down on the wait list.  Holy ramen! The secret is apparently out!  We were sat after about 10 minutes.  The service is abrupt, and not too friendly but efficient!  As expected.  We shared an order of gyoza ($3.75)  They were extra delicious.  Piping hot and served with a delightful dipping sauce.I had the spicy miso ramen.  It wasn't very spicy but it was very good.  The broth is unctuous and flavorful.  Hubby got the spicy shio ramen and was much more taken with mine.  It's a large portion that will fill any belly.  It comes topped with green onion, half an egg, a slice of pork belly and ground pork.  The noodles maintain a good chew to them.  We were very full when we left.  Bill was $22.  The joint is cute and clean and parking is a breeze.  I would definitely go again. And soon!
4	Purpose of visit: had a hankering for ramen and was told this was the place to go. We ordered the miso ramen. It was supposed to be spicy. Didn't find it that spicy at all but still very flavorful. Tomago was decent and the pork slices in the soup were tender. The key was the fresh made ramen which was very good. Definitely come back for a quick lunch. Place is relatively small so could be a wait during peak hours.
5	Supertastyamazing! Had the spicy miso ramen (don't fear the spice, its very mild), and my fave the mini chashu (sp?) - love the mini $2.50 portion. Its pretty filling, btw. They created the ramen to-go-kit for me, and notified that for health reasons, the egg would not be coming with the to-go kit. Was fine. What a super tasty meal! It really was incredible. I am fighting a cold, so the soup broth really helped me. I'd go back just for the soup, no noodles (although they were good, too).
4	Not a bad ramen place to try. So try it if you haven't! The people there are friendly and the ramen is pretty good.
4	"Large, low sodium miso, chasu ramen with corn and extra chasu". That is the order that won't fail you! The large is only  $1 extra with 50% more noodles. It's pretty darn big, but I'll take it home and eat the leftovers for lunch the next day. I prefer this place to the one down the street...you know the one that starts with 'm" and ends with "a".Why? Glad you asked:-free standing restaurant with it's own parking-much bigger, roomier seating area...no reason to feel up the stranger sitting next to you(unless that's your thing)-never a long wait...and usually none at all-there are different serving sizes you can choose from...not one size fits all!-the miso ramen broth is simmered overnight and is ridiculously creamy and tasty-the NOODLES are Sapporo style and are cooked al dente. Perfect noodles for ramen!-the gyoza is hands down better--just go already!
3	Finally we tried Sora...and I haven't decided on whether I will be returning, when I seem to have much happier memories of enjoying the bowl of miso ramen at Monta.  I got the Miso ramen and I did enjoy the nice braised pork belly and the perfectly cooked half of an egg.  The noodle was a bit chewy for my taste, but my bf seem to enjoy it.  We  both didn't enjoy the bamboo shoots in the broth.  It kind of killed the flavor of the broth for us.  I still don't know if I will return so it's an A-OK for now.
3	Ramen Sora is a solid ramen store, but with Monta right down the street, there is no comparison.  I came to Ramen Sora starving one night with my roommate and fellow ramen connoisseur Andrew N.  We were in search of some filling ramen.  We both got the Deluxe Sora Ramen with Shio broth.  We both found the broth to be a little bland and not as flavorful as we expected it to.  To be fair there is a note at the bottom of the menu that clearly states to ask for the Shio concentrate if you want more flavor.  But why shouldn't the original broth have enough flavor to begin with?  The toppings were plentiful, there were three pieces of pork a soft boiled egg and plenty of veggies.  I wish that there were more soup broths to choose from like a Tonkatsu or pork flavor or even a Shoyu flavor.  I also wish I could add in some corn without having to order the corn butter ramen.  One more thing, $10 for a deluxe bowl of ramen that wasn't that big?  I killed that bowl... imagine what damage a big dude could do.  Over priced for the amount and quality.Overall a good meal but if you want ramen go to Monta for the real deal.  Sorry Ramen Sora.
4	I finally decided too check out Ramen Sora instead of my normal go to Monta. In one of those wanted too try something new or mix it up. I had the miso ramen was very good. The broth had nice flavor too it and noodles cooked just right. Honest overall still rank Monta as the only place too go ramen in Vegas. Not that Ramen Sora is bad I will still go back feel like mixing it up or if Monta wait is too long. I love my gyoza with my ramen (tradition two together) and not notice it on the menu here plus no one compete with Monta gyoza anyway. They do have charzuka (sure spelled it wrong) bowl which I ordered like my side dish. The meat was very tasty seared on top bed of rice in small bowl. The waitstaff is very friendly, courtesy, and greet you right when you walk in plus throughout your meal. The restaurant not very big I though Monta was small but this place might be just as small. The parking can be hassle depending time you go. Only ten or so stalls around the back of the restaurant then you would need too park on the streets. Overall miso ramen was winner but still have too place Monta above but whenever need get ramen fix sure Ramen Sora on my list!
5	I read about it on Yelp and tried it a few months ago and LOVE it! My favorite type of ramen is Sapporo style (miso) with corn and butter. I was happy to find they specialize in Sappro style! I ordered miso with corn and butter. It comes in three sizes and was really delicious! I also ordered the gyoza and mini chasu curry bowl. Such great prices for them as well. This is now my new go to place for ramen- since it is the best tasting miso ramen I've found in Vegas, I have never had to wait on a table, they're fast, the prices rock, and so does the service.
5	Excellent ramen...great flavor, not as salty as Monta ramen. I particularly love the thicker ramen noodles cooked to al dente. The killer spicy miso ramen is delicious and super spicy! Water was always filled and filled about 4 times...place is small, but service is great. Highly recommended
4	I'm ashamed.........I cheated on Monta....  The original plan was to go to Monta for lunch but after seeing a group of people waiting outside in the 100 + degree weather, I went with plan B and headed to Ramen Sora.  Up until this point I had been reluctant because I didn't want to end up dreaming about Monta while eating at another location.  The decor is simple but definitely more spacious than Monta.  The broth is made of pork bones and comes in miso, shio (salt), shoyu flavors.  The miso broth is the most popular and the deluxe ramen and spicy miso ramen are the fan favorites according to the waitress.  I decided to try the miso ramen with extra charsiu.  Beware....all meat lovers....you must order extra charsiu or else you will only get one piece of pork unless you order the deluxe ramen.  Ramen Sora only has one ramen noodle option versus Monta which has the thinner and thicker noodles.  The noodles at Ramen Sora are similar to the thicker/curly noodles at Monta.  When the bowl arrived I was still a little hesitant and wary....but first taste of the broth I was pleasantly surprised by the rich pork flavor of the broth with a hint of sweetness from the miso.  The pork was adequate, definitely leaner cut compared to the version at Monta....but a little too salty in my opinion.  Since, I am a fatty at heart, I like the extremely tender pork pieces at Monta...the tenderness may be due to higher fat content =) Bonus is that Ramen Sora comes with an egg, without having to pay extra.  Overall, I would say broth and noodles are comparable at the two locations, definitely a difference in flavor but both are very good.  However, I still prefer the pork at Monta.  But I will definitely be back...especially if I don't have to wait in a long line =)
5	Ramen really isn't my thing typically, but when my girl insisted we check this place out, I obliged. The service was friendly and efficient. The ramen was tasty and perfectly warm and filling. Adding pork and extra noodle is the way to go. This meal actually made my day and I look forward to coming here again soon.
5	Ramen here is delightfully delish.  All broths are good.  Pork belly and gyoza on the side,  even more  yummy for my tummy:)
4	I liked the ramen here at Ramen Sora, but it didn't blow me away like the ramen at Monta did. The flavors were distinctive and the ingredients seemed fresh and properly prepared. The flavors didn't seem to have some of the delicacy that I got at Monta.I got the spicy miso ramen and it actually wasn't that spicy. But I could get it again and if I lived in Las Vegas I could see myself eating here regularly.
4	Same old Vegas, same old story of recovery. Needless to say we came here on a Sunday to enjoy a soupy dish to cure our hangovers. Unfortunately, there is a point of hungover-ness that cannot be cured, no matter the cure you end up choosing. This was one of those days. I ordered the deluxe ramen, which came loaded with half an egg, chasu, and seaweed. I was able to eat maybe 25% of it tops, but that was enough for me to make a worthwhile evaluation. The broth is excellent, extremely fatty and much more flavorful than other ramen establishments that I have tried. The chasu was fatty as well but the meat was not as lean as some places that I have had in LA. The soft boiled egg was indeed soft boiled which is good, but it was was still cold and not heated up yet from the soup so that could be improved.Overall I would definitely come to try this place again when I am capable of finishing an entire bowl.
5	This place is officially my favorite ramen spot. PERIOD. For a multitude of reasons...1) Most importantly, I like my food spicy. I don't mean "spicy-tuna-roll-spicy"... I'm talkin' fiery hot, but the flavor has to be there too. It can't taste like those atomic hot wings tossed in chemical-like hot sauces. Ohhh ramen sora, thank you for having the PERFECT idea of spicy :). The killer spicy ramen is my dream come true broth. 2) I enjoy variety. The mini chasu curry bowl and an order of gyoza are perfect side dishes to ramen. They also provide a great list of toppings for ramen (extra chasu, corn, etc). 3) Ramen is NOT supposed to be expensive! Honestly, it can be just a tad cheaper but compared to most spots in Vegas, this place is the most reasonable. :)4) Friendly workers. The service is always fantastic. I never see the bottom of my water, and trust me this is very important when you're enjoying a super-sized killer spicy ramen. Most Asian restaurants tend to neglect glasses of water and we are forced to wave down a waiter for a refill. Not Ramen Sora, they're on top of their game! 5) Space. I didn't really want to compare Ramen Sora to Monta too much, but man, Monta really does need to expand for customer convenience. You won't have as much problem getting a table/seats at Ramen Sora. 6) THE RAMEN HERE IS JUST PLAIN FANTASTIC. Great broth, amazing noodles cooked to perfection (not too soggy and just a tad thicker than Monta's), and several options for the broth: shio, shoyu, miso. Flavor reminds me of my favorite ramen spots in NYC, which says a lot. In conclusion, THANK YOU Ramen Sora for being present in Vegas, and so conveniently located as well ;) I only wish you'd offer delivery...
5	The best ramen in town! No Ramen,No life,
4	Very good ramen ... definitely will come back for more! =D
5	There is only one thing better than dancing naked in the rain while listening to depeche mode enjoy the silence CD; and it is having some good Ramen.Despite the fact that my favorite miso is Monta's I cant give less than 5 stars to Sora because of its authenticity, service, portions, flavor and awesomeness. It is very hard to find something that tells you. 100% JDM , but sora does it. With its full of flavor broths ,high quality chashu , and Gyoza. this Ramen house is a must.The place is big enough so you dont have to wait, and now that all the hipsters have tried it, there is no long wait, actually I only waited once and it was about 2 minutes.I did their super spicy miso and it was amazing. So much flavor and an perfect punch of hotness uppercut me like Ryu or Ken on street fighter. It was simply marvelous
4	Like you've probably read from a few other reviewers, Monta is usually the spot to be for ramen. Well, it was. I'm a believer in Sora now.Don't get me wrong, Monta is not a bad place. It's a matter of personal preference. Sora and Monta have different style noodles and different broths. Generally speaking, Sora has more choices, combinations, and a larger menu for non-ramen items. It's also delicious. Even the atmosphere feels a little more Japanese than you'd expect. It's quite nice.One last thing - their chopsticks are brilliant. They are textured on the ends so you can get a hold of noodles better! Genius.
5	I'm a total ramen snob. Actually, not snob but, GomaTei (in Hawaii) Elitest. My friends and I always joke about that cuz GT is our favorite and everything else sucks in comparison.I tried Monta cuz I followed the crowd and wasn't pleased with their salty broth...so, when I came here, I was set on not liking it. Waiter was really nice and patient with my "are you sure this isn't salty" comments. lolHe recommended the shio (least salty) broth; and since I like spicy, I added that to the mix. My BF had spicy broth with spicy meat. First taste was a true pleasant one =)Broth was spicy enough to my liking and NOT SALTY ----- YAYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!Noodles were soft but, not too soft. Which is, also, to my liking.Needless to say, I drank up alot of the broth...and had the BF kill the rest of my noodles.Waiter asked if the broth was good and I just smiled and thanked him with a fat tip.It aint GomaTei but, I'm still beyond excited to have a ramen spot in Vegas to call my own.
3	Ate here earlier this week and ordered a shio ramen with corn. I love ramen but this place didn't impress me. It's just alright. Have had better ramen in Japan and Mitsuwa marketplace. I don't really like the soupbase. I prefer tonkotsu soup base. It's not bad but nothing special either. I prefer monta ramen over ramen sora.
5	Excellent service. Very plesant. Ordered the deluxe with super size.. so far best ramen i tried in las vegas. Atmosphere is very relaxing..
5	My FAVORITE Ramen shop in West coast =D hands down. So Ramen  has many different style, but 2 basic soup base, one been tonkotsu (thick creamy pork broth) and chicken clear base. Sora dose the clear broth perfect, their soup is not too thin and not too thick, and when it comes to ramen, i love perfect clear broth. Mota dose the tonkotsu base fairly well, but my personal reference, i like the Sora soup. Noodle is thicker than what i like but their noodle is thick "chijire" (means wiggly and not straight) and gose really well w. the soup. service is quck and loved that they serve tea at the end. I will keep going back here when i'm in vegas
4	Good ramen here! I got the miso ramen with extra spicy meat. It also came with a slice of pork. It's very filling and the noodles are nice and soft. The broth is amazing. Too bad though they don't offer side plates of kimchee fried rice like Monta, but it still satisfies the ramen craving! The service is excellent as well! They are very attentive, friendly, and casual with you.
4	Service was super quick and the ramen was great, some of the best I've ever had. Definitely will return for more of the spicy miso goodness!
4	The gf and I were exploring the Chinatown area.  We'd had our banh mi appetizer and decided to find some ramen for our lunch main course.  Once again, we referenced our Yelp iPhone app and two names seemed to be head and shoulders above the competition, Monta Ramen and Ramen Sora, based on the sage advice of Misti Y, Janel S, and Yuhi K.  We made our way up W. Spring Mountain and Ramen Sora became our default choice since it was a shorter walk from Mr. Sandwich. Ramen Sora doesn't look like much from the outside or inside with its dive-ish exterior and generic furnishings, but it definitely sounds like a Japanese ramen shop with the shouted greeting "Irrasshaimase!" as you enter the place and the slurping of noodles and broth.  The menu is pretty straightforward with descriptive photos of items offered.  While the Spicy Miso Ramen sounded intriguing, I went with the regular Miso Ramen with Chashu ($9) since I had recently had a similar bowl of miso ramen at ramen shop in DC from which to base a comparison with Ramen Sora's.   Three thick slices of pork belly rested atop a bed of nicely cooked noodles, which were bathed in a generously-sized bowl filled with flavorful, but not too salty, miso broth.  The broth was a bit greasy, but it was a result of the fatty pork belly, and not a detractor from the overall bowl.  Ramen Sora's Miso Ramen with Chashu was not quite as good as the bowl I had at DC's Toki Underground (http://www.yelp.com/biz/toki-underground-washington#hrid:J5z59CPghtxPxofmaWWhdw/src:self.), but it was appreciably less expensive and offered incredible value!  Ramen Sora really delivered!  Next time, I'll have to try the Spicy Miso Ramen.
4	First things first: I feel like I must weigh in on the age old (okay 6 month old) debate of Monta or Sora?   I.... I....  I'm giving it a tie.   Boooooooooooo!Yeah, I can't call it.  Decided to finally visit Sora this past Friday and had been extremely intrigued by all the yelpers who prefer Sora over Monta and vice versa.  I actually convinced myself that Sora probably had better Ramen because even though I love Monta's version, I've sort of gotten bored of it and find myself ordering the Pork Belly Bowl more often.   Decided to go with the Spicy Miso bowl and was also fortunate enough to be able to try the Shoyu Ramen as well.  I really liked the noodles at Sora, moreso than Monta as I felt they were more al dente than what I've had at Monta which is what I prefer.  The pork and egg gave me the same pleasurable dining experience that I get from Monta.   As for the broth, in the beginning I actually thought it was a little bland, even after I tried to mix it all up.   With each bite, it became better and better and by the end of my bowl, I felt it had a lot of depth.   The next time I go I actually think I'm going to hold off a few minutes before digging right in as difficult as that will be to do.   The longer those ingredients, and in particular the spicy ground pork, stew in the broth, the better.  I think overall I found it to be as enjoyable as my favorite broth at Monta, the tonkatsu.I also tried some of the Shoyu broth and actually wasn't impressed with it.   I thought it tasted fairly thin and not nearly as flavorful as Monta's version. I do need to explore their side offerings some more before trying to break this tie, but for now it is what it is.   To the owners of Monta and Sora: I accept bribes (to the Yelp Elite Council:  just kidding)
4	the spicy miso is delicious!
5	When it comes to Ramen in Las Vegas I've read all the reviews for the 3 main places. But I held off on trying any because in the back of my mind ramen is the stuff you find in styrofoam cups or bricks of dried noodles wrapped in cellophane. Ramen Sora is not that kind of Ramen at all. Not even close. Ramen Sora is pushing it distance wise for my lunch choices, but I went anyway. (Gotta love Desert Inn - Super Arterials equal SPEED so getting past Las Vegas Blvd is not an issue!) The place is very clean, even a peek through the door into the kitchen showed it to be almost spotless. Service was fast, friendly, and most importantly very helpful. I can't recall everything I ordered, Green Tea, a side plate with eggs, Charsiu, and other yummy stuff, and a bowl of Miso Ramen. I have to say I'm typically NOT a pork fan. But when it comes to Charsiu...OMG I have never had anything like this before. Tender, easily pulled apart with chopsticks, and with a flavor I have rarely associated with pork in the past. Charsiu is incredible, more like mind blowing and it certainly adjusted my mindset on pork and how it can be prepared. But as good as the Charsiu was, the bowl of Miso Ramen was beyond incredible. Ok, I admit I didn't eat the egg they put in it, but that's the only thing I didn't eat as this was one of the most flavorful dishes I've had in a very long time. I can't really describe the complexity except to say I have never sat down with a noodle type dish before and finished with a smile from ear to ear because it was so damn good. Until now. I have a new found understanding on what true Ramen is, and how great it is. And I thank everyone who has taken the time to post on Yelp for helping point me towards one of the more incredible food experiences I've had to date since moving to Las Vegas. I will be back, I will bring others, and yes, this place is as awesome as others have said. 5 Stars, without any question or hesitation. TRY IT!
5	This place freaking rocks. I love the simple decor inside. I was craving spicy food and this definitely hit the spot. I got the killer spicy miso ramen super-sized. It was so rich and spicy, I cannot wait to try all the other sides and soups.
4	I like them better than Monta, there I said it. Lately, Monta's been serving up some really salty broth, so my family and I needed to find another place for our ramen fix. Thank goodness Ramen Sora opened. I love their chewy noodles and the broth: for some may be flavorless, but to me it's not overpowering. My only gripe is their chashu, it's a little thin and it falls apart quickly (this is where Monta wins). So far so good. I'll have to come back when the weather gets colder to update my opinion on this place. Hopefully it doesn't disappoint.
5	This is my new ramen place! Sorry monta, the waiting and the flavors are getting old.. What can I say, the ramen is good, my face is the shoyu, they have super spicy ramen too, but the char siu pork bowl is the main reason I keep coming back for more! They don't advertise it on the menu but you can supersize that baby! Prices are very reasonable here too and the place is much bigger than monta! Definitely give this place a try!
5	122 Degrees outside in the desert and I still want hot steaming ramen.Came to Las Vegas a couple times to visit a friend, and after having Ramen Sora the first time, I made it a point to have it 3 more.   So much awesomeness.  Best ramen I've ever had, and it's 4 hours away from me!  Booo.They have all 4 types of soup base, although shoyu is my favorite.  They describe, in detail, the cooking process to the perfect base.  Time honored traditions and 10 minutes later, the best ramen EVER.I can't wait to hit Vegas again, hopefully in the winter though!This fine establishment does not serve alcohol, unfortunately.
3	I wanted to love you Ramen Sora. But in the end, I am not sure I feel about you.You walk in and get this amazing welcome. The place was definately smaller than I thought. I mean I know it's a small building, I just thought they would have had more chairs and tables inside.I have been wanting to try this place since it first opened and I finally did one day during my lunch break. I arrived shortly after opening time and it was quiet but boy oh boy did that place fill up very quickly.I ordered the spicy hot soup (can't remember the name)  with shoyu broth but very similar to the deluxe. I added bean sprouts to my soup and also ordered the gyoza.My Ramen was just okay. I don't know if it was the reviews that I read that let me down or if I am a Ramen snob. Either way, it was just okay. The broth was good, flavorful, the noodles were neither here nor there for me. The noodles I was not a fan of. I love a good chew to my noodle but these just didn't work for me.The pork belly in my soup was so tender and good though. The seaweed I wanted more but refused to pay $1.00 for 3 sheets. My egg could have been cooked less but needless to say, I love egg in my Ramen so not too much of a gripe for me.The gyoza however, hands down some of the best I have ever had in my life. Simply put: they were cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful on the inside. I felt like I won the jackpot with this dish.Would  I go back? Yes, why not. I would love to try their miso broth and I gotta go back for the gyoza. But I am not in a big rush to return.
5	To me, this place is just as good as Monta. I have no idea why people get so crazy about Monta. I mean it is good but Sora is just as good if not better. My gf is from Japan and she approves this message.
4	I've been wanting to try this place but since the other ramen place had overly salty broth the last two times, I got turned off eating ramen all together. There was a odd day of constant rain and cool temps in this blister which needed to be celebrated with some soup. Made for a perfect excuse to have something warming.I grabbed up a miso ramen and the BF went for spicy ramen and on the recommendation of the server for a "lighter" broth got shoyu base. The miso was savory and buttery (has some oil floaties, but enough to be a deterrent) and not overtly salty. I really like that it comes with a soft boiled soy egg, the thicker rustic roast style cut of chashu was tender and the ramen was rightfully chewy. This is a bit different from the traditional Sapporo toppings I'm used to as it normally has corn, bean sprouts, pork, and garlic. I suppose I could add those toppings next time. I took a taste of the BFs shoyu spicy broth and it was fairly good. Still a bit porky, but much lighter since it isn't creamy like the miso and the spicy crept up to a medium burn. We got a mini chashu bowl to share. It was much smokier than the chashu in the soup so it seems they throw it on the grill before serving and top with a drizzle of sweet soy so it's a different experience. I like this preparation. I wish they offer some vinegar as a side condiment as the little bit of acid would be nice with the sweet. We came within the last hour of being open so I figured that's why service is quick, but hope that it soup comes out that fast regularly. Our server was friendly and didn't make us feel rushed. I definitely prefer this over the other ramen place. Somehow my BF got it in his head he doesn't like ramen so even though I like it, it may be a trek I make again alone.
4	Another good Ramen shop in Vegas!  I love it.As many have mentioned, Ramen Sora is on a par with Monta Ramen.  The shop is easy to find and is spacious... though part of this spaciousness comes not from the actual square footage of the shop, but because the interrior is designed in such a way that there is considerable open (and wasted space in the middle.One thing that Monta had going for it is the variety if menu items other than Ramen, like Cha-han (fried rice), etc. But when it comes to Ramen, I think that Ramen Sora rises above Monta.My wife and I went on a Monday afternoon, around 2 pm. There was no long wait list, though by 2:40 pm, there was 4 or 5 groups waiting for seats. Once seated, and order taken, the food came out quickly. I ordered the signature Deluxe Sora Ramen, Miso flavor, and my wife had the Shoyu Ramen.What I think sets Sora above Monta for me is the broth.  The broth at Sora is not too salty, gentle, yet complex flavor. My tonkotsu miso broth had very gentle flavors, with almost a peanutty aroma. I was able to finish the whole broth without feeling it being too salty. My wife's Shoyu broth was the same way. You could taste the pork bone broth, hint of shoyu, a bit of sweetness and some herbs.  Very nice.  I find Monta's broth to be too salty at times.The tonkotsu broth at Sora is on the very light (not thick) kind which is very refreshing.The noodle is medium thick wavy noodle with sufficient chweyness.  I give it a 10 out of 10.The cha-shu is melt in your mouth tender, though this is where I felt a bit excess of saltiness. Still very very good.We also had the gyoza which is very good also. Tender filling, lots of juice, and again, not too salty... in fact you could really taste the sweetness... All in all I think that Sora may be my new favorite ramen shop in Vegas.
5	My favorite ramen here!! NO.1 in VegasAuthentic japanese ramen :)Chashuu was soft and yummy, soup is perfect.I wanna go 3 times a week!
5	I'm officially a traitor....Ramen Sora has won my heart and I have forsaken Monta.  I went back to Monta once since eating at Sora...and the soup just seemed lack luster.  The broth didn't seem as rich and thick as Sora's....although the pork is still good there...the pieces of pork at Sora are bigger.  Bigger is always better =P.  Each time at Sora has been consistently good, versus at Monta sometimes the broth is too salty, sometimes it is too watery.  I've also noticed at Monta, there has been a shift in the kitchen staff....not all of them are Japanese anymore....
5	This is the real deal - absolutely authentic Japanese Ramen in a very traditional atmosphere.There is little i can add to the discussion except to say that having enjoyed Ramen throughout Japan, at Ramen Sora the experience is delightful and you will not be disappointed.
5	Killer Spicy Ramen,  now that I've found you, I don't think I can ever let you go. Staff is friendly, the food comes out quick, and it's just so damn tasty! I've only really had the miso killer spicy ramen here; I keep meaning to try the other broths, but the miso's so good that I just keep going back to it. The mini pork and chasu curry bowls are really good too. Parking is a bit iffy, but I've never actually had a prob getting a spot, so I don't really care. I'd love to see their drink menu expanded though. Soda's and canned teas, that's about it.
4	I've been station in Southern Japan for about 3 years. Didnt really appreciated my duty station nor the host country as much as i should have but Ramen is one thing you could count on when you just squandered your paycheck at the bar and you're tired of eating at the mess hall.I remember my first time at a Ramen house in Hiroshima...From the outside looking in through a foreigner's eyes what caught me was the wax display bowls of noodles through some glass. It looked good enough and i was hungry as hell so why not. I dont remember the name of the place, most likely because i cant read nor do i understand Japanese but the wax bowls was good enough. Ordering was a bit of a pain as i had to leave my seat, walk with the waitress over to the display and point at what i wanted but when it came out...WOW. The broth was rich i mean REALLY rich, the noodles were firm and chewy and slices of pork were perfect. Perfect both in taste and meat to fat ratio.Ramen Sora doesnt exactly replicate the same taste or sensations but then again how could i expect them to? The perfect replication of New York style pizza has to go as far as it analyze NY tap water and recreate it to even begin to mimic the crust. Do I expect Ramen Sora to hire a bunch of scientists to cough up an exact mineral analysis of Japanese tap water in order to recreate authentic ramen in Las Vegas? Well yes but when that comes i wont complain about paying over 20 dollars for a bowl.Long story short, compared to other ramen houses which i will not name (completely dedicated to ramen not 'oh look they have ramen on the menu even though they specialize in Japanese import auto repairs'), Ramen Sora is as close as i'm gonna get without going back to Japan. Compared to what i remember of authentic Japanese Ramen, Sora is a bit on the bland side but their menu choices as well as optional sides well make up for it. The pork they use is so damn close it's almost scary to me.So far i've had the Miso broth and it was damn good if not a little bland due to personal preference, and that didnt stop me from devouring the entire bowl.I would definitely go back to try out the other broths and HIGHLY recommend this place as well as return to in the winter when it gets colder.
4	As good as ramen in Hawaii, a high complement, and congratulations on getting you liqueur license, I had the second beer you served.
5	If it's over 100 degrees outside, and I still look forward to eating at Ramen Sora, then I think that says a lot.  This is by far my favorite ramen to date; I love the Sapporo style ramen they serve here, with it's rich flavor and chewy, al dente noodles.  Having tried a few other spots in Vegas, as well as spot in LA and San Francisco, Ramen Sora remains my favorite!The pork is always tender and flavorful.  Eggs are always cooked perfectly.  Plenty of topping combinations are available, but I usually go for the Nori Ramen; you're pretty much getting a Deluxe Bowl minus the extra pork for $1.50 less.  The miso broth is my favorite, and offers very rich flavors.  Not too salty, just rich.  Rich like Bruce Wayne going on a yacht with the entire Russian ballet.  The miso at other places is rich like Bruce Wayne doing the Batdance with Miranda Tate on the floor of a giant mansion with no electricity...it could be better.  Are those references even accurate?  I don't know.  But I do know that you should give Ramen Sora a try, even if you are already devoted to another ramen shop in town.
4	it was a pretty hot day for ramen, but I can't help it because I was really excited to try out Ramen Sora. Wanting to try their spiciest ramen but not yer build up enough courage and settle for spicy ramen with shoyu broth, ordered side of gyoza and an iced green tea to make it a meal.The noodle was cooked perfectly, their pork was tender, and best part has to be the boiling egg that to me was cooked just right, tender on the outside with a runny yellow... my mouth water just writing about this..I had try out other ramen joint, and ramen sora will be one of my top choice.. so if ur ever in vegas, craving for a ramen, even on a scorching hot day, go to ramen sora and have yourself a bowl..until my next trip..
3	When it comes to food, I never pretend to know something about cuisines that I was only introduced to a few years ago - or at least I let people know that up front when I write a review about it.That being said, Ramen Sora has good ramen - at least I think it is good. The noodles definitely have a unique flavor that I have not run across before. I ate the whole bowl, so I must have liked it.However, maybe I was spoiled by Monta down the street, because I was bummed to find they had so few choices of add-ins like chili oil or pickled ginger. While I will admit that I really liked the food, I don't expect that his will be where I find myself when I drive down to Chinatown for ramen.
5	Authentic ramen....the fried rice and gyoza on the side were perfect compliments!
4	I was told about Ramen Sora by some friends that this ramen was better than Momta's.  I am a BIG fan of Monta so I had to see for myself.   I went to check it out with three coworkers.I had the spicy miso ramen with green onions and a mini curry bowl.  Two of my co- workers also went with the spicy miso.  One tried the Nori miso.Overall I would say that the spicy miso was right there with Monta's.  In retrospect, I should have ordered a normal miso to make a better comparison.  Overall I would say that Ramen Sora is right there with Monta.
4	Went here for lunch recently.  I did not have to wait for a table and they brought out my ramen within 6 minutes! I took away a star because my chashu was cold and I had to let it sit in the soup to warm up.
5	Just ate here and it was so damn good. I couldn't get over the Charsu.. it was so buttery soft and delicious. You must eat here if you are in Vegas.
5	3 different soup bases; I went with the Miso.3 different sizes; regular, large, super size, I went with the super sizeLoads of extra toppings; I always get an extra egg, and if I am really hungry, extra bamboo and chasu (pork), I just chose the extra egg (Tamago).My bowl doesn't look that much bigger than a regular or large, but don't underestimate the size as they fill it up with lots and lots of noodles and broth. I went with the spicy ramen which isn't super spicy but still held a nice kick, for the really spicy go-getters, they have killer spicy.Great service, restaurant isn't extraordinarily big, but they accommodated 12 of us no problem.
5	Got the Spicy Shoyu Ramen which had robust flavor and perfectly hit the spot. I have to say in a comparison, Ramen Sora is probably #1 on my list of Japanese noodle houses right now. Will definitely be back!
4	Well done. Tasty miso ramen (spicy). And great service too!
4	Close comparison to monta Ramen bigger servings and more broth with more selections. The place is definitely bigger than Monta Ramen each has a unique take on Ramen noodles and each are good. We just had Sora Ramen on the weekend although they do need to get more servers for the place since its packed all the time, Packed meaning its really good :). Otherwise what they lack in service they more than make up for it in quality and price. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants Ramen.
4	Probably the best ramen that I've had in Las Vegas. The broth is made from a base added to a pork bone broth that the brew for hours & hours. You can get a variety of different soups.I like the charsiu ramen with killer spicy meat and corn. That was perfectly spicy. The heat tends to come with what tasted like Thai chilies. Obviously not something I thought I'd find in a traditional Japanese dish, however, it was good & I LOVE Thai chilies, so no complaints here. The noodles had a nice bite to them. And the pork was rather tender and savory.The service was friendly and accommodating to my rowdy yet fun group of friends. We left them a very nice tip for their troubles, because we did feel they earned it. I think most of the guys wanna make this the "last stop before skipping town" on Vegas trips from now on. Great after a night of partying.
5	I like this place more than Monta. It has the perfect portion for my liking, and not too expensive. I always get the cahsu ramen with miso soup. The food comes out fast and service is average. But the food makes up for it. And I never had to wait for a table, I think only once because it was a big party of 8.
4	Such good ramen! The service was excellent, and Sora has a couple of advantages over Monta: 1) A larger dining room, which results in not having to wait around outside for a table 2) a wider variety of available add ins. Don't get me wrong, Monta is great, but in my opinion Ramen Sora is better.
4	This location had several restaurants already in the past few years which closed down, hopefully, Ramen Sora is here to stay. I tried the Killer Spicy Miso Noodle, it was so good and really spicy! I think I drank 2 glasses of water coz of this but it's worth it.   My only con was it had a lot of raw green onion since I am not a fan of it. My bf had the regular shoyu noodles and it was also very tasty. We will be back!
4	I had to stop by and check this place out. I LOVE ramen and I heard that Ramen Sora was even better than Monta. Since Monta is my favorite, I had to see for myself.I ordered the Shoyu ramen, my favorite. Trust me, I was very tempted by their spicy options but in order to truly compare the two noodle shops, I had to go for the classic. I really liked it! It was a little saltier than the broth at Monta and the noodles were thick and chewy. I was fine with these things, but I must admit, I would still pick Monta as my first choice. Don't get me wrong, I will be back to Sora. I guess it just depends on which of the two I'm craving since they're different. They have a couple of dessert options, so with my sweet tooth, this is a definite plus. They have mango mochi and Kurogoma Dango. I didn't get to try either one on this trip, but I shall try one next time.I liked the fact that Sora's dining room is spacious and not quite as busy as Monta's. Service was fast and everyone was very nice. I'll definitely be back. I must try their spicy soup!
2	Since they serve Sappora Style noodle, I thought I should get shio ramen.  Big mistake. Pretty terrible. Why I can't find decent ramen places in Vegas? I don't wanna pay 17 bucks for a ramen at Ippudo in New York, but we need quality noodle in Vegas. Well, my rating doesn't do justice because I haven't try other kind. I will rewrite when I get back there. See if I like it better than Monta, tho, Monta isn't that great either.
4	Hubby and I went there to widen our Ramen-horizon. Until then, all we had tried was the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen from Ramen Monta and since we loved that one, it really was hard to go somewhere else for something different. And "different" was the word that describes the Miso based ramen we tried. This was my first miso ramen and I ordered it spicy. What I didn't know was that spicy meant "spicy meat"? Unfortunately, I found out that I didn't like the spicy meat flavor so much. I thought it overwhelmed or spoiled the actual miso flavor a little and it felt a little like eating spaghetti bolognese - but what do I know, right? Plus, it didn't really add extra spice - side note: hubby and I are both crazy spicy food eaters, so that could be why.But I'm learning something new almost everyday when it comes to Japanese food and now I feel like every restaurant makes this dish a little different. I need some Ramen education for dummies or Ramen 101 to learn about all the different kinds. I think so far I like the pork based broth the best but it is also only one of the two I have tried so far.
4	Always very excellent noodles especially their chaasu meat. friendly staff.
5	On a chilly snowy day in Vegas, (yes, we do have more seasons than 100 degree summers!), nothing is more prefect than a warm bowl of ramen.It's difficult to avoid comparing this place to Monta but Ramen Sora stole first place as my favorite ramen joint. Ramen Sora is bigger than Monta which means more seating and less wait times. We went on a Saturday evening around 6 and barely beat the rush. The menu is pretty basic - when it comes to ramen they had items I've never heard of like Corn Butter Ramen so I was too scared to try it. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and upgraded to a large for $1 more. My husband got the regular sized Miso Ramen. (Tip: You will definitely want to upgrade to a large!)My husband and I argued over whose broth was better. I loved my Shoyu and he loved the Miso. I can't pretend to be a ramen connoisseur but I know the broth wasn't too salty and was full of flavor. The ramen was perfectly cooked. I enjoyed all the accompaniments like bamboo shoots, seaweed and especially the egg.Service was good and friendly. After the dinner rush though, we had to flag someone to get our bill. I saw a "now hiring" sign so its good to know they're going to resolve that issue. This place is only going to get even busier now that its sweater weather!
4	I finally had the chance to eat at Ramen Sora with some friends after talking about it for quite a while.  What better time to have some hot noodles than when it's frickin' 48 degrees outside?  We arrived around 5:30pm tonight (Sunday) and sat right down--so nice to not have to wait, like at that other place.  Our waitress was prompt about getting our drink orders and helpful with explaining the differences between the miso, shoyu, and shio ramen.  I opted for the corn butter shoyu ramen and it sure hit the spot on a cold night.  I've been to Monta twice, but after eating here, I think I like Ramen Sora better.  Service was attentive and friendly throughout and the space is not cramped.  As the weather gets colder, I'm sure I'll be here often, slurping away and keeping warm.  Arigato!
5	delish! best morning after meal esp on a chilly vegas day. the place can easily be missed unless you're looking for it. standalone on a busy street, with a small parking lot, the inside is even smaller with a few large tables. the wait staff is very nice and attentive.ordered the miso ramen with corn. flavors were good, noodles were perfect. only note was that it came with only one piece of chashu where other places at least give you two. good thing i didnt care for meat that day as the noodles and soup base was juuust right.
4	This is a great ramen place in Las Vegas Chinatown. If you're a fan of ramen and have a craving while in Vegas, go here!
4	I am no longer a virgin, a ramen virgin that is! Yay! My pal Heather introduced me to Ramen Sora and I was so delighted with my dish. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen and upgraded to a large for $1 more. Mmmm yum I started my bowl off by tasting the broth first and it was very flavorful indeed! I enjoyed the ramen which was thicker than I had imagined and quite tasty as well. I really wanted more broth as I could have eaten a bowl of just that alone it was so tasty and flavorful! I really liked the egg, green onion, seaweed and tender pork strip mixed in it was delicious and savory.I enjoyed my cold can of Oolong tea which went perfect with my bowl of ramen! This was a cozy dining experience and we were able to take our time and eat slow to enjoy some great conversation and tasty ramen!I am happy to have had this experience and will be back to romance the ramen!
4	I was sick and congested and wanted my cure-all for any illness: pho.  But my husband suggested ramen. What? No, I don't want a 30 cent cup of salt from Albertsons! I'm sick; take care of me!  Little did I know he was talking about real ramen, of which I had no knowledge.We arrived around 8 and surprisingly there was a wait, but it wasn't too long. When we were seated, the waitress immediately asked what we wanted. I hadn't even looked at the menu yet!  I guess most people here are regulars and know what they want.I decided on the deluxe ramen so I could try a little bit of everything. I got the miso base and my husband got the shio base.  One bite and it was like fireworks went off and angels starting singing! Ramen may be taking over pho as my favorite soup da loop.The miso base is slightly creamy with such a flavorful burst.  It's everything I want pho to be after I add fish sauce, hoisin sauce, and soy....but I didn't have to add anything.  The pork in it fell apart like butter, the noodles were chewy, and the egg was a nice surprise that I was slightly wary of but ended up loving.  The shio base that my husband got reminded me of egg drop soup.  Less flavorful if you wanted to taste the meat more.  But what I really loved (and this is so stupid!) were the utensils! No cheap break apart chop sticks, no, there is a container of real chopsticks that are so pointy that they were the easiest chopsticks I've ever used.  The spoons have a lip so that the spoon doesn't fall in your soup and it has a notch near the spoon for resting on the bowl so you dont have to put it on the table.  Don't ask me why that impressed me so much.I took off one star because of the service. Along with the immediate wanting to order, we had to hunt someone down for a water refill and our check after waiting a long time.
5	This is my go to ramen place in Las Vegas. Over the many times that I have dined here, I have tried most of the ramens here. My favorite being the spicy miso. The broth is always flavorful. The spicy miso is not overly spicy. It has a nice bite to it. The chashu is not as melt in your mouth/bowl as Monta's but it isn't the main draw for me. The noodles are perfect with their slight chewiness and the nitamago yolk as always deliciously creamy.Definitely my favorite of the ramen restaurants in town.
5	Finally visited Ramen Sora for the first time. I went after work around 11:40am. Since I had just left work I felt like taking something home. I didn't want to take the Ramen home because wanted my Ramen experience to be in the Ramen Sora restaurant the next time around. So ordered the large pork chashu bowl and the Kurodoma Dango to go. The staff was very nice and my food didn't take long. When I got home to eat the pork chashu bowl was so good as well as the dango!! I really have to visit Ramen Sora again to try the ramen. I sort of kicked myself now for not staying in to try the ramen when I was there.
3	I must of caught them on a bad day or something?  I see everyone giving them a lot of stars, but I'm only giving 3 stars.  Basically there are four flavors, miso, shio, shoyu, and killer spicy.  I ordered  the miso ramen, the deluxe I think.  The broth, was not salty, but wasn't as hot-temperature wise, too. The noodles are the thicker type noodles.  The deluxe has a slice of a boiled egg, three pieces of nori, 3 pieces of chashu, and green onions.  I found two small slices of bamboo so that was the only veggies I could dig up. I asked if they had other veggies and the waiter said they basically didn't have any.  Ok? At least get kimchee or bok Choy or sprouts, idk, something.  Also ordered the gyoza. it's only three pieces, just your average gyoza.It wasn't completely horrible, but perhaps not as impressive as the other reviewers made it to be.  I still plan to come back to give it another try.
5	I LOVED the spicy miso ramen here! Now I normally don't like eating Ramen at a restaurant, but the ramen here was delicious!The broth is very flavorful and they also give a pretty decent amount of noodles. The pork was a little fatty, but thats ok.My only complaint would be the wait! I think the restaurant could definitely make better use of the space and add more tables.
5	I had never been to Japan.... therefore I can't compare how they do it in Japan.  However, compare to what I had in LA area, I have to say.... This is the best ramen I had so far! I order shio soup base and it is just right, not salty or greasy.  The ramen is great, not over cooked.  The best is their chashu..... OMG, it is just PERFECT! (Yeah, I went there two days in the roll!). Even their curry is better then the curry house in LA (curry house is a little salty for my taste.) Only bad part about this place..... Service is a little slow.
5	Finally I've found a ramen that is actually spicy. I've been searching for so long and everybody claims this is spicy but it not. The label on the menu said try if you dare and I did and it was amazing. Spicy but not to spicy for me. This is a must try when you go here. The fried rice was also very yummy.
4	If you like spice and can handle HOT ontop of spicy.. you must order the killer spicey ramen w/ miso..it was very good!! i cant wait to go back and try the other ramen, and their curry.
5	Came back again for the deluxe Miso with extra nori and killer spicy meat. The charsiu wasn't as soft as it was the last time, but still hella good. Definitely my go to Ramen joint in Vegas.... yes, more so than Monta.
1	This review is based on SERVICE alone, or lack there of...We came in with a large party of 10.  It is hard to get seated in smaller places like this, so that is why we shy'd away from Monta (which is even smaller) my favorite in town.  I knew it would be an issue beforehand, but we were willing to wait.We were told 30min for our table....no problem.  Should be worth the wait, so we said we would wait outside, and wrote down our cell number on the list.  There were 10 of us...so we could not and would not just stand in front of the doorway, since others were also waiting for a table, and it was a huge congested area.  But that means we waited OUTSIDE in the cold....but still would rather do that, then be in eveyone's way with the 10 of us.We came in 25min on the dot, 5min before the estimated time.  They said they gave our table away since they called our name, and no one answered.  We asked why they didn't stick their head out the door and ask for us...we asked why they didn't call the number we wrote on the board.  There were also other parties waiting outside, so I am sure they got skipped too.They said it would be another 30min+ to get a table..since we would be put back on the bottom of the list.  I had to leave on principal alone.  Sucks because I really wanted to try this place...and was almost willing to wait an extra 30min, but the rest of my party had a sour taste after they did this to us.Maybe I will come back when there is only 2-3 of us...but just be weary if you have to wait...stay inside because they won't call, and they won't yell your name outside.
5	"I've had my fair shares of so-so ramen. Sora ramen does not only have the best ramen but it gives honor to its origins Sapporo,Japan. Try the miso ramen with corn and butter its to die for!"
5	My absolute favorite ramen place in town the ultimate spicy is friggin awesome.
5	This is probably the best ramen I've ever had in my life, but don't take that too seriously as I've only eaten at a total of three ramen-ya in my life, not counting the 19-cent packages from the grocery store.  The first time I came here almost a year ago, it was forgettable. I don't remember liking it or hating it. But I tried it again a week ago and it was Fan-effin-tastic.  I was blown away.My friend and I tried to go to Monta for lunch, but the line was crazy-long so we hurried over to Sora.  There was a line here as well, but not as long.  We waited 30 minutes and finally got seated.  I have to say, the servers and hostesses are impressive the way they turn the tables over.  They are quick and do not waste a single minute getting people in and out of there, and yet we never felt rushed.  We both ordered the spicy ramen with shoyu broth. I added nigori and extra chashu.  The flavors were amazing.  I could not believe how much I loved this bowl of ramen.  I've alway been a huge fan of Monta but I'm afraid to say I will probably never go back to Monta after having eaten this bowl of delicious spicy ramen.
3	There is a small menu here so it'd easy to choose from. The most popular item was the spicy ramen so that's what we got. The noddles were really chew just how I like it but the broth was a little to salty. Also not good for big parties more than 5 because we had 11 and we had to split up and eat at different times
5	Oh how my opinions have changed. Over the past 6 months or so, I'm finding myself craving Sora over Monta. I must have had a bad bowl the first time I dined here because every bowl after that has been ramen perfection.As always, I continue to order only the miso ramen. Shoyu just doesn't do it for me. The miso broth here is rich and flavorful. And that creaminess that I used to get at Monta is no more and has found itself in my bowl of Sora Ramen noodles. The noodles here are special too as they are thicker and chewier than those skinny, limp noodles elsewhere. If you generally prefer an al dente noodle, these will be right up your alley.After living in Vegas my whole life, I've come to appreciate the fast life. And by fast life, I mean little to no wait-times. In the 24/7 city, things are done in the moment. And when you're stomach is about it eat itself after a long day of work, you want a quick bite to eat--not a 40-minute wait to eat 15 minutes worth of food. Sora has a relatively large, spacious dining room which allows them to serve more people in shorter time. Summation: Little to no wait times.Location  |  Not that this should be a huge factor considering its only 1 block closer to the strip... But Sora is 1 block closer to the strip. If you're coming down Spring Mountain, a bowl of noodles at Sora is 2 minutes closer to you than Monta. Just saying.Battle of the Ramen(s) has officially come to a close and I'm pleased to say Sora is #1.
5	Just like when I was in Japan. So delicious.
5	FINALLY got to Ramen Sora last week before we went down to the strip for a getaway.  My one and only negative to mention is that they are so popular that even during off times, you'll likely have quite a wait.  We went midweek, well after lunch hours, and still had about a 30 min wait for 2 of us to be seated.  That won't stop me from going back, because I now understand COMPLETELY why people line up inside and outside!  :)The food lived up to all the hype and I found myself craving it again within hours.  We started with gyoza and found them to be some of the best we've had.  I had the Miso Ramen and hubby had the Spicy Miso.  Both of us really loved the broth!  The noodles are amazing and the pork is spoon tender.  I was a bit unsure about the egg, but found that it added wonderful flavor.  Who woulda thunk?  The "regular" sized bowls are FILLING and way big enough for both hubby and I.  The table service is super friendly and FAST!All in all, if we didn't live so freakin' far away, we'd be there 3-4 times a week!  As it is, we're determined to be back at least 1-2 a month.  Long live, Ramen Sora!!!
5	I love ramen. I just wanted to get that out there. This place is really good. I don't think I need to say much other than that. Although the two big names in ramen in Vegas is this place and Monta. I do tend to go to Monta more but I eat here more. The reason for that is Monta is always packed and I never have trouble getting seated in Ramen Sora.
3	For $7.50 it's a great value.  This is my first time here & I had the Miso ramen.  It was very salty and I had to ask for water to tone it down.  The ramen was nothing special but the pork slice included was tender and tastes good.
5	Delicious!Simple menu selection, great flavors, good price, good location, and parking available.  I was craving ramen in Vegas, so we decided to look it up on Yelp.  I'm glad that we found this place.  It'll be one of the restaurants I'd return to when I visit Vegas.  I had to come back a second time before I had to go back to Hawaii.
3	FOREVER WAIT! Waited 2hours just to get a bowl of ramen.. I'd rethink on going again. The taste is very authentic and it has decent amount of ramen inside the bowl.
5	3 words: Deluxe Sora Ramen (Miso)It is everything you ever wanted in a Ramen bowl: creamy miso broth, thick slices of pork that is tender enough to break apart with your chopsticks, 1/2 an egg, green onion, and 3 pieces of seaweed.As soon as I tasted the broth I was in Miso creamy broth heaven.  Taste was on point; not too salty, but salty enough for salty lovers like myself.  Pork melted in my mouth as I ate the 3 generous helpings, and the seaweed was a beautiful compliment to the bowl.  The noodles here are cooked the correct consistency, and not starchy to taste at all!  Loved every inch of my bowl!I felt I needed more green in my meal so I ordered a side of perfectly salted Edamame.So far, this place beats out super salty with over priced add-ins at Monta Ramen, and super bland and shady on the meat on super starchy noodles at Anime.
3	In comparison to the many Ramen joints I have had, this one definitely fell short.  The best I can say is it was still good for what it was.  I would not turn down a bowl here if I had no other choice.  I still enjoyed it for the most part.  One positive is they do offer various flavored broths.  Secondly, they offer cheap ($2-3) mini rice bowls that you typically see at Ramen joints.  You can order that as a side item to compliment your slurping meal.  Third, there are various toppings like corn that you can add as an extra cost.Usually when I try a place for the first time, I always attempt the classic flavors so that it serves as a basis for comparing to other places.  So I elected for the chashu bowl in shio style (salt).  Unlike my favorite places, the flavor was not as "popping."  When you eat Ramen, the broth has to shine.  I would say it was mediocre at best.  The noodles themselves was also different from what I'm use to.  A positive note however is the sliced chashu pork was pretty good!  The mini rice bowls I got to try were the grilled pork and grilled pork with curry.  Both tasted very good and easily finishable if you are hungry.  There was a wait for my group but it was not terrible.  The joint is kind of small.  The service was pretty friendly and attentive.  Also, they yell like real Japanese.  Arrigato Sora for a 3-star experience!
2	I had Ramen Sora for the first time last night and I was not impressed. We only came here because I wanted to taste it so I could compare it to all the other ramen joints and also because we figured it would have the least amount of wait time out of all ramen places.. We still had to wait about 20-30 minutes.. Even though there were tables available. We had an order of gyoza and the deluxe miso ramen & deluxe shio ramen.. The gyoza was not good to me it had a weird almost iodine taste to it.. The miso broth was nice.. very deep and creamy..way better than any other miso broth I've tasted.. also I did like the chashu.. very melt in your mouth good and they don't skimp out on it in their deluxe ramen..  I liked the chewy consistency of the noodles but personally, I am more of a fan of thinner noodles.. My ramen also had that same weird taste to it.. I think it was the taste of the menma.. So I must not like the taste of their bamboo... & The tamago didn't really have any seasoned taste to it..The service was not good at all.. Our waitress never checked up on us.. She never even refilled my water. BOO!So as of now Ramen Sora is at the bottom of my list~ Sorry SORA, My cousin's name is Sora, HAHA but you need to step up your game. ;pppIf I come back here I will probably get the miso ramen with no menma & no tamago but with extra chashu and hopefully the service will be better~!!!
4	This is place has good ramen in yummy broth and a price that doesn't hurt the wallet lol. The side's you can order were tasty and small, perfect to have along with ramen. The seared cha-su was really good!Came here on the weekend, with a  big group of friends, no probelm getting a table a 6:00.Things picked up after 6:30, it got really busy! Its a small but cozy spot, parking is small and a little tight.
4	This place is yummy! I always order Miso Ramen and extra Chasu! Service is great and the atmosphere is really nice too.
5	best ramen i've had. i always order their chasu miso ramen, but have also tried the extra spicy and deluxe. i have only tried their miso broth because its so good.  the miso broth is very flavorful and comes out hot, their pork is thick cut and break apart in ur chopstick tender and the noodles are delicious, a great texture. definitely a regular here. better than monta, anime ramen, or anywhere i've eaten in the bay area, hawaii, etc. nothing can compare! Im sitting at home craving it right now but can't have it yet because they're not open for another 4 hours!
4	Not too many choices of ramen out in city of sin.  But this one is definitely a good one.  I got the miso ramen.  Chashu was delicious and the base wasn't too salty.  One of my favorite things about this place is that serve Suntory High Balls.  What's a Suntory High Ball?  It's a whiskey mixed drink in a can.  I drank this non stop in Japan during my last visit.  Refreshing yet inebriating at the same time.  I have not seen this drink anywhere else in LA or in Vegas.  The service was good.  The servers were really nice and might I add... very pretty
5	PORK BELLY RAMEN! I get the DELUXE SORA RAMEN with SHIO broth. It has everything you want in it, pork belly, egg, seaweed, bamboo! I am PICKY about my pork belly ramen because no place can compare to a ramen shop from back home... but Ramen Sora is GOOD. I would definitely come back here to meet my pork belly ramen needs!
5	Ramen is all the rage, and new Ramen-only restaurants seem to be popping up every month now in Vegas. Ramen Sora is the benchmark of this resurgence of Ramen. It is no longer just the dry brick of fried noodles you try to cram into your hotel room coffee maker.I'll just go ahead and say it: Monta Ramen is salty. I never finish their broth, and I feel like I need to eat their noodles just to counter the salt and the odd viscosity of their soup base (too thick). Just like Pho Kim Long, Monta Ramen is the celebrity chef/critic favorite for what seems to be no valid reason. Maybe they pay their PR agencies the best - I don't know. It's 'cool' to like Monta Ramen. Well that sucks, because Ramen Sora is King. And Monta Ramen is that mean Prince who tries to trick the good Prince but ends up dying in the end trying to do so, and the crowd cheers!At Ramen Sora I get the Nori Miso Ramen every time (w/Large Size upgrade for +$1.) There are times when I polish off 2/3rds of the broth before slurping a single noodle. It's that good. The noodles are great, but the broth is the star. Red stars unite, we have a clear Ramen winner in this town.
5	I know everyone has there favorite ramen spot in vegas (we only have like 3-4 to choose from...LOL!), but I think Ramen Sora is the best in Vegas.  I think the broth is perfectly flavored, noodles are nice and a little chewy, and the pork and veggies are great.  The best thing for me is that the soup comes out piping hot.  I know everyone has there own opinion, but Ramen Sora is my spot for ramen in Vegas.
5	this place serves VERY Flavorful Ramen. The menu is very simple. the staff is very nice. The Char Siu is the BEST! i think its the BEST Ramen in town.
4	I've been eating a lot of ramen these days and Ramen Sora is just one of the places that I happened to check out. I've been there twice so far, but this review is a reflection of my most recent visit.We arrived on a Sunday evening and the restaurant was not full at all.  There were plenty of empty and cleared tables available.  However, they insisted that we write our name down and wait.  A few more parties arrived after us and they were also instructed to write their name down on the growing list.  (Hmmm...why can't they just seat us?  Don't they see that we have a toddler in hand who is attempting to touch all the business cards and paper junk they have at the front register while we wait?  We could entertain him a lot better if we were seated!)  I could only assume it's because they are understaffed.  Are they hiring?  If not, they should be.When we were finally seated, putting our order in takes a good while too.  Be prepared to wait!  But when you do get your order in, it comes out super fast!  So, that's definitely a plus!We ordered the Nori Ramen - Miso ($8.50) and the Butter Corn Ramen - Shio ($9.00) and upgraded the latter to the larger size ($1.00).  We thought the ramen was fine, although the Husband preferred the broth at another ramen joint we had just visited the day before out of state.On our first visit, we also tried the Mini Pork Chashu Bowl ($2.85).  It's a cute little tiny bowl that is very kid-size friendly or an add-on to your ramen bowl.3.5 stars
5	We love to eat ramen here!
4	I'm no Ramen pro by any means.  In fact, I've only had Ramen a handful of times elsewhere and was told that real Ramen is only found in Chinatown.  So, here we go. I originally thought that I haven't been here before.  It wasn't until I looked at their menu and used their restroom that I realized I have been here before.  My previous experience was before I started Yelping and don't remember anything negative.  So, I will consider this my first visit.  Met here with a couple of Yelp friends (Terri R. Chad S. and Nelson S.). Also met up with some new friends that Terri R. originally invited here.  My first thought before I dive into my Ramen taste test...I better ask a pro.  So naturally, I seeked out the advice from fellow Yelper Tetsuro P.  Tetsuro didn't hesitate and was willing to give me suggestions.  He, along with another Yelper Angela T, suggested that I stick with just their Miso and avoid their Shoyu and Shio.  I took his suggestions and I wasn't disappointed. I ended up ordering a large Ramen Miso (minus the meat), added seaweed, and two extra eggs. Only reason for the extra eggs was to compensate for the meat/protein that I had taken out.  I got their large and even though it was ginormous, I was still able to finish it because it was so good.  The Ramen itself went down smooth and also had a soft or creamy texture to it. I think this may be due to the miso broth. I didn't need to add anything else to my Ramen because I felt that it tasted good as is.  Service at this joint was at point.  There was a total of 7 of us and we all came in different times.  Because of this, our orders were not taken until all of us were present.  Overall, I think 4 stars is fair only because I really don't have anyone to compare to.  After my Yelp Check In, a gang of other Yelpers gave me suggestions on what to order and where else I should go.  I thank you all, especially to Tetsuro P. for his detailed suggestions.
5	My friend and I often have a restaurant-off, where we'll pick a type of food and whoever finds the better restaurant wins.Our latest challenge was Ramen, and I'm happy to report that I won with the help of Ramen Sora. He said it couldn't be done. He said there is no better Ramen in Las Vegas than Monta Ramen. I proved him wrong.This place is fantastic. There are no words to describe how perfect the ramen is, every time. The noodles are not too firm, not too soft. The broth is expertly prepared to just the right flavor. The meat is so tender, it falls apart with a gentle tug of your chopsticks. Who could ask for anything more?The service here is also top notch. Your soup comes out fast and just how you order it, every time. The servers are friendly and happy to explain the different types of Ramen to you if you're a first timer. I told my server I like spicy, but don't like ground meat (which is what makes their spicy Ramen bowl spicy). My bowl came out with a side of chili sauce so I could flavor it to my liking.The only downside is this place is so good, it can get crowded fast. But, it's worth the wait for the yummy yummy Ramen.
4	First visit, I ordered the regular shio ramen, and my friend the spicy miso ramen. Mine was pretty good, but I honestly liked the spicy ramen better, since I like the kick to it. Second visit, I ordered the spicy killer ramen out of curiosity. I have very high tolerance for spicy food, and this gave me a nice challenge. I finally finished all the noodles with like 5 cups of water, but the leftover soup was too good to go to waste, so I took it home and ate it with rice. It was that good.I really wish that they have something in between the killer and regular spicy ramen though, the middle would give the best flavor. I would definitely come back when I get a chance to.
3	Well not my favorite ramen place in china town. But I have to say it was nice and not as crowded as some ramen places. So the atmosphere was more Japanese dining with a ethnic flavor to the place. I did enjoy the staff and atmosphere but the ramen did lack something I couldn't put my finger on.  So the ramen is sub par but if you dont mind a little lacking of flavor and no lines this is the place for you.
5	Ok so i have been to: shuseki, Monta Ramen, Anime Ramen, Ichiza, Oronchu ramen in LA another place deemed the best in San Diego none of them even come close to this place. Their ramen is hands down the best for me, everyone that I have brought there has always left saying the same thing, I just hope they don't get busier because of this awesome post :) i love it there. This is my configuration there: Large Miso Menma ramen with bean sprouts and curry in the bowl, you will love this configuration. Also need to have a large Kirin beer there nom nom nom....
5	Excellent Ramen, much more enjoyable than Monta.  Friendly staff, fast service.  Broth was richer and tastier than Monta while being less salty, and the squarish (cross-section) curly noodles I found much better than the round, straight noodles at Monta.I am a ramen enthusiast...my ramen quest has taken me all over the SF Bay area and every city I visit, and this would easily make it into the top 10. Maybe even top 5.  Not quite at the same level as Ramen Dojo (San Mateo) or Orenchi (Santa Clara) but much better than I expected to find in Vegas.Kudos Sora!
3	Perfect authentic japanese ramen place a little ways off the strip. Service is relatively quick, but the place tends to get busy. You know a place is good and worth it if the locals are eating there. I will be back again very soon!I ordered the miso ramen which was a good portion size.The only negatives were probably the gyoza and the fried rice. Not bad, but nothing spectacular. I expected a bit more from them, as it is a small Ma and Pa restaurant.
5	This is by far best ramen I have had in Vegas! My favorite on the menu would have to be the Chashu Ramen with corn in Miso base soup. The texture of the noodle is just right, not to soft or hard. The slices of pork do not have a huge chunk of fat on them which is more appetizing to the eye. As for the soup, it isn't oily or have some fat floating (due to the slices of the pork) in it like some other places have it in town.The menu isn't that big, but they have different items to fulfill everyone's craving. If you want normal favored miso to extreme spicy, they got it!  The pricing for the items on the menu are also pretty reasonable.I would recommend this place to anyone that wants a great bowl of ramen!
4	Ok, so I know my first review was harsh...but I was mad at the time.  Maybe I should remove it...but maybe not. Anyways...Finally got around to giving Sora another try!  We had a much smaller party, and came during the day, so getting an immediate table was easy.  (This was my issue last time around).Started off with some pork on rice :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#VkgcZaYqSkhBws2i-R_dnAAnd then ordered their Deluxe Sora Ramen at a $10 price tag...it was a little spendy, but there was a large portion sitting in front of me, and lots of pork and goodies inside.  It was very good...noodles a little thicker and broth a little saltier, but good nonetheless.  Probably my second favorite in town so far :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#7kcOrxTs-DRWz0CllfQHDwAlso ordered the EXTRA spicy ramen....and it was HOT!  They don't hold back...it was delicious, but it was spicy!It is really hard to compare ramen vs ramen since they have different ways of creating the magic inside your bowl, but since it is essentially similar overall, this is my 2nd favorite of the "big three" in town.I'll be back!  /Arnold Schwarzenegger
4	This was good stuff. I must say I am a bigger Pho fan than Ramen but this was excellent. I had the spicy Miso and it was memorable. I love overall flavor and it was perfect for lunch. I will try some others and see hwo they are as well! I will be back!!
2	Monta has this place beat. I tried the Menma Ramen (bamboo shoots) with the shoyu broth. For starters, the broth is super salty. My brother had the spicy ramen and the salt level on that was much more tolerable. We both agreed that the noodles left much to be desired as they reminded me of Hawaiian saimin. Also, the waitresses there were unfriendly and unhelpful. I'd rather stand in line at Monta than go here again ...
4	I bounce back and forth between a few different ramen places for...well...the difference in ramen.  We have a couple of choices here, and I re discovered Ramen Sora by default because of the wait at Monta and a rather hungry and impatient friend. Glad we did. Noodles were cooked perfectly, not as salty, more options, and the spicy miso is something that I think Will become one of those dishes you sit at home about craving. The place itself is... Well needs a spacial designer.  It's a horrible set up with not enough tables and a lot of open space. It's super irritating to wait when there is enough room to put in at least another 6-8 tables.  Once seated its all worth it.
4	very good ramen. Old school spot on Spring Mountain Road in Chinatown. Had the Chashu Ramen: great broth, three bid pieces of chashu literally fell apart. Original ramen recipe. All in all, and great place for ramen. Only downside is that it is a small space. Was there on a sunday afternoon; so it wasn't crowded. But I imagine that dinnertime might involve a wait. But it will be worth it.
5	Pretty much everyone knows how I feel about Ramen Sora. If you don't, I'll put it simply. This is my absolute favorite restaurant in town. To the point of obsession. I've tasted the shoyu broth, and it's really good, but my favorite thing here is the Screaming for Vengeance Killer Spicy Miso Ramen. It comes with a slice of chasu, half an egg, and bamboo shoots. There are other options, such as upgrading the size of your bowl, or adding more broth/noodles. I always add more broth. It's just that good. The Chasu rice bowl and chasu curry bowl are also really good. When my boyfriend gets sick and tired of being dragged here this is what he gets. He also likes the gyoza, but I find that only ok. It's a little too greasy to me. Also, they have Kirin Ichiban on tap now. The service here is really good, but I'll warn you. If it's slow, they'll bring you your food, and check up on you once or twice, but after that, forget about it. You're going to have to get their attention, otherwise you're going to be sitting there awhile. Note: During peak times the wait can be up to an hour. DO NOT go outside while waiting and think they're coming to get you. They're going to move right along to the next group. If you don't want to wait, get it to go. They're really good about packing the ramen and toppings separately from your broth, and they wrap the broth cup in plastic wrap to ensure it doesn't dump all over your car.
4	My wife(who is Okinawan) had been researching Ramen places all day, and after thorough research and deliberation, we chose to go here. Not a bad choice at all. We got here at 10:33, and the let us in even though the last order is at 10:30. Not a big deal for us Americans, but the Japanese tend to be very punctual and not flexible(my observations during the 6 years I lived and worked there), so I was grateful and glad that they sat us. We ordered(deluxe Ramen for me, negi shio for the wife, and a deluxe to go for my mom who wanted a taste since she was keeping the little one during this excursion) and the food came quickly. It was delicious. Thick, juicy, flavorful slices of pork, delicious broth( not as creamy as some of the other reviews talk about), and plenty of food. The wife enjoyed hers as well. I really liked how they prepared our to go order. The broth was in one container, the noodles, meat, etc were in another, and the seaweed was wrapped separately on top of both containers. Total for all this came to $30, and it was well worth it. It is still slightly below our favorite place in L.A., but I liked here and would come here again. Though I haven't had Ramen anywhere else in Vegas, I don't think you could go wrong eating here. Try it!
5	A must stop if you love ramen. You can choose your soup base, add extra toppings, and spice it up.  Stop searching, and stop on by.
5	My favorite place of 2 others that I have tried.  My daughter loves their rice and is always looking forward to going here.  The service is good but they need to get some sprite lol.  I always go and order that and forget that they don't have that.I tried their Screaming for Vengeance ramen and it was very very spicy!!!!  I had to order a different one.  I'll stick to their spicy ramen!
4	We had a great time at Ramen Sora. I never had chef made ramen and it was a great treat. I got the deluxe and loved the seaweed it made it taste like fish. We had the small pork dish as well, which was nutty flavored. Everyone in the group was surprised at how good it was. Dishes came out fast and I even liked the house Sake.  I would go there again who knew there was a chinatown in Vegas!  I know want more.
4	This was my second time trying ramen, my first time at Monta left me not desiring to try ramen again, but my friends Liza B & Julie T told me they preferred this place to Monta, so I gave it a shot. It was pretty busy when we arrived, we waited about 20 minutes, but it gave us time to look over the menu. We were seated and our waiter promptly took our drink orders, they have my favorite oolong tea in a can. My friend got the killer spicy and I had the miso. We shared so we could try each one, I couldn't decide which one I liked better. Their gyoza is really good too.
5	I go through Ramen-loving periods in my life...often in the winter.  More recently I have been on a hiatus however because I had some incredible Ramen in So-Cal a while back.  That hiatus came to a crashing end when I finally followed the advice of Yuhi K. and Ashley S. and gave Ramen Sora a try.I had the Miso Ramen, but also tried my sister's Shoyu.  They were both good, but the Miso is definitely where it's at!  They are also super easy and economical to customize...large size, extra meat, seaweed sheets...etc.I also recommend the mini chashu...nice grilled flavors with a solid sweet soy glaze! I wish they were open late...I would love to stop in after a night on the town.  There is also not a lot of seating, so peak times can bring a wait with them.
4	I'm not a huge fan of Ramen Sora's interior, which is far too dark and spacious for a ramen-ya, and their staff is a bit too lukewarm for the sitdown restaurant look. I don't like the vibe here; if you're looking for the energetic, late-night bustle, you'll find happier places with happier people. What I do like is the miso ramen, though.Ramen Sora is Sapporo-style.Sapporo-style is Miso Ramen.MISO RAMEN!!That is all.(No, really. When all you care about is getting a glorious bowl of miso ramen, just order it from Ramen Sora, super-size. Skip the chashu. It's unimpressive, and pops up awkwardly in between mouthfuls of miso. Don't suffer the distraction.Gyoza's good. Get the gyoza. Get two orders. Oh, and don't forget the green onion and seaweed.)Closer to a 3.5, but rounding up because best miso ramen.
5	Well, where do I start? I can't say enough about this place. I have been to a couple of other Ramen places here in Vegas, which were HIGHLY recommended to us by our friends and we found them to be eh, average (so my response to that was..what was all the hype about guys?...waited in a long ass line for this?!?) And, by far Ramen Sora blows them out of the water (my opinion). My husband and I frequent this place often (sometimes date nights) along with our kids (and, will make the extra trip to bring out - of - town guests to this establishment, just so we can have an excuse to go).We always order the Miso Ramen with curry and bean sprouts (Why fix what's not broken?)The consistency of curry makes the broth just right! Hearty and slightly thick. Just talking about this dish is making my mouth salivate. You can never go wrong with this dish! I wish I could eat ten bowls!!  So, give your other Ramen places a break and give Ramen Sora a try. You will not find fancy decor or anything flashy. You are here to eat not to gawk at patterns of wallpaper on the wall. They have a great staff - very friendly. And, the prices are reasonable.
3	VEGETARIAN Perspective**So upon seeing a very cool show called "Recycled Percussion" my friend Alida (shout out) and I decided to get some grub. It was her pick; so 'tis ALL her fault! ....haha, kidding.PROs:Great parking spaceEasy to find directionallyFriendly serviceCheap (I'll take quality over price any day)Beautiful ambianceSeat yourself vibe with casual attireetc...NEG:...has to do with showing up with an empty stomach (but open mind) and thinking, "It's Ramen. I LOVE ramen. NOT a vegan so there's bound to be something".... Alida was kind enough to initiate the question of, "What do you have for veg's? Response- "NOTHING! nothing for vegetarian"I do highly appreciate that the waitress knew her menu and communicated that to me honestly. Upon an awkward "Shall we leave...?" look, she offered to have a dish of fried rice + egg NO pork custom made and it was *delicious*... just sucked being hungry. BUT HEY, it was a good meal, reasonably priced, Alida enjoyed her dish AND she is not allowed to choose the next restaurant ;-) HA!
5	Very good ramen shop. Well worth the drive and the wait!
4	Oh Judas Priest........Screaming for Vengeance is spicy and so full of flavor, its amazing......love it, thanks to my wife EvaB for turning me on to this place.....thanks boo.
2	This was the first time we have had ramen so we were fortunate to have a waiter who walked us through the various options. My wife chose shoyu ramen which had a slightly funky taste (too much fish sauce?) while I opted for chasu miso ramen.  The pork was melt in your mouth good and the noodles were chewy, but neither of us are likely to order ramen again.  ($20.84, 2 Forks)
3	Take this with a grain a salt because I am very picky about my ramen. I ordered the Spicy Shio Ramen. The noodles were a good consistency, nice texture and everything. The only thing I felt had an issue was the Shio broth, yes I know Shio means salt and that is a very bland broth but it wasn't very flavorful to me. There wasn't much depth to it even with the spicy sauce it had. The hubby liked the Shoyu Ramen though so I can't say it was all bad. Just wish the Shio broth had more oomph to it.
3	Since I am a "total noob" when it comes to ramen, per Misty Y.'s review I ordered the Nori Ramen in Miso broth. This broth is super flavorful and salty, I mean really really salty and flavorful. If you are totally crazy about eating salty food, you'll love this. The dish comes with half an egg, chopped green onion, strips of bamboo shoots and some form of meat which I wasn't able to identify but I assume it may be pork. It is a very hearty soup with oily soft noodle in an oily meaty broth. Although it isn't something I'd want to eat regularly due to the high calories including the high fat and cholesterol content, I'd imagine many people would love this dish and obviously this place. It is decorated in a modern Asian style with nice lighting, a nice ambience and a spacious interior. For fans of ramen, this is a five star rating kind of place. For someone like me, I will pass on ramen noodles.
5	Authentic Japanese ramen house.  Ended up getting the spicy ramen, and its NO JOKE.  I didn't get the insanely hot one though, because anytime I've tried super hot, it has NO FLAVOR.  It was not the case here.  My broth was spicy and delicious.  The pork cutlet included in the ramen was soft and delicious.  Will come again and again!
5	On my recent trip to Vegas for a bachelorette party, we visited Ramen Sora as soon as it opened at 11:30am on Saturday morning.  We had checked out of our hotel room and had a few hours to spare before most of the girls boarded our plane home.  We arrived about 10 minutes before Sora opened, so there was definitely no line and we were the first group seated.  The rest of our crew arrived about 20 minutes later (11 total).  The place filled up fast by noon time so I'm glad we were able to get our big party seated before the rush.After reading reviews of Monta vs. Sora, I assumed Monta ramen would be better.  Imagine my surprise when Sora ramen knocked it out of the park. The broth is quite flavorful almost too intensely salted.  The menu mentioned the capability to dilute the flavor with more broth if needed.  The noodles were my favorite - fresh, chewy consistency that was absolutely delish.  That's how real RAMEN noodles should taste! Go with the Delux to try a bit of everything.  I loved the thick broth and variety of toppings. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely make a pit stop here again.
5	Pretty decent but the noodles itself is the best kind I've had!
4	Good soup. Good chashio. Fried rice was so so. Yet, nothing that an iced cold beer cannot fix!!
4	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:      It boils down to personal preference. Sapporo peeps will love Ramen Sora for its chewy noodles and its seasoned miso broth.  And though this goes against the general tide, I'd have to say I am a Kyushu or Kurume sistah.   THE MEAT:     There are a couple of popular types of Japanese Ramen named after their region/city of origin, 2 of which are now big players in the Vegas scene - Kyushu, or more specifically Kurume ramen (served in Monta Ramen) and Sapporo (served in Ramen Sora).  There are differences in the preparation and quality of broth and noodles, but both places offer the same general toppings - thin slices of roasted pork, egg, green onion, corn and bamboo shoots or wood ear mushroom.     I can't give a review of Ramen Sora without comparing it to Monta Ramen, which was my first love.  The noodles are curly and chewier, and although I liked the soft thin strands of Monta, I enjoyed the bite of Sora very much.  The Sora miso broth is generously seasoned, and I believe the red specks are Togarashi, red pepper flakes that are available on your table - it has a very distinct flavor, somewhat smoky and a tad tangy.  The Sora broth was more complex, and maybe I'll like it more once I am accustomed to it.       For now, the foodie prude in me misses the conservative broth in Monta, rich in meat and egg flavors... and though the broth may get cloying, I love the no fuss straight up lard goodness. All in all, both ramens rock, and will cure any hangover and hit your spot. I'M STILL DIGESTING...     How some folks expect a toddler to go out of their way instead of them accommodating a 2 year old.  Which do you think is the easier task?WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)Miso Ramen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkAMini Chashu Pork Bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#iW3taw4-XhN5FeYhhmUzaAGyoza http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=EdGuA5w5Rx8Z6FY_SiWXkA#v0v__nlCEH8S44oSjZFBXA
4	Wow!  I now know what all the rave is about ramen.  I didn't want go, because 1) I don't eat noodles 2) I though it would taste only a notch above those packaged ramen noodles that cost 25 cents a pack, so why would I pay about $10 bucks for the same thing?  I came here because I had a pushy guest from NJ that wanted ramen he had in LA.  So I selected Sora based on Yelp reviews and my husband once got ramen at Monta and it wasn't good beside they were shut down once for health violations.Service was a little choppy, but all 4 of us were annoying "newbies" with several questions regarding our dietary issues (no red meat, shellfish allergy, low carb). So I understand since she was the waitress and also the cashier and the only one working the front. Anyway, the waitress would stop taking our order to serve other people and come back and continue with our order.  I was very pleased that I was able to order my shio deluxe ramen with the noodles on the side.  All of us loved our ramen choices.  The shio broth was so rich, simple, and comforting.  The noodles looked good and fresh, my guests ate all my noodles, in addition to theirs. So I I take it, the noodles were good. The sliced pork was tender and with the perfect amount of fat that just melts in your mouth.  I've been craving this, ever since I had it.....MUST. GO. BACK.FOR. SOME. MORE!
5	Las Vegas residents should feel privileged that in our town we have the very best Ramen-Yas in America. I grew up in the largest Japanese Districts of Los Angeles county where the so called "best ramen" comes from. Nothing in Little Osaka or Little Tokyo can compare to the Ramen we got here in Las Vegas. Back in LA, all we had were Hakata Ramen-Yas. There were literally a thousand of them. We had two Tokyo Ramen-Yas(Koraku and Chin-Ma-Ya), and one gigantically overrated Sapporo Ramen-Ya named Santouka. Here in LV, we don't got a Santouka but we got something that is a million times better, RAMEN SORA! We all know by now that the 3 Major Ramen Variations are: Sapporo(MISO), Hakata(TONKOTSU), and Tokyo(SHOYU). Here in Vegas our Ramen scene does not follow that generic formula. The scene is dominated by an extremely rare Osaka Ramen-Ya(Fukumimi), and a unique Kyushu variation from Kurume(Monta). The only traditional Ramen-Ya we have is a Sapporo one, which of course is SORA RAMEN. For decades, SORA has been a very popular ramen-ya in Japan. Yoshi-San, who owns and operates many of the better Japanese restaurants in town, decided to make a deal with the owners of the original SORA and acquire the rights to the secret recipe. Thanks to the great Yoshi-San, the most popular Miso Ramen recipe has finally come to America. And to make things better, it came to Las Vegas! Thank again Yoshi.I wanna give credit to Ian, for always providing excellent service to us. Ian has incredible ramen knowledge.. maybe even more than me. For the longest time, SORA was the only Ramen-Ya in Las Vegas that served Shio Ramen(recently Koraku came to town). But, nobody cared because the only people who eat Shio ramen are geriatric Japanese people who bitch about how Miso isn't supposed to be in ramen(My Dad). But, in all seriousness, there is actually a reason why many Sapporo/Hokkaido Ramen-Yas serve Shio. A while ago I was talking with a local Japanese hero at Sushi on Rainbow, who told me that there is a port city in Hokkaido that is world famous for their unique version of Shio ramen. And today many Sapporo Ramen-Yas will present a "knock-off" version of this unique recipe. We always assume Hokkaido Ramen is Miso, but I guess that's not entirely true.  So don't feel embarrassed to order Shio at a Miso ramen restaurant, you are still being true to protocol. Curley noodles! Miso Ramen is supposed to have curly and thick noodles. SORA is the only ramen-ya I have been to that gets this right. Santouka has straight noodles even though they claim they are Sapporo. Monta, recently decided to get their act together and began serving "curly" noodles with their miso. I appreciate their attempt to be more authentic to the Sapporo style, but Monta's noodles are way to thin for Miso. The Killer Spicy Miso Ramen is what I usually get here. Out of the 10 times I have ordered it, there were 2 times when I couldn't finish it. When you order this, you need a lot of water refills and extra napkins. The spices make you sweat profusely. When Ian is working, he will remember that you are taking on the Killer Spicy challenge and will come around often to refill your water. The other servers unfortunately don't, making the experience more difficult. People in Los Angeles think they know what good or "authentic" Miso Ramen is. In reality, they have no clue. We here in Las Vegas have the very best Miso Ramen-Ya in America. In the past, all the big name restaurants in Japan decided to open up their American locations in LA, so it was really awesome to finally get one here in Las Vegas for a change. We got lucky this time... and yeah, f*ck you Los Angeles!
5	Traditional Japanese setting with modern day pop music playing. Medium-sized space. Ordered deluxe sora ramen. Broth was good. Pork was lean and moist at the same time. You also get more meat than at other places. Better than what I have found in West LA. Really huge portion. I had to kill myself to finish it.
3	A bit salty for my taste. The curly noodles are a bit thick, but I liked the chewiness.  Service was friendly and attentive as we visited after the lunch crowd.I prefer the ramen at the Sawtelle district in Los Angeles J-town.
4	I genuinely like Ramen Sora for how rich their broth is. It has a robust flavor that is unlike any other place in Vegas. It can be overpowering, but I found that it was just complex and hearty.I had started with the small bowl of charshu curry. I will be the first to admit that I have had my fair share of bad curry, especially of the Japanese variety, and have develop a phobia about trying it again. I got so many shocked reactions due to my declaration against it that I had to try it again. It was actually very good. I like their pickled radish here. It is slightly sweet and paired well with the curry. A few days later, I made a curry for a potluck and I might not dislike the Japanese version as much as I initially thought. I was still ravenous and ordered a bowl of the menma ramen as well. I am a huge fan of bamboo. It can be fresh, cured, or dried. If it is an option, I am ordering it. Especially if it is the main component of the dish. I ended up stealing all of my friends, too. Sora offers a solid bowl of soup.
5	I love Ramen Sora's super spicy ramen! The broth is exactly what I love. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It gets a little overwhelming once the end of the bowl is near but it's so worth it. Ramen is all about the broth and this one takes the cake for me. The waits are definitely not as bad as Monta either and I prefer it more.
2	Really gross and fatty foods. The service is also very poor. There is no vegetarian option. This was not worth the price. It was pretty expensive for the quality of food compared to Monta, Ichiza, and Shiseki. They did not operate like a tradition Japanese restaurant with spectacular service, on the contrary it felt like I was in a Chinese restaurant with really bad, penny pinching service.
4	I'm a fan.  The chashu pork slices are thicker and leaner than Monta.  What wins my heart is their Ultimate Spicy Vengence Ramen.  Spicy, garlicky, spicy ground pork all in the mix...however your stomach will be on fire afterwards...
3	The broth at Ramen Sora definitely has a kick. You would either like for its intensity or you don't. It is so rich it will slam in your face! Personally, I do not like broth that intense so It is not my preferred choice but I am sure somebody would appreciate it. _Sora Delux - $10 - Thick cut of meat. I like. I got the Miso flavor and found it to be too salty for my taste. Egg was cold. I wish it was a little less done. -Screaming for Vengeance - This was VERY SPICY!!! I warned you. My bf had this and he was in and out of the bathroom for a day!!! He did enjoy it though. I liked it too but did not have the courage to eat more than couple spoon. I prefer Monta over Sora for its simplicity and balance. Sora was too rich and salty.
4	Even though there's a wait, it won't take very long to get through with it. This is definitely a place that specializes in ramen and you can tell. The noodles are just chewy enough, just ripe enough, and just long enough to leave your mouth watering for more. Went with the deluxe ramen and did not leave disappointed. The pork inside the broth was amazing. For the people that enjoy the runny yolk with the egg white, this is the place to go.And with that, can someone please explain why they advertise serving sprite....like 3 times around the restaurant?!?
4	Food was very good. Service was very nice. Always refill my drink. Overall much better than monta and anime ramen
5	Excellent ramen...great flavor, not as salty as Monta ramen. I particularly love the thicker ramen noodles cooked to al dente. The killer spicy miso ramen is delicious and super spicy! Water was always filled and filled about 4 times...place is small, but service is great. Highly recommended
1	Nothing vegetarian.  Unless you want Edamame for a meal.
3	I really wanted to like this place - convenient location by the strip, friendly and fast service, fair pricing/serving sizes. But, for us, the miso ramen was just too oily, the ramen noodles were a bit rubbery, and the chashu had way too much fat for our liking. I'm usually not picky with my food, especially if it's ramen or any type of noodles/soup... But I forced myself to finish at least 3/4 of the bowl, just 'cause I hate wasting food. My fiance didn't finish his bowl either, and he eats everything and anything, so that's saying a lot, lol.Granted, we did not try any other items from the menu besides the miso ramen, so if we feel optimistic we may come back to try the other dishes. But for now, we'll stick with Shoku Ramen-ya for our ramen cravings.
4	Perfect ramen spot, wish I had one back home.
4	Not the best ramen I've had, but its still pretty good. The prices are comparable to any other ramen place.Would recommend!
3	It's so hot in here-- (-_-), But I love the Miso Ramen. They often have a wait, but if you can beat the rush it's a great place to grab a bowl! I like that the size portion is a good size, I feel that it's gotten smaller over the year, but it might just be my Stomach! lol, it's always super hungry, and by the time we get a table, it's ON like Donkey Kong!
5	My friends brought me to this place, and it's delicious. I normally go to Monta Ramen, it is still questionable if one was better than the other, i'd say it depends on what your taste buds are looking for. Sora provides spicy and flavorful broths. You can order broth bases such as Miso or Shoyu, and they have a wide selection of extra ingredients you can add. I must say, I love their gyoza! Cooked perfectly; crispy at the bottom, where it's been pan fried, and moist and juicy everywhere else. I ordered my miso ramen with cold draft kirin. Best combo ever!
4	Ive tried a few of the ramen places in Las vegas and so far this place is my favorite! Manta Ramen is also pretty good but I would say that Ramen Sora is my overall fave!
4	Good place for ramen, and my girlfriend really loves it. However, their menma really bothers me more than it does at other places (I always ask for it on the side, whenever its served with my ramen and soup, it makes the whole thing taste bad) Aside from the menma, the broth and chashu our nice and I don't really find anything wrong with the noodles. Service is nice and the food comes out really fast, but we don't really eat there during busy hours. What we usually eat:Chashu Ramen (Miso or Shoyu)Killer Spicy Ramen (Miso)My only gripes are with how they serve drinks aside from water. They give you cans and bottles instead of having a soft drink dispenser. Also, no tonkotsu broth, which is my favorite type of broth.
5	So I went to Monta and the next day I came here and it was so good, I was inspired to do something I normally don't do, which is a real review. I'm no food critic, but I know what pleases me. I got the Screaming Vengeance and was pleasantly surprised with the heat and flavor. The broth was thick and flavorful and the noodles were thick and absorbed the flavor well. If you're going to drink, get the pitcher. More bang for your buck. Right now this is my go to ramen spot in Vegas, but I'm currently on a quest to try them all in the Southwest side of town until I find the best.
3	Decent Ramen especially the price. Normally at other Ramen places, it's about $10-$15 for a bowl of Ramen. You can get a bowl of decent Ramen with meat, bamboo shoots for about $8-$10.  I tried the spicy groudnd pork, their special soup, with bamboo shoots, green onions, and bean sprouts. Their special soup was good, not too salty. And their noodles was I think very good. It's not the typical Ramen noodles that looks/taste like packaged ones.
4	I tried this place when I searched YELP for ramen in Las Vegas.  I wouldn't have tried the butter corn ramen if it wasn't for the reviews, glad I did. very tasty, I drank all the broth.  Ramen cooked to perfection.
4	Best Ramen in LV that i've tasted so far. Love their Spicy Miso Ramen. Just the right flavor and spice. Friendly staff, I would def recommend my friends and family to this restaurant.
5	I ordered the vengeful ramen.. Oops it should have come with a warning "do not get on a vehicle that has a bad bathroom for the next 18 hours". It's a double burner... Burned on the way in and burning on the way out..  That being said it was the best inferno spicy ramen I've had.    If your getting on a plane eat the spicy ramen or at least insist on a aisle seat close to the front.  Oh the 2.99 curry char siu and mango mochi were awesome
1	I was excited to read there's Sapporo style ramen noodles in Vegas so I made it a goal to try Ramen Sora. Sadly this place did not deliver. The broth lacks flavor and is overall bland. I relocated to Vegas from SF where we are truly spoiled with numerous ramen joints. I've also had ramen in LA and this place falls at the bottom of all the ramen places I have been to. My husband and I came in at lunch on a Saturday. Upon entering the establishment we noticed they only really have ten small tables and the place was pretty empty for lunch on a sat
1	My husband & I came here for lunch today. Arrived 5 mins after they opened and the place was already full. We were seated on a table that sat 4. We ordered gyoza as our appetizer. It was ok.  The couple seated next to us were done eating and left. The younger [I can't say Asian because all of them are Asian] lady server came up to us and said " Can you move over to this table so I can seat a party of 4?"  I WAS SHOCKED!! I didn't want to embarrass my husband so we moved over as told.  Our ramen came out and it wasn't what I expected. NEVER EVER in all my 33 years of living was I seated at a table at a any restaurant and then be TOLD to move so they could accommodate another party. OHN! That's very very RUDE! I will not come back here again.
5	4 words - Corn butter ramen, miso !! It gets me every time. Delicious! I always get extra chasu because the corn butter comes with 1 piece only (wtf!) but to add chasu is relatively inexpensive so its worth it. The way the butter melts with the corn gives the ramen a creamy finish thats to die for. This place isn't without fault, its small and most nights theres a slight wait but it hasn't been inconvenient enough for me lose interest in ramen sora. Their soda which I noticed is common in the china town area is by the can but I actually like that, it leaves little room for flat drinks. They do have spicy meat if you need that little kick which is nice and even the killer spicy meat isn't too overpowering over the dish. I'm a big fan of Ramen sora and will most definitely be back.
4	Simple review- party of 3.. 8-13-2013 10pmFood: chashu ramen with shoyu. Excellent taste. Went well with my large glass of Kirin. Also ordered a miso ramen which was shared ( large bowl 1dollar more)Service: server was helpful on how to order our bowls. He checked on us to see if we liked it and he kept our waters full.Price: excellent - my large glass of Kirin was 5 bucks ( small was 3.50)  my chashu ramen was 9 bucks and it came with an egg. The large mission ramen was 7.50 but larger bowl added a dollar to it. Actually the regular size is good to share unless you're really hungry.Definitely coming back here..parking lot was well lit at 10pm. Good lighting and Good music playing inside the restaurant.
3	So I have never been a huge ramen fan but my gf had a craving for some before leaving Vegas and sitting in traffic back to LA so we decided on this place.  The noodles were cooked just how I like them - still a little hard - and the broth overall was good.  It was a little on the rich/oily side for me but flavor was spot on.  Another of my friend got the mini curry bowl with a a order or gyoza.  The gyoza were too greasy for me and not crispy enough on the bottom but the mini curry bowl was good.  It was actually a good amount for a mini bowl and the the price was super cheap too.  Overall I wouldn't mind stopping here again if someone I was hanging out with really wanted ramen but warning - it's not the biggest place so there might be a wait when you get here.
3	First time here. Ramen was very good. Sapporo style which I like. Gyoza was frozen and not home made. For a ramen shop that's unacceptable. 3 stars for this place. I will b back for the ramen.
5	Great ramen. Not too much pork fat. Great noodles... Sapporo style. Delicious. Go now.
4	Nothing much to say. 4/5 Here's what i've got.Ramen can be competetive. Ramen Sora has their ups and downs, I've gone here before and it tasted great! Other times, I've ordered the same thing and it tasted a little on the down side. Different cook? Probably.I usually come here for dinner when i feel up for Ramen, I usually get Tonkotsu Ramen,(simple i know) i love my pork. Sometimes the broth is very tasty , other times it's average. It really is kind of a gamble here from my experiences. Still, the price for ramen is worth it. Good portion, as I leave content and full.I like the service here, always fast and friendly, sometimes it is busy, but most of the time there is always a table ready when i walk in. Definitely check it out!
3	Menu was confusing. probably will try the other ramen spot next just to compare. Spicy options are limited. Gyoza's weren't that good. Ramen was mediocre at best.
1	I ate here last Sunday afternoon for lunch with friends.  There was only one waitress who was nice, but she seemed overwhelmed.  This was understandable because there were a lot of people waiting when we were finally seated and even more were walking in.  We each ordered the spicy miso ramen and we all got sick.  Worst part of my Vegas experience.
5	Decided to check out this place seeing it gets over 200 reviews! Love this quaint little restaurant. The Ramen is absolutely fabulous, we had tonkatsu ramen which the soup base is really to die for. Also, Chasu was really really yummy!!  I'll give it 5* for service, our waitress was spot on. We'll be back! ;)
4	Craved ramen during our vacation & went here for lunch. Yelper's suggestions did not disappoint. The food was delicious & service was friendly. The place is pretty small & gets packed during lunch & dinner hours, but it's worth the wait. Boyfriend had the Spicy Miso & I had the Deluxe Sora Ramen which were both rich & satisfying. The noodles were perfect. We also ordered a side of the Pork Fried Rice, Gyoza & Extra's platter which had menma, chashu & boiled eggs. Definitely will go back when we're in LV again.
4	I went here with my friends, but I could not eat anything. Everything had pork in it. I do not eat pork, so I did not order anything. My friends all loved it though. Everyone said there soups were outstanding. They should make some broth without pork in it.
2	I must have come on a bad day as reading the reviews I really wanted to like this place. Me and my +2 entered the establishment. All tables were full so first thought is alright cool. This place is going to be good. We were seated and handed a menu, which is small but interesting. I ordered the Spicy Shoyu Ramen. As we were placing the drink orders we ordered 3 waters and a hot saki. This must have been inconvenient for the waitress as we only received two waters and asked 3 times for the third water. We get our food and don't see our waitress again until it comes time for the check. The ramen itself was decent, the only thing enjoyable was the spice and hard boiled egg. Other than that, the broth was a little salty. My waters needed to be filled, nobody asked us how the food was/if we liked it/if we needed more. By the time we were seated the business died down so I'm not to sure where our waitress went or what she was doing while we ate for 45 minutes. I'm not sure what was going on with the staff.
4	just came here tonight for the first time for dinner with a friend. ramen sora is a small restaurant on spring mountain with a small parking lot. we arrived at the restaurant around 7pm and we were seated right away, the hostesses/servers are really friendly and makes you feel super welcomed. i ordered the spicy miso ramen because i've heard many good reviews about it and although it wasn't spicy like i thought it would be it was still delicious! i am a huge noodle soup fan and my taste buds were definitely satisfied :) i can only imagine it being even more amazing in the cold weather. overall, the prices and service are great and i will be back!
3	Ok let me start off by saying I'm not a fan of northern Japanese style ramen...  I arrived with a party if 6, 5 adults with a toddler... No problem we were seated quickly and our orders were taken with no problem. So the service there is cool nothing exceptional but cool. When the ramen came out I noticed my miso was a little dark and I couldn't figure it out at first the. I started eating... Yup shoyu in everything... It overpowered the miso and by the end I was getting disgusted... (I did get the large bowl, maybe if I got the smaller one if would have been ok) all in all it was bad, if they were in Arizona I would go back cuz Arizona has nothing good at all!  In California I wouldn't come back...  I guess if I come back and crave ramen in Vegas I would try to find Hakata style... Or some really good Tonkotsu! The place is about 2.75 in my book not quite a three... But once again I don't care for northern style
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I have been coming here for over a year. Love the shoyu ramen, chashu, curry etc...However, tonight will be the last time I go because I found hair in my shoyu ramen and when I notified the waitress she told me that they wear hats in the kitchen, so she doesn't think its their fault. The hair was obviously not  mine because it was black and no one in my party has black hair. I explained I would take a small replacement as opposed to the large I ordered since I ate some until I found the hair. She then had to check to see if she could since they wear hats. Kidding?! Needless to say, I will never go back. Not even a sorry...just an implication that it had to be me cus they wear hats. What a shame...
5	Tasted like Tokyo To Me !Really Really good Ramen! Get the Spicy Soyu! So much flavor and a very nice burn
5	As good as it gets in Las Vegas.  Don't get me wrong, doesn't really stand up to any ramen I've had in LA or Japan, but really good for Las Vegas.  They have a good variety of Ramen so you never really get bored with the flavors.  Try their curry with chashu, great as a small appetizer.  Definitely recommend to anybody that needs their ramen fix.
4	Decent thickness and nice roast of chashu. Spicy misco doesn't go over the good taste of soup but I would still prefer the original. I will not order Gyoza next time because I am  going to save space for the ramen.
4	You can't compare Monta and Sora. They are two different beasts.Me? I'm a Sora fan. I love getting the chasu ramen with miso broth and extra noodles. The Sapporo style ramen noodle is slightly thick, curly and complements the fatty broth well. Since the noodles are slightly curly more of the broth coats the noodle. This makes for a fun splurpfest. If you come on a weeknight or after 6:40pm, be prepared to wait 20 minutes.
5	Came here last weekend and was definitely happy that I did! I had the shiyo ramen which was perfect :) I ate every last noodle! We also had the small curry rice and fried rice dish. A great place for sharing while listening to upbeat music. Service was very pleasant and quick. I'm hoping to try the corn butter ramen on my next visit. We will absolutely without a doubt be back.
5	It's a small cozy place. I had the butter corn ramen and pork fries rice and it was very yummy!! Great food and even better service!!
5	My wife and I decided to mingle with the locals after spending way too much money on the Vegas Strip.  Found this place on YELP after having a craving for Japanese Ramen.  The last place I had been for true Japanese Ramen was Ippudo in NY so this had a lot to live up to!  They have a few other things on the menu but come here for the Ramen.  It is a noodle soup dish with added ingredients of pork, seaweed, corn, eggs or greens.  Really your choice.  I opted for the Deluxe with everything in it and was not disappointed.  The key to any ramen restaurant is the soup.  I have read some of the other reviews that felt the broth was hit or miss but on the night we were there it was spot on!  You want to save the broth it is so good and you will find yourself licking the bowl after you drink from it!  Compared the restaurants on the strip this place is dirt cheap!  Great food at a great price... very refreshing in Vegas.  This restaurant is located in the China Town.  Really not that far the north end of the strip.  It is located on Spring Mountain Road which is just West of the strip from the Fashion Mall.  Take a cab, or rent a car.  Heck walk it!  Just try it you'll like it!
5	This ramen restaurant really defines the term "hole the wall" - Just outside of the Las Vegas strip, we only found this restaurant because of Yelp reviews. Ramen Sora has the best ramen I've ever tasted. The restaurant is very small but minimal and clean. I had the spicy shio ramen and a bbq side dish. I don't remember what it was called, but it's under the appetizers part of the menu. The meat was so tender and saucy. The ramen was very flavorful but not overly salty like most ramen places. My friends and I barely talked to each other because we were too busy slurping down our bowls. I almost finished my bowl, which is very rare since I get full easily.
5	I recently told my class about Monta Ramen, one of my students, from Japan, politely replied "Japanese people prefer Ramen Sora". So now I must try... THANK YOU!!! My new favorite number one ramen home.
4	Tried this ramen house out of curiosity. It was good. I liked the curry bowl the most. It was def a different taste in a good way. The curry compliments the meat and rice just right. The ramen was also good. A must try too whenever you're in town. It's located at china town, convenient to the locals and the strip goers.
5	This place just always gives me comfort. It's only been a few times that I've been here, but every time I'm here (which is usually me after work all exhausted and cranky still in my work uniform), Mo always helps me out with what I want and not to mention so friendly and quick at her service! I always order atleast 2 large sakes, she's just awesome. This time, it was an 9 hour shift for me so I just came in for gyoza (I know they're frozen, but growing up in okinawa, I still think they're delicious) and rice and almost 3 large sakes.  Thank you Mo for always making my experience great! I'll be back after works as long as it's open!
5	I am new to ramen so my review won't be very comparative. I chose Ramen Sora because the reviews were most favorable and I wanted to go to a place people liked for my first ramen experience. I was not disappointed. I got the spicy shoyu which was very delicious with added seaweed. I don't know how spicy their Screaming for Vengeance would be since I didn't find the spicy shoyu to have any heat at all, like at all. It was flavorful broth, the noodles had a great bite to them, the chashu is probably my new favorite thing to eat, but again not spicy. I will definitely be back to eat here again.Oh and the place is tiny and got packed quick so be aware that it is a very "intimate" place to done.
5	My favorite place for Sapporo style ramen.  Love their spicy miso ramen broth. The noodles are thick, chewy & delicious. Charsiu is tender and melts in your mouth.
5	Best. Ramen. In. Town. So authentic! Amazing atmosphere! Love it!
4	It's very easy to find this place. In fact, it's isolated from the plazas of Chinatown because this place is in its own building. There's also a sign that pretty much screams out its name. The parking lot is small and I can just see the annoyance of getting out of the lot if the place gets very busy. In this situation, I think parking on the side streets is optimal than deciding to park your car inside of the tiny lot. It's also angled awkwardly, but it's nothing to get annoyed about.Once inside, the decorations gives a sense of familiarity if you ever went inside a ramen restaurant. They also play EDM music which is good for those who just finished partying on the Vegas strip. The waitress was friendly and was patient with my group so there were no issues with service at all. The price range is about average on what to expect at a ramen place. For myself, I ended up ordering the Deluxe ramen bowl with miso soup. The bowl itself is ten dollars, but was it worth it?Yeah. I was never a huge fan of ramen, so I'm not some otaku that cries out "sugoi" for every ramen place I eat at. However, compared to other places, it was pretty good. The pork blended well with the miso, the egg was great, and the noodles weren't too hard nor were they too soft. Instead, they were just right. The miso itself was average in terms of saltiness.Just like most Vegas restaurants, you're likely to come out here after a night with a huge hangover in hopes of a recovery from food. It's open almost 24 hours and it's definitely worth a trip to Chinatown. So come to Ramen Sora, it's one of the many Pho and Ramen places that engulf the Chinatown area, but does a good job at separating itself from the rest.
4	Mmmmm good, chashu miso ramen -- warms a body up so nice when temps are going down in Vegas!  Their slices of chashu are thin, tender, buttery pieces of roasted pork, atop a savory miso flavored broth filled with just the right amount of ramen noodles (actually a little too much for me, but I managed to scarf it all down).  Somebody wanted to know which place I liked better--Sora or Monta.  Well, I like certain things about each, but I think I would head to Sora more often because of a number of things--easy parking, friendly servers, more seating options for 2+ groups so it's faster to get in, love the broth/ramen/chashu a touch more than the other.  And, yes, I'm an actual  reviewer, I don't work at the competition!
4	Not bad for a ramen place in Vegas.  Good size portion and the pork that came with my soup was pretty big.  Not to far from the strip and a lot cheaper than eating on the strip.  Got seated pretty fast and the service was great.  Big water cups which is good.  Usually Asian places have small water cups so you have to wait for servers to refill all the time.  Will come again. :)
4	Yum! This place was delicious. I had the super spicy miso ramen. It was definitely a challenge to get through because it got really spicy towards the end of the bowl.  The flavor was rich and noodles were cooked perfecly; not too cruncy and not too soft.  They also have different broths but I heard the miso is the best one.  I'll have to try the others.  I got the regular bowl which was more than enough for me.  My friends got the large bowl.  It was significantly bigger than mine but they're guys so they had no problem finishing it. The service here was great! They were super nice and very friendly.  The only down side is that they don't seat you until your whole party gets there, which is fine but it got very crowded at the entrance and a little too crampy.  I am definitely coming here again.  Perfect place for a hot bowl of soup on a cold day!-----I am updating this review after trying the shoyu spicy ramen the other day. I still prefer the miso soup!
5	Whenever I'm in town, I want to try all of the new ramen places. Even though Sora has been open a while, I had not been here until today. I got there before opening and it was a good thing. Sora is a small place that fills up quickly. The first thing I noticed before walking in is that there were lots of Japanese waiting to get in. That should tell you something. This place legit even as far as LA standards go. I had the miso deluxe ramen with an order of gyoza and it was very good. Service is fantastic.For all of you Monta lovers out there, this review is by no means to say that this is the best ramen in LV. Sora is a different style and I like Monta too. It wouldnt be fair to compare the two.
3	I've never had 'real' ramen before, so I was excited to try this place that has received such rave reviews.  I was slightly disappointed.Parking - weird, small parking lot with some random one-ways that are confusing and nobody heeds anyway...Atmosphere - kinda cool - love the tables and long wooden benches.  Service - not so friendly - perfunctory, nothing more.  Ramen - The broth flavor was nice, but salty.  I got the Shoyu with butter and corn.  The noodles were CHEWY - a texture that I did not like for noodles.  The Chashu was amazing - soft and fatty - melts in your mouth!  I loved this pork!  The Tamago was cooked perfectly - an amazing soft boiled egg that complimented the soup perfectly.  The corn seemed straight out of a can...Fried Rice - Bland!Rice with Curry - Curry sauce was pretty good.FYI - The food seemed to have a gross smell in general...Prices - seem kinda steep, especially since some portions were small!I was expecting my tastebuds to be tantalized, and sadly, they were far from it.  A decent meal, but nothing spectacular.  Prolly won't be coming back...
3	This place has completely soared. I'm happy for them, I really am. It wasn't as crowded a short while back, but now you gotta wait a while to get your hearty bowl of ramen. There isn't much seating, but the ramen does indeed come out fast, and the service is speedy.I had the spicy miso ramen, super bowl was big enough to share with my mother. The chashu was super tender and the best part of the whole bowl. The broth itself was good. I wouldn't consider it spicy at all. I wasn't kicked by it one bit. The noodles were "al dente" as my mother would call it, and their noodles are allegedly handmade so I gotta give them props for that. Other than that, the dish wasn't the best ramen I've had - but it was tasty, nevertheless.As for the Gyoza, I hate to say it but it was one of the worst gyoza's I've had. I starred at the gyoza and wondered if it was homemade or if it came out of a shirakiku frozen package. Don't waste your time with these dumplings. They're not known for it anyway.All in all, a great ramen experience. I would DEFINITELY come here for the noodles, but it isn't worth the wait.
5	I knew this place must be good since I arrived 10min before opening and there were already 12-15 people waiting to get in (mostly Japanese) like myself haha. I ordered the chashu miso ramen and split the gyoza and pork rice. This ramen was amazing and the chashu literally melted in my mouth. I live in Torrance area so I've tried them all and this place would beat Hakata, Yamadaya, or Asa. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas. Next time I will try to Shio or Shoyu flavor. Service is quick and I was in and out in less than 40 min.
5	Delicious food exceptional food especially on a cold day or for that matter any day for spicy miso soup so good  The price is right would recommend this to all my friends
5	Their spicy miso ramen is unbelievably good!!!  Wow!!!Servers are friendly.  Food comes out super quick.  This place is a gem!!
4	I love this place! Honestly, I like Sora more than Monta. The only problem I really had was when they gave us our soup spoons & dishes to put our gyoza sauce, they were all a little wet.I usually wipe reusable utensils before I use them, but I still found it a little weird I had to dry them myself.It would be nice if they invested in onetime use chopsticks.Still good nonetheless!
4	When it comes to having out of town guests visit, we usually try to introduce them to Vegas' Ramen options because, at least in SF, good ramen means a long drive and headache finding parking for not-out-of-this-world ramen. I still don't know which ramen I prefer, Ramen Sora or Monta Ramen, but I think I have come to the conclusion that both are delicious in their own right, Ramen Sora is just easier to get a table at, which means we end up eating their more often, which means I get tired of it faster. BUTTTT.. I'm still a fan. It's really hard not to compare the two locations and I thought it was really sad during the Aki Matsuri festival that neither restaurant's booths got much love/patronage during the event.Some pros for Ramen Sora:-Broth is really, really rich-I prefer their Chasu rice bowls over Monta Ramen (they even come in mini sizes)-Gyoza are always cooked well-Tables are easily moved for large or small parties-A couple of TVs if you really want to catch a game-Wait is definitely a lot shorter than Monta Ramen-They don't charge for hot tea, which Monta Ramen doesWhen it comes down to it, Las Vegas is lucky to have so many solid ramen options nearby and you can't go wrong with coming here.
4	It only took me frozen toes to remember to write a review of Sora. After being out in the cold for a few hours, we were freezing and hungry. There was quite a wait only because we had a big group but we were just happy to be indoors. Normally, if there's only 2 people in your party, you get seated rather quickly.I normally get gyoza with whatever ramen I get. There's enough meat filling and the wrapper isn't thick/ chewy with one side toasted for a nice crisp. I've tried their shoyu chashu ramen, miso ramen, nori ramen, shio ramen and the spicy miso ramen. Unfortunately, they ran low on chashu the last time we went - each person could only have 1 slice of pork belly each. Sad! But their chashu is soooo tasty so I'm not surprised. I like to add iwanori (seaweed flakes) and corn on my ramen. Mmmmm...the hot rich broth, the firm ramen noodles and hard-boiled egg + chashu on a cold day. I couldn't want more than that. You can wash it all down with beer, hot tea, iced tea or Ramune.Our server was patient with us despite special requests and complications with splitting the bill. I can't think of a time I had a bad experience here.
5	I really like this place better than some of the other noodle places here in Vegas. Its spacious & not as crowded as others. The soup was good, too! There wasn't anything on the menu that explained what the types of broth were so it was fun experimenting and trying different types of broths and noodles! Definitely a must-try restaurant!
5	If you're looking for the same stuff that you can buy at the grocery store and comes in a sealed plastic bag with a packet of sodium that every college student knows about, you're in for a surprise bc it's NOTHING like that! Our Aunt laughed when one of our cousins told her where we ate, bc typically, they think "Top Ramen" where they add an egg at the end of the cooking process-- sooo not the same as this.You first start off by choosing what type of broth you want: Miso, Shoyu (soy sauce) or Shio (I forgot what this one is bc I don't get it) based. From there it's a choice of more fillers- noodles, scallions, pork, etc. The noodles are chewy and full of flavor and go great w/ my choice of soup: Shoyu Ramen. You have the choice of regular and large size, I usually get the regular and my hubs gets the large. We also place an order for gyoza. This is our favorite Ramen place in town, gets me through not being able to go to our fav spot in SD. ;)
5	So this past week I've been having a crave for some ramen. Went to Monta Ramen in Henderson and order some up. I like my ramen with some spice, so I noticed that they started to offer a spicy sauce upon request. So spicy ramen with chachu it was. It was good but in the end some thing was a bit lacking. The broth had flavor but not a rich taste and the spicy sauce was ok a bit weak in my opinion. Couple of days later, next stop Sora Ramen. Ordered the same, the difference is  noticeable the broth here has a deep rich pork flavor wether it is miso, shoyu or shiso. Even the flavor and look of the chachu has is better here. As for the spiciness? You can ask for a scoop of "Killer Meat", which is ground meat cooked in, from what I'm told, 15 different types chili for a long time.  This gives it a nice deep spicy flavor that gives a bold flavor but won't leave you crying . In my opinion Sora tops in all categories from basic to spicy. They offer a variety of add-ins such as corn, butter and extra meat. If you go, get there early as this place gets packed. Highly recommend.
5	I love this place the food is always great and so is the service. I've tried a couple of other ramen restaurants and this is the best ramen in town! Another plus is that you get a lot for your money, the regular size is plenty enough. The flavors of the broth and meat are delicious, amazing! The potstickers are tasty too!
5	After living in Japan for 4 years, I'm very particular about the kind of ramen I eat. However, Ramen Sora blew my taste buds. The corn butter ramen with miso broth was decadent, rich, and literally melted in my mouth. I get it everytime I come here. It's average price, about $8-$10 a bowl, but it is so worth it.
5	Highly recommend! First time in Vegas and wanted to go off the beaten tourist path for restaurants. Best ramen full of flavor!
4	just okay, the beef on my spicy ramen came out cold, miso broth was delicious with just the right amount of spiciness and flavor
5	Best ramen I've ever had in the states. Omg, pork heaven in a bowl.  I randomly stumbled upon this place and I ended up eating it everyday of my vacation there. Highly recommended to all of you ramen lovers. Mmmmm... now I really want some.
4	Dam. It's good. Best ramen in LV.
4	I was here over the Thanksgiving Holiday from SoCal.  I stopped by for lunch with my wife right when they opened before we checked into Encore.  The Ramen was very good.  The broth was was excellent.  The noodles were cooked perfectly.  There was also plenty of meat along with the rest of this Japanese Goodness.  I will definitely be back whenever I am in Vegas.  Definitely worth any sort of wait.
5	Our first time to try this Ramen place and my family is very pleased... is very good and the meat is very tender. Highly recommended.
4	small area, if you are there at a busy time you will end up waiting long in the corner of the area. overall, the food was really good. i only heard praises from other people. i had the miso butter corn ramen & it was a little sweet for my taste buds, but nonetheless it was still very good. too spice it up a bit, the red pepper on the table can customize to your liking. i put 4 stars instead of 5 because of the waiting area & time.
5	Lots of parkingSmall restaurant.Parties of 4 are probably best.We had the Deluxe Sora Ramen (my wife loved it) and the Spicy Miso Ramen (i thought it was really good but I could have gone for some more heat).Next time I'm going to try the Spicy Killer Ramen (waitress told me it has Habanero in it)
4	Guys top ramen is not Japanese! Word to the wise. If u like that generic stuff authentic Japanese ramen has a lot more sultry flavors. This place reminds me of my favorite restaurant Tampopo so I'll give it 4stars. Good food, great service, humble choices = simple rich food for an exquisite palate.
5	This place is the business .. the shoyu ramen with spicy meat is so freaking good! Every time we go there its busy so we call ahead for pick up. We've probably ordered from here about 30 times and have never been disappointed...we still can't remember the proper names to order and they are always patient and get it right.
4	This place is great.Many people will say that Monta is the best ramen spot in town. Sora is right up there and can argue for supremacy too.You get three choices in broth, and the noodles are supposedly direct from Sapporo.I've never been steered wrong here, but just be aware that the Killer Spicy ramen is legit spicy...even with my south Asian palate.My favorite is the shoyu-miso broth...it's a good middle of the road broth.The dining room is chill, comfortable and casual.Parking can be a bit of a pain, but there is a residential neighborhood right behind it, so you can park on the street.All in all....a solid 4 star review.
5	My hubby and I tried their spicy shoyu ramen, spicy miso ramen, gyoza and pork fried rice. We are picky ramen eaters (coz we are Asian and we go to famous ramen places all the time in LA) and to our taste, they were all amazing. Came out very satisfied.Even during the holiday season in Vegas, you won't have to wait too long to be seated if you go there a bit earlier than usual dinner time. We went around 5:45 and only waited for 5 minutes. But by the time we came out (around 6:30?) the restaurant had a long line.
1	We walked in at 1032, they told us the kitchen closed. They clearly need to change their hours and post that on the door. Boo!!!!!
4	I've tried both Sora & Monta and I'm pleased to say I'm a SORA fan (I'm sure there are those who will argue). I've been to Monta twice and both times just didn't hit it for me, broth/stock wasn't there and what was up with that tiny-ass chasu bowl?! LOL (You can get a Chasu Bowl meal @ Sora). The first time I went to Sora... BOOM! And I've been back a few more times after that. Don't forget, Monta was shut down last March with 47 demerits! So they should NOT be given the title of Top Ramen in LV. In fact, they should change their name to "Kitanai" Ramen LMAO! I guess the results are in Monta Ramen = BLAH vs. Ramen Sora = ICHIBAN DAISUKE!
4	Chashu was thicker and leaner compared to all the Ramen places that I have tried.Noodles are cooked perfectly.Food was served quickly.I love all the side dishes.Tasty pork fried rice ang gyozas.Egg was very much flavored.Clean.
4	This place is in my top 2 ramen spots in Vegas. their is always a wait everytime I come here. I'm crazy for the pork belly items! plain, bowl, curried or in ramen. i LOVE the broths here but I must say I like montas noodles better. I totally get they both represent different parts of japan/noodles. anyways, highly recommend ! all that sodium goodness ! Lol
4	I know this place has been here for some time, but it took me a while before I actually paid this place a visit, and as a New Years meal, I didn't regret it. I don't go out to eat ramen too often and I only have had Monta up to this point, and I need to familiarize myself with different restaurants around the valley and I know Ramen Sora is another popular choice, so I decided to pay it a visit. It is a small place and the parking can get a little hectic since they have a small lot and you might have to park in the adjacent street. When you go in, don't forget to write down your name, or you're gonna be stuck looking like an idiot waiting for someone to help you out, like I did. I was promptly seated with my party and it didn't take long before they came to take our order. I got the ramen deluxe with corn, and I feel like that was a good value for its price. They have larger bowls, but the only thing you get more of is soup and noodles. That's up to you if you believe it's worth the extra price, but I stuck with the normal sized bowl. I enjoyed everything in my bowl from the noodles, to the broth, to the egg. I have no complaints with Ramen Sora and I will be making another visit to this place in the nearby future. I recommend this place if you just want to eat at another ramen place in Las Vegas, or just somewhere to get some hot soup, especially during winter!
4	Very tasty and I loved the texture of the ramen noodles. The chasiu had such great flavor, I loved it.  Great find off the strip at an affordable price. Definitely order a side of the gyoza as well.
5	Update:  I love this place.  It's five stars all the way for me.  The corn butter miso ramen is the best.  I'm no ramen expert, but I've learned what I like and it's Ramen Sora.  The best time to come here is when they open in the morning so you don't have to wait long.  I usually have edamame first and then the big steaming bowl follows not long after.  Ramen always tastes better when it's cold outside, too.  I need to get my fix soon.  Ramen is also better with friends along, but I've also come here by myself because when you have a ramen jones, you need to feed that monster.  If you need to get your slurp on, this is the place.
3	Binky little ramen joint with heart.Long wait times for so few tables in this tiny restaurant.  Must be good, right?  It's good.  Good will do for most.  For some...  Very friendly, nice staff.  Enter and put your name on the list and wait.  They're great about seating in the order of the list and not by size of your party.  Fair.  Monkey do:DELUXE MISO RAMEN + Bean sprouts - The thickest cuts of pork belly ever in ramen!  Odd to pay extra for bean sprouts.  Salty broth(they said to ask for clear broth on the side to cut the saltiness) Okay, but Monkey's been to better Ramen where this advice is unheard of...  Noodles were overdone.GYOZA - same oMINI CURRY BOWL - overkill order, but wanted to sample more items.  Good curry!  Monkey may return if no one waiting outside...
4	My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday around 9:40pm. Our waiting time was about 15 minutes. There was a lot of people waiting to be seated but customers left very quickly after they had finished their meal. As quickly as we were seated the waitress gave us the menus and asked what we liked to drink. I ordered miso ramen and my boyfriend ordered spicy miso ramen. Both dishes came out quickly and I dug in as soon as it came. It was very delicious. I've been craving this ramen for days! I've never had this type of ramen but I knew that the noodles would be a bit harder and chewy compared to top ramen you can buy at the grocery store. The pork literally melts in your mouth! Everything about the dish was delicious. I can't help but say that I felt something was missing. It was probably the fact that I was still hungry after. I'll definitely try one of the chashu bowls next or eat it along with my ramen. Great place to eat. Highly recommend on a cold and windy night!
4	Spectacular ramen! Owners aren't Japanese, but they make nonetheless amazing ramen. We had miso ramen and miso shoyu ramen; both were fantastic, and the pork was as tender as it could possibly be! 2 regular bowls and half liter beer set us up for $22 only. To be tried!
2	Don't hate me for voicing my opinion lol.. two stars in my book is rating only the flavor. When you compare it to Santouka (Costa Mesa, CA) or Asa (Gardena, CA) .. yeah this place is aite but I have experienced better :s In terms of flavor, the rating that this place has really lived up the hype for me. I came here with high hopes hoping this would be thick, flavorfulass soup that Asa or Santouka would bring but alas. It was more on the thin side and the spicy miso that I chose was made differently. It did not come as a paste as it normally does, this was infused with pork, so my pescatarian friend was unable to eat it :sThe noodles were very chewy and the egg was okay.. I liked that it was runny but it wasn't mindblowingly good like other places that do not come to mind. The pork was super thick. It was on the tender side and was marbled with bits of the luscious fat but it didn't make my eyes roll back.. Service was aite. There was a wait on a Saturday afternoon at 2pm, prolly like 20 minutes.. In terms of quantity, it was very, very filling. I had to togo it so that I wouldn't get kbbq full.
4	Ramen Sora is a very good place to grab some really decent ramen. Their shio broth is my favorite and it has the classic ramen flavor. I always get the super spicy ramen bowl (I forgot what it was called.) The service meets expectations and I can give no complaints. The only things that could make this place better is having a larger dining room as it is always packed and a little more variety on the menu.I recommend adding a couple extra pieces of pork belly to your soup; it makes the dish.
5	SO DELICIOUS!!! This was the first time I really enjoyed a Ramenl! We went New Year's Day and got there just in time, it's a super small place and had a line out the door! We got Chashu and Gyoza appetizer, and the Miso Ramen. Recommend all of these! We almost ordered a second round of everything:D Again, another place in Vegas with delicious food and ridiculously low prices! So awesome. My server was adorable as well, so made the experience that much better! We'll be back!
5	I have lived in Japan for a year, and I honestly prefer this little gem in Nevada to half of the ramen houses I went to in Japan itself.This is a small place, so make sure you have some time to wait, especially if you have a big party. The staff is delightful. When I gave a decent tip (~25%) for excellent service, the waitress tried to return it as she thought it was "too much." Their food was delivered quickly, everyone was friendly, and the quality of the food was stunning.The broth--there is no better tonkatsu broth. They use a slow process to make the broth from black boar bones over days, and it really shows in the flavor. Even thinking about this place is enough to make my mouth water. I wish I lived closer to Vegas, a town that I loathe, just so I could eat at Ramen Sora a ridiculous amount of the time. As it is, every place I've been to since has been dreadfully, dismally disappointing.
4	chasu bowl is my fav menu here. sweet and salty together and very smelly grilled pork . it s so goodi come here many time and never be dissapointed
2	Mediocre is what i will rate it.   I ordered miso base, i would rate the broth 3.5 stars.The reason i took away 1.5 star was because i was served my ramen hot but not pipping hot when it should be, due to this half way through the meal the broth was barely warm.   Also the tamago was over cooked.I had Monta yesterday, thats a 5 star tonkatsu ramen i had.
1	I had the Negri ramen. My husband had the shoyu ramen. Both ramen did not smell appetizing.  I took two bites of mine and it was disgusting to say the least. our waitress saw me several times not eating we made eye contact and she never bother to come to our table to asked me if something was  wrong. When we asked for the bill since we were with a friend we took separate checks. She finally asked at that time if something was wrong when she saw a full bowl of ramen sitting there in front of me. we told her I did not like it and I do not want to change it to something else since I tasted my husband and I did not like that either. My husband did not like his ramen he said it was a weird smell and taste to it. His ramen was also warm almost cold.I was still charge for my meal and I know its a business so I decide to pay for the dinner I didn't eat. Just the fact that she saw me not eating and not bother to come was what pissed me off the most horrible service not accommodating restaurant.
4	Usually when we come here, we're seated right away. Except when we were there on MLK day, we had to wait about 5 min for a table, which wasn't too bad.Their ramen is average compared to Monta's ramen (sorry, Ramen Sora). Sora's chashu isn't as tender or flavorful as Monta's.Their gyoza is pan fried, but I prefer deep fried.The reason we come here instead of Monta's is because Sora's restaurant is slightly bigger, there's more space between the tables (not as claustrophobic), we usually get seated right away, and the service is fast and friendly.
5	Went here with three friends. We each tried the miso, shoyu and shio ramen. Soooo bomb. Came here hungover and dehydrated hahaha felt like a boss leaving the place.Food was amazing. Great staff and environment. The wait time was a little big longer than usual given that we came in pretty late (around 4ish in the afternoon).Craving was definitely satisfied although hundred miles away from home!
5	We have been here 3x already,my family really enjoyed the ramen!  Excellent  miso broth n ramen,my personal fav is always the spicy miso.... U can order extra portions;extra noodles,broth or charsu,etc....Atmosphere is modern,nice and clean NOT overcrowded n stuffy like some other places...severs where nice n cheerful. Will be back again!
4	Went there during my Xmas vacation and had some quick dinner there, the ramen was pretty good and the price is very good as well. will return next visit.
5	By far the best Ramen in town. Good variety - great fried rice that's not too greasy. Rich broth, not too greasy or salty. Gyoza rocks. Tried a number of ramen houses and nothing beats Sora!
4	Ramen is great.  The miso soup is wonderful.  I love the flavor-it is authentic.  All of the ingredients are fresh.  Flavors are there but subtle.  Yes I need to experiment & order more!  But no matter what ramen I order the meat is tender but not over cooked.  I like the decor it is perfect for a casual restaurant.  The location is good.  As a newcomer to Vegas it is easy to find since it stands alone.
5	the best ramen place here in Vegas almost as close to Ezogiku back home in Hawaii Nei.
5	We had a great time here last week and enjoyed our respective ramen bowls very much.  One guy in our small group was hesitant about trying anything "adventurous," but he was a total convert after his first few bites, finishing up not only his own ramen bowl but his wife's as well!  I had the Chashu Ramen with miso broth (3 pieces of pork) and it was delicious.  The broth wasn't too salty and the savoury flavours of the meat and noodles was a symphony in my mouth.  My friend's spicy ramen was well appreciated and it disappeared in a hurry!  Prices are reasonable (bowls are under $10) and service is fast and friendly.  The restaurant is pretty small, though, so be prepared to wait a little, and make sure your entire party is present to be seated, otherwise you will have to wait.  Reservations not accepted.
4	My roots have ramen (or saimin) listed as my Number 1 comfort food. On cold wintry days, on days when you're not feeling well, on days when your night turned into day, on simply any day! I can enjoy a great bowl of ramen.So here is my story. Enjoying Las Vegas waiting for the imfamous Super Bowl Sunday, I somehow forgot that word "rest" or "sleep"... and my night turned into day.... Not wanting to wait in line for any restaurant in the casino, I get in my car and head OUT....  Onto Spring Mountain Blvd I head into the Las Vegas Chinatown.  HUGE GIGANTIC sign! RAMEN SORA  RED AND BLUE NEON SIGN  "open"  open OPEN.All I want is a regular bowl of ramen please, miso broth, extra nori, no egg, green onions please.... OH WAIT. and I'd like a Kirin please!  Oh! A small order of gyoza (small order = 6 pieces)Broth tasty! HOT! Steamy Hot! The way all ramen bowls should be served. And the noodles? OMG... if there is such a thing as al dente chewy! (exactly as I like it) is what I got.  Of all the ramen shops on Spring Mountain  Blvd.? This is a definite must try. Note: depending on the time and day you try to dine - you might have a wait period... I assume that because of the sign in sheet as well as the chairs in the waiting area....
5	Lately, I've been telling people that Fukumimi is the best ramen around and beats Monta hands down. This was before I finally tried Ramen Sora.Earlier today, my friend said he was tired of eating at home and suggested that we eat out for lunch. After some deliberations, we went here. We arrived shortly before the 11:30 opening time and waited a bit before walking in. We were the second table seated for the day, which felt even better when I later saw people loitering in the waiting area before it had even hit noon. Having browsed through some Yelp reviews (love you guys), I chose the Deluxe Sora Ramen ($10) with miso broth, while my friend had the standard Miso Ramen ($7.50).A few minutes later, heaven arrived. I don't know how else to describe the excellent, salty and umami broth, the al dente noodles (best I've personally experienced), the generous portion of meat (you guys what you're paying for in this one), the chewy-but-not-too-chewy bamboo shoots, the green onions, and the seaweed squares. I did find the yolk of the soft-boiled egg to be a bit runny compared to what I'm used to. Just based off the components that appear to be present in the normal miso ramen, I would have been happy. I was smiling inside the whole time.Unfortunately, my friend did not find his ramen as much to his liking. I could kinda tell by how much broth he left behind. His main complaint is that it's too salty, and I agree that the salt is a very strong component. However, I happen to be pretty salt-tolerant (at least compared to someone like my mom), so this is not a negative for me at all. If it is an issue for you, then steer clear (or ask about clear broth on the side, I saw in another review).I was just so impressed today that I've decided that Sora is now #1. Fukumimi is still a very close second for me, with emphasis on the close: if I'm leaving from home, then I want to pick Fukumimi for a shorter drive. If I'm around Spring Mountain and need a place, it's gotta be Ramen Sora. And I'm still smiling.
4	After many attempts at trying to find a decent ramen shop from the Bay Area to LA, we came across this location in Vegas.  I've been disappointed at all the other locations we had tried so I was quite skeptic about all the reviews.  But after we placed our orders and ate almost everything even though we opted for extra noodles, I'd have to say that this place is by far our favorite ramen shop.  The broth was somewhat salty, but still good.  I'd definitely come back the next time we visit Vegas.
4	Another 4 star Ramen spot in Vegas.  I'm really enjoying hitting up the various one's on every trip out to sin city.  This time it was meeting up with great friends from high school in Japan for a much needed girls weekend.  Being that we grew up eating ramen picking it for lunch was a easy choice.Ramen Sora serves up all broth type ramen froms shio, shoyu, tonkotsu and miso.  They state they serve Sapporo Ramen which is miso based.  It is def one of my fave broth flavor that I grew up eating in Japan including the instant kind by sapporo ichiban!  Obviously the toppings at each ramen house varies but typically a bowl of miso ramen is served with chashu, bean sprouts and corn.  Deluxe Sora Ramen ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#hCJU9RRGp3DKxDTlDB3YSA  You get to pick the broth choice and I decided to go with miso.  The bowl came out nice and hot.  Broth had a great flavor not salty as some can be.  Good ajitama. The chashu was nice and fatty and soft.  It was sliced on the thinner side but it was very good http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#D-VllyZqgYKzpRSSEh7PBw The noodles were the yellow curly chijiri type.  It was cooked perfectly and not mushy.  They offer 2 bowl sizes (regular and large) and additional toppings are offered for a reasonable price.  Gyoza ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramen-sora-las-vegas?select=0vjKNr87LblVN2JuatKoTg#eaaQo6H7y5Ob4t3j7ydoeg Fried up with a decent char.  The filling had a good flavor.  They have a premixed sauce so no guessing on the soy sauce to vinegar ratio. Ramen Sora is located a few blocks away from Monta.  Driving by this place in the evening you might think they are closed due to the tinting they have on the window but rest assured they are open.  The single building is of decent size and a good number of tables however I felt they could have used the somewhat open space with another communal table.  Depending on the time you get there you will def have a wait as we did albeit a short one.  Eyes ~ Nice bowl of noodle goodness!Nose ~ Smells so good!.Ear ~ Happy chatting and eating.Mouth ~ So very very good!.Tummy ~ Satisfied!
4	After the urgent recommendations of several Yelp Elite, I finally made it here for dinner this evening! After having phenomenal ramen in the Bay area, I was curious about how Vegas would compare. Luckily, at least here at Ramen Sora, it's high quality and delicious and really hits the spot. The broth especially just totally makes it here.Got the deluxe sora ramen, regular size, miso, for my first visit. BF isn't a fan, so he got the large curry bowl. His came out first, and it was just right- large portion for the price ($6.50), flavors were spot on and it was definitely comfort food. He inhaled the dish. My broth was rich and delish, the chashu pork plentiful and flavorful, and the bamboo, nori, and egg really complemented one another. Noodles were plentiful and nicely chewy, but slightly thinner than expected, given that someone told me they were thick? Guess we have different expectations.That being said, my pork was cold and I was bummed to see only half of an egg rather than a whole, and it was  overcooked, too. The egg is usually my favorite part, and my favorite ramen place in CA was known for getting the eggs perfect, so maybe I got spoiled by that. Overall, very good- especially the broth!, but there is room for improvement in the little details.EDIT: have returned for both the spicy ramen and the nori ramen. Can't rave enough about the nori one, which is the most unique one I've tried so far. The spicy version will clear out your congestion in no time flat, perfect when you're feeling under the weather.
4	Before I give you my opinion about Ramen Sora, let me give you some insite into Japanese ramen. There are many different styles of ramen in Japan just like there are many different styles of pizza in America! Many people I speak with will say that Monta Ramen is way better than Ramen Sora. However, that's an unfair judgement because they are different styles and come from different regions of Japan. Ramen Sora reflects more of a Northern Japanese style ramen using miso, shio, or soyu broth with thicker noodles. The ramen you get at Monta is a tonkotsu style which is a richer pork broth generally using thinner noodles. With that said, Ramen Sora is pretty good when it comes to their ramen. I would recommend the Miso out of all the broths as it tastes rich with flavor. The reason I gave them 4/5 stars instead of 5/5 is because I feel that their chashu pork fall a little short. Japanese ramen style chashu takes a lot of skill to prepare correctly. If it's done right, it should just melt in your mouth. Ramen Sora's chashu is very tender but i'd say it fall behind Monta's chashu. A few reasons why I think their chashu is not perfect is because they do not roll their slab of pork belly when preparing it. This causes more moisture to escape from the pork during the cooking process. You'll notice Monta's pork is rolled and melts in your mouth. So all in all I give Ramen Sora a 4/5. Not bad for ramen found in desert!..and incase you were wondering, yes I am Japanese! Happy Eating Folks!
5	It's been a while since I've been to Ramen Sora and I have to say it's still my favorite in town.There's still a wait most days, but it's worth the wait. I have ordered the spicy miso on every visit. I keep meaning to try something different, but I promise I will eventually. Doubling up on the noodles is a must. It's just good value. The broth is flavorful and not so overly spicy that I can't enjoy my ramen.
4	I'm a Ramen kinda girl! Ramen Sora you did justice to my ramen craving. I ordered the deluxe miso ramen. The broth was right on point. My husband got the spicy ramen which was really delicious if you love spicy then it's definitely worth getting. No worries they have an even more hotter ramen for all you bold people.I will definitely be back here to try more of their ramen.
5	We went to Vegas in mid-December where the weather was pretty cold so we decided to have ramen (Japanese noodles soup). One of my sister's friends recommended this place. From the outside the place is not in a good part of Vegas. The inside looks small and old. However, the ramen was super good. The menu is very simple. My tolerance for spicy food is considerably high so I had their spiciest ramen called "screaming for vengeance" which is spicy but not too spicy where I could not finish. The soup is very tasty and not too salty like other ramen places. We came in a group of 13: my family, my sister's & my cousin's family. We all like the food so much that we all came back the next day. This is definitely a place for you to eat when you visits Vegas. I still haven't found this kind of delicious ramen in LA. I tried Orochan but their soup on the spicy ramen is so salty where I can't finish without drinking water to dilute the salt.
4	Short: Pros: Great ramen. Cons: Loud, fast- moving atmosphere so don't expect a friendly chat.Not the best prepackaged noodles, and a tad overpriced.Do go here if you're interested, it's worth your time. Long: Went here with a friend and it was good that we arrived early; they got packed quick. We were sat down, ordered our food. One of the downfalls here is that the place is small, and as it's a ramen joint, it's expected of you to eat quick and get a move on. The place is loud with chatter, and you don't have much time to really sit down and comfortably chat. Food arrived quick. For $11 for their special in a large, it's good proportions, but I don't see where all that money went--especially since ramen elsewhere is a budget outing. Soup was great, the meat was as tender as all hell, sides were great, BUT, the noodles weren't the best pre-packaged and that just crashed the whole deal for me. They're good, but I think the whole dish would be better with cheapy ramen noodles off the store shelf. As the main ingredient for ramen, I can't overlook that.Still, 4 stars for good ramen. If you want to try this place, I can't see why not.
4	Good food. Big portions. Of course that's because we got the super size. Means there is left overs for lunch. Broth was good and hearty. We'll come back.
5	The broth is amazing. The fried rice is absolutely delicious. The gyoza with the vinegar sauce is scrumptious. Service is prompt and on point. My favorite ramen place by far. Monta pffft.
4	The main reason why i went here, was apparently this is suppose to rival monta. As the #1 & #2 of ramen spots in the vegas valley. Had the miso ramen, the broth was super thick, packed with flavor. They claim to have authentic sapporo noodles. Not sure if they were it. But it was definitely good! My only gripe was i wish they put more pork slices in the ramen. But definitely a good bowl of ramen if you are in the mood for one.
4	Closest thing to little Tokyo ramen for me here in LV! Hits the spot every time! I've tried monta ramen a few times but this place is so much better in my opinion.
5	What can I say, I love this place, my go to is the chashu shio with killer spicy meat, and can't get enough of that pork fried rice, let's not forget the curry, and dat pork, soooo good
3	The most recent Vegas trip was the first time I got to eat in China town and I was excited to find out they had a ramen place. We arrived just in to time to beat the crowd. I went with a group of five and we got seated within 15 minutes. I ordered the "screaming for vengeance" with corn because I love spicy ramen but was disappointed it wasn't spicy enough. I am still in search to find the most spiciest ramen. The broth was on the saltier side, I am not sure if its because I've been drinking and my taste were off. The broth was ok but I was disappointed that the food was not piping hot. However, the really like the pork belly, talk about fatty goodness. The noodles were cooked al dente and had a really nice texture. This place is a solid 3.5 stars in my books.
4	The location is pretty non-descript. Thre isn't much to the outside and it makes you wonder what you will find inside. The decor is fairly sparse but updated to reflect a kind of Japanese modern decor. There aren't many seats and I am sure that finding a table during a prime meal time could be difficult. Their menu is simple with includes pictures of the different varieties of ramen and offers three choices for broth (have the Miso version, that is my favorite). The ramen comes in two sizes: regular and large. The regular size is large enough for most peoples' appetites. I would go again and have the miso broth ramen.
5	Dear Sora,I'm sorry that I didn't take the time to get to know you earlier, but I'd been dating another ramen house at the time and thought she was the bomb diggity. It was pretty casual and we weren't exclusive, but I finally pulled the plug when I got fed up from waiting in line EVERY time and just WASN'T GETTIN' ANY. I don't want you to think you were some rebound though - it was some time before I decided to stop by for a visit, but I have to admit that when I walked in and saw there weren't hordes of people jonesing for a table, I wondered if you were my type. After being seated right away though, I perused the menu and knew we'd hit it off. Pulling my usual first-date move, I opted for the miso ramen and it was love at first bite. Your bowl of piping hot broth housed a generous portion of noodles that was bedazzled with tender pieces of chashu pork, crispy menma bamboo shoots that snapped with every chew, nori strips for a good crackling, an egg boiled just right, and other veggie toppings. After a few more nights out with you, I came to appreciate that we could be spontaneous with each other. Sometimes I wanted a different broth, or wanted to add other ingredients like corn, butter, or extra pork. Other nights I'd be in a chashu rice bowl mood. Either way, I liked that you were always game to MIX IT UP. Let me know when you are ready to make it Facebook official. Text me. XOXO, Sandy
4	I found this place through a little Japanese magazine specializing in Las Vegas, you can pick it up at most Japanese supermarkets in Southern California for free.Went in with my mom one evening while in Vegas, I had miso and Mom had shouyu ramen. They were delicious. I'm really grateful to be able to eat good ramen in Vegas.. Service was OK, nothing more than taking your order and bringing your food.. But that's all we need anyway..
4	I've been on a search for a really good ramen house that would be closer to my house.  My favorite by far is fukumimi, however, its so far!  I decided to check out Ramen Sora, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.I got the Deluxe Sora Ramen, with the shio broth. AMAZING. I loved the tonkotsu in my ramen... it was tender, thick and very flavorful!  The noodles were perfect... just the right firmness, thick and chewy! I also got to try the mini curry bowl and mini chasu bowl.... DIVINE!  I highly recommend this place.  I will definitely be returning back for more!
5	This is the go to ramen place in Las Vegas for me.  The broths are incomparable and the noodles, veggies and add ons are more pleasures than one person should enjoy.  Truck stop portions in a little stand alone building w/easy access and fabulous service.
5	I have never eaten ramen that was not purchased from the local supermarket.I do not know how to use chopsticks.However, I know good food when I taste it.  And it's hard to find anything better than the ramen at Ramen Sora.I went with the spicy miso, there was so much going on in that medium-sized bowl of noodles, pork, and broth.  What seperates Ramen Sora from other restaurants of its ilk is the service.  As a big, goofy-looking white guy, let's just say that at many Chinatown restaurants, sometimes service is.......well........less than friendly.  Not the case here, everyone was very nice.  This will be a regular spot in the rotation and I'm looking forward to trying different menu items.  You should do the same!  :)
4	I went here with my cousin after a week of expensive fine dining at Mandalay Bay, and I couldn't be happier. Great ramen is heavenly, and Ramen Sora did not disappoint. I ordered the spicy ramen with shoyu broth. The broth had depth and wasn't too salty, the noodles were chewy and toothsome (perfect), the pork chashu was tender and flavorful on its own, and the spicy ground beef mixture added texture as well as a good kick to the ramen.
4	Pretty good but I guess I'm just a Monta girl. I prefer everything about Monta's ramen. I haven't tried anything else at Sora except for their ramen. I ordered the Miso Ramen this time. It came with one piece of cha-siu thick cut. I prefer Monta's thin cut. Sora gives you half an egg where as at monta you would have to pay extra but Sora's prices are a bit more than Monta's so there's that. Also, Sora is more spacious and bigger. The parking is a lot better since they have their own parking. Can't go wrong at either place.
5	Ramen Sora, what can I say other than that this is my favorite spot by far! The service is great an so is the ambiance. You may have to wait a few minutes, but it's definitely worth the wait! I order the Chasu Miso Ramen and Gyozas whenever I go cuz those are my favorite things from there! The Miso broth is so delicious with the pork belly slices on top of noodles, garnished with egg and bamboo slices making this a great mixture of goodness! As for the Gyozas, they're the best along with their dipping sauce that make this combo the best yet! My husband orders the Spicy Miso Ramen and with that you can always order the level of heat you like! He enjoys it super spicy and orders the larger size. Its satisfying in so many ways and most definitely thee best Ramen place in Chinatown! It's never a disappointment!..:)
5	Bomb! Best broth I've ever had! Go for supersize if you have any sort of appetite. Pork is tender juicy fatty and all around amazing. Top 10 bowls of ramen for me. Yum! Service is also great.
3	The reason why i'm giving this a 3 stars is because the ramen here is amazing. However, it gave me and all my friends diarrhea. Yucky, i know. We ate this in the morning before heading back from Vegas to Irvine. However, our stomachs were hurting so much during the trip back. And 3 of us had to go to the restroom pretty frequently throughout the way back. Even though the ramen was really good, i would not pay the price of diarrhea for it again. I rather eat Subway .
4	One of the best ramens I had.  Screaming for vengeance is spicy and very good.  Friendly sraff.
4	Fast and efficient service but plan for a wait if you come at lunch.
4	I am in the infancy stages of my ramen exploration in Vegas.  While I can't say that this is the best ramen I've ever had, it is the best I've had in Vegas so far.  I always get whatever is their spiciest version of miso ramen on the menu.  To be honest, this is why they've lost a star.  It's really not that spicy.  I was expecting some major heat, but it failed to live up to its title.  Even so, I've been back twice because at least their hotter than the others. All the ingredients are fresh, and the chasu is tasty.As for the service, I've had extremes.  The first time I went during lunch, the waitress was short with guest and didn't ever come by to refill my tea.  I had to walk to the counter and ask for more tea and water.  When I did, it turned out everyone needed more water.  She went through 2 pitchers. When I went back in the evening, it was a much better staff all around.I'll give them 3.5 the first time and 4.5 the second time.
5	Definitely a must if you love ramen. Sora's ramen has to be the best ramen I have ever had and trust me I have been to lots of ramen restaurants and this one beats all! My friends and I eat here at least once a week because it's that good.
5	Miso Ramen is my fav. Gyoza is good. Just tried the Charsui Curry Bowl - wow that was great! Oishi! As soon as they open it fills up. The service is great and fast. Will definitely be back!
5	So I tried the Shoyu Screaming for Vengeance and it became my favorite. I ate it 3 times and it was spicy but I ate the entire bowl. The next two times, within the past month, I couldn't eat it. It was so spicy that it made me cry and I had to commandeer my friends leftover broth in order to have something to rinse my noodles off with. It was so painfully bad. My face and lips hurt afterwards. The last time I went I was told that the meat gets hotter the longer it sits in the oil that makes it "killer." I was told it wasn't too bad today and it wasn't as bad as the last time but the amount of chili oil in my bowl was ridiculous. I may just switch to the spicy ramen so I can go back to enjoying my meals  still highly recommend this place over any other ramen restaurant though.
5	This place is awesome! Delicious ramen, the meat practically melts in your mouth. I have never had ramen that wasn't out of a box before and this has definitely changed my mind. Next time I'm I'm Las Vegas I will definitely be coming back here.
4	This place has pretty good SUPER SPICY miso ramen aka SCREAMING VENGEANCE. Their dumplings and mini curry bowl (has chashu) are also bomb. This spot has undeniably the best spicy miso ramen I've ever had. Service is 5 star- greetings and water is always full. In spicy miso ramen category, it's a solid 5 star. I'm keeping it at a 4 since I haven't tried the shio or shoyu ramen. I just can't seem to get around eating it because the screaming vengeance pulls me back in every time. Def will keep going back.
5	Oishikatta! ( Japanese for Delicious!) that is exactly what Sora Ramen serves, Delicious food. We had the miso ramen, spicy ramen, gyoza and fried rice( cha-han). All are authentic japanese food. We especially like the flavor of the fried rice and the Ramen broth is excellent. We have been to other ramen places in Las Vegas and this wins our vote.  I cannot think of a Ramen place in Los Angeles where I can get a better ramen. The only place you can get a better ramen is in Japan and even then you will have to search a while to get one as good as Sora Ramen. 5 Stars!
5	Yum!!Best ramen in Vegas!My favorite is miso ramen. It is not salty like other place and very authentic. They are not cheap on portions or broth quantity.
5	This is my favorite spot to have Ramen! It is "Oishi Oishi"! The noodles are perfect, the broth is perfect, I love it here! Do not hesitate or consider any other Ramen establishment, you must visit here and I guarantee you will be a returning customer. Oh and by the way, I live in california and no matter how much time passes between my visits, the food has remained the same, amazing and just what I expect every time!
1	I've been to Sora twice. I don't like the flavor of Sora's broth for their ramen. It has an odd flavor that I can't describe. Also, the spicy ramen is not spicy enough for me. My husband loves the ramen at Sora and is always begging me to go here. I would much rather go to Monta, but there is always a line there. Monta's broth tastes much better and they cook the eggs so well. Guess I will have to just wait in line.
4	My fellow Yelpers didn't steer me wrong again, as Ramen Sora was very good.  I am relatively new to ramen and finally decided to just give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised to see such a large menu as (again) I haven't had much experience with ramen other than a few times over the years. I will admit I was one of those point at the picture and ask questions guys, but the server was great explaining each one with the experience of having answer the questions a million times, but with the attitude it was the 1st time which put me at ease.  I honestly couldn't tell you what everyone ordered, but from the sampling of everything, it was all GOOD!  The building is a little small and the wait was normal, but well worth it.  I don't have it marked on my calendar yet, but I do plan on going back again soon.  This time I will point to a new picture with more confidence that no matter what I pick, it will be delicious.
5	Holy Moly!  Betty had raved about this place and her enthusiasm was not misplaced.  Four of us went there for lunch... we all order (as instructed by she-who-must-be-obeyed) try the Deluxe ramen bowl with the miso broth.  This wonderfully thick broth (think broth that's like a thin gravy) has remarkable depth of flavor.  The nori sheets get crumpled in, the egg is looking at me, the noodles are things of beauty.  All this (and  we shared a pitcher of beer) left us throbulating about lunch.  N.B.: - for an extra buck you can get a size larger.  It's a noticeable delta.  One of our bunch went for the double-wide portion (2$ extra) and it's humungous.  I'm sure I'll be back to try some of the spicier fare.
5	CORN BUTTER RAMEN! I normally get it with miso and man oh man is it smooth and delicious. There is the option to add meat in case you feel it's not enough. This is definitely my go to ramen place. Parking can be tricky on busy nights and depending on when you go there may be a significant wait. I feel like the air conditioning is not the most efficient but I can't stop my craving for ramen on hot, summer nights. They do have some beer on draft to help cool you have. FYI no vegetarian broth options. I figured the miso was vegetarian but when I brought a veggie friend with me they informed her that all of their broths are pork based.
5	My cousin took me and friends to this place and I've never had ramen before...boy it was so delicious I'll never eat pho ever again! I had the miso spicy ramen. Its rich and full of flavor. Spicy but just enough heat. We also had the fried rice, potlucks, & curry (Japanese curry) all also very delicious. And very speedy service! Once you order...poof...5mins later food on the table. Hot and fresh, along with very friendly staff!
5	Yum!  Excellent bowl of miso ramen; chashu pork was tender, broth was rich and hot.  Everything about it was about as good as ramen gets.  And the staff are super nice, all cheerful and quick.  I'll be back!
4	Ramen? You mean, ramen noodles...the stuff you buy at the grocery store for like $.10 a packet? No, absolutely not, it's nothing like that. I quickly found that out after having dinner here with some fellow Yelpers. This was my first time having ramen that didn't come out of a wrapper with a little packet of seasoning...and yes, I'm a fan. A huge fan!So, we came in here for dinner on a Friday night. From what I read in reviews, I was surprised to see that we got seated so quickly. It's actually a good thing that we did because by the time we were done, there was a line out the door. This is a really small restaurant with limited seating, so if you plan to come here, get there early and give yourself a better chance of avoiding the rushSince this was my first time eating ramen, I felt like a kid asking all our more experienced Yeeps what everything was. What's a miso? Corn and butter? Hard boiled eggs? I had no idea what was going on and while that menu is only a single two-sided sheet, there's no shortage of options. If you've never been to ramen, I definitely suggest going with someone who has for your first time. After much thought and questioning, I found out the Miso is kind of like the "safe" option and decided on Spicy Miso. Wow, this stuff is delicious! The noodles are plentiful and cooked perfectly, the pork is tender and having that egg in there is so good. But the best part of it all is that broth. It's rich and is so, so flavorful. I literally wanted to pick the bowl up and drink it cereal style...it really is that good!Let me just say, if you were questioning yourself on trying a ramen spot, stop and come straight to Ramen Sora. I may not have much experience in ramen but I can tell you this place is worth the visit and I can't wait to come back!
3	Quality was not great last time I was here. I got the spicy miso ramen. It came out quickly but IMO, way too quickly. The spicy meat in in the soup was still cold! It was like they literally just scooped it from the fridge and tossed it on top of the bowl like a garnish. It was still in a giant cluster when my bowl came out and I had to put it on my spoon and slice it apart with my chopsticks. Normally, I can just swish it around easily with my spoon. This cold meat totally ruined my meal. I hope it's better next time because Ramen Sora is seriously one of my fav ramen spots!
5	My favorite place to get ramen.  I always get the spicy miso; how hot it is seems to vary but it's always bearable.  If you're really hungry you may want to add extra chashu or get a large.  Some bowls come with more meat than others so it does depend on what you order.  They can get very crowded and it's small inside so I wouldn't recommend going during busy hours.  For lunch, arriving around 2 pm seems to work fine.  I wouldn't recommend taking home leftovers unless you plan to eat it near immediately.  I've taken home leftovers twice now and when I ate it the next day, not only did the broth separate (which looked disgusting), it also tasted weird.
2	I'm sorry to say this, but I was very unimpressed with this place. I had high hopes as my parents have gone here a few times and told me great things so I was somewhat looking forward to trying the ramen. When I did finally try Ramen Sora, I ordered the Miso Ramen, gyoza and pork fried rice. The gyoza was gyoza - it's hard to mess that up - so I enjoyed it. I really liked the pork fried rice, so kudos for that, but when my miso ramen came out... man, what a disappointment. I liked the noodles in it, the pork belly was cooked well, but the flavor of the bamboo shoots ruined the whole thing. I don't know if they didn't boil them to remove the rancid smell/taste, but it completely ruined my ramen experience. The broth tasted like the shoots too, after I had removed them from the dish. I just couldn't eat past the flavor and normally bamboo shoots are my favorite.Who knows, maybe it's a regional preference of that flavor that I'm not familiar with because everyone else in the restaurant seemed to enjoy their yucky bamboo infested broth and ramen, but I am not a fan, so unfortunately, I will not be returning here for my ramen needs.
5	Ever since I ate here with some friends I've been craving ramen. I loved the spicy miso I got with the killer spicy meat. It was SOOOOO spicy!! But it was SOOOO good haha. It was one of those things where you could safely say "it hurt so good!!" Our server was great and we made sure he knew with a good tip. Will be back soon! Been craving :)
5	I really liked this place. When i first pulled up i was a bit nervous looked a bit on the divey side,but from the moment you enter you feel welcomed as all the servers shout something in what i guess is japanese,although it could be they are announcing another white boy coming to eat for all I know. The service was attentive and efficient. I had my bowl of soup in short order.Im not a master ramen person but I do enjoy a good bowl of noodle soup especially with chashu,which is what I had,I like the fact that you can pile on extra noodles too,I went for the 50% bigger,that was perfect! i think it was a bit more expensive then I remember from similar in los angeles,but by no means was it exorbitant. 15 bucks all in for soup and a coke. all and all I appreciated the whole experience and will return.
5	Awesome customer service, delicious ramen.I love how every server/cashier greets you the moment you walk through the door. Literally....they all shout out a greeting in Japanese! :) There aren't very many tables, so luckily we went during an off time, but even so, they were still at half capacity by the time we left.I enjoyed their Delux Miso Ramen, and the bf had the Butter Corn ramen. I normally just order the tonkotsu, or super pork ramen at most other places. This place uses tonkotsu as a base, but you have a choice of Miso, Shoyu (soy sauce), or Shio (salt) flavored broth. The pork flavor still comes through, but with delicate miso overtones. I think I will try Shio next time, just because I really enjoy pork flavor, but this was delicious. The pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender. The butter corn ramen was very good too. It really tastes like sweet buttered corn! :)The portion size is generous as well. Its not the biggest bowl of ramen I've ever had, but hey.....sometimes bigger really isn't always better! The broth is rich and decadent, so it was the perfect amount. (And I'm a BIG eater!)I will definitely be back next time I'm in town. :)
5	Yum! I came with my sister who was in town visiting and recently came back with a friend and she loved it!  We both did the corn butter ramen I believe is the name-- prolly slaughtered the title(: I added seaweed to the bowl and I've cleaned the entire bowl out each time! Parking is tight, but I've been able to snag a spot each time I've come, but yes great ramen and I will continue to recommend this place and bring others as well!(:
5	after i had this ramen, it destroyed all other ramens for me.
3	Oh, what some time and eating can do to an opinion. I will preface this with the obvious: This is a matter of taste and preference. You may come here and simply fall in love.- I don't like that they skimp on noodles here. Biggest issue I have with them by far. I'm also a fan of thinner over thicker for ramen noodles. I haven't had any yet here.- I  don't like the style of broth - no punch. To me it's just about suitable for chicken noodle soup - not ramen. I don't even like the color of it. I know, though, that is just my preference. Maybe ramen is like this in Hokkaido. I don't know. I haven't been yet.- I think their chashu is good. Tender and large cuts.- I like the options available for types of broth as well as the various options for things like piles of chashu or a surrounding dressing of nori. Maybe you're extra hungry and want a huge bowl instead of those sissy regular ones. You've got choices.I'd say this: if you like rich pork flavor, this is not for you. If you like thin noodles, this is not for you. If you like a lighter ramen experience - you may just find your calling here after all.
4	I ordered the Butter Corn Ramen and was very tasty. I only wish they had more selection of noodles on their menu. So far one of the best place for ramen in Las Vegas.
3	Their ramen is ok. I think the killer for me was how extremely salty their broth was even though I tend to eat most foods on the salty side. I also think they're overpriced for an average Japanese ramen house.
4	I tried this place out with my family. The ramen was absolutely delicious, it's even better than some of the places I've tried in LA. The pork was amazing, it literally melts in your mouth. We were all thought the food was great. I recommend getting the large size if you love eating ramen. I am disappointed by the fact their green tea comes in a can though. The staff here were really great when I went, very friendly.
5	Very good place and good service !! Don't try anything over killer hot if you want to enjoy your meal lol
3	Average shio broth. Ramen was too thick and not al dente enough. A bit like ramen packets.
4	Of all the ramen places in Vegas, I have to say this is one of my favorite places. I realized that I no longer love miso ramen due to the rich thicker broth. I guess your change in taste evolve as time passes. Who knows. Anyway, I ordered their nori ramen with shoyu broth and added a slice of butter. The broth was flavorful but not too rich, just how I like it. The butter added extra creaminess. The noodles were thicker and chewier compared to other spots, which I like as well. My favorite part was that the chasu wasn't all fat. I know I'm probably the only one who doesn't like the fat, call me strange. I just prefer more meat. I think next time I'll opt for the $1 charge and upgrade to the larger size. All in all, solid ramen spot and for sure I'll be back in the future. P.S. Only reason why I didn't give a 5 star ration was due to the fact that we felt rushed to pay.
5	Holy crap this place is cozy! I had the super spicy ramen. It was just the right amount of spicy for me. I'm Thai and Chinese, so I thought I knew all about noodles and soup. This place is special! Blew my mind!
5	When we talk about Hokkaido-style ramen, the first thing that comes to mind is miso butter corn ramen. And Sora offers exactly that! A happy regular customer here.Their spicy miso ramen is the bomb!
4	Good is always fresh and fast. Service has always been friendly and helpful. Today, Sunday afternoon and very few customers just right for me.
5	Out of all the ramen places in Vegas this is the best one!   When I go here I always have gyoza, fried rice and negi ramen.  All super delicious.   Fried rice is easy to make but it is rare for a place to make it well and his place makes it awesome!
5	The food was great . As a kid I always enjoyed ramen . I never had authentic ramen. Just straight out of a bag . If you want delicious and great tasting authentic ramen...  come here to eat . The servings are quite delightful as well.
5	Craving ramen in Vegas?  Look no further, this place is good.  Very tasty broth, moist and tender chashu, spicy miso has a good kick and if you need more spice, the killer spicy meat is a good add.  This place and Monta are my favorite ramen places in Vegas.  Both are small though, but we've never had a problem getting a table.
1	I don't understand why people would like this place..... this place is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the broth!!!! gosh!!!!! it was disgusting. it has that weird smell..... and that roast pork!!! gosh is that roast pork!!!!??? do they know what roast pork is!!!??? now it makes me feel like yelp is unauthentic!!!!!
3	we came in here for a quick bite before leaving las vegas.  i had the butter corn with shio broth. pretty good!
5	What a gem! The Spicy Miso here was freaking delicious and we loved that we found this place in Vegas.The place was not busy at all, and it's not far from the strip! 5 minutes to get delicious ramen while on a Vegas trip?? Heck yeah!
4	The place is kinda small
5	Maybe I'm not a ramen expert but this place does it for me. Good prices, nice casual atmosphere, friendly staff, great T-shirts, great bowl of soup with many options. The standard bowl, $7.50, is a fine meal anytime. Just make sure you get there by 10:30 p.m. -- even though they are open until 11, they stop taking orders at 10:30.
4	I love their Corn&Butter Shio Ramen and Gyoza. On the other hand, I don't really like any other flavor they have.I like all the topping they have and Gyoza taste pretty good. Types of noodle they use isn't my favorite ramen noodle but it goes well with Shio ramen I think.My friends who likes spicy food love their spicy miso ramen. So far everyone I took here with me all like it here:)They don't really have many appetizers beside ramen toppings. But if you just wanna go eat Ramen, what else you need other than a good bowl of ramen?:)
3	I had ramen shio with extra bamboo shoots this time. The curly ramen was cooked perfectly, very enjoyable; the pork was very tender, flavorful and substantial, not too much excess fat, a winner.  The egg that comes with it was a bit overcooked, it looked liked it had been cooked way in advance and was cold.  The broth had decent, substantial flavor but too salty for my taste, all that was left in my mouth after I left was the flavor of sodium, why I give Sora a 3.  Service is quick and attentive, although I did feel a bit rushed, this place has become very popular and fills up very quickly, I was there at opening time, 11.30 for lunch, within 10 minutes the place was completely full and had about 10 people waiting in line.  I would definitively recommend to give Sora a try as a decent ramen place, but to me not worth to wait in line for, neither here nor Monta.  I would recommend to give Tatsu Ramen a try instead if you don't feel like waiting in line in those previous places, it's always quiet there and for my taste their broth comes as the winner, flavorful and not too salty.
4	Wish there was more seating available, but the building itself is pretty small anyway
5	Even better than the last trip. Besides the tight dinning area there is nothing to complain about. Great broth, great noodles, melt in your mouth pork.
5	You definitely have to wait as they don't have that many tables but we had the gyoza, fried rice and all different kinds of ramen. We all loved everything and even in the 90 degree weather we still enjoyed a bowl of hot noodles!
5	Ramen Sora is definitely one of my top three in the city, if not my favourite restaurant ever.The food is always delicious, the staff is always friendly, and the place is always clean. Excellent noodles and the broth is balanced. If you ask, the staff might say that the miso ramen is the best, but i would definitely say the shio ramen is the best. My boyfriend agrees with me, after having the miso ramen the first few times. All of the flavours are delicious, dont get me wrong, but the shio is an amazing savory broth without being too salty. Killer ramen is super spicy so beware. If you like it hot, try spicy ramen. Its spicy but also flavourful. Their gyoza are also good. I come here whenever i get the chance. The place can sometimes get busy at night but it is usually worth the wait.
5	I've dined in and taken my ramen to go (just recently found out that this was even an option, yay!)I haven't had a bad experience here. The staff is fun and friendly. The food is hot and consistently on-point!I always order the Screaming for Vengeance shio Ramen with fried rice, gyoza, and the mini chasu bowl. All a delightful taste sensation...Don't trust my reviews on spicy food if you have low tolerance for spicy food. For my tastes, Screaming for Vengeance is just above a medium level of spiciness. I'd say it's about as hot as the xxtra flaming hot cheetos in the black bag. It'll make your nose run, but it's highly tolerable and still has flavor. One of my dining partners did not share the same sentiment. He thought it was insanely hot and he basically chucked the rest of his rice and tea down to calm the burn... My tip? Let it cool down temperature wise and the spiciness won't be so intense.
2	Honestly wasn't the best ramen I've tried in Vegas. The gyozas (pot stickers) weren't as crispy and the broth was a little too oily for me. This is coming from a native Japanese girl so, yeah.
3	The staff was really nice. The restaurant was so hot that it felt stifling inside. Not the best ramen I've ever had. The noodles were cooked perfectly but my chashu was slightly cold. The egg was also lukewarm and not as flavorful as many other places I've tried. It 'll do if you are in need of a ramen fix but definitely not the best there is out there.
5	You might wonder why a person would have ramen in 100 degree weather... because it's good!!  After reading the reviews,  I tried several places and vote for Ramen Sora! Located on the right side of Spring Mountain Road as you drive east, the stand alone building has good parking. The interior is spacious and bright with 9 tables and quick and helpful service.  There's not much air conditioning,  but the cold water is filtered and helps a lot!  You can ask for disposable wooden chopsticks for better grip!  The staff wear black t shirts that read,  "No ramen - No Life" which are available for $12.I had the Nori Ramen with miso broth...delicious!  Not too salty & not too watery!  The large pieces of nori framed the bowl of firm, thick noodles perfectly! I also had the gyoza. ..5 pieces for $3.75 - yum!  Tasty on the inside and a little crisp on the outside!  Beautiful! I felt like I was in Japan again!  Enjoyed the simple decor and way customers were greeted! I would definitely return!
5	Been here probably a dozen times and it never disappoints!  Besides the ramen, the gyoza and the fried rice are great too!!!!
4	I'm somewhat a ramen fanatic, having already eaten at most of the Seattle ramen shops. We decided to check this place out since my brother said that this place was amazing (especially since they were a good sport to take care of a group of 20 people haha.)I'm not too big on the overly rich, highly sodium filled broths that I've experienced. I decided to play it safe and went with their shio ramen w/ light sodium. The first bite I had was amazinngggg. So warm, so chicken, so doge. The noodles were perfect in every way. Not too soft and not overly chewy, I can just easily slurp them! :) the pork was really tasty too, it was made so you could easily break it into pieces, or just have it melt in your mouth.Service was excellent, the waitress was attentive and had an adorable personality. My only complaint is the wait time. I hope they get a bigger shop soon! I highly recommend this place to any ramen lovers out there!
5	Words can not describe the outstanding food served at Ramen Sora.  The broth is amazingly delicious.  The internal garnish with each dish compliments every flavor you can expect in the broth.   It's truly a special place that I just love.  I always get an extra Tamago with my bowl.  :)  Do yourself a favor and go eat a bowl of Ramen at Ramen Sora.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high but I was a bit disappointed. Had the miso ramen. It did not have the depth of flavor I expected from a ramen only joint. noodles were OK but not the chewiest. will probably return but def not a fave
2	I will say this, my cohorts loved this place, I however though Meh, I'm not a hug fan of pork and it seems that's the only option, I would much prefer chicken, and there was no option for chicken. I personally am no fan of seafood and every dish has a fishy smell or taste, most likely due to the seaweed they put it in. I would come here again with my friends because they love it but I would leave hungry. The service was excellent.
5	Perfect ramen. I can't even imagine how it could get better.I usually get the spicy shoyu and my wife gets the miso and they never let us down. I've been there maybe around 10 times.
4	Very good ramen! They're apps aren't amazing but good. The space is more open so you don't feel claustrophobic. Service is quick and wait time isn't too long. Their menu isn't as easy to get through as other ramen spots but the noodles are delicious!
4	Pretty good Ramen if not a bit pricey, but still wayyyyyyyy cheaper than the strip.  Not too oily and the broth and meat were perfect.  I had the delux shio, though I was a bit bummed by the size of a standard.  I think next time, I'll get a non deluxe option and bump it up to a large for just a buck more.
5	My go to spot especially after I watch documentaries on ramen! Oh don't forget the gyoza!
5	Very Good, I like places with small menus cuz usually everything is good and that's true with this place. Super Fire Ramen and nice curry bowl!
5	First time here but not disappointed and good to know I got a new Ramen place to go to next time I'm in town.    Place is not that big but service is fast so customer come in then out after eating in 20-30mins. Soup base is delicious, noodles, meats and other ingredients are cooked just right. The Ramen price is inexpensive at under $10 way cheaper than those that I've tried in Los Angeles, Riverside, Orange County SoCal. Highly recommended.
5	This place is amazing.  I go there maybe twice a month with a good friend of mine.  The food is delicious and the service is top notch.   The corn and butter miso with a side of spicy meet is my favorite.  Perfect place to go out to eat if you are on a budget.
5	Easily one of the best ramen spots in LV...their noodles, broth and pork are on point!A cpl weeks later...On my follow up visit I tried the Chasu Ramen with Miso broth! It was phenomenal! Great broth, great noodles and top shelf pork...My girl got the KILLER SPICY RAMEN and loved it....although she did say she would order my Chasu Ramen on her next visit.
5	This place is packed even at weird hours. I recommend coming here right when they open or at an off hour, or you will end up waiting. Wait time at 2:30 on a Saturday was still 20 minutes.I do think this place is hands-down better than Monta and highly recommend eating here. The noodles are toothsome and good. Portions are big, so those 80-pound Asian girls that eat twice their body weight can still walk away with a full belly.The meat in the bowls is flavorful and has a little more texture than Monta's.If you had to pick one of the two famous ramen shops in Vegas, I highly recommend this one. Has more room, more flavor in the food, and bigger portions. Also, there is a really big table that can accommodate a party of eight or more.The only weird comment I have is if you sit along the wall. It's right against the exterior, and I don't think it's insulated well- it's like sitting on a slab of rock in a Japanese hot spa since it's really warm on your butt and back. While consuming hot soup during the summer, this leads to a toasty experience, but the food is great, so I would make sure you get a glass of ice water with it and wear a tank top, and you'll be fine. ;)
4	This place wasn't what I expected. It was tiny but roomy inside. There isn't a lot of tables so I suggest going at a time you believe might not be crowded. We went around 2ish. 3 tables were taken. People started coming in after our food arrived. The food was great. We ordered the regular and spicy miso ramen along with gyozas. The regular size bowl was just enough for me. I left content. Not full, but not hungry still, with room for dessert elsewhere. The pork was delicious! My 6 year old had the shiyo(?) ramen. She had a lot left over and didn't look as if she was enjoying it too much unlike the way she would kill a bowl of pho. I think she just didn't like that soup taste.This was our first visit and I would definitely come back to fulfill my cravings for ramen... And try the curry instead of the order my daughter had.  Price-wise, affordable. I think our regular size bowls were under $8 per. A dollar more for a size up.Also, I appreciate the Japanese way of greeting their customers as they enter/leave. Felt like I was in Japan again. Sort of :)
4	Not bad, but not amazing. Broth is flavorful, but a bit on the greasy side. Def better than anything I can find back home in Dallas, but it doesn't even come close to all the ramen I had in Tokyo. Ordered the deluxe miso ramen. Portions are large, and the broth is soo thick that it was plenty of food.
3	The only thing this place has going for them and in my honest opinion is the really hot ramen noodles. That bowl is the best I ever tasted and well it's not only packed with flavor, but with authentic flavor. Not just noodles drizzled in saracha sauce or spicy oil. It has it's own unique taste which is not comparable to other ramen places
5	This is the genuine Japanese Ramen!I moved to San Francisco from Japan last year and have been missing Japanese Ramen.Yes, I tried to look for the best ramen shop in San Francisco and San Mateo, but I couldn't find the one satisfied my Ramen love.But finally I bumped into a genuine Ramen shop in America. Ramen Sora is absolutely amazing!! I really recommend it's Miso Ramen as our pride of Japan.
2	Really not the best place for ramen. Maybe it's good if you've never had ramen before in your life. But being from California and spoiled by the numerous ramen spots, Shoku did not impress me. The broth was not flavorful. The consistency of the noodles felt overcooked.If I ever come back, which I doubt, I would try something else other than ramen on their menu.
5	Ramen Sora Is my favorite ramen joint here in Vegas. Noodles are chewy, broth is flavorful, and the chasu is lean & tender. I usually don't eat the chasu that comes with ramen but I do eat it here. And that says alot because I've been eating authentic Japanese ramen ever since I was a little girl.  Service is quick, staff are always friendly, and food is reasonably priced.
5	Most people remember their first crush...  Ramen Sora was my first ramen shop in Las Vegas last month.   Since then I had tried 2 others in Vegas and have decided to return here to dine again with my new Yelp buddy! She's just as exited and happy to dine here as I am!Ramen Sora's location on Spring Mountain Road is convenient and easy to find.  The free parking is close, safe, and clean. The ambiance is still authentic, comfortable,  and fun!  The food remains yummy,  memorable and beautiful. ..just like a first crush!During my last visit,  I had the Nori Ramen and the 5 piece side order of gyoza for $3.75 - yum!  This time, I ate the Butter Corn Ramen.  Both times,  I enjoyed the cha siu that just dissolved in the mouth with an edge of salty spice and melty, soft fat in between the tender meat! The noodles were firm and slurp worthy.  The broth was tasty with a just right goodness!Re: the Butter Corn Ramen this visit...I really like corn: corn flakes,  corn chips, popcorn,  etc., so BUTTERED corn for me is a double treat! Yummy!  The half of a hard boiled egg was like a cherry on top of an ice cream sundae! Mmm!Maybe I'm a bit of a romantic because I can remember my first crush.  It was 4th grade. ..a time when life was simple. ..like corn, butter,  and noodles! The basic food groups!
5	This place is like a hole in a the wall goodness. It was cheap and very affordable. My first trip to Vegas and on the 3rd day, a few if us went off the strip for dinner. Decided to go here since the other Japanese restaurant was closed. As we walked in, they shout out a big welcome chant and take us to our seat. I think our timing was very lucky, we came in around 6ish pm and there was no line. This place is pretty small cant really have a big group here if you're planning to have a party of 8+ or 10+ during dinner. So they have so many choices to pick from. I went with Deluxe Miso Ramen and for an extra $1 -$2  for super size was worth it, if you're really hungry. The miso broth was very good and full of flavor. I was be ware of their "Killer Spicy Meat."  Thank god i order it on the side in a separate plate. Barely nip a tiny piece of meat and i was breaking into  sweat and i could really feel the heat in my mouth.
4	The ramen here is amazing. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is always friendly. It's a small place so it does fill up quickly during the normal rush times for lunch and dinner. They have Kirin on draft and sake if you like it. Don't ask for lemon in your water, they don't have any. The water is filtered so it's fine without it. If you want your ramen extra spicy order a side of the killer spicy meat.
5	Hands down the best ramen place in Vegas! I go here almost every week to get my ramen fixed. My favorite is the spicy miso ramen - broth is flavorful (a bit on the fatty side if you don't mind) and the noodle is at the right crunch/chewy texture. The place is located in China Town, off the strip (which is a plus because I would hate all the traffic on the strip).
5	This is by far the best ramen in all of Las Vegas! I order the Screaming for Vengeance spicy miso ramen, spicy broth with chewy noodles! Perfection in a bowl!!
5	Great place.  One of the best ramen spots in Las Vegas.A bit different flavor from Monta Ramen.  I can't necessarily say which one is "better" because I enjoy them both.Broth is on point, noodles are cooked perfectly, and the regular sized bowl will fill you up.  They offer a larger sizes as well.
4	Great alternative to Monta. I still like Monta better but Sora is different and good in its own way. I ordered the miso ramen which has a great piece of pork but the noodles were a little bit chewy for my taste. Others might like it though. All in all a great a place.
5	Definitely a weekly lunch spot, great food at a good price. If you're going for lunch there is usually a bit of a wait, but its well worth it... Gotta get my ramen fix
5	I love this place! Small, intimate area, almost feels like I'm in japan, eating yummy ramen! Gotta have it with cold sake! Delish!
3	The restaurant is bigger than Monta Ramen, but leaves some things to be desired.  The gyoza is a little bland, and the chashu bowl is just alright.  The chashu doesn't melt on your tongue, and it's a little chewy.  The ramen is a bit bland, but their noodles are perfect.  I haven't had such perfect ramen noodles since leaving Japan.  I'd prefer going to Monta Ramen.
4	RAMEN ORGYDenser, thicker, chewy, slightly aldente is the Sapporo ramen in contrast to the more commonly served thinner daintier Hakata ramen.Lavish your bowl of Sapporo ramen with extra condiments such as an egg, dried kelp, and or extra slices of juicy tasty pork belly. I have an unbreakable habit of including an egg and a side dish of pan fried gyoza.The screaming greeting as you first enter is unabashingly genuine and so is the mesmerizing Sapporo ramen experience.
3	If my review was based on the food alone I would give it a five. However this place seems like it's a little short staffed the two girls working are really doing their best but could use help. The two times I came into get meals to go I waited more than 30 minutes. the only reason i didn't call it in was bc no answered the phone each time i tried to call.  Aside from that the food is worth the wait and the people working there are very friendly.
5	This has become our go to Ramen place in Las Vegas. It's well priced and the food is always consistent. Sometimes there's a small wait but it's a small hole in the wall place.I love their Miso Chashu Ramen and their Melon Creme Soda - great for lunch and dinner!
5	Had the shoyu broth deluxe ramen. the broth was ridiculous! you should definitely stop by next time you are in Vegas.
3	Pretty good ramen in Las Vegas. Came here on a Monday and the wait for 4 was about 20 minutes. It's not that big there but the food comes out really quick. The spicy ramen was good, and don't forget to get the gyoza too! Can't go wrong with that.
5	I'll readily admit, I'm a ramen noob.  I've been to one other ramen house, exactly one week ago. Saturday night, after moving  friends all day in the heat, my fella and I decided that we wanted to give Ramen Sora a go.  We drove over, and there was a bit of a line, but the wait wasn't bad at all.  The restaurant is open, and spacious, but has an intimate feel.  The server was super nice, taking time to explain the differences between the broths to us.  We ended up ordering an appetizer "sampler" of the flavored egg, bamboo shoots, and seared pork belly.  We also ordered gyoza. First of all, I have to toot my own horn: I successfully ate my egg with chopsticks.  On the first try.  :D    The egg was delicious:  with the yolk just a tiny bit under hard boiled.  (Solid, but not dry). I loved the bamboo shoots, but was nervous about the pork belly, and almost didn't try it.  I'm SO glad I did!  It was smokey, and tender, and juicy...really delicious. Our ramen arrived next:  Mine was the shoyu (soy based) with corn.  Morgan had the shio (salt based)  They were phenomenal.  I loved mine so much, I actually drank all of the broth.  I loved the service, and how polite everyone was.  So...for the rest of the night and all day yesterday, Morgan was talking about Ramen Sora.I started feeling really under the weather yesterday, and felt just as bad this morning...and the only thing that got me out of bed was a trip back to Ramen Sora with friends!We got to try the miso broth this time, as a friend ordered it...it was awesome.  SO rich!!Service was spectacular, and the food was just as delicious as it was Saturday night.  I definitelly have a new favorite place to eat!
5	I am an admitted Ramen snob. These people KNOW what ramen is supposed to taste like. The broth is Stupid amounts of good!!!! It is rich and dense and luxurious and has a depth of flavor that you won't find any where else in America.  The noodles are slightly al dente Sapporo noodles and the pork is melt in your mouth tended. Even the egg has been flavoured very subtly. The entire place feels like a typical Japanese ramen shop but with lots of room to accommodate us Americans with our need for personal space.
4	Don't let the funny looking box building sign fool you, this place is worth stopping for. It s small, but packed with a line outside the door. It s clean and the service is fast. This is only the second time I've been to a place where the ramen is made here. We had the shoyu ramen with pork belly , bamboo shoots , seaweed and egg. Plus the screaming vengeance ramen with assorted ground chilis,  pork belly, egg, bamboo shoots, and special sauce- pls tell us! This made my husband sweat more than any other ramen or pho'  he has ever tried. This place is affordable and delicious. Go for it!  It's right in the heart of Chinatown...
4	This ramen hot spot was quiet when I walked in  soon after it opened for the day. It was so quiet that all I heard was the sound of happy customer slurping the soups. After trying their miso ramen it was evident why this place is so loved. The broth had plenty of depth, just enough salt to pique my tastebuds, well seasoned and tender slices of pork, and thin wavy noodles with plenty of chew to them. An order of gyoza comes with four dumplings. Beautifully crispy on the bottom but leaving an oily aftertaste.Credit cards are usually accepted, but this day their connection was down and couldn't process and cards. I wasn't informed of that until after my lunch. Luckily, I had some cash on me.
5	Love it!!! The best place to eat ramen ever!!!!
4	Torn is the best way to describe it.   I'll just come out and say that I've been a Monta fan for years and probably always will be.   Buuuuuuuuuut, I gotta say that Ramen Sora is right up there, and actually eclipses Monta in some aspects.   Needless to say, you can't go wrong with either one of them, but let's just focus on Ramen Sora.  I love hot stuff, so obviously I ordered the Screaming for Vengance.   I gotta say, it was hot, but I've had hotter.   Not saying that I wanted it hotter, but in my opinion, it was just enough heat to make you say......Damn!   But not enough heat where you couldn't actually taste the food you were eating.  I loved the texture of the noodles and the chashu was very tender and tasty.   The gyoza was good, but I didn't like the fact that you didn't have the shoyu, vinegar, and chili oil on the table to make your own gyoza dipping sauce.   Not a deal breaker, but I typically like the sauce more acidic than how their's was.   Our friends ordered pork fried rice as well which was very tasty.   This spot is super busy, and unfortunately since everybody waits inside, you can't help but feel rushed.   At least at Monta's the long line is outside......hahaha
3	If you like lighter version of Monta ... This is the place... A little bigger space also... I tried the miso ramen soup. Not bad...
3	I don't know what it is, maybe I'm just not a soup lover. Or maybe I'm actually really picky! I wasn't really blown away by Ramen Sora, but I did have a pretty good experience! Ambiance: 3 - I like the casualness of the place, and how it looks like an actual ramen joint! There's not much seating, it can probably seat 30-35 people at a time. It is plain and clean, but not very interesting inside. Service: 5 - Loved the service and our server! It was a nice change to see someone who wasn't Asian serving at an Asian ramen place! He was actually really helpful and really kind. They were fast at bringing our food out and filling our water. They are always checking on you and always available to service you!  Food: 4 - I liked it, but I didn't like it. Just like I said earlier, I feel that I'm pretty picky about the soup I slurp! The one thing that I really enjoyed is that every order, though it might have the same soup base, has a completely different flavor, which I really enjoyed! Because of this, I can't say that there was a favorite or a soup that was better above all the rest, because they are all tasty/interesting on equal levels. I just can't recommend one, so my advice would be to close your eyes, spin around, and point your finger at the menu! If you're a soup lover, you'll probably enjoy the flavor no matter what you choose!!
5	Went here tonight n had the spicy ramen with vengeance.....WOW!!! I'm in love!!! No sh*tn about spicy that was awesome!! My 5months son in my belly is kicking up the storm, this place is one of the best ramen, been to San Fran n had good ones but this was Delish!!!!!
5	Soooo --ooooooo--ooooooo good! Their broth is to die for, cashu is cooked perfectly, little extras like bean sprouts and buttered corn and just the right amount of spice make my meal perfect. Their broth is so good, I usually order an additional small bowl of broth to fill my bowl once I am down to noodles.Reasonable prices, friendly service, delicious food:  Ramen Sora has made me a ramen lover!
5	Oh... my... goodness... this is by far the BEST ramen I have ever had. I have tried the majority of the ramen places in Seattle and I must say that none come close to Ramen Sora. Ramen will never be the same for me....Came here on a weekend night and came in right before a huge rush of people. The restaurant isn't very big and the place seems very popular. I ordered the spicy miso ramen with extra chashu. The broth was amazing and it wasn't too spicy. It was just enough to give it extra flavor without burning your mouth. I don't know how to describe this broth. It was warm, rich, and absolutely delicious!! The chashu was cooked perfectly. It was tender and practically melted in your mouth with the miso broth. I also thoroughly enjoyed the bamboo shoots that were still a bit crunchy, perfection!I tried the shoyu broth as well, which was good, but nothing compares to the miso broth. If you come here, don't even contemplate about getting anything but the miso. It is a MUST! The ramen comes in regular or large, and by large I mean ginormous. It's a pretty big helping, so you've been warned. The service was on point. We were seated immediately. The waiter was very attentive and informative. He was able to explain the different broths and the different menu options. Everyone was able to decide what they wanted rather quickly after he educated us on the menu and everyone was satisfied with their order. So job well done. I can't wait to come back to satisfy my ramen cravings.
4	Awesome ramen goodness with some nice prefixed selections such as the screaming for vengeance or the deluxe sora. My only gripe was even after ordering the xl I wanted to get some more noodles when I finished my initial noodles and you can only add more at the beginning kind of a bummer l.  Other than that fantastic broth and noodles not as chewy as I like but won't stop me from coming back.
5	Ok, I always come here ever trip to Vegas but this time I tried a new ramen house up the road and boy was i disappointed! I came here today for lunch and omg I can't believe how amazing the food tastes! I won't ever try another place in Vegas again!!!!
5	ive never had real ramen until i tried Ramen Sora and its just amazing! i crave it weekly! the first time i had it i needed it 3 more times the same week. Love the Spicy Miso  Ramen. I tried the killer spicy and burned my face and insides but its was so good and im going to try again with just a side of the killer spicy meat. The service is always great whether we eat in or order to go. and try the creamy melon soda its yummy. the gyozas were good but its kinda hard to mess those up. and the mini charsu bowl was tasty too. weve had just about all the different toppings but have only had the miso broth and wouldnt dare try to screaming vengeance. my husband and my kids love the ramen too age 3 and 1.  love love Ramen sora!
3	After hearing this from a friend I decided to check it out with my dad. The staff guy was friendly and it wasn't packed. Anaconda started playing and I was like he ck yES.Now onto the actual review. My first concern was if the chopsticks container have a daily cleaning, but I just brushed it off. My dad and I ordered both the deluxe with Miso soup. We didn't wait for a long time, so that was a plus. The noodles were hard to chew, but I got used to it and the broth was alright. The toppings were pretty standard, but boiled egg was my favorite! And the chashu was too chewy, not melt in your mouth, and it was kind of cold. I washed it all down with creamy melon soda. All in all, it the ramen was so so, but I might be coming back in the future.
5	Great ramen! As well as the pork fried rice! Theyre really spot on when it comes to their food. Highly recommended!
1	AUGH! I'm used to Fukumimi's ramen, so this place was a real let down. I should have turned tail the moment we walked in - the two people with me agreed that it smelled like dirty diapers. Yes. It smelled like someone was trying to hide some sort of hideous diaper explosion that had just taken place. Cleaning chemicals barely mask the smell of fresh baby butt. I don't understand why.... or well, I didn't until our food came out and our ramen had the faint eau de diaper essence. Why? What are they using to flavor the ramen? I'm not sure if I really want to know. The only decent thing was the gyoza. Also, I don't normally leave reviews, but this place was so disappointing that I had to bust my phone out while in the middle of eating.At least the server was really nice!
5	Best ramen I have ever had!! The chashu was fall apart tender. I also had the chashu rice bowl and it was great, I highly recommend it. There's no place like this in AZ, the places are strictly ramen. They have 3 sizes; regular, large & deluxe. I recommend the regular, it's more than enough for one person. Can't wait to go back to Vegas since I am now craving the rice bowl. Get there early as the place is small and fills up almost as soon as it opens.
5	I go here frequently, and order miso ramen and a mini chashu bowl almost every time. The melt-in-your-mouth pork belly is incredible. The noodles taste very fresh, with a delightfully springy texture that the noodles over at Monta Ramen are sadly missing. The miso broth is creamy and rich - a perfect comfort food. The lunch rush had me and my friends waiting for half an hour due to the small seating area, but the staff were friendly and served us quickly and efficiently. This is definitely my favorite place in LV Chinatown!
3	Mediocre service, but the food came out fast. The food was too salty for my taste and it didn't settle too well in my stomach. It have me a stomach ache right after and I felt very lethargic. It was ok, but I will not be coming back. Had better in California.
5	This has to be my favorite ramen place by far. Tried another place and was very disappointed. It lacked the rich flavor and the soup was luke warm. I took my friend to Sora and he lived in Japan for years. He said the quality of the food was dang near the motherland. I will try other ramen places but nothing will even come close to the wonderfulness of Sora.
5	The Best in Vegas. Monta also good at #2.
5	This place has the best Ramen I've ever eaten in my life. I ordered the large and I finished it, but I was so fat I couldn't get up afterwards. The pork is unlike anything I've ever had before.  It was literally perfect. This place is pretty small and there is always a wait at the door, with good reason. My friend's wife is Japanese, and a great cook herself, and this is her favorite ramen place in Vegas.  Protip: Order a Kirin on draft to go with your meal.
4	Best ramen house in Vegas! The food and service are great. The ramen miso broth is my favorite add some sweet corn and butter, life is good! This place is small, so plan your visit accordingly because when they are busy prepare to wait for a seat. It can also get a little warm inside.
5	I am new to Ramen. My GF took me about 6 months ago for my first bowl of awesome. I was shocked at how delicious it was. since then I have tried a few other places and nothing compares to Ramen Sora. This is my favorite spot by far. I get the spicy bowl with extra egg, miso broth. NOM!
3	Anytime someone talks about ramen in Vegas, it's either in reference to either Sora or Monta. I finally tried one of the two rivals last week. For me, ramen is graded on three components: the noodles, the broth, and the ingredients (usually the pork and the soft-boiled egg). How does Ramen Sora measure up?There were a number of different broths to choose from, but I decided on the basic shoyu. Right off the bat, the broth was pretty thin in terms of both flavor and depth. I was shocked to later read that you could add a slice of butter to your ramen. That's not something that you want to see at a ramen joint. The noodles were average at best. My favorite part of the ramen was actually the barbecued pork and perfectly soft-boiled egg. How does the competition down the street compare? Stay tuned for the review on Monta.
5	My second favorite ramen place in Vegas. The broth is a little light, so I always ask for the shio base. It's always so tasty and I can't wait to visit my family in Vegas so I can go back.
4	Monta Ramen was scarily packed, so we came here instead.   Delicious cheap ramen.  What's not to like?  My only complaint is the wait and cash-only policy.  It's a good away- from- the- strip option.
4	I love this place better than Monta but please stop Yelling to every customer when they come in or when they leave "annoying voice ever"!!!!
3	I was on my way from Southern California to Zion National Park last weekend. I wanted to try a ramen place so I did my homework on yelp before the trip. Ramen Sora got good reviews so I gave it a try when I made a stop at Vegas. I ordered the Sora Deluxe Ramen. $10 for this portion is not generous but not too bad. The taste is ok. They forgot to put any bamboo roots in my bowl. I talked to the waiter and he said they are really sorry. I think for vegas standard, the ramen might be good. For southern California standard, this is kind of average.
5	Easily the best ramen I have had. The price is incredible for the quality of the food. The broth was flavorful and compliments each ingredient. Beware, the large size is HUGE. This is worth the trip.
5	Whenever someone ask me "What's a good ramen place?" I recommend Sora ramen. I can't believe I haven't wrote a review since I come here all the time ever since they opened. Yes, I understand ramen is not the healthiest but I'm sure we all have that sudden ramen craving :)ServiceI have never, NEVER received a bad service here. They always welcome customers with "Irassyaimase!" and a big smile. Wait time can be long at times, especially during the winter but once you are seated, servers are attentive and fast. I'm always amazed at how fast my food arrives. Never waited longer than 10 minutes which is a huge plus (considering I waited over 30 minutes for my ramen at Misoya and Jinya).FoodI have tried both shio and miso ramen and personally like miso ramen better. You get a few slices of chasyu that melts in your mouth along with ramen noodle and egg cooked to perfection. I like how the broth is not too salty like how other places can be sometimes. For the appetizer, I have tried their mini chasyu bowl which is amazing. It's a perfect size if you are not that hungry. It's almost like a snack since it's not really a meal. I have also tried their gyoza. I'm very picky with my gyoza since my mom cooks amazing gyoza. Sora's gyoza wouldn't beat my mom's, but it is good compare to many other places I tried. At the price range of $8-$10, the quality of food you get here is awesome. From my experience, people in Vegas either like Sora or Monta for ramen. I have tried both places but I personally think Sora is better.
5	Straight to the point menu. My favorite Ramen house in Vegas!!! Monta a close 2nd. I've only had the butter corn. I'm not a fan of the shrooms but allow them in for flavor. I get it Miso style. The staff is very kind. Excellent service. I gotta try the Matcha next time for dessert.
5	This place is amazing! And yes, it is better than Ramen Monta, which we had just the day before. Hub hub had the vengeance--broth is the spiciest ramen we have ever had but quite good. I had the miso and it was perfection. The broth is creamy, rich and very robust in flavor and the noodles here are just the best!We will be back for sure!!!!
4	For a hot bowl of noodly soup, Ramen Sora is a pretty solid choice.Me?  I'm used to eating Top Ramen for 10 cents a bag, and adding toppings like boiled egg, green onion, and Tabasco to make it my own.  I ate the crap out of cheap ramen when I was in college and I still take a trip down memory lane every once in a while and indulge in a heaping bowl of Top Ramen.  Until recently reading it can cause cancer!  What the Hell doesn't cause cancer?Ramen Sora was a good (but decidedly pricy) alternative to the miracle in a tiny plastic pouch.  I like the place - small, quaint, close, cozy (we could hear our neighbors talking about their dog ha ha), pretty comfortable.  If you don't mind a lack of privacy then Ramen Sora will suit you nicely.  On a cool night, some warm broth was on order for the wifey and I.  Wifey is like many others, "What is the deal with a bowl of noodles?"  She doesn't get it, but didn't mind going along for the meal anyway.  I myself have delved deep into the psyche of the bowl of noodles.  The broth - how it should represent a culmination of the land & the sea.  The noodles - how they should create just the perfect 'slurp' sound when sucking them down.  The chasiu - how the fattiness should infuse the soup with its...PORK.  OK, OK, I admittedly watched a snippet of 'The Ramen Girl' and went along with it.  But yes my friends, there are those out there that take their bowl of ramen seriously.  Didn't bubble your broth all day long?  Forget it.  Didn't use pork bones from a Kurobuta pig?  Psssshhhhh.  No green onion from the Hokkaido prefecture?  Uh-uh!I admire all that goes into making that perfect bowl of ramen but damn, I'm not gonna go all preachy about it!  Just let a guy eat!  Thankfully, the folks at Ramen Sora did just that.Wifey got the Deluxe Sora Miso Ramen.  Honestly?  She ended up not liking it much.  I had to make her understand that a miso broth would probably be pretty salty, especially if you're sensitive to it.  Which she is.  The noodles for her were different as well.  Had to tell her for different broths come different styles of noodles.  Her noodles were a bit thicker than what she was used to in a bowl of noodles.  She did like the pork because it was tender and juicy, but refrained from finishing all the slices because they were a tad too fatty.  Which overall made her bowl of ramen not just salty in her taste buds, but too rich as well.  Wifey only managed to finish about half her bowl.  Yay...more leftovers for me!I had the Shoyu Ramen in a large so I could have an extra helping of noodles.  Big bowl!  For me, the broth was good - rich but not thick, flavorful but not overly salty.  I did overall like the broth but I was wishing for a more porky undertone.  The ramen noodles were excellent, very slurpable, great texture and chew, good flavor.  Cooked just right and not soggy.  I just about finished the entire bowl.  I do only wish that I had more chasiu in mine, as well as a bigger serving of menma too (pickled bamboo shoots).  We also got a side order of their house gyoza.  That stuff was killer, on point!  Chewy skin, crunchy on the bottom, healthy amount of pork filling.  Very tasty, very dippable!  5 pieces for under $4, not badly priced.  Good accompaniment to our bowls of ramen!Will probably be back again soon now that we're in winter mode, and I'm sure the wifey will probably pick a different broth in her ramen.  I myself did like the shoyu flavor and will just opt for a deluxe with more meat, and also an extra helping of noodles.  Then again I keep hearing there are a handful of great ramen places in town now so maybe we'll hit them up for a try.No Ramen...No Life!  Did Brittany Murphy say that in the movie??
5	I've been to all the 4-star plus ramen spots in town and this place is my favorite. The noodles here are the thick wrinkled kind and they just go so well with all of the delicious broths! I usually get the spicy miso ramen and it never disappoints. Sometimes there may be a short wait when you come, which is understandable because I always see taxis dropping off hungry tourists, in addition to the locals who visit, but it's worth the wait!
5	Can a bowl of soup be life changing?Yes it can.I am an absolute sucker for a bowl of legit ramen. Unfortunately it's impossible to find in the part of the country where I currently live. More than that, most people around here don't even realize ramen is a thing beyond the cheap instant noodles. But I digress...Much like most of the places I ate on a recent work trip to Vegas, I picked Ramen Sora based on reading reviews on Yelp. I'm so very glad I did.The restaurant is incredible. The soup is superb. The pork broth, all thick and marrowy, is beyond compare. The slices of pork in the soup melt in your mouth, and I don't mean in that in the figurative sense. I mean that if you were to live in some culinary fantasy land where you could cross breed a pig and a stick of butter, this is the texture its meat would be. They aren't stingy with the portions at all... unless you're downright starving or sharing with someone, ordering a large is completely unnecessary.You people who are local to this restaurant need to thank your lucky stars; I'd honestly pay $50 for a bowl of their ramen if I could have it here.
5	Always delicious. Corn Butter Ramen with miso broth. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	I wake up and roll over and think to myself what is my tummy craving? Wait, what is that you say? Rammmmmen.... But not just the packaged dried crap you get at the discount aisle. It's calling for that savory umami brothy goodness that is cooked for days on end that with one taste brings you to an eye rolling ecstasy.What is the only place that comes to mind when I think about this? Ramen Sora. Hands down the best ramen I have ever had. It starts when you first enter the door. You get greeted with a loud and warm "Irasshaimase!" and for that split second you get sucked into a vortex and transported into Japan. The ramen? Killer. The broth? Exceptional. The chasu pork? Tender and flavorful. Mix them all together into one bowl? A flavor combination that will have your head spin. Get the miso ramen and the umami level goes up to 11. It's a pure delight to have one of these savory and rich ramen dishes all at a small price of  $10. With the cold weather upon us, this will be on my return often list. I can't get enough of them. They win. Take my money!Get out of the way Monta there is a new king in town and it's called Ramen Sora.
5	There are many ramen shops in Vegas, I believe this is the best of them. I like that there is more space than Monta, and thus usually not as long as a wait. I stayed in Vegas for two weeks this past summer and went here four times, that's how delicious it was even though it was 110 degrees outside. They have three types, shio (salt), shoyu (soy), and miso. My goto is the Spicy Shio Ramen with extra chasu. Even better accompaniment is the Melon Creamy Soda that is perfect on a warm day. I can always go anywhere in Vegas to get a decent bowl of ramen, but nothing warrants such a craving except Ramen Sora. The broth is memorable and the chasu is soft and juicy. I only wish they were open past midnight...
5	I haven't been here for a hot minute but we came here for a quick lunch so I thought I would update my review... STILL DA BOMB!! Shoyu Deluxe was ordered by both of us. Broth is rich and flavorful and the pork is like MELT IN YOUR MOUTH BUTTER SON!!!  SOOOO freakin' DELICIOUS! NOM NOM NOMMMMM!
4	Japanese Ramen house... I like it here, something different... That's why I love Vegas.... Great foodie town...
4	Had the Shio Ramen and it was really delicious. They have a lot of the most essential Ramen varieties and the flavorsare well balanced.Also I recommend you try the Gyoza! It's really good with the accompanying sauce.
4	A rainy day must! 11:30am and already a line waiting outside. What is this recent ramen obsession of mine? I used to be content eating Cup O Noodles with a cracked egg...don't judge, we've all been slummin' at some point.A friend of mine recommended Sora and I'm glad to say I can still call her a friend.First off, I appreciate the quick service and slightly more ample seating. The servers were on their game and quickly delivered the goods with a smile and thorough explanation of the menu. I initially expected to pay a la cart for tamago, chashu and spicy meat like at the other places. But for $8.50 I can get a SPICY MISO RAMEN with all of the above...what a great deal! Of course you can get extra portions of these items for just a $1 or $2...again not a bad deal considering some other ramen houses charge much more.SPICY MISO RAMEN was perfect! I loved the spicy meat that should be a ramen staple...lean ground meat with a slight sweetness and once mixed into the rich, not too salty miso broth, completes the ramen experience. Chashu is a newly acquired taste for me as I wasn't a fan of fatty pork belly, but in a steamy bowl of ramen is now an unctuous treat I crave. Chashu, slow braised pork belly that takes hours to cook to achieve that tender, melt-in-your-mouth texture. The only thing I didn't like and will probably always have an aversion to is the fermented bamboo shoots..menma. I think it ruins my perfect bowl with its stinky presence...sort of like the uncle no one likes who keeps showing up at dinner. I must remember to omit it from now on.I enjoyed the simplicity of Sora's ramen that didn't try to pack in everything and give you ramen ADD with adding things like black garlic, chili threads (offenders know who they are). Ramen is a simple bowl of comfort food meant to satisfy and warm the soul. Sora achieves this and is what a good Obaasan (grandma) would approve.
5	My girl and I love trying new styles of food and then trying to find the best.  We have unanimously voted this is the best ramen place in the city.  Check it out!  The broth is absolutely to die for!
5	Lived in Tokyo for 6 years. This is hands down the most legit Japanese Ramen in Vegas. It's small so expect to wait during busy hours but stick it out, it's worth it.
5	Been here once before, but it was awhile ago and I don't know why I did not leave a review. This place is amazing!!! Was craving noodles for awhile now since the weather has been a little nippy. This place had definitely satisfied my craving plus more! The ramen was perfectly cooked and the meat was so flavorful and tender. I got the miso soup to go with my noodles and I am totally happy I did. The miso was not too overpowering. I definitely recommend this place to get your ramen fix!
3	We meant to go to Monta but the wait was too long for some people in our party so we ended up down the street here at Ramen Sora. We waited about 30 mins for a party of 8, but the place is pretty speedy so it wasn't too bad. I had the miso ramen, but I felt like it was a bit lacking. Overall, it was a decent meal and not overpriced.
4	Quality ramen selection - three different broths and the noodles were perfect texture.  The miso was very flavorful but got a bit dense with the noodle starch and pork belly.  Next time I'll try the shio broth instead, which is thinner. Nothing spicy so you'd be safe upgrading to the hotter soup and/or meats.  Wish the appetizer menu was bigger - spring rolls maybe?
2	Not impressed at all. Esp for the price $10 for bowl. Broth tasted a bit old and noodles didn't taste as good as usual places. Monta is way better
4	Ramen sora is another great place for Japanese ramen and cuisine.  They offer well portioned size bowls that already come with a variety of toppings included with the option to add more to your hearts content. This place can get busy during peak hours and weekends but wait times are usually not that long. I am a big fan of their miso flavored ramen and I do recommend you try them! I would also recommend their pork chirasu bowls. In my opinion their chirasu is the best in town!!!! My only gripe with ramen sora is that they do not allow you to order extra noodles on the side like other ramen places in town. 4 stars for great food!
5	I love Monta, but lately I've been kind of bored with it. It always feels so heavy. I tried out Ramen Sora and I was so excited to see a SPICY ramen. I got this with the miso broth and it was amazing. I like that they have both regular and large size bowls. I ordered the regular and a size of mini curry rice. Their beers are also gigantic for the large size and I love that they offer pitchers also. Basically more options wins in the battle of Sora vs Monta
5	Hands down the best ramen in vegas. I've eaten the twice in one day. The miso broth is so creamy and rich it's just out of this world
5	YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSthe workers are funny though. Poured water into my brother's sprite.  YASSSSS LOL It's okay we forgive you.
5	This place continues to amaze me, the screaming is awesome......what is really great is the leftovers after a couple days....even better...the flavors are unlike any others anywhere, fabulous.....
5	I love spicy ramen and I have to say this place had the best, it's called "screaming for vengeance" the service was great and quick I mean the only bad part is if you have to wait outside until you are called.  I seriously missed the broth and all its glory after every gulp, slurp and bite I had, not to mention I was left wanting more.  Screaming for Vengeance has the most extra ingredients in it so you might not have to.  If you are a big eater get the large trust me you won't regret it.  You really can't compare the noodles or the broth to other spicy ramen and I have had my share of them.  Orochan Ramen in little Tokyo doesn't even come close to how perfectly spicy and flavorful Ramen sora made theirs, but Orochan Ramen is way spicier, now having said that I still wouldn't want Ramen Sora to change a thing.  I am really glad my friends and I tried this place out and found a gem.  It literally doesn't get better than this and I may have to attribute the balanced flavors to the noodles that were pretty eggy in flavor but hands down its probably what contributed so much to making it right, spicy and delicious.  The restaurant is small so the capacity isn't very big it could probably fit around thirty plus people.  Come early or wait and if you do wait keep waiting because its well worth the wait.I can't wait to come back next time I come around to vegas.
3	I had the spicy Ramen and it was okay.  I've gone to Ramen places in Seattle and compared to the flavourful broth I experienced there, this place fell short of my expectations based on the reviews.  It's busy though and there aren't many tables so get there early.  I had the miso broth and again only okay at best.
5	Fantastic!! Love the Ramen! There's definitely a wait but worth it. Get the Gyoza and Miso Ramen. I get the Spicy Miso Ramen with extra bamboo shoots. Yummmmy!!
5	YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSthe workers are funny though. Poured water into my brother's sprite.  YASSSSS LOL It's okay we forgive you.. Much prefer to keep my brothers sprite not so bland next time tho.
4	Daughter ordered the miso ramen, I had the negi ramen while my beau ordered the spicy miso ramen.This was the first time the beau had authentic ramen and he really enjoyed it. He also ordered the Gyoza and I ordered a side of fried rice. To be honest, the food was amazing. Coming from LA I was scared I might have picked the wrong one but after reading Monta and Sora, I chose Sora. We, as a family, were not disappointed!Thank you Sora crew! You introduced my beau to true authentic ramen and rocked it!!!
5	My new favorite ramen! Shin-Sen-Gumi step aside. If you love thick ramen noodle you will love this place. I love the spicy miso ramen!!! Nom nom nom, flavorful and delicious! Long wait though :(
5	If I go a week without Ramen Sora I begin to have painful and longing withdrawals. This has become my favorite little place with the best and most delicious ramen l've ever tasted.If you come down to this little hut in Chinatown, prepare yourself for at least a 20-30 minute wait. Of all the times I've been to Ramen Sora I've had to wait (especially during the lunch and dinner rush) except for the time I came at 10:00pm. (By the way last seating is 10:30) BUT DONT LET THAT STOP YOU!!! This ramen is WELL worth the wait.To my fellow vegetarians, there is no true "vegetarian" ramen available here. Although, if you don't mind having pork broth, you will still enjoy it. If you're picky then order yourself some fried rice no pork (still yummy, but you're missing out). If you don't mind the pork broth, make sure to ask for no chashu, the little pork bits.Now on to the food. I always get the same thing. And no, it is not repetitive nor is it boring. I get the corn butter ramen, miso broth, no meat no chashu. Hands down, the best, most amazing, most decadent ramen you'll ever taste. Im so happy with my choice that I've never ventured off to the shoyu broth. If you want spicy, the lovely waitresses will bring you chile oil and sriracha.If you are in Vegas and you don't mind waiting a bit for excellent food and great service, stop by Ramen Sora and get yourself some awesomeness in the form of miso ramen.As they say at Ramen Sora, "No Ramen, No life!"
4	Great ramen with a good variety of Japanese food, portions are fairly size able w/ good taste. What I like about this place is the portions are great for the price.
5	A great meal...inexpensive and will fill you up. Flavorful and really unique!! Just be prepared for a long wait...it's a small restaurant that is extremely popular!!
5	Some of the best ramen I"ve had. Went there on a Monday night and there was a 40min or so wait but much worth it.Had the killer spicy miso and it was actually pretty spicy and damn good. Good chaisu , not too lean. Its been a month and a half so I dont remember how the gyoza were but I think they were good.Compared to east coast prices this place was dirt cheap, both the base ramen and the add-ons. Good food, good service, good prices.  Solid.
5	waited about an hour for lunch but SOOO worth the wait. . .ramen was hot and delicious. the charsiu just melts in your mouth and i normally dont eat it!!! friendly service and excellent food!
5	Decided to take the family's last 2014 dinner here. I came out full and pleased  with money to spare. It's a small restaurant with an open feel. The furniture has a dark wood tone that gives off a slight traditional feel but with actual seating. The menu is simple and if you're not sure what to order, the servers are very informative. The price won't kill anyone. Good place for lunch to late snack. Alcohol is available but Japanese brands only. The soda is purchased by the can. They do provide a glass w/ ice. The only thing I regret is not coming to this place years ago. We are now going to be regulars to this place.
4	I took my mother and sister here on the recommendation of a coworker. Having passed it by before I warned my mother that it was not a big place and looked like a "hole in the wall" type of restaurant. But sometimes, those places are the best and this was one of them. We knew it when we arrived 15 minutes before it opened and already there was a line, and this was the day after Christmas! Fortunately, we were the second to last to be seated once they opened their doors.The restaurant was clean and despite that there were only two servers, service was pretty good. Two tables were already being cleared as we were being seated. This is a ramen place afterall, order it, eat it (slurp it) and leave so the next person can get a table. I've driven past there several times since and have not once passed by without seeing a line out the door. It's that good. I haven't been to a ramen shop since I lived in Japan over 25 years ago. I thought the flavor and presentation were very authentic and would recommend it to everyone. I'll certainly be back!
5	Driving through Vegas, found this off of Yelp reviews. Boy was I glad we stopped. I don't know who's idea it was to put butter and corn in ramen, but I am sold. This ramen was some of the best I have ever had: noodles with just the right amount of chew, The shoyu (soy sauce broth) was flavorful and not too salty. Everything was great.Now let me tell you what BLEW MY MIND.. Whatever you do, don't pass up the appetizer menu. The Seared Pork Chashu ($4) was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Period. Seared and smoky on the outside, tender tender tender on the inside. A little ribbon of fat that just melts in your mouth. Sauce that compliments the meat perfectly with out overpowering it. This is the kind of dish that converts vegetarians. This is the kind of dish that pigs dream about becoming. Forget the strip, forget an overpriced buffet, just don't forget to get here early.. the place fills up fast.
5	This is a great place for a different kind of Ramen.  Sapporo style ramen is slightly different.  I go here for the super Spicy kind of ramen as well as the only place that has Shio.  It gets a little busy, but overall, the service is amazing and the food is great.  I recommend when you want some good ramen.
5	This was the best ramen I've ever had. I got the spicy miso ramen and gyoza! The noodles here are my favorite ever. I want to come back soon! Everything was perfect. A bit of a wait due to our large party, but the service was not lacking. Friendly staff and good food. Best combo
4	Yay! we didn't have to wait in line since we got there as it opened up. by the time, we left 40 minutes later, a lot of people were waiting around. I tried their butter corn ramen and the broth (grab the Miso) was very rich. You definitely can taste the butter (d'oh!), but ohhh! it's good. In term of Chashu, I have had better but I am not complaining. My hubby ordered the Spicy miso ramen and he liked it. It was good stuff and I actually like the spicy ramen better than the butter corn ramen since the broth is not as rich.
4	I think I might like this place better than Monta.. But I still like Monta's noodle better. It's a decent size ramen house, however it gets busy really fast which makes the wait time ridiculous. I ordered the miso ramen with extra egg and nori and I thought it was delicious. They are very generous with that nori. I do like the size of the place better rather than being squished next to people at Monta. They are a little more expensive but if you think about it, at Monta all of the extras add up to the equivalent or even more than the price of these pre-set ramen choices.
4	I can say I enjoyed my visit to this establishment. The restaurant is tiny and gets very busy quickly. I would recommend coming when they open to avoid the long wait. The broth for the ramen comes in 3 different choices: shoyu, shio and miso. I had ordered the miso Screaming for Vengeance ramen bowl. It had chashu pork, menma, seaweed and bean sprouts. It's supposedly the most spiciest ramen in Las Vegas. I can say it wasn't nearly close to being spicy that burned. It had a slight kick but it wasn't, by my standard, spicy. But the broth was very tasty. It was a pork based miso broth. I slurped up the entire large bowl I had ordered. I loved the texture of the noodles. It wasn't too chewy and it certainly wasn't over-cooked. It was perfect to me. Perfectly chewy and enjoyable. The chashu pork was melt-in-your-mouth goodness. I recommend anyone checking this place out of you're in the area.
