3	As a Diamond member the room quality can be hit or miss.  The rooms that have been remodeled have big screen LCD's and are very nice.  Rooms are quiet which are unusual for a HGI.  The breakfast is average buffet and of course free for me.The only complaint is this Morris Day  looking mother fucker at the desk too lazy to lift a finger. Been here for 6 weeks and it is one of the nicer mid-market HGI's.
4	After a choppy flight, losing my luggage, I spent the first night sleeping in my travel clothes...yuck.  American Airlines brings my bags to the hotel, and a Sudan-Charlotte (that's what he told me at least) bellhop delivers the luggage to my room.Bellhop: Whoa.Me: Sup?Bellhop: Oh my god...where are you from?Me: San Francisco.Bellhop: No, no, no.  Before that!Me:  Oh ok...LA.  That's in California.Bellhop:  No I mean...I've never seen someone so dark with your kind of eyes.  Me:  Oh, this is how we all look in California.  Bellhop:  Ahhhh...interesting.  I had to give him a bigger tip for that one.  My room had a jacuzzi in the bedroom.  If i only had a posse and a party to go with it, it would be pretty hot.  Large rooms, clean, nice layout.  The shuttle drivers are cool.  People are really nice in Charlotte.
3	Definitely not the best, but sad to say, I've seen worse.   This hotel has the look of having bad plastic surgery.  Although remodeled, still feels worn out.   Still going through major construction in lobby with many amenities limited or closed.  Yet they have no problem not telling you this when you book nor do they offer any compensation on the bill.
3	The double queen beds are great for a family of 4.  Nice and new hotel but hotel needs to hire more cleaning crew. The room was dusty and quite dirty.Will not stay again.
4	A very nice hotel to stop on the way. I will not recommend to come here for a vacation. The food are very good. They have two smalls pulls, one inside and the other one out side. They have nice Hot tub too.The rooms are good enough.
5	Have stayed here 4 times and totaled 11 nights. By far the best hotel in the area. They have amazing service, walking distance to great food, right off I-77, and the option for free breakfast or collecting points if you're an Honors member. I like points but the breakfast looks amazing.
5	Great hotel with great service. They were extremely helpful in helping my company set up a business account since we have many travelers coming to the area.The rooms are spacious and clean.  Free laundry machines and the staff is first rate.  I highly recommend.
1	Terrible service! This hotel held $871 on my debit card upon checking in until my husband's company called in with their credit card. The funds were never released back into our account and it has been over 3 weeks. We have the receipt where Hilton charged the company but the GM has not been the least bit helpful and even went on vacation leaving no one to release the funds. It's Christmas time and I am 9 months pregnant, almost $1000 has been held for no reason. My husband has contacted corporate and they are currently trying to reach the GM and my bank is currently disputing these charges, but this has been a run around that both my husband and myself could have done without at this point in our lives..
