5	Super clean!!!
5	This place is very clean, the staff is usually friendly, and it is never busy here. I don't think anybody knows it's here yet! We love going for that reason. MUCH better than the Target up on Litchfield and McDowell, plus we live so close to this Super Target that it is super convenient. We even shop for groceries sometimes... not a bad selection, and their prices are decent for that stuff. They have lots of clearance grocery items sometimes too, which kind of sounds gross but it's not because they are close to being expired or anything. :) I think they just sometimes have a surplus and need to get rid of the stock. Overall, pretty standard Target review stuff... but it does stand out because it's clean, checking out is fast and easy, and it's never that busy. We would even go here if we lived closer to the other Target, just because it's a much better experience. We like Target in general, but we avoid the Litchfield/McDowell location because it's an annoying place to visit :P This location is much better!!!
4	Best target ever. Clean, organized, and you feel like you are the only one around. Sort of like your own personal store to shop at. No lines at checkout. lots of parking. Super convenient.  It even has a starbucks inside. I prefer this target to any I've ever been to.
1	Me and my boyfriend always come to this Target (every weekend). Tonight when we went to Target we were harassed by the security guard and escorted out of the building. I'm guessing she thought we were stealing something from the store. All we bought were cheap earrings, a swim suit top, an xbox gift card, and a rockstar drink. When we were near the check out line she came up to us and asked if we "needed any help with anything" (but not in a polite way). We said we were fine and then went to go check out. While we were checking out she stood on the other side of the register we were at and watched us pay. After we were finished pay she came up right behind us and kept asking us if "we were sure we didn't need help with anything" and continued to follow us out of the store. She embarrassed us in front of shoppers and Target employees and made us look like thieves. I have never been treated this way in my life. Horrible experience and management will be hearing about this.
4	This is one of the nicest cleanest targets that I have been to.
2	I actually love this Target store but I am not a fan of your hours. Opens at 9 a.m and closes at 9 p.m.  It opens rather late in the morning and it closes too early in the evening.  I certainly suggest management to reconsider the hours of operation. At a minimum open the store at 8 a.m.  This was my go to place for school supplies and I love doing my Target shopping in the early morning once I drop off kids at school before heading into the office.  If the hours change, I will change/update my review.
1	Target gets 1 star. And that saddens me. I typically love target. Tonight I went into this super target to get Easter items and a few food items. It was late. This target closes at 9 pm. At 8:45 they started announcing the store was closing at 9, from this point on they announced closing times EVERY two to three minutes, I kid you not. About 5 mins to the hour, I basically had a team me never following or better yet corralling me towards the front of the store, asking what I needed to get. What I needed to find. I was almost to the front and after being told the time was 8:48, 8:51, 8:53, 8:55, 8:58, at 9;00 they shut the lights off but a few. Really?!? Poor taste. Ruined my whole experience. Once I got to the register they could not check me out fast enough and get me out the door. I don't understand how this is acceptable anymore? When I worked retail in my late teens, early twenties, we locked the doors at closing but current clientele could finish up their shopping, and not be reminded every two minutes. For some of us, this is the most convienet time to shop. Target, I might be one, but you will no longer get my dollar.
3	Yep. It's a Target.
