5	I am an Italian from New York that moved here about 15 years ago. I love the south, but most of the Italian places I've tried have been anywhere from all right to downright bad.Fontanella is an exception. It's a family-owned place, not a huge chain, and it shows through the food and the service. The restaurant is dimly lit and the decor gives a real authentic Italian feel, and there's a special section off to the side for a perfect romantic setting. The staff is friendly, not of the hopped-up-on-Prozac variety, but they make you feel like a regular even if you're a first-timer. We had a party of about 12 and they were very accommodating to our needs.The menu is simple; pizza, pasta, chicken, veal, etc. No gimmicks. Prices are in line with competitors at around $10-18. The food is very authentic. No effort is wasted on making the food look pretty and neat like they do in the chains, the taste is enough to impress you. I've been to Fontanella several times but my favorite so far is the veal scallopini, so juicy and full of flavor. Fresh stuff too, even their croutons are freshly made. Oh, and if you still have room for dessert (good luck!) they have AWESOME cheesecake.Overall, a welcome change from the chains if you want a true taste of real Italian food.
5	Very, very good food.  Everything here from bread sticks to dessert was fantastic.  They have a great wine selection to go along with your meal.  I've always been a fan of white wine and they have some very special ones here.  I can't think of the names of them right now, but that just means I'll have to go back! Anyway, the service was great.  We never had to flag down anyone, they made sure everything was taken care of and we were happy.  And the dessert was fantastic.  You can't go wrong with chocolate in my book, and I have yet to see evidence to the contrary.  Definitely a winner.
5	I celebrated an anniversary here, and it was really nice. The food was great, the service was great, and the ambiance was great (if a little corny). We set out with intentions to go to Carrabba's, but when the line was long, we decided to patronize the little guy instead. It was a great decision. I had an excellent baked lasagna. The server was charming and tried all night to sell us wine. Business was a little slow on the evening I was there, so we felt no pressure to get out so the next table could get it. We sat for a long time, just talking and lingering over the food. I probably would have had leftovers if I hadn't been there so long to eat slowly. We also at a tiramisu what was AMAZING. It's hard to go wrong with tiramisu, but this one was memorable.I recommend this place highly. It's a little off the beaten path, but I think it's a good thing.
4	Being new to Charlotte my husband and I were running around doing errands. We were hungry and used Yelp for help. Fontanella was nearby and showed one $. We decided to get a cheap bite to eat. Once we got there and looked at the menu the $ didn't seem accurate. Most of the entrees were $12-$15. Even though we were expecting cheaper prices, we were happy we found the place. The server was friendly. The portions were large! My husband and I could have shared. We ordered Eggplant Parmigiana and Spaghetti Marinara. Side salads and fresh rolls are included. In addition, a side spaghetti marinara comes with the eggplant entree. We definitely enjoyed the food (and will enjoy the leftovers as well). We spent approximately $30 and had a very nice, quiet dinner. The atmosphere was clean. There weren't too many people eating and no one was smoking at the tables, but I noticed that in the bar area smoking was allowed. They may just allow smoking in the bar, but it wasn't distracting at our table.
4	Showing my age - at least as a Charlottean - I recall when Fonatenlla opened.  This is for two reasons.  One is because there used to be a Chinese buffet in the location, which is obviously now gone.  The other is because there were spotlights shining, and we followed them to see what was happening, having no idea why the spotlights would be running.  We ended up having dinner there.As far as I can remember, this was the first time we had been back since, and it's also the first time that we stopped in for lunch.  Mostly it's because we noticed that they are now offering a lunch buffet, and there are very few (perhaps not any other) Italian buffets in town, so we figured why not?The buffet is not huge, like your standard Chinese buffet, but it does have a decent selection, with a pizza or two, some stromboli-like items, and at least a half-dozen pasta and chicken choices in pans as well.  While they aren't going to be as fresh as something you order from the menu, just because they are sitting on the bar, you do get the opportunity to sample a number of dishes for a decent price.Unfortunately, I don't know the exact price - I think it's about $7 each, so the deal is well worth it.  You won't have leftovers, since that's a no-no on a buffet.  But you can certainly fill up!
4	Outstanding food at a reasonable value for a luncheon buffet. Good varity. Service a bit slow but friendly.
4	Comfortable atmosphere, friendly staff, and a chicken Marsala that's worth the trip.
4	Great buffet lunch- I'm not a big fan of buffets in general, but these guys lay out a good spread. Various kinds of pasta, a good selection of meat (veal parm, chicken marsala, meatballs) and quality seafood (shrimp, mussels, fish, calamari) as well as a light smattering of pizza and sliced calzones. Everything is hot, fresh, and they bring out a rotating variety of dishes- not just an assembly line of the same stuff tray after tray. Everything I ate was delicious and worthy of seconds- and I think there was only one dish on the entire buffet that I didn't sample.The buffet prices are pretty good too, but if the banners outside are any indication, they only offer it for lunch? Though according to the friends we went with, their regular meals are just as good.
3	We came in pretty late (I'd say 10PM?) and we were seated (even though 2/3 of the restaurant's chairs were already on the tables). We didn't feel rushed and the although we knew we were the last customers (they DO close at 11PM) we never felt any attitude from the waiter or anyone on the staff. 5 stars for service for sure. We ordered calamari to start - this was how we were introduced to the cuisine. I'm sorry to say but these were the WORST calamari I have ever had. They were so overcooked it was impossible to eat them - rubbery and the breading on the outside was almost burnt. Our main courses came out - chicken parm and some kind of pasta with tomato sauce. Although the portions were HUGE (def a bang for your buck!) the flavor and authenticity of italian food was lacking. And I mean major lacking. I usually clean my plate - I had a few bites and couldn't eat anymore. It was as though they opened up a jar of store-bought tomato sauce and threw it over my pasta. Having been fortunate enough to have amazing italian food throughout my life I couldn't eat this. Also - the wine was awful. Overall - the service is great and I like the family aspect of it. The food is bleh, eh, and blah. If you're looking for large portions at low prices this place is definitely great. But if you're looking for authentic italian food with the true hearty flavor then this is not the place for you. But at the same time - I think it serves it's target clientele just fine.
5	Good Italian food and great service.  Forget the Carraba's across the parking lot!
4	Great food.  We will be back.  Service is great also.
5	Great service and serious food!
4	I also will show my age, Chad E..... I remember the Chinese Buffet as well.What also is a little weird for me is how close this Italian place is to Carrabbas - it's right behind it.  And actually that's how we tried it for the first time is because the wait for a table at Carrabbas was so ridiculous we just decided to take a shot in the dark.The food is good, portion size is way out of control - makes for a good take home box or two.  Service is always friendly and good.  If the dining room fills up, you can always eat at the bar (first come first serve).I think their menu has been chopped down a bit, which is probably good for the kitchen so they can focus on a couple of dishes rather than a whole smorgasbord.I really like the way the place is pretty unassuming on the outside, but packs all the flavor and goodness in its food - no nonsense Italian cooking.  Just the way I like it.
4	Thank you Yelpers, I have driven past this place a hundred times and last night read everybody's reviews I wanted to give it a try.  A true find this is one of the best Italian places in Charlotte and from a value perspective the best.The service was great, the waiter gave suggestions when my wife asked and he really knew the menu. My wife had the Pork Chop Fiorentina   Two seasoned and grilled 8 oz. pork chops with prosciutto, melted mozzarella cheese and a marsala wine sauce these are amazing i had the Chicken Favorita Thin chicken breast stuffed with prosciutto,bread and mozzarella, then sauteed in a white wine and lemon butter sauce with mushroom again amazingThe only reason this was not 5 stars for me is the wine list was a bit limited, not bad just limited more like 4.5 stars :)
4	Pleasantly surprised...I've driven past this restaurant a zillion times but to be honest with Carrabba's right next store I guess I just ignored it.  Big mistake this place is awesome.  Definitely the type of Italian food that I like. You could tell the place was family owned, the service, and food were great.  I suggest starting with the calamari, fried to perfection served with warm homemade marinara.  The menu is huge and you will have a tough time making a decision.  Entrees are served with a salad which is pretty tough to find these days.  Give this place a try you will never be tempted by the chain restaurant again.
3	Menu Please!  Since I did not eat from the Buffet I will not comment on it.Yesterday I had lunch here.  It has been some years since my last dine here.Minestrone Soup: Hot!!!  Not spicy hot, temperature hot (always a plus)!  Huge chunks of vegetables! Huge variety of vegetables - where it fails is flavor!  It has a good flavor, though not a seasoned flavor - The vegetables had that fresh texture, some with crunch - Flavor only a little above average!  3.5 yelp stars.Next see my photos of this (not on the Menu) salad - Beautiful and the taste was A-OK  - 3.5 starsMy Waitress said the Italian Dressing is House made.  It tasted bottled, though a very good bottled, Not a very good House made Italian!  3 starsMy Entree was Stuffed Shells and Meat Sauce.  Shells stuffed with Ricotta Cheese and some herbs. 3.0 starsMeat Sauce - Super light on meat and _______ and flavor! 1.75 starsTiming of the courses was perfect!!!  PERFECT ! ! ! Gave me time to hand write some notes about each course and prepare the draft for my review.  My Waitress could somehow tell I was not in a hurry and wanted to take my time!The Hostess was very pleasant and had a great sense of humor!  The service was pretty smooth, though they were busy.  Two ladies waited on me and did a good job!  Both very friendly and kind.  This is not a complaint, only an observation - I wait staff hands me the bill without asking (I know most people probably do not order dessert after a meal this Huge) "would you like Dessert?"  Unless you do not have it - ALWAYS ask, Me!  I always want Dessert!!!  If it does not look or sound good I will go somewhere else to have Dessert!  So I have to say... "What about Dessert?"  Service rated 4.5 starsBrought out one at a time!!!  Extra Points for that!  Timing was PERFECT!  First a Cannoli - it was good or a little better. 3.5 starsNext and minimal extras on these desserts is another plus (Thank you for leaving off the whipped cream, cherries, chocolate and other sauces - Thank you!) I call it Chocolate/Chocolate Cake they call it "Death by Chocolate"  (enough with the drama Italian Tragedy - overused Death associations with Chocolate).  This Thick, Rich Chocolate Dessert is the best I've had in a while - It was very good - Here is the question would I go back for the only food I rated higher than 3.5?  No!!!  Though this place in my book is a solid 3 yelp stars - I'll keep looking for the Italian I want so Badly!
4	Short version:  great food and service at reasonable price.Long version:Enjoyed a good dinner there last night.  No wait to get in or seated.Service was prompt, with hot rolls and butter arriving almost as fast as we did, and drinks only moments later.  Had one of the veal dishes and was very happy with the taste and portion size.  The salad was included, was a reasonable size with fresh lettuce and tasty dressing.  The wine was a little disappointing, but nothing to take away from the meal.  I didn't have dessert but the person in our group who did said it was great.Bathroom was clean.Loved the live plants everywhere (so much nicer than all those dusty and depressing silk ones in the chain or lower-end restaurants).  Loved the little fountain in front with the herb garden with a delicious aroma to set the stage before you even get through the doors.Would have given it five stars if the bench had been comfortable (next time I'm getting chairs at a table), and if there had been more appropriate music, not the far-past-its-prime 70s pop.
1	I am sorry, I have no idea where the other reviewers on here have eaten Italian before, but this was the worst I have ever tasted in my life. I will get straight to the point--the food:Appetizer- Fried Calamari- The large photo next to this appetizer in the menu shows rings and tentacles with what looks like a nice, light breading...BUT THIS IS NOT WHAT THEY SERVE! The waiter brings us a plate of the thickest tubes of calamari I have ever seen and NO tentacles whatsoever. The breading was not light at all, but extremely thick. The meat inside was very chewy and the marinara had no flavor. Salads- Ceasar: Huge, limp pieces of romaine lettuce with bagged shredded parmesan cheese, soggy croutons, and a side of bottled Caesar dressing. They do not even dress their caesar salad!               House: Brown, water-logged iceberg lettuce with a translucent piece of tomato that was half-frozen, soggy croutons, and bagged shredded mozzarella. The italian dressing had been in that ramekin for weeks because it was congealed to the point where it wouldn't even pour out. I really wanted a salad, but I couldn't bring myself to eat even a bite.Entrees: Veal Marsala- Imagine salisbury steak with mushrooms and some cheap marsala wine thrown on top...                Chicken Parmesan- Chewy, tough chicken, soggy breading, the same flavorless marinara from the calamari, and bagged mozzarella melted on top. If I was starving I could eat it...maybe. Side- Sauteed vegetables- Microwaved green beans, cauliflower, and round carrots that were very overdone and then drenched in butter.Chid's meal- Chicken fingers and fries- Heavily breaded chicken fingers and shoestring fries. The fries were actually my favorite thing out of it all!All in all, I will never go back. I wish I hadn't gotten my hopes up for quality Italian when I saw the reviews. I don't usually like chains, but Charlotte is making me look at Carraba's and On the Border in a whole new way ever sine since I moved here. In my opinion, the private restaurants are so BAD except for a very select couple of places, but they are nowhere near Matthews. This was by far the worst, however.
2	Not the greatest.  Bad tea.
3	Walking into this place is exactly like stepping into a tacky 70's Eyetalian restaurant in Brooklyn. In fact that's exactly what it looks like, this little restaurant right around the corner from Pratt institute, kitsch and all.  I asked the waitress "baked zitti or Lasagna?" she says  " I don't even care for lasagna but this one is good" Cool lady, very matter of fact I like that. I thought she was from NY, close but no cigar. Yes the lasagna is good, and unlike at Tony's it tasted like Lasagna should, typical Southern Italian- not that Fontanella would worry any 5 star restaurant mind you. The dressing for the Caesar  salad was strange. I thought it was ranch. The waitress told me that everyone says the same thing but they don't use creamy Caesar dressing unless you ask for it. I don't remember what the table wine was but it was serviceable. All together pretty good for a $10 Italian dinner (wine not included) but I doubt I would order from the more expensive menu. Well the waitress told me that they make a killer rib eye I might give it a try. I'll make sure I get the same waitress again, no hanky panky but I like dealing with "straight forward" people.
4	I'd give this spot a 4 for the lunch buffet. There's nothing fancy but it's good food at a very reasonable price.  Im not from the area so I depended on yelp to find a nice spot in an unknown area. *food: overall pretty good. Nothing spectacular but it satisfied my craving for Italian. The buffet had everything from a salad, pasta with meat, pasta without meat, white sauce, red sauce, desserts, etc. and everything I had was flavorful. But again, nothing exactly noteworthy. *price: amazing. With a cup of tea, buffet & including a 20% tip it was $11-12. Which is why it deserves 4 stars for the lunch buffet.I don't think this place is pretending to be something it's not - just good Italian food at a very reasonable price.
5	Fontanella is a very decent Italian tratoria that serves good food for a very reasonable price.  I come from an Italian American family and speak Italian and worked traveling back and forth to Italy for years and for me for the price they charge this is great.  I eat there every chance I get.  The brothers are genuine Italians from the old country and work hard to make the place as authentic as is reasonable.
2	I still rate this restaurant a solid three stars for the lasagna or the $10 dinner in general but when it comes to the 'finer" dishes ... read on.I decided to try the Chicken Rollatine this time , mushrooms, prosciutto, Marsala wine etc. Back in the day I would have ordered the veal but I've been dissuaded from eating veal again because of  the way they're treated, downer So chicken it is, but if you are going to sell me  a $17 plate of chicken in a dated, tacky restaurant on East Independence it better be good, real good! The service was very attentive and quick, the dinner rolls were very tasty and the glass of house Cabernet was pretty good for the price.  End of the good stuff. The blue cheese dressing for the salad was the same generic stuff they serve in cafeterias. definitely unsuitable in a good restaurant and the salad was equally indifferent. The main dish looked absolutely terrific but I couldn't believe what I tasted on the first bite. I stopped, took a second bite to confirm my impression.  Other than a faint trace of Marsala the sauce might as well been brown gravy, totally bland, I couldn't taste the mushrooms (because they were the tasteless pre-sliced canned ones) or  Prosciutto  or pepper or capers or rosemary or anything that resembles Italian cuisine! Also they don't offer to grate parmesan or grind fresh pepper over the dish, instead on the table were the same dispensers you find in cheap pizza joints, powdered imitation cheese. I didn't see the point in ordering a different dish. Instead I asked the waitress to take the plate  back to the kitchen and please use a little more Marsala,, pepper etc. The owner came by and took it to the kitchen. The dish was back 5 minutes later, warmer and with a stronger taste of the wine this time. I poured some more pepper and the taste was now "acceptable". The owner paced the whole time for no good reason and as he sped by me he went "Good for you now?" - a real class act. I wondered how can they get away with selling food that's so bland but when I looked around I realized that just about every customer was over 65 - well over some of them.  That may help explain it.My advice is to stick to the simpler, less expensive items on the menu and don't be fooled into taking Fontanella for a fine restaurant. If I was the manager I would have straighten out that kitchen in a matter of weeks.
5	Best Italian food around! I can't say enough good things. Great food, huge portions, friendly staff, great bartender, great service, not a bad item on the menu. After having date night there for several months in a row, my wife and I had our rehearsal dinner here. Everybody loved it.
5	I'm rather surprised I have not reviewed Fontanella yet - one of the best places for southern Italian food in Charlotte!The owners are no strangers to restaurants - this is not their first successful Italian place in Charlotte. Hailing from Italy, they bring an authenticity and richness to their business that chains can only hope to poorly recreate. Dark and intimate, the servers and hosts go out of their way to make you feel at home.  There are two ladies who normally take care of us - they remember our names and what we normally like to order, something that rarely happens these days.The food is incredible.  Nothing too fancy, just great tasting old-world-style dishes at a great price (and hearty portions, too). The veal dishes are a personal favorite of mine.  Not authentic, but they do pizza very well, too.A great way to introduce yourself if you have never been is their expansive lunch buffet. You can sample many of the headliners on the dinner menu as well as a few other gems that are exclusive to lunch.
4	My wife and I used to eat here every Sunday until we got busy doing other things. After about 3 months away, we ate Sunday lunch buffet today.As usual, the buffet was fresh and delicious. The choices were extensive.Now the down side. The restaurant was not quite full and even though we had a waiter that has been there for years, the service was a little slow. Also, the bread served was not the rolls that they had served for years. Instead of an artisan style hard crust roll, these were almost like brown-n-serve rolls. They were not even warm.Definitely out of character for this restaurant. Even the co-owner brother was not the happy person that was enjoyed by many in months and years past.Something was wrong. I hope they bounce back soon.We will be back.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE,   again they hosted our monthly group .,     and again they did  not disappoint ! We had a nice group of 30 people and  they handled it with  ease ! ! ! !      LOVE THIS PLACE can not wait to go back !
5	As you can probably tell by the brevity of my original review of Fontanella, it was my first foray into Yelp. Now that I've got just a few more under my belt, I believe it's time to update my review and explain why I continue to consider Fontanella worthy of 5-stars. I wouldn't say that Fontanella has an extraordinary elegant sense of aesthetics. It's very much decorated in the old-school Italian-American fashion: lots of fake ivy, knick knacks, and so on. The table clothes are protected by glass covers. It is, however, intimate in an old-school way. Also old school: they're closed on Sunday and Monday.That's were my criticism of Fontanella ends; the rest is good stuff. Fontanella must be a decent place to work, since the members of the wait staff have remained pretty consistent over the year or so we've been going there. All of the servers we've experienced have been friendly and attentive.The food is great. As others have mentioned, there's a lot of it, so either wear your stretchy pants or be prepared to take home leftovers. I especially recommend the fried calamari appetizer. All of the pastas are delicious, and anything with marsala sauce will be kickass. They do serve the salad dressing on the side, which is a fine dining no-no as I understand it, but I've never felt the need to get my knickers in a knot over it.I have the feeling Fontanella will remain a standby for the foreseeable future.
4	I came here for their buffet lunch, which I thought was great. And priced around $6, this was actually amazing. The amount of choices and the quality of it was I thought not bad at all, especially at this price. I tried all of the dishes, which didn't really have names because it wasn't labeled, but I had the lasagna, mozzarella with tomatoes, salad, and more. A lot of the dishes did utilize the tomato sauce though. Almost about half of all the dishes had tomato sauce. Half of the other side bar used salad mixed with condiments. The other side was filled with the main courses. The chicken I thought was a little dry, but that's usual considering it's a buffet and it's not fresh out of the kitchen.Another note for the buffet: Make sure to be careful with the handles! I almost got burnt when I was trying to get food because the handle was resting over the steamers. Also, I couldn't try out that dish because the handle was just too hot.In the end, it was good and for this price I would definitely come back and visit.
4	So I went here for dinner with a friend for the first time. I actually decided on this place because of the great reviews on Yelp :).  I was in the mood for some good ol fashioned spaghetti and meatballs. I always say you can judge an Italian restaurant by their meatballs-they must be homemade-thanks Gordon Ramsey. This place passes with flying colors! The service was very quick and precise. Kinda made me feel like family. By the end of the night I picked up a little Italian accent I think lol. If you like Italian and are in the Matthews area. This is a must try. Going back soon!
5	"You can't find a more authentic Italian restaurant in Charlotte"I LOVE Fontanella's.  The ambiance is just okay, but their prices are reasonable, the portions are New York huge, and the food is excellent.  (Okay, to be fair, I haven't had any of their seafood offerings, but Fontanella's marinara is "spot on" excellent, as is their Chicken and Veal Parmigiana.  Same with their Ziti and Meatballs.)You'd be hard pressed to find better Italian comfort food in the Charlotte area, at any price.
3	We finally got a chance to try this place and I must say I'm pleasantly surprised.  Despite several reviewers noting bad or slow service, we had very good service.  The server may have been new to the restaurant world because oddly, she asked what kind of dressing I wanted on my Caesar salad. Funny, I thought. I had the Chicken Favorita with a Caesar salad and a side of spaghetti.  All of which I found to be fresh and delicious. Portion sizes were quite generous.
2	Disappointing. I had high expectations from the reviews and appearance.  Lack of variety and originality.  Great if you like marsala sauce, pre-fab foodservice generics and breaded everything.  The red sauce/marinara was the only thing I could say something good about, but I'd bet it too came out of a can or jar.  Definately NOT worth the money and I hope to never go back.
5	Fabulous authentic Italian food, prepared fresh daily.  Service is excellent, good variety of dishes on menu.  Charming atmosphere.
2	I'm so baffled by the reviews for this place.   I don't get it.  I am a self-proclaimed "italian food snob" but maybe I am the one that has bad taste.  I highly doubt it but I'm so baffled at this point that I have to explore all options.I don't need to write too much on this restaurant.  I was always taught growing up that unless you have something nice to say, don't say anything at all.  So, I'll get straight to the point.Charlotte lacks truly good Italian food which is why so many people rave about the places that are mediocre to horrible.  I have to believe it is because you have yet to try really good Italian.I usually don't eat out Italian but the times I have I always order something very basic.  To me, the mark of a really good, authentic Italian restaurant is told by their spaghetti and meatball dish.  If you can get the sauce right then you have my stamp of approval.  Seriously.  I have tested that theory with the best charlotte has to offer in terms of italian and it has held up quite well (ie Fiamma, Zio, etc).Bottom line...they just aren't that good.  I ordered my usual spaghetti and meatballs and the sauce tasted like ragu with a cup of sugar added.  The meatballs weren't bad.  They were almost good.  The bread was not fresh, it was frozen rolls from Harris Teeter that were not even warm.  The rest of my party tried a couple of the chicken dishes and chicken parm.  Some said their food was pretty good but I had to consider the source.  One being my brother in law....he thinks guacamole is an exotic delicacy....soo....The decor was dated as others have stated but I don't even care about that.  If the food was amazing then I could care less if it looked like a roach should be leading me to my seat.  Supposedly the owners are from Italy...I just don't get it.  This place was packed on a Saturday night too....still don't get it.  Scratching my head on this one....
5	My husband and I recently found out that the same people that owned Mama's now own this restaurant. Being regulars at Mama's we decided we had to go. As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted by the hostess who was very nice and friendly. The food was wonderful. We tried the mussels in a red sauce as our appetizer and they were outstanding. We also had the lasagna and the chicken don carlo. Both were excellent and there was plenty to take home for the next day. The service was fabulous, our waitress Samantha was amazing. She was very attentive without being overbearing and annoying. We had been to Fontanella's a few times before the new ownership; however the food was never this good. We will definitely be coming back.
4	Excellent service especially from Edwin! Thank you for a great evening!  Food was top notched love the family atmosphere & the price is right!!!!
4	The old owners have sold this to another chain (?), food is changing so I am not sure if I can say we will continue going here. I miss Sarah and all the wait staffthey had for years. It is not the same.
2	Caveat under new ownership. In fact I only rate it 2 stars because the waiter was so very eager to please, the lasagna was a 1 star loser.  Granted 2:30 is late for lunch so I won't hold it against them that I paid dinner prices or that it took 20 minutes.However the lasagna was served cold, the pasta was hard, the meat in it was a solid brick and the sauce tasted of catsup.  An unsatisfactory dish improperly reheated : fail.The waiter did ask me several times if everything was alright, if I liked the food etc.I tend to make suggestions when I think there's room for improvement but I didn't believe there was a point here so I lied and told him everything was fine.
3	We went here as a somewhat large group on Mother's Day to celebrate 3 women in my husband's family. We ordered 2 of the sampler appetizers and all of the food was very good. The calamari was very crunchy. My only complaint was the fried mozzarella seemed a little greasy. For my entree I ordered a sauceless pizza with sausage. They had the strips of sausage, of which I prefer the rolled sausage, but it still had a pretty good taste. My husband got the chicken parm and that was very good. I stole some bites from him. :)For dessert I had an ice cream float. My Sister-in-Law tried to order their gelatto, but they didn't have any. Weird because the word is plastered on the outside of the restaurant like four times. Our waitress was good. It was her first day and we are a pretty tough group, so I thought she did great. I do think the kitchen was a bit slow. Not sure if it was because they aren't used to the crowds, but it took a long time to even get our desserts. Overall, good food, good waitresses, slow kitchen.
3	I go to the Zx Gym 3-4 times a week, and one day I was really hungry. So before I hit the gym, I came in here for lunch.I just had a Caesar salad that was surprisingly, only $4. It was a good size too. The only thing that sucked about the salad was that the croutons were burnt. I mean, really?However, the server was nice, but he didn't show too much urgency. I waited almost 15 minutes to get my check after I was done eating. When he picked up another table's plate, he dropped a knife on the ground, and it landed right by my feet. He kept walking to drop off the dishes, and I was assuming he would come right back for it. But no. I picked it up and placed it on the edge of my table, but when he finally did return with the check, he didn't even pick it up or acknowledge it. That's just unprofessional.The decor is also just bad. They need to update majorly. I'm sick of seeing fake plants hanging from the ceiling.
4	I have been to Fontanella a few times, and have always had a good experience. Most times I order from the menu. The servers are friendly and the food is fabulous! You can tell the food is cooked with love, it has a much different taste than any chain restaurant. Today I was able to enjoy the lunch buffet! It is a great deal. Nothing on the buffet was there long; everything was hot and fresh, and very flavorful! When I thought of the buffet I thought "oh, there is just going to be an array of pastas to choose from." However, they had a great choice of food including chicken masala, chicken parmesan, Alfredo, and linguini, along with pizza and salad. I can't wait to visit for lunch again!
2	New owner, new management, new staff, new food. The owners used to have another little Italian place with the worst food in Matthews. I'm sad to see the Fonanella's I loved go. I've only been once since the owners took over and I could tell a difference in the food. The alfredo was over seasoned and the chicken tasted frozen. I am told the staff was asked if they were happy with the changes, and if they weren't, they were let go.
4	Fantastic lunch buffett, pizza,  but also great if you just want a great bowl of home made soup and salad!
4	Pretty good Italian, nice mom & pop setting.  The menu selection is a little lacking as far as typical Italian food.  Good food though.
1	Gave this restaurant  1 star because otherwise will not be able to rate. Many times passed by this place and because waiting was over 1 hr on our regular joints, we decides to give it a try. Big mistake, service was slow and food was mediocre. We (our party) was more upset for the poor service an elderly couple was getting. Spoke with waiter and he acknowledge the situation but he said there was no much he could do. I said, you better go to the kitchen and wait and fight for your tables...it is your leaving for crying out loud!!. Food tasted as out of can or frozen box. This will be last time ever we will eat at this restaurant.
1	We gave them one more try under the new owners. Big mistake. The food has gotten worse as has the service.Bread and butter came to the table and some of the butter had already been used. When I told the waitress, she simply said she wasn't the one who brought it. She did bring more. The ambiance has changed a lot as well. The lights are brighter, the noise is louder. This is no longer a good date night experience. as for the food. I didn't like the alfredo last time so this time I went with the baked ziti. The marinara tasted like it was from a jar. Too sweet, under seasoned, and watery. Stouffer's frozen lasagna is way better. We are so going to miss our favorite authentic Italian restaurant.
2	Should have never changed the recipes. I have been back twice since new ownership. I have to say I will give them one more shot. The place has lost the touch of service that was given. I feel while talking with workers that they can do better since everyone was really nice.
3	Went here on a Valentine date with my daughter since all the other restaurants were packed. Convenient location and the atmosphere is very Italian with a huge fountain in the main dining area.  We were greeted quickly and seated. The menu has a great deal to offer and I ended up getting the shrimp and scallop fettuccine. It was nothing spectacular and the sauce was a bit bland. I also had the calamari for the appetizer which was just okay. I would probably not repeat but there may be other choices on the menu that could be tastier.
4	We went for the lunch buffet, yummy!( on 3/18)  We enjoyed the food but our waitress was good just not pleasant, disgruntle even!
3	This place has really gone downhill since the new ownership. This used to be one of our favorite places but we don't eat there anymore. Kind of a shame.
5	The best lunch buffet I've ever had in my life! Very reasonable and service is great! Everytime I visit town I go right to this place!! Food is delicious!
4	Here with a group for there dinner meal before going to Hotel for the night. Truly surprised to find 2 Italian Eataries in the same parking lot. This and Caraba's. This was by far the better choice. What a surprise in finding out that my taste buds still work as good as I had oped they did. I Had Tortallini e Pomadoro. The mouth feel and flavor suggested homemeade. Found out it was, every morning it is made fresh as is all the Pasta. The sauce had a "sweet"tomato flavor with lot's of Garlic as requested and onion. Wonderful meal and great service indeed. HIGHLY recommend for Dinner. The reason for the lack of a fifth star is the difficulty in getting inot the "mall" area they are located. Had to hunt a bit but worth it.
1	So incredibly sad to write this, as this used to be one of our very favorite restaurants in the area. But we went last night and it has slid so far downhill we won't be back.  Slow, slow service. Breadbasket no longer homemade items. Chicken Parm. awful cold and tough. Baked ravioli terrible. Pizziola combination dinner inedible. Sauce awful. No more dinner specials, so prices were quite high.  The plaster is peeling from the decorative pillars so you can see the cardboard inside.I see from someone else's post that there are new owners. What they've done to this once-lovely restaurant is a real shame. I predict they'll be gone within a year. New owners, you should be ashamed of yourselves.
1	Original owners of Fontanella sold the restaurant about a year ago. Definitely not the same place.
