5	Spanel was a wonderful place for an unexpected meal! We found it just walking by and decided to stop in. Everything on the menu looked great, I wanted to try it all! The crepes were delicious and the soup was fantastic as well. The chef (owner?) and waiter were wonderfully welcoming and accommodating. They even made a special meal for my friend who is a vegan, and she said it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to people looking for a fun meal in Montreal.
5	Found purely by accident, since then every Sunday I am in Montreal breakfast is there, great service by Audrey Hepburn lookalike, food is incredible, tasty, fresh, and they will mix and match. I usually go for the savory special. Again a great place for a lazy Sunday b'fast.
4	The quality of ingredients used in their excellent galettes is admirable. My Savoyarde was stuffed with lardons, ratte potatoes and oozy raclette, and a companion's shredded duck and roast onions was full of savour (my thesaurus is overheating). Add nice service, gentle pricing and a funky interior and Spanel is an unqualified success.
5	Great place for breakfast. Crepes to satisfy any taste. Try the caramelised apples and emmental. Better than you think!
4	I really loved the food and ambiance of this restaurant at my first visit. The only thing that kept it from being 5 stars was flaky service. My brunch mates had been here before and said it was unusual so I'm chalking it up to an off-day. The drip coffee is included in the price of the meal and you get a little mason jar of fruit along with your crepe. With a gluten-free, buckwheat-based crepe, I had The Italian which contained prosciutto, goat cheese, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes. There was a balsamic glaze drizzled on top, which put it over the edge of deliciousness. Creamy, salty, a little sweet - it was amazing. The drip coffee came with a little carafe of steamed milk, which is a nice touch. I sat right by the terrace so I got a nice view, I could easily spend a few hours there just sipping coffee and relaxing.
5	Very good crepes place. Good service. Authentic taste from Brittany. Just extended the menu in the last coupe of weeks.
4	Was very good, had no previous expectations. Was pleasantly surprised. I am not at all a crepe lover either, but the quality ingredients and cozy atmosphere was very nice. Will return.
4	This place may have turned my boyfriend and I into crepe fanatics! I went all out with the duck confit crepe and have no regrets. We sat at the bar and loved the ambiance, watching the talented chef whip-up amazing crepe creations before our eyes. It shows (and you can taste) that every ingredient is high-quality and careful preparation goes into every dish.The only drawback was that they seemed to be short staffed. We waited awhile to get served. Although, once the barista noticed us, we were well taken care of.
5	I don't like overselling places, but I can't find much wrong with this amazing place. When you first walk-in, it comes off as small or cozy. Luckily there is another room at the back, because this place is too good not to be popular. Purely by accident, my girlfriend and I stumbled across Spanel when looking for another restaurant for breakfast/brunch. We rolled the dice, walked in and fell in love. We sat at the bar area, which gives you a first-hand view of how their delicious crepes are made. Prepare to drool as you see these delicious creations come together right in front of you.We went the savoury route, me having the "Quartier Latin" which is a crepe stuffed with various meats, emmental cheese and lots of love. My lovely girlfriend went for the "West Mount" which was made-up of duck confit, mushrooms and all sorts of awesome.At first we thought the service was a bit slow, but after overhearing a conversation it turned out they were short-staffed that day. Still, as soon as the staff realized we were waiting to order and had been for a few minutes, they were more than helpful and punctual. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on this one.The details are what make a restaurant something special, and I think the warmed milk/cream they serve even with their brewed coffee is exactly that - a small detail that puts them one rung higher on the ladder than the competition. They have a full espresso and specialty coffee bar, too, if you're looking for something specific.We didn't try the sweet crepes they offer that day, but I can tell you this: the next time I'm in Montreal I will be back and I will make a mockery of myself stuffing myself with crepes of all types.
5	We were visiting from the US and after a week exploring Montreal and it's french cuisine by accident found this gem called Spanel. The chef and owner is very friendly and an amazing chef. Simply if you want the real french onion soup- go there, if you want gourmet food - go there. Everything we tried was made to perfection. The owner recommended a crepe with bacon, cheese, caremilized onions and green apple. If you are a food fanatic as us you'll be exstatic from the combination. Very clean place , also has a garden for the summer. Thank you for the real french food.
