4	I think I like Timbers so much because it reminds me of home.  They have great food, which really surprised me.  When I first walked in I thought, "Oh, great.  It's dark, smokey & there are weird people playing the slot machines."  And then I remember that I live in Vegas now.  It's a tad expensive for my taste but the quality of the food totally makes it worth it.  Plus, they regularly send coupons to our house & that helps with the cost.  You can play video poker & watch any sports game you want.  They also have great happy hours & late night specials.  Now I'm hungry....
4	Like the food, its usually consisitant, but I think they have a new cook, and my husband got the Mountain of Nachos last night, well, usually he can't even finish....well, the portion was really cut down!  Not enough chicken which was a $ upgrade, and never enough cheese, so....really?  Whats the cost in chips??  Not worth the price.  But....that being said, the food and service is always good, thats why i still give it 4 stars.  The smoking, we HATE!!!!!  If there were a better non-smoking resturant closer with the same $$ and food, we'd probably stop going.
2	The TV's in here aren't arranged well, the food was lame, the bartender....Alisha was wicked nice. I would go again if my plan was to just drink beers and play the bar slots but for all other bar and grill purposes I'll go elsewhere.
5	Timbers...... You had me at your Pitchers.Then, just when I thought our romance couldn't be true, you whispered "I have wings".
2	Very expensive bar. Food is mediocre at best. The pool sticks are all destroyed and the waitresses could care less.
1	Being born and raised In las vegas I've been to bars all over this city, this is the first one that's tried to charge me for a drink while I'm playing.  LAS VEGAS BAR STANDARD IS 1 Drink/ $20 played.  I've never been told that because I happen to drink Crown Royal that my $60 in a machine isn't worth 2 shots and a beer. This is rediculous as far as I'm concerned.  If you're looking to game, do it somewhere else obviously this place is counting it's pennies so hard that they can't even afford to take care of serious gamers.
3	Walking distance to my apartment. The service is ok . The food is really good . I reccomend the sliders or fish and chips are really good. T.V's are kinda small for a sports bar and grill. I go back for the happy hour 2for 1 bud or margaritas .
1	Worst service in the northeast had to go to the bar after waiting 20 minutes for our drinks then the waitress comes to the table and refuses to serve me when I asked her why it took so long when we were the only customers in there her excuse was she is new. The bartender told us the drinks were made but she hadn't served them and he didn't know why and said he would serve us after talking to him but another 20 minutes passed and the waitress came back and wouldn't even acknowledge those of us at the table that spoke up.
4	Definitely one of the only nicer places to eat on this side of town.  They recently updated the menu and the fish taco's are great.  We go there about once a week for lunch and they are always fast and friendly.  My only recommendation is to bring a sweatshirt because they like to have the A/C cranked in this place.  There is always plenty of seating and large groups are easily accommodated.  Getting in and out on a 60 minute lunch break is easy.
5	This is the best place ever I go in at least 3 times a week everyone there is so friendly they have the best good and big portions. I would recommend going there to anyone
4	Good food and good service (ask for Cindy, if she's there!).  We come here for lunch from work sometimes.
2	Trendy and overpriced. Bartenders don't pay much attention. The food is nowhere near worth what they charge for it.
1	Ordered the Hawaiian Burger and my beef patty was still mooing! It was so raw that it was still pliable when I scooped it out. I told the waitress and she didn't care, still got charged even though I are NOTHING and we had to flag her down for everything. Wanted water? 15 minute wait. Wanted to order? 20 minute wait. Wanted to get your check? Freaking forever. Never again, Timbers.
5	Great time as always. We had quick service on both the food and drinks. I recommend the chicken wings and teriyaki meatballs. Definitely going back again.
4	Timbers is a great place for a bite 24/7. We're here this morning for the chicken fried steak and eggs. Always a winner. Also, give the bartendress a hard time, she's a bitch and the bomb.  Lol, luv ya Tina.
5	Great bartenders and great food.  Hit a couple of jackpots here on keno.  Great gaming promotions and new tvs.
4	I have had my friends visit Timbers on the weekends and they have always had great food and great atmosphere. If you are coming or going to the lake a good place to stop.
2	It has changed since before when it was more of a PT's type of setting. The food is good however kinda over priced which all bar food is but the bartenders are kinda rude ... Their pool is kinda lousy as well... All in all it's ok.
3	This was my first time at a Timbers and I thought the food was pretty good for bar food, although it is a little pricey and there are no lunch specials. I got a club sandwich w/ fries and it was such a huge entree that I couldn't finish it all! The waitresses are nice and attentive, and our food, drink and refills flowed out with no issues. I would return if on the far eastside again.
5	Stopped in for some zucchini sticks and some great Sliders.  Our favorite waitress Cindy is taking great care of us. . Oh yes and I can't leave out our favorite bartendress, Tina. She's the bomb!
2	We stopped by Sunday evening 11/14 for our favorite zucchini sticks and wings. We got 2 orders of zucchini sticks which were over fryed and several had burnt ends. They were pretty crunchy and based on the countless times we have had zucchini here at Timbers this was the worst. The 3 guys shared 2 orders of 12 wings and fries.  Again, looks like the cook forgot the fries in the fryer because they were well done and crisp also.  Wings were just ok.  They were pretty small  as they have been on several occasions the last few times we have had them here.  I think they need to find a new supplier because a $1 each they are small.  But, they were still good.  I tried the chili.We have been coming here for several years and I had never had the chili.  It was ok, but not my kind of chili.  Lots of beans including the white ones which I am not fond of in chili.(prefer all Red Kidney).  There were nice chunks of meat and tomato but it had no flavor.  It was really kind of boring.  No heat, no spice, no nothing. The chef should taste the food.  It had some melted cheese on top but that did not help the flavor.  So, I will not have this again.  Our Server Jennifer was great.  We have had her several times and she is very attentive with the drinks and keeping the table clean.  I posted 3 pics of what we had to eat. We will continue to come here for a bite but lately the food has not been as good as in the past.
5	This place is really nice especially if your hanging with friends.I really like the food and the wings are delicious. The waitress Lorena gave us good costumer service.. I will be coming back and i will definitely recommend this place to everyone.        10 stars!!!.
