5	Delicious homemade style Mexican food.  The menu is not extensive, but the food is delicious.  It looks like they are a fairly new business, but like the menu says, "the Best Carne Asada This Side of the Border!"  I think they are right. I had the Quesadilla with Carne Asada.  Everything looked fresh and the guacamole was very fresh and had a different but wonderful twist to it.
5	Top notch Sonoran style Mexican food.  The carne asada is made by experts from the Mexican state of Sonora.  Trust me, they know what they are doing.   The meat is the appropriate cut and cooked the intended way for authentic taco's you are unlikely to find anywhere this side of the border.  This is authentic yet modern Mexican food, not the type of swag you normally get in the United States.  I've traveled extensively in Sonora and can say the food at SMG is the real deal.  Entrees include barbacoa, carne asada, chicken tacos, along with staples like quesadillas, beans, rice, fresh gucamole, fresh salsa, etc. I already mentioned the carne asada but it's worth mentioning again...order the carne asada tacos with four tortillas and you will be virtually transported  to the best taco spots in Sonora.  They also have respados, which are a shaved ice treats topped with several home made syrups from mango and pineapple to tamarindo.   Oh one other thing, the tortilla soup is outrageous.  I had some the other day and was blown away at how good it was.  Honestly, it's the best I've ever had.   The ambiance is pleasant and the place is clean as a whistle.  Several details, especially the lighting and stained concrete floors, create a modern and contemporary feel.  You can tell the owners take great pride in their restaurant and in the quality of the food they serve.  This place easily holds its own against other boutique Mexican food spots and I hope it gets the visits and accolades it deserves.
4	Its very fresh, and its some tasty business. They focus on what they know, tacos, burritos, and quesadillas, no more, no less. No 200 items to choose from. Its a little tiny thing in a strip mall so dont expect stellar service. Focus on the flavor of the food and be done with it. Easy in, and easy out.I ordered two items, the carne asada burrito and a carne asada taco. I definately think the carne asada is better than La Condesa I had a few weeks ago. I think the guacamole I got along with the burrito is good. But is it worth an extra $1? I dont think so...
4	First of all, I am a huge fan of south of the border food and have been consuming the likes of Jalisco, Don Jose's (sadly they closed), Carolina's  and any other hole in the wall with a mexican name, for the last 20 years...and most recently Gallo Blanco which rocks!  So when a friend tells me of "the best carne asada in town" I simply chuckle, but make a mental note to go visit said place.Upon entering Sonoran Mesquite Grill we rushed to the counter, ordered the barbacoa burrito to share (as we were instructed to wait 15 minutes for the mesquite to be in its prime) then chow'd on some Killer Carne Asada Tacos.  Yummy!  I did agree with the other reviewers regarding the choice of flour tortillas, which are made on site, but my colleague preferred the corn.It's been just a week and a half, I've been back twice and am going again tomorrow for lunch...I know, addiction is a bad thing but I'm a sucker for good grub.Cheers!BP
5	I like reading about food and restaurants...no question about it.Some of my friends write the best stuff about carne asada, amuse bouche, foie gras and other gastro-porn delights (if there can be gastro-pubs, then there can be gastro-porn).When my buddy, Hotdish, wrote a glowing review of Sonora Mesquite and their carne asada, I knew that I needed to try it out myself!Really, it's not like I'm just following Joel around, eating lunch where he eats lunch, having drinks where he has drinks, going to the movies where he goes to the movies...well you get my drift...it's a complete coincidence that I just happen to show up at the same places at the same times!I follow lots of you around...via Yelp (so you don't need to be too worried that I'll show up at your respective houses).But you could frankly do worse than to stalk Joel and eat at the places he recommends...the man finds some gems and he really knows his victuals!So I got the restraining order quashed and headed out to Sonora Mesquite for some of the best food I've had (and I've had some good stuff, believe you me).I've been back 3 or 4 times since I first dropped by and it's so damn cute...Selena, the owner, greets me like a long lost son every time...and she never remembers that I've been in before!That cracks me up!Selena is like my wise Latina mom (well, except for the fact she's younger than I am...and I'm not really as Latin as I look in my profile picture)...she is so sweet!And...she makes everything from the carne asada and barbacoa to the charro beans, salsa and guacamole, herself...fresh...from scratch...every day (BTW, the folks at the Mission need to drop by and get a Guacamole making and pricing lesson from Selena...$1.50 for the same size side of guac that costs $15.00 at Mission...and isn't as good...maybe you're paying to watch it made at Mission).It's hard for me to recommend any one thing...the taco's are sublime, the quesa's are wonderful, the charro beans and rice are among the best in town...the carne asada is (as Joel testified) some of the best around...in short...Sonora Mesquite is a wonderful little find...and heavily in the current lunchtime, retox rotation.Drop by, say "hola!" to Selena and have a taco or a quesadilla...tell her I sent you...she won't remember who the hell I am, but that's OK...she'll treat you like family anyway!
5	if you haven't eaten lunch yet, i suggest you get your cute little butt over to sonora right now. i had the carne asada taco combo on flour tortillas. It comes with two tacos and rice and beans. I also got fresh guac. aaannnnd i was coaxed into the mexican version of bingsoo (the mexican version is better in my opinion) I had to get it to-go and head back to work... and since my hands were full of that delicious little fruity icee treat, the lovely lady working carried my lunch to my car. how stinking sweet is that? she didn't want it to spill, however, spills were the theme of the day.as soon as i got in my car i forgot about that fruity concotion and stuck my elbow in it. and it tipped over and fell.then i took a sip of my drink and that went down the front of my shirt. did i mention i was wearing white? the tacos were amazing, and the beans were amazing, and the rice too. I could have used a little more heat and I am sure if I used the salsas it would have been perfect, but i didn't want to spill that all over the place so they stayed closed. the fruity dessert thing that i got was so delicious. she made me a special concotion. it was shaved ice with coconut, mango and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. if she could have just blended that with a little rum it would have been the perfect mid-work cocktail. they should seriously start blending that little treat. amazing. next time i will go back when i have time to sit and enjoy, i will also bring a bib with me since i can't seem to avoid making a huge mess all over myself.love this place. delcious.
5	So is it awkward that I may have fallen in love with a 50 year old hispanic lady named Selena?You wouldn't think so if you met her and tasted her food at Mesquite Grill. I went there for lunch today after seeing it on Yelp's hottest restaurants and was very impressed. When I arrived it was empty so that is never a good sign. But Selena put my worries behind me. She recommended the combo platter which consisted of a carne asada taco, chicken taco, beans and rice. The tacos were out of this world. They weren't your typical street style tacos; they are so big they are almost like mini burritos. The rice and beans were good but nothing out of this world. Selena makes all the food fresh in the back and you can tell. If you are deciding between the Chipotle just across the parking lot or Sonora Mesquite...there is no question go say hi to Selena.
5	The owner is a cute, older hispanic woman.  My favorite line was, "Who is this Mr. Yelp that keeps sending people here?"It's a one-woman shop.  She was running back and forth between the register, kitchen and patrons serving food and taking orders.Maybe the best tacos I've ever had.  Very fresh ingredients.  Everything is homemade.
5	So I should have written this review about 2 years ago, but better late than never? Yes this place is tiny in a strip mall, but the hidden places tend to be the best! Like previous YELPERS, I am in love with the owner Celina is a firecracker! I was not in the restaurant for a few months since I moved out of the are, but she recognized my mother and I right away and wondered where we had been! We were able to chat for awhile after the lunch rush was calmed down. She goes and get all the fresh ingredients every morning at 0630. The carne asada is cooked over a mesquite grill and all of the ingredients are so fresh you would think they were picked fresh from a farm. There is NO freezer, that's how fresh the food is. Celina takes quality to the next level in a little pace lie this. There can be a wait for your food, but please it is worth it and quality takes time- if you want fast go to Taco Bell. I was showing Celina YELP on my phone. She was so happy that her restaurant has been rated so highly. She told me the story about wondering who Mr. Yelp was and how he knew so many people! We may have a new YELPER on our hands with Celina. I did try a repasado for the first time strawberry with ice cream on top- pretty amazing and now on top of my combo plate a repasado will be in my order as well- again Celina makes these fresh! Please if you are looking for AMAZING food and a welcoming environment head to Sonora Mesquite Grill- and tell Celina Mr YELP sent you!
4	Great little place in a small strip mall. YES the owner is very cute and sweet. The place was empty when we got there but started to fill up as we ate. I had a carne asada and a chicken taco with guac and it was great. The tacos probably could have used an extra tortilla though, cause mine both ripped.
5	I went there yesterday and am going back again today. The carne asada, the guac, the beans, the salsa. It's all just perfect. It made my freaking day yesterday and let me tell you I had an AWESOME day yesterday. If you haven't gone, go. Now. That is all.
3	Editable, overrated, too much for the price but good. Nothing out of the ordinary for other authentic taco shops but more expensive. Yes, i love beans, and these did come close to most beans I've eatin. Tasted a lot like bottled beans. The highlight was the lady....very nice and fun to talk too.....but she is very good at upselling...or maybe i'm just a sucker. Barbacoa was my fav....way better than the carne asada.
5	I grew up in AZ and I've spent a lot of time in Mexico so I consider myself to be a Mexican food expert!Saw this place on Yelp and realized it was near my house. After reading the reviews, I decided to take a chance and have lunch with some out of town friends there.Sitting in a strip mall, the interior is pretty sparse. My girllfriend thought we were in an ice cream store since the counter has a large selection of frozen gallons of ice cream. The woman behind the counter was very cheerful and made some suggestions and between the four of us, we tried a lot of the menu.The food was amazing. The taco meats were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The nachos had flavorful cheese. The guacamole was fresh. Even the tea tasted great. The homemade salsas were the highlight. The roasted pepper version was fantastic.Despite its pedestrian location and decoration, this place is a great find. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome! All the ingredients are very fresh. Carne asada is very smoky and tasty.The spicy guacamole is out of this world. I'll be chasing this guacamole recipe next time I make some.
5	This is how Carne Asada tacos should be made.  Don't let the exterior deter you.  The owner is super friendly and you can tell she is dedicated to give her customers a great experience. The inside is spotless and the food is spot on!  Keep up the great work.
5	All right guys, I'm getting a little concerned. I see the reviews and that's all well and good, but every time I go into Sonora, it's empty! After the loss of Karey's Kitchen, I feel I have to take a more proactive approach. I went to Karey's Kitchen when I was hungover all the time, but apparently a restaurant cannot live on Georgeann G.'s hangovers alone (I know, it shocked me too).Next time you think about going to Chipotle, come here instead! They can share the massive line Chipotle has from open to close every day! Don't get me wrong, I love me some Chipotle, but I don't want to lose Sonora, so I want to share the wealth a bit.That's enough of my plea. Still 5 stars. If you look at the picture of the to-go order that I just inhaled while watching a Hills marathon in my living room, you'll see why. Delicious!
5	We walk in and the lone refrigeration repair guy starts raving about the carne asada, the tea and the rest of the food. And then he professed that he was not family. We ordered carne asada taco combination plates - including spicy rice and brown beans along with guacamole - all outstanding. The proprietor - a sweetheart Mexican woman - was truly proud of her cuisine, explaining that the menu was not extensive but all ingredients are completely fresh and the carne is cooked over a mesquite wood fire - along with the chilles and other vegetables for the salsas. At one point she explained that the guacamole was served with the pit in the bowl because it helps keep the dish fresh and if you remove the pit away from the mix, it changes the flavor. She also explained that she has to start fresh with the guacamole every half hour - too cool. She was not selling, simple she was proud.This place is amazing and authentic - go there please so it can thrive.
5	Best carne asada and guacamole I have ever tasted. Hands down. The owner is very friendly and you can tell she takes pride in her business.  This place deserves to shine!
4	Very nice place -- everything was tremendously fresh -- diced tomatoes almost look fake, the color was amazing!Carne Asada Burrito was superb -- and the guacamole on the side was fantastic!Sweet lady chatted me up about how fresh the food is, no preservatives, no frying of anything -- it is all food as it was meant to be.Would have been five stars, but the serving size was a little small.  If I had ordered a side, I am sure it would have been enough.
4	The owner/chef of this place sold her soul to the devil...that's the only possible explanation I can logically think of to wrap my head around how Mexican food can be this good. So...why four stars you ask? Well...this is one of those cases where I have to consider consistency; and we've only been here once...so after a couple more visits, more than likely I'll be tacking on that coveted 5th star. We checked this place out the other night and first thing I have to mention is that it was dead...the whole time we were there nobody else came in...which is scary; as others have mentioned, a place like this should be a mad house with the type of food they're serving up...God forbid someone from Cocoa's (which is next to it) actually grew some taste buds and walked over there for some real food. Anyway, I'll get off my high horse...here is what we tried:-Chips/Salsa - Chips tasted fresh...both salsas they brought out were very flavorful. One of them which I believe was the roasted salsa was basically just a chunky mash up of roasted peppers and onions and was spicy heaven in a cup.-Carne Asada Tacos - Wow. Seriously...MY GOD. This is probably the best carne asada I've ever had. Tender, flavorful, glorious toppings...served on a soft and fluffy flour tortilla...foodgasm. -Barbacoa Tacos - Melt in your mouth good...just like the carne asada taco's I pretty much didn't know what to say after biting into it, it left me speechless.-Quesadilla w/ Carne Asada - They used three different types of cheeses...that combined with the tasty tortilla and flavorful carne asada made this yet another winner. God was cruel to me and made me allergic to avocado...so I didn't get to try the guacamole, but Katrina thought it was great. Overall, we were just very impressed with this place and can't wait to go back. The owner even came over and talked to us for a bit about how the food is made fresh daily, and she seemed very proud of the way she cooks, it was inspiring...and it helps that she was super friendly and personable. I really really hope this place succeeds like it deserves to. 4.5/5.
4	First off, the 4 stars is actually mostly due to personal preference.  I'm very serious about my Mexican food, and I likes it just the way I likes it, and no different.  I'm a gringo whose diet is probably 70% Mexican food :)That said, I stopped into Sonora Mesquite Grill today for the first time, based on the reviews here.  I've been looking for something different than Chipotle and Del Taco to eat for lunch lately, as I work nearby.  The place is nice, but small and kind of sparse.  There were only 3 other people - all together - here when I arrived at about 11:30.  I ordered the carne asada burrito, and sides of beans & rice to go.  It took about 5 minutes or so from the time I ordered until I had my burrito, not a bad time, really.  Probably 10 minutes all told, due to the 3 guys ordering before me.The burrito was kind of small, and covered with pico de gallo.  Here's where the fifth star gets knocked off.  I HATE pico.  I loathe it.  I'm weird, I know, but I like hot, picante-style salsas, not chunky stuff.  The pico was also in the burrito, which was fine, as it didn't get much in the way there, but I did specifically order the "hottest salsa" in the burrito.  That said, the overall burrito was pretty good, due entirely to the absolutely amazing flavor of the carne asada.  That stuff is amazing.  Very tender, and incredibly flavorful.  The rice and beans I got as side orders were a different story.  Alone, the rice isn't very tasty, and the "hot" (which is really more of a "white people" hot, meaning mild-to-medium) salsa didn't help much.  The beans were a bit better, but not much.  And the sides were like 1/2 pint containers each, and at $2 not really worth it.  I won't be getting them again.I'll definitely be going back, but I'll be making some requests on my next visit to 86 the pico.  The menu, included in the bag, has a nice coupon for buy-two-get-one-free asada tacos.  I'll be doing that next time, as it seems a much better deal than the burrito.
3	I must say, I was super excited to go here after all the raving reviews I'd seen, especially when I saw it compared to other favorite carne asada restaurants.  I have to say, Yelp, your hype this time was a detriment to my dining experience.  Their claim is "Best Carne Asada This Side of the Border", maybe they meant that side of 44th Street because I still have to give the title to America's Taco Shop.When I see the words Mesquite and Grill in a restaurant's name and see high marks for the carne asada, I'm expecting a certain quality.  I was expecting meat that was both succulent but also with edges a little crispy due to the flames and an overwhelming taste of mesquite smoke.  Instead the carne asada burrito I ordered, to which nearly half was rice and beans, seemed like it may have seen flames from afar while it was steam cooked and the taste...maybe it was an excess of vinegar but I swear the meat was soaked in A-1.I also ordered a side of chip and guac as this was also touted as good.  The guac had a touch too much lemon in it but was still very good.  Mine didn't have pico spread over the top but my friend's did and could see why some people said it was watery since the pico drained into the guac and made it look like such.  Both the chunky and verde salsa was excellent, probably the best part of the adventure.My dining cohort also tried the horchata and while it was fresh and the consistency was spot-on, he couldn't quite place why it was so fruity.  He compared it to the leftover milk in a bowl after eating Fruit Loops.  Overall the food was good and worth what was spent but not worth an extended trip out of the office just for lunch.
4	Another Yelp gem... Sonora Mesquite Grill is a place you'd easily drive right by dozens of times and never notice. Inside, it's a cute, clean little restaurant. The guy working there was super friendly and helpful. We shared the guacamole, very good. It wasn't the think and creamy type, but the flavor was great! I ordered the platter, which came with two barbacoa tacos, rice, and beans. The rice was delicious and perfectly seasoned. The beans were excellent, some of the best I've had in a while. The barbacoa was pure smoky deliciousness. The tacos were topped with cilantro and red onions. I cleaned my plate. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito. It was a perfect size, generous, but not so big it was difficult to manage. The beef, tortilla, and other fillings were all very good. My horchata was a little too strong for me (I guess I like it to be more watery), but was still nice to have to drink after some spicy salsa. Definitely would recommend this place if you're looking for tasty, authentic Mexican food.
4	I had the combo platter with carne asada tacos ($7).  In general I thought the food was tastier than most places, but there were several drawbacks.  The selection is very limited:  Burritos, tacos and quesadillas.  That's it.  I was jonesing for a cheese enchilada.  Denied!  Given the reviews, I was expecting the carne asada to knock me over, however I found it tough and somewhat bland and topped with too many raw onions.  Of note too is that the plates and glasses are styrofoam and the utencils are plastic.  Lastly, I've never paid for chips before, they're $1.50 here, although the rest of their prices seem reasonable.  On the bright side everything else was delicious, even the $1.50 chips.
3	Tried the Carne Asada burrito on Friday. I walked in and found the place to be very clean and the worker was friendly. I did notice that there was no one in there. Which is weird for a Friday at 12:30 for no one to be there. I got my food and my Horchata. The burrito at least looked like a burrito and was of substantial size, unlike some other placed Ive been. The flavor was good and seemed fresh. The Horchata was unique. It had a coconut flavor instead of the usual cinnamon.  I would go back probably try something else as I wasn't blown away by the carne asada and I don't like coconut. overall pretty good though.
5	After all the great things said about this place i decided to give it a try. The carne asada was delicious and their guacamole was fresh!!!
5	If I could give this place 6 stars I would. WOW. The food is INCREDIBLE. The best mexican food I've ever had. I had the chicken quesadilla platter with charro beans and rice. Sounds pretty boring doesn't it? Quite the contrary. This isn't your typical mexican food. I'm not sure what "Sonora" style means (which is what the guy that took my order told me), but I'm loving it. I want everything "Sonora" style from now on. The food had so much flavor - it tasted like everything had been simmering for days. The salsa, OH THE SALSA. They actually brought out 2 different kinds of salsa as well as some guacamole - all tasty, but my favorite and need-to-lick-the-cup-clean-it's-so-delicious salsa was the chunky one with onions and green chilis in it. More please. I finished every single morsel of food on that plate (which was A LOT!) and for $9 out the door (including a drink), I will absolutely be back here. Maybe tomorrow. And the next day. And the next...
4	Fresh and delicious!!!  If I could, I'd give this place 4.5 stars.  This is a small, cozy joint with a simple menu that is clearly done well.  The place is filled with small tables that could probably hold about 20 people.On to the food.  Everything tasted excitingly fresh.  That was the overall pleasing feeling that I had.  The horchata is the best that I've ever tasted.  If I had thought quick like my coworker, I would have asked for little or no ice in my drink to enjoy even more of it.  As for the meal, I ordered the carne asada combination platter with a side of guacamole.  The carne asada tacos were quite tasty.  The charro beans were light and flavorful, but the star of the show was the rice.  It was full flavored and refreshing.  I definitely could have eaten more of that.  One of my lunch buddies ordered the combo and an extra taco to try one of each of the meats (carne asada, barbacoa, and chicken).  He claimed that all were good, but that the standout was the barbacoa, which he described as "juicy."  The guacamole was good, too.  I think that those of us who ordered just the combination platter wanted a little more meat on our plate, but we all walked away full.My plan is to go back and try the burrito with barbacoa and another glass of horchata.
3	Good carne asada...   I've stuggled to find a time when this is open.. but, as carne asada goes, it's good.
5	Wow that place was unreal. Not much on the inside, but I was looking for good food not entertainment, and that's what I got. Everything I ate was great. The salsa and guac. were different than any I have ever eaten. The Carne Asada was as good as advertised, and to top it off I went with the raspado, which I have never had before. I asked the nice lady that owns the place what flavor she recommended, she made me a pina colada version that I would have eaten until I exploded. It was the perfect end to a perfect meal. I will be back whenever I am in town.
5	Great food.  The meat had great flavor.  Only down side is that they kept confusing orders but that is something that doesn't affect the food.  Very quick service.  I would definitely eat there again.
5	We arrived around 3:30 on a Monday afternoon on our way out of town.  The place was empty (not a busy hour for any restaurant, I realize) and even though we were hesitant to stay because it almost didn't seem like the right place, we ordered tacos, a carne asada burrito and some guacamole.  Everything was amazing.  We wished we would have stopped on the way from the airport on the front end of the trip.  It is easy to drive by it because it is located in a little strip mall, but don't pass on this place.
5	Great food, your taste buds will thank you.5 stars
3	We all have our bad days. Whether we wake up on the wrong side of the bed or some event turns our mood, we have them. Now how you choose to react to them that is what makes the difference. You can have a bad day but make a conscious choice to minimize it, force a smile and make it work. After a while and maybe a few cups of coffee, the day can smooth over if you let it. I know this sounds so trivial, what could this possibly have to do with food? Well in life and the restaurant biz, you really have to make an impression. When the person taking your order is grumpy maybe a little bitchy even, no matter how good the food is, it may never live up to it's full potential. Unfortunately this is what happened on a recent visit to Sonora Mesquite Grill when the guy at the counter couldn't even muster up a hello, but simply, "yes". Now I would have blown this off if he hadn't been joking around with the people in front of me in line. It's just this sort of thing that just chaps my behind. Really, how hard would it have been to crack a smile and save me from having to share this? I persevere, taking the high road, and get my ordered started because I've been hearing some really god things about this place. The buzz surrounding Sonora is it's self proclaimed "best carne asada this side of the border", which is a pretty tall order when it comes to carne asada. Think about it, we have so many places that serve good carne asada around town, even the 'berto's drive thrus don't really suck that bad. If you've never heard of carne asada, it's thin sliced beef that has been marinated or heavily salted then grilled or roasted to a caramelized perfection. Then, wrap all that up into a hot flour tortilla with pico de gallo (chopped onion, cilantro and tomato) and fresh guacamole, trust me on this, you'll love it. Green Chile Rajas with Cheese ($6.25) was an excellent way to make up for the lack of friendliness. A juxtaposition of roasted chiles, onions and peppers served with either corn or flour tortillas popped with flavor and texture. I would strongly recommend the flour tortillas, so light and flaky, characteristics not common with the usual bready type. Okay so getting to the Carne Asada Burrito ($7.49) you'll first notice the price tag a bit high considering that the burrito while large is also stuffed with rice. For me if I'm going to pay that much for a burrito, it needs to be more meat and less filler. Now with that being said the meat inside the burrito was not only perfectly cooked, it was amazing. The first bite fills your mouth with a certain salty beefy mesquite smokiness that's both flavorful and satisfying. The only thing that made the meat better was the addition of Sonora's killer house made Guacamole ($1.50), green salsa and red salsa. Both salsas were delicious though neither offered any sort of heat. I loved eating the food from SMG. I can only imagine how much better it would have been if the service came with a smile.
5	We have been there twice in the last week.  First time there I got the taco plate with one chicken and one carne asada. The tacos were fantastic but the rice and beans were phenomenal Such great flavor! Also, we got the special which included fresh guacamole. I would challenge anyone to find better guacamole. it was fantastic. The second time I went I tried the barbacoa tacos. Again, our experience was fantastic and very fresh and flavorful food.
5	Probably some of the best Mexican food I've ever had! Extremely fresh & it has so much flavor! Definitely a lunch spot though, as the seating is somewhat limited and the portions aren't extremely large.
5	This place was amazing! I seriously felt like I was back home... everything is fresh and homemade! Love it!
4	Decided to go to Sonora Mesquite Grill for lunch for the first time today and boy and I sure glad I did. The food was super fresh and the restaurant was very clean. I decided on the Taco Combination Plate which included two tacos, rice and beans. I ordered cardne asada taco and babacoa Taco on flour tortillas. It also came with a side of two different salasa. One was a smoked green Chile mixture and the other was a thing green sauce. Both had a ton of flavor. The tacos came with two tortillas as that is pretty standard to tacos like these but since they were so full of meat I separated them into 4 tacos! It was perfect. The place wasn't crowded as it was myself and just one other diner in there at lunch. I will certainly recommend this little place to anyone looking for great tacos.
4	This was a very good lunch place, definitely somewhere I'll be back to.  The service was friendly, and the food was great.I ordered two tacos - one carne asada and one barbacoa. Both came with plenty of flavorful meat, and the two salsas provided on the side really added an interesting side to the tacos. The rice was not what I expected - not Spanish rice or white cilantro lime rice, but rather some kind of yellow seasoned rice - however they cook it, it came out very good.There's an ice cream and fruit smoothie freezer right out in the front - I didn't try any this time around, but I'll have to give it a shot sometime.
4	Like a little gem it's a small place but clean and cozy.  I just finished a hike at the Camelback and was starving.  I was craving for fish tacos so I consulted Yelp and oh what a find!The guy works there is really cool.  He recommended the fish taco combo and the horchata.  The fish taco is so flavorful, and fresh.  It's a little piece of haven without feeling heavy.  And the horchata - just like the guy said, they make it really good here.Hopefully before my trip to Phoenix is over, I will be back again!
4	After spending a fun day at the nearby Phoenix Zoo, I Yelped to find  a good nearby place to eat and up popped the Sonora Mesquite Grill.At first we thought, 'oh, this is a little too small', but decided to pull some tables together and go for it.We are glad we did.The lady who apparently is the owner?? took our orders and served our food and may have even cooked it up in the back. I'm not sure.The 3 salsas were so fresh and tasty...they just blew us away. Lots of cilantro and lime. Yum.Two of us ordered the Veggie Burrito and it came piping hot and was delicious.My partner had the same thing only in the bowl style. Our other friend ordered a taco and enjoyed it very much.When the lady who served us found out we were from Tucson, we told her we'd found out about her restaurant from YELP. She asked to see the reviews on my Droid and was thrilled to see so many people enjoy eating here.Yes, it's small. And yes, you will wait a tad longer than other places to get your food but it is worth it.
5	Was a little scared because it was 1pm on a friday and the place was empty. It took a while to get our order but the place is clean and we didn't mind. Out came my carne asada burrito, it was fresh,moist and tender and not the least bit greasy. Beans were beautifully done as well. If I lived in Phoenix it would be there weekly for sure.. excellent!
4	I was at the La Quinta Hotel and was goign to the Subshop and decided to go to this little "hole in the wall" in a strip mall and for except for the little sign outside the door you could miss the place. I came in and noone was there and I thought that was a bad sign. However I order the Barbacoa combo plate and I was very surprise at what I got. I must say that I was a little disapointed in the amount of food your recieve for the price.  I paid $12 for the plate and when I say it , I said to myself "what the hell where is my 12 bucks worth of food". I must say the food is very good, but they do not give you a lot of rice, or beans, which you think that they would .This is not your normal Mexican food, you can tell that there has been some thought to it. Just as a note , some of the extra's will cost you so just be aware.Bottomline, Good food , not in the regular mexican fare groupCon; No enough on your plate for the the price you get even if it is a gourmet
4	This little place is great, the service, the tacos, the guac, and the prices!
5	Thank you Yelp!  I never would have found this hidden gem on my own. The complimentary roasted green chili/onion salsa is healthy heaven in a bowl, with a rich, smoky flavor. And the fresh guacamole is some of the best I've had.  The wonderfully warm and accomodating owners let me change the standard taco combo to have one carne asada taco (as good as others here have reported) and one fish taco (FABULOUS!).  I don't get to this part of town very often, but this modest place is SO worth the trek!
5	This place is fantastic!It's in a strip mall behind a Coco's on the southeast corner of Thomas and 46th street, I believe. The sign is fairly visible, and I believe there it's only a couple of stores down from the Hungry Howie's pizza place.The guacamole is great, and they have a salsa I have not ever had before - they're like marinated peppers that are just so light and refreshing. The only minor critique I would have at all about this place is that I'm sure this place could make its own tortilla chips - it seems like the ones they serve with their chips and guacamole/salsa appetizer are some store bought tortilla strips chips.Anyways, I highly recommend their fish tacos. Definitely the best I have had in Arizona - and probably anywhere else as well. I prefer flour tortillas, but you can get them on corn too. The fish is not fried - which is great - and there's plenty of fish, veggies, cilantro etc. You really have to try it!For a while they were serving tortilla soup - I would get it every time! I imagine now that summer is coming around and it is getting hot again, that is the reason it is no longer on the menu - but it's so good I don't even care! Bring that soup back - it's so good!The carne asada is very good too - but I actually like the soup and fish tacos so much more that I rarely get the carne asada. That should tell you something!I have not strayed beyond those items listed above. Whenever I think about doing so - I just cannot get myself to follow through. Must have those fish tacos and guacamole!!!It really bums me out that whenever I go to this place, it does not have any customers (or if they do, it's only like one other person/group). It makes me afraid of the possibility that they won't stay open for business - while I would hate to have to wait too long in line to get the food, I would hate it even more if they were to have to close down! Check this place out! It's very good and you won't regret it!
4	I literally got the plane and came straight here for lunch looking for some real southwestern cuisine. It shows that this place is family owned, the food was great, the salsa fresh and interesting, the service friendly. I had a lot of questions as some of the terminology was different from what I usually see back home (due in large part to mostly chain run places for this kind of food) but they were all patiently answered. This is the place for a quick meal on the run without compromising on quality.
5	Worthy of my FIRST review!Last weekend I was totally sick - I didn't want to go anywhere! The Boy wanted a quick lunch out and since he chose Mexican food (my favorite), I tagged along - fully expecting not to enjoy my meal since I was feeling so crappy.  I was so wrong!!I ordered 2 chicken tacos (flour) off the ala carte menu, The Boy ordered a carne asada burrito and we shared chips, salsa and guacamole.  OH MY GOSH!!  The guacamole was super tasty - it has a strong cilantro flavor, which I'm not usually fond of, but I couldn't stop eating it.  Their homemade salsa was BEYOND amazing - I guarantee I ate more than my boyfriend because I didn't want to share it! It's a roasted onion and pepper mixture that I'm in love with!  It doesn't look like its going to be very flavorful, it's mostly greenish yellow, but it is definitely the best (non spicy) salsa I've ever had - no joke.I can't really tell you about the carne asada - I tried it, but very quickly because I was so set on getting back to my chicken tacos.  I am normally a chimi, deep fried burrito, or flauta fan - I rarely order tacos.  I ordered their chicken tacos because I don't like rice in my burritos (only complaint for this place).  I'm SO GLAD I did. They are the BEST flavored chicken tacos ever!! The chicken isn't that gross, slimy dark meat some places use or the dry, bland white meat used at other establishments.  Their chicken is so moist and flavorful - I could eat a bowl of it all by itself!!  I love chicken and this might be the best chicken I've ever had outside my boyfriend's cooking!Now - the icing on the cake - raspado.  You CAN NOT visit this place and skip ordering one - you will be missing out!!  I'd never had this Mexican snow cone before, but it is now one of my favorite desserts.  I ordered the strawberry-mango raspado, despite the fact that it was rainy and cold that day, because the picture of it was so enticing. I literally "mmmmmed" as I ate every bite.  I even willingly went to a store I normally roll my eyes over without complaining because I was so engrossed in eating my treat.  I was completely full half way through, but couldn't stop eating it and ended up beyond stuffed by the time it was all gone.And who is serving all this wonderful food?? A sweet lady with a thick Spanish accent who I wanted to call Abuelita.  I can't wait to return and eat the exact same thing again! It was so amazingly delicious that I have no idea if I will ever try anything else on the menu because I won't want to miss out on my new favorite meal!
5	This little gem is quite tasty!  It is a little hidden in an obscure strip mall, but totally worth it.  The owner is super nice! The food is not your typical Americanized Mexican is very tasty and delicious!
4	Fresh good food with great service. I'ts not the cheapest place to eat, but in this case, you get what you pay for. I'm sure ill be back!
5	Fabulous. A fun little place with wonderful guacamole and roasted chili salsa.  So friendly!
5	We almost turned around & went to another restaurant when we saw that it was just a little hole in the wall in a strip mall. Boy am I GLAD that we didn't! I had a chicken salad that was AWESOME! Light & Healthy. And the chips and salsa were DELISH!!! Hubby liked his meal too- tacos I think.It's inexpensive and the food is GREAT! Just go. You won't regret it
5	Well, this place is as good as it gets. Family owned and awesome. You know how at some mexican places the beans and rice are an afterthought? Not here. They are the best I have ever had, yes even in mexico. The food is seasoned perfectly and the service is exceptional. Too bad they are closed Sundays. The queso is the best I have ever had. I could keep going but you get the picture. Go there, order and eat, you will not be disappointed.
5	Dear every other Carne Asada spot in the 602,It's not you- it's me, not liking you anymore.Sonora Mesquite Grill is SO flavorful and delicious, it makes me grateful I wasn't chosen to go to heaven for the rapture.As others have mentioned, the carne asada is the star here. Well, that and the service. To say this place is sweet and the people are charming, is the understatement of the year. This place is owned by a Mother and her son, and both times I have been there, they have been just outstanding.Today I phoned in a takeout order, and the Mom would answer with 'Yes dear' in the sweetest, non-condescending way ever. She literally exudes warmth, and it is not only in her customer service, but also her food. The carne asada burro is tremendous. It comes with beans and rice in the burro, but I am a purist, and I ask for those items on the side, as I just want to taste carne goodness in the burro. If you order chips and salsa you get a few different salsas, a verde, rojo, and thicker rojo. The salsas are so delicious and tasty- you can taste the freshness and care that goes into it. In fact, the salsas are so amazing, if I ran out of chips- I would dip lucky charms cereal into the salsa, because anything that good you cannot waste!The restaurant is small, but impeccably clean, and care is taken throughout the establishment to keep guests comfortable. The food is very, very good, and it is so cool to have business owners so proud of their product, and at Sonora Mesquite Grill- they have much to proud of.Also not to be missed is their fresh made lemonade. I read here on Yelp that it was tasty- and my fellow Yelpers did not let me down. It is very fresh and tasty- without being too sweet.The only thing I am curious about is that they serve bagged tortilla chips, as opposed to making them fresh. Not the end of the world, just kind of curious. I would recommend if they can't make their own, to consider using the 'My Nanas' chips, or another type which is more consistent with Mexican restaurants. This is just minutia, and doesn't change anything, the place is just that good. Try for yourself, you will not be disappointed. Ciao!
5	I love this place...it is right around the corner from my job and it tastes soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good! Can I just say that everything is so fresh and delicious...the carne asada burrito is AMAZING!!!! You have to get it with the guacamole...they make it fresh and its delicious! They have all different types of salsa that are all great! The chicken salad and the tacos are also phenomenal!  They have raspados too that are great!  They have just done it right and nothing is wrong about this place.
5	Divine,  the Carne Asada was so tasty,  flavorful and tender.  Everything we enjoyed tasted fresh and authentic. The guacamole was knock you socks off, traditional and limey, (I took my extra home and enjoyed the next day).  I liked what the previous reviewer who said also that the beans and rice are not an afterthought here, they are also amazingly well executed.  I am eager to get back an try the Chicken and Barbacoa as well as the roasted green chile cheese dip.   If your in the area of 44th Street and Thomas, forgo the big chain of Chipotle and show this lovey Phoenix gem some love, your taste buds will not be disappointed.
5	Taco tuesdays never looked so good!or tasted so good for that matter.The rumors are true, the hype is justified and the myth is in the making.SMG is what everyone says, and couldnt be more deserving of all the praises fellow yelpers have heaped onto them; they are ab-fab.From the second I walked in I was greeted with smiles and warmth, in fact throughout my meal I felt an extreme sense of deja vu, it wasnt until the ride home that I realized that the owner and my grandmother might in fact be long lost twins separated at birth! All kidding aside, the owner is one sweet little lady, talk about customer service oy vay!The Carne Asada? game over. Hands down the best in the valley.When I ordered my taco platter I didnt even specify what delicious type of meat I'd wanted, she looked at me, smiled, and knowingly suggested the carne asada, to which I heartily agreed. The calibre of the food here is just incredible. So good that it could probably cure rascism. NO.JOKE.If sheriff joe ate here, he'd probably repent hole-heartedly, doubling down on his knees prostrating himself on the floor and weeping the sorry tears of a man whose seen his folly and begs forgiveness. I would challenge any white supremacist to eat here and say one bad thing about Mexico afterward. Sonora Mesquite Grill is the solution to Arizona's bad rap, sure we can produce ignorant rascist laws like SB-1070, but hey, we also have places like Sonora Mesquite Grill! Sonora Mesquite Grill is The Jesus, and nobody fucks with the Jesus.
1	Arrived midweek at 12:30pm.... The fact that the pplace was deserted should have been warning enough, but we had faith in the Yelp reviews and the sticker on the door from Yelp & advertising the best carne asada this side of the border. The carne asada burrito was mostly tasteless, and certainly NOT worth the $8 I was charged for it. Drink choices are limited to bottled Mexican sodas & lemonade or iced tea. Complimentary chips and salsas, on the surface, are a nice add, but the store bought corn chips were stale & the salsas not very good at all.I think that "this side of the border" refers to the border between them & the closest Filibertos. Honestly, I have had much better carne asada burritos from Ralphs Rolling Snack Bar & Filibertos, for much less money. I would almost bet that the Coco's in the same plaza could serve up better carne asada.The one redeeming factor was that my friend said his fish taco was very good... Otherwise, I would grant zero stars.
5	I had a fantastic salad, with steak AND barbacoa. It included mixed greens, cucumbers, tortilla chips and yellow and orange bell peppers. For dressing, three different salsas were included; each more delicious than the last. The homemade guacamole was wonderful.The food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. Service was fast and personal, as I was the only one in there. I think I was served by the owner. I wish I could give it a 4.5/5, with a slight markdown for the sparse decorum, which was on par with most places where you order at the counter.
5	I'm going to keep this simple.: GoStep inside, take a deep breath.  The heavenly scent is just a preview.  I dined on the carne asada burrito with a side of guacamole.  Great flavors, awesome pico and guac just add a bit more wow.  My only caution would be to take the burrito slow -- I hadn't eaten all day and with the delicousness of this, I ate the whole thing in one sitting.  SO stuffed but I won't need to eat dinner.  The other awesome thing about dining here was the music.  Songs went from a Mexican disco beat, to the BeeGee's "More Than a Woman", back to a Latin musical number, to a hip~hoppish club song.
3	Why would a vegetarian go to Sonora Mesquite Grill, you might ask. Well, the menu offers three "vegetarian" items, unlike a lot of places in Phoenix. What the menu forgets to mention is that the beans are NOT vegetarian. They are cooked with pork. I was highly suspicious about charro beans being vegetarian so I asked point blank: "Are the beans vegetarian?" The very nice and cheerful lady behind the counter replied, "Yes. The charro beans are beans cooked with some bacon." Last I checked, pork and pork products were still considered meat. Oh well.However, the rice is vegetarian and you can get the three veggie items (burrito, burrito bowl, and quesadilla) without the non-vegetarian beans. The only reason I am giving this place three stars is due to my horchata and their salsas.For $2, you get a large, flavorful horchata with bits of coconut at the bottom. Yum. The salsas: Maybe it was just Thursday's batch, but the salsas were extra spicy, so I tossed them in the fridge at home and told my roommate they were his. I think my he drank the salsas as he ate them so fast. He says they are good and spicy and he has been putting the red salsa on everything. Everything.Overall, I guess Sonora is a meat place; not meant for my kind. So, I do not think I can adequately evaluate the entire restaurant. However, it is very sketchy and annoying to claim to have vegetarian items when in reality, the items are just without meat.
5	My friends came in town from St. Louis, we tried taco tuesdays, and the meals were all outstanding.  The freshly made guacamole, and three different salsas were the best.  The fresh fire roasted chile salsa is the best ever.  The owner is also the chef and she is both nice and a great cook.  This is one of our favorite mexican places in town.
5	The Mrs. and I hit this place twice in a week when we were in the area for a class.  We came armed with Groupons both times - never leave a deal behind!The carne asada is every bit as good as they say, and the guacamole is really tasty.  Their reddish refried beans are also surprisingly scrumptious, so much so that I strayed from my beloved carne burrito to try the carne quesadilla platter the second time.  It was good but not worth the sacrifice - the burrito is chock-full of spices, veggies, and textures, while the quesadilla is more straightforward.  My lovely wife highly recommends the taco platter, which she had both times.  She mixed and matched meats the first time to try the barbacoa, but by the second time she was totally sold - all carne, all the time.The horchata and the lemonade are also refreshing, and the staff is really nice.  Unfortunately this isn't "our side" of the Valley but we vowed to come by the next time we're in the area, and inform those who are lucky enough to be in the ballpark.Give it a try, I bet you'll like it.
5	Being a Mexican native I was impressed by the food at this joint. This place has no gimmicks, it does not want to impress you with pictures of beaches or palm trees or coronas to make you think you're in a beach in Mexico, it's bottom-line no bull great Mexican food. I've been to this place about five times, by myself, work colleagues, and even clients and everyone always leaves happy from this place... My recommendation: the steak tacos are out of this world and a "raspado" for dessert is heaven.Summary: Fast, good service, and food is amazing!
5	My fav Mexican place by far!  They make the most delicious chicken tortilla soup and tacos I've ever eaten. Fresh ingredients and the owners are super nice. Love this place!
4	Big thumbs up for Sonoroa Mesquite Grill! My fiance got a Living Social coupon and as we pulled into the parking lot, we thought it might be a wash...but don't judge by the shady shopping plaza it's located in! The interior is clean and fresh, and the food is DELICIOUS.  I had the barbacoa burrito and my fiance had the carne asada burrito.  Both were amazing, love the grilled touch on the burritos! Beans are tasty. Guacamole is SO GOOD we were practically licking the container, and so is the red salsa.  Only complaint - some nice fresh made chips with the guacamole would have made a big difference.    We'll definitely be going back!
4	This review will be similar to a scolding I might give my kid when he comes home with 5 A's and 1 B.  I know you are doing GREAT, but you CAN improve !!! :)I can see where all the love comes from.  The food sold here tastes "fresh and home-made" for sure.But not too much I have had here (and I have eaten there 4 times now) has really made me say, "Wow, this is some of the best food around."The salsas and guacamole are very good.  The carne asada does have a very nice taste - however, it's shown a tendency to be a little bit (just the tiny, TINIEST BIT) dry on occasion.The chips (served room temperature and costing $1.50) are store-bought and not up to par with the rest of the food.The charro beans are definitely among the top contenders in the Valley.I'd up this to a 5-star if they'd fry their own chips, or change to a style they can serve warm, and maybe leave some of the juice in the carne asada.A nice place to eat.  A smidge away from about as fresh as food can taste.
5	This place deserves a 4.5 rating. It is really small, and the owner is the only server. However, she is attentive, and the food is received in a timely manner. I went with my boyfriend. We shared a barbacoa quesadilla and carne asada tacos. Both were great! Everything is well seasoned, and the guacamole and salsas were homemade and tasty. The horchata is good, but it is a little too sweet.
5	Holy guacamole this place is good!  Why have I not been here before?  Why do I continue to frequent mediocre establishments that are more convenient?  Deciding to try something new and actually use one of my usually worthless Groupons before it expired, we made the long and difficult 6-mile trek to SMG.I was soon greeted with chips, two full of flavor, but not too hot salsas, and a bowl of that delightful guacamole.  Granted the chips were not my favored thin, crispy, and lightly greasy chip, but they sufficed for scooping salsa and scraping the last bit of guac from the sides of the bowl...restaurants tend to frown when you lick a bowl, which is why places like SMG offer take-out thankfully.Soon to arrive at my table would be the carne asada taco plate.  Two of the most delicious tacos I have ever had.  It brings tears to my eyes just thinking about those wonderfully seasoned morsels of beef surrounded by the best corn tortillas this side of wherever has the best corn tortillas.  Beans and rice are not just empty fillers here either.  The charro beans are worthy of a meal on their own.  I should also note I was somewhat envious of my husband's carne asada burrito which was toasted.  Living my childhood 30 miles from the Mexican border, I foolishly assumed everyone toasted their burritos (only we called them burros).  I grew up quickly when I realized the harsh reality was that this wasn't true in most parts of the world.  It's a sad reality, indeed.  Luckily, SMG knows how things should be.We had wonderful service from the owner who reminded us that everything is made fresh.  As if you wouldn't know after one bite.
4	Somehow their food seems fresher, possibly cleaner?  I do see flies buzzing around all the time though..I've tried their shrimp tacos - kind've on the spicier side which was unexpected.  The burritos are grilled.  They're about $6 which is kind've hefty for what it is.  Their nachos are actually pretty good, but the containers they use (or something) makes the chips soggy and feel stale.  Do not order a Coke or Pepsi beverage if you can help it - its just a can...  unless you get one of the fancy bottles on display.All in all, its slightly more for seemingly cleaner/fresher Mexican food.  Not sure why they give you all those salsas, I really only like 1 of them...
3	So I'm in Phoenix, really close to Mexico and I figure there shouldn't be a problem finding a great Mexican restaurant here.  Pull out the phone and open up the Yelp app and voila!  I find this little place.I really love Mexican food.  Seriously.  My dream is to find a little Mexican girl with long jet black hair from the old country and all she does every night for me is cook Mexican food.  This is how much I love Mexican food.So when I got here I decided to start with two tacos, pork and beef and I got myself some horchata.  Love me some horchata!  Took a little while, I was surprised as there was only one other couple in the place talking Spanish with the guy behind the counter.  When my tacos came, they're open-faced, a good sign towards authenticity.  Taste?  Not bad.  Not great, but not bad, about a 3.  In fact, I was a little surprised as ratings in this place seem to indicate the food is really outstanding here.  I check my Yelp app again to make sure I didn't order the wrong thing.  I read lots of people love the guacamole.So after finishing my tacos, I decide to get the big nacho plate and make sure to ask for guacamole.  I notice the Spanish speaking couple ask for a free refill of horchata which I notice isn't indicated anywhere on the menu.  FREE refills?  Hmm, maybe they're not free but because the guy just gave a free refill to the other couple he's got no choice now.  I couldn't be sure to be honest but I asked for a free refill anyways and he was pretty accommodating.  So my nacho plate comes out and?  It's terrible.  I mean really, really terrible.  Like a 1.  Why?  Because the chips are completely marketplace bought.  And they're not even good marketplace quality.  They're terrible.  A Mexican place that serves a nacho plate needs to make their own chips.  Seriously, if you're not going to do this, don't have nachos on the menu at all.  I was thoroughly disgusted and disappointed at this point.   But, the good news is the guacamole is pretty good.  So overall just a 3, but a 3 that I wouldn't go back to.  Sorry Phoenix but y'all don't really know what great Mexican food is.  And you live so close to the border!  What's up with that?!
4	I kept reading the reviews and bookmarked this place long ago.  Their menu is simple but as soon as I walked in I knew I had to try the carne asada and a raspado for dessert.  Finally deciding on the taco combo with one carne asada and one barbacoa taco on corn tortillas.  Ordering a limeade to drink and a raspado to be made before I headed out (which the lady working the counter kindly did).  Now this was some good carne asada and the barbacoa was meaty lean and well seasoned.  The 3 salsas were very tasty ( a red, verde/tomatillo, and a chunky roasted green chile type) The heat was perfect (too hot for some and too mild for others I am sure) but it complemented the meal perfectly.  The tacos were garnished with pico de gallo (chopped tomato, onion and cilantro) and shredded lettuce.  Topped fresh squeezed key lime and with a mix of the salsas, I eat each positioned over the rice so the juices from the meat and the salsa get soaked up by the rice.  The beans were tasty I just wished there was more on the plate.  The service was quick and friendly.  The restaurant was clean and casual and I loved my pineapple coconut raspado, I opted out of the ice cream being added but may have to try it that way on my next visit.  The limeade was light, sweet and fresh.  My next visit I am determined to get the Carne Asada burrito.
5	Confirmed: Carne Asada here is delicious! Selina was so nice and attentive. She made sure I had an awesome experience. I'm definitely going to go back.
5	Awesome carne asada burritos, quesadillas and tacos. The quac is fresh and super tasty. The barbacoa tacos are a must especially with a bit of the owners special homemade sauces. Growing up eating this stuff, this place is definately as authentic and fresh as it gets. The owner was wonderful and very attentive. This is now my go to place for authentic quesadillas and tacos when visiting AZ. To compliment the great food and service, the price of it is great. We had a nacho supreme, guac and chips, carne asada quesadilla, carne asada quesadilla platter, carne asada burrito, 3 barbacoa tacos, and 3 horchatas for $53 and every single item blew our mind. :-)
5	One word: Raspados.Oh. My. God.Seriously, I didn't even know this place existed and now I'm already craving it again. This is simple food done absolutely right. Not loaded with extra ingredients, but each bite is bright, fresh and bursting with flavor. The guacamole was creamy but chunky and perfectly salted. The tacos were amazing... but what really made the meal was dessert- Raspados. Shave ice flavored with your choice of fruits (I had strawberry with pineapple) and then topped with a scoop of ice cream. I'm salivating as I type this. What made it even better was the cook, who is the owner's mother, came out and visited with us for a few minutes. She was the nicest lady, and boy does she cook like a mofo.Eat here for dinner tonight. You wont regret it.
5	This place rocks!  The carne asada burrito with a side of guacamole and the other homemade salsas is sheer perfection.  Super friendly service as well.
5	Please eat here. Just do it. It's amazing. It's delicious. It's sex in your mouth... All the sex. If you're a food nerd that likes food porn and taking sexy instagram pictures of your food - go here and order something. Then try not to shove it in your face hole before you remember to whip out your phone and snap a picture. Then you can tweet your half-eaten burrito photo to your friends who won't understand why it's so good because they're looking at your teeth marks in a half-eaten burrito. The owner's mom is the cook I think - sweetest lady ever. Whoever is cooking is a genius - an artist. I'm going to go back a hundred times. One of the best burritos I've ever had. It's next to a Hungry Howie's in an invisible old tiny strip mall. It belongs somewhere posh and fancy going by the quality of the food. I'm glad it's not somewhere posh and fancy. I don't like getting burrito and guacamole and salsa all over my nice shirts...
4	Tiny little gem of a place, tucked in a strip mall, I never would have noticed had I not bought a Groupon, and used GPS to find it... The salsa (all three flavors) was off the charts! The carne asada was amazing! I agree with some of the other reviewers that the chips did not match the quality of the rest of the food. They weren't bad, I'd say they were 'almost' average. The service was very friendly, they really made me feel like I was a guest in their home. Our server (you order at the counter, so not sure you'd call her a 'server') suggested the lemonade, and I don't normally have lemonade, not sure why I said yes to the lemonade, but I'm sooo glad  I did! I have never enjoyed a glass of lemonade as much as I enjoyed theirs! It was the perfect blend of sweet and sour, it was so delicious, that I was able to learn their refill policy: 1st refill is free, second you've gotta pay... which btw, I totally did. I had to take some of that home with me. After our meal, we stepped outside for a cigarette... only then did I notice that they are located right next to one of those special massage parlors, you know the kind, they have an ATM inside and stay open really late... It was a little odd to be smoking right outside of a late night massage parlor, especially when a couple of the men customers came out. But I can't blame this lovely restaurant for their funny neighbors. This would have been a five star if it weren't for the chips. With food and three flavors of salsa that absolutely amazing, they really need the better chips.
4	100 reviews for Sonora Mesquite Grill!I am a fan. Do not expect much ambiance, but do try an assortment of the soft tacos and authentic salsas with their family recipe horchata beverage!One disappointment, they did not use real shredded cheese on the nachos, they used something similar to a velveeta/cheese whiz.
3	Got together with Robyn N. today to give this place a try.  It's tiny inside, but a little stylish, & clean.  I ordered a Taco Platter, which came with two Carne Asada soft tacos, Charro Beans, & fancy rice.  As an additional side, I added an order of tortilla chips, which came with a little bowl of hot orange salsa, one of a mild green salsa, & another with about 1" square pieces of a mild, roasted chile.Everything tasted good, & I especially liked the Charro Beans, but the servings of both the beans & the tacos were small.  The serving of tortilla chips & salsa, however, could serve two.All in all, I thought this place was a little pricey for what you get, & didn't impress me enough to bring me back.Taco Platter $7.60, chips & salsa $1.50.
5	I drive 20 miles at least once a week to eat here...and I would drive further if I had to.The other reviews are right...this place is fantastic - and we discovered it totally by accident.My son works in the area and I had picked him up for lunch and we were going to go to Coco's - and I saw this when we pulled in and said 'let's try there..' - it was the beginning of a love affair.When my son tells me he has eaten there during the week... I start drooling - while writing this, I know there will be a trip in the next 24 hours.I love all the salsas - the guac ROCKS! And yes - I wish with all my might the chips were different - fresh - but I will live with it if I have to - because the rest is SO good! The carne asada is tender, flavorful and juicy - the barbacoa has JUST the right amount of juniper! The fish tacos are to die for...after reading all the reviews i will have to try the raspados - and the horchata is awesome!If you are in the area you are stupid if you don't eat here - if you aren't in the area...drive there and don't be stupid - YOU MUST EAT AT THIS RESTURANT!!!
4	Fantastic Carne asada they offer tacos wrapped in lettuce leaf instead of tortillas!! Delicious
5	One of my goals coming into Phoenix was to find a great, local Mexican or Latin-influenced place for lunch one day. Mission accomplished.I got a two-taco combo with horchata. For one, I picked up the apparently legendary carne asada, and the other, barbacoa. The combo comes with a side of rice and beans. I even got guac on the side, and there was three more salsas coming with my meal. So maybe I did pay $12 for lunch, but... holy cow.I knew I was in for a good time when I sampled the rice. It's wonderful with a bit of fresh cilantro and lime will do to a side dish. I turned my attention to the beans, and they were also not overlooked; what's the secret ingredient? Bacon fat? Salt pork? Whatever it is, I thoroughly enjoyed the beans.The horchata I got with my meal was excellent! They use more cinnamon than I'm used to, but it wasn't hyper-sweet and was just what I needed on another 100 degree day.The tacos were fresh, served with a lime, and perfect. I liked the barbacoa   since it had a nice flavor from the marinade, but the carne asada was the star of this meal; not overcooked, not bland, not rubbery, not any other slew of adjectives that come to mind when I think of bad beef. It was juicy, and bright, and meaty, and perfect.The sauces were wonderfully complimentary and I found myself wishing that I had chips as an excuse to eat up all the sauce (including the grilled green pepper / onion/ chile sauce that turned into a four-alarm in my mouth).I didn't get a chance to do dessert since I was filled to the brim with what I had already ordered. But I find myself really hoping I go back to try it.I can't speak for authentic Mexican food places, since I haven't been to many (or to Mexico). But I can speak to the food served at Mesquite; it's a great bargain!
4	large menu, good vibe. I liked it but would not rave about the food.
5	Consistently fantastic. We had the guacamole and chips and carne asada platter. The beans, rice and tacos were absolutely amazing. The owners are always friendly with fantastic service. 5 star experience every time.
1	Food might have been good, however they were out of rice, Guacamole, and oh ya, CARNE ASADA.
5	All the Yelp hype is true. Hands down, the best carne asada burrito I've ever had. I've lived in Los Angeles. I currently live less than a mile from the vaunted taquerias of San Francisco's Mission District. This place is better. The carne asada was tender and beautifully seasoned. The tortilla was sublime, slightly toasted. And the housemade salsas... perfect! Bonus: the woman who works here is the friendliest lady I've ever met in such a place. By far. Five solid stars all the way around.
3	The BF and I went here for lunch today because we had a living social deal that was expiring next week, so we needed to eat here pronto. Anyway, I was really looking forward to the 'amazing' carne asada. We ordered at the counter, I got the carne asada burrito, the BF got barbacoa tacos and we got a side of guac. The guac came out with three other salsas and some seemingly home made chips. The chips were good, as was the guac. The red and green salsas were too watery and not very flavorful. The chunky salsa with onion and peppers was very tasty, so I was excited for the meal. Unfortunately, it did not live up to expectations. I thought both the barbacoa and the carne was bland and too chewy. Both meals were in desperate need of salsa to make them taste like something. Pretty disappointing. The beans and rice were alright, but not enough to go back. PS although the people who worked there were nice, the lady at the counter complained to me that they don't make any money with LS deals.... Sorry, but I thought that was unprofessional. No one forced them to participate in the deal.
5	Amazing food, reasonable prices, mom-and-pop shop.  Carne Asada is great.  Horchata is great.  Friendly staff, great food.  What more could you ask for?
5	Thank you fellow yelpers, this place is fantastic.  I have been wanting to come and check it out for a while.  This place is definitely worth the 52 mile round trip drive.  I had the carne asada burrito.  I had read so much about it I was salivating while my order was getting ready.  My hubby had one carne asada taco and one barbacoa.  Both were delicious, too.  We also ordered the guacamole, excellent.  This place is a little gem.  Can't wait co come back, I will try the fish platter another diner was having, it looked really good.
1	It is really sad to have to write a 1 star review for this place. The food 4 stars, the fact that it is family own and run is a 5 stars, but service that I have received from the manager, David is a -3 stars. On the first day that the Yelp coupon was released I bought it and used it. When I checked out, the cashier was confused because I was the first one to use the coupon. I later discovered that she originally charged my cards for the full price, $34.18. She then charged my card for $26.04. I know my math skills are a little rusty, but that is not a $14.00 discount, plus I was charged twice. That is not where the major problem lies. The major problem was that I had to make several phone calls attempting to get a hold of the owner or manager. When I finally did get a hold of David he told me that he did not call me back because he did not know who I was or what I wanted. He also stated that I "should have left him a message about what my concern was." First David, you should call everyone back regardless of if they leave a detailed message. Secondly, I was not about to leave a detailed message because the person that answered the phone each time struggled with their English to the point that they could hardly handle my name and phone number. I have no problem with the fact that they struggled with English, but don't provide me with poor service by not calling me back because I didn't leave a message under these circumstances.Here we are more than 2 weeks later and I still am struggling to get my money back. If the owner reads this, then it would behoove you to reach out to me to resolve this. We were so excited to have found your place just 2 months ago. We were on our way to being devout customers, but this might have changed that, primarily due to David's attitude with me.
5	Fantastic burritos here.  Nice spicy flavor like I'm looking for in this category.  Small place. Not great ambiance, but solid performance on my food!
5	Fantastic food GREAT service new favorite spot!!!
5	Thanks Yelp for the great option off of 44st and Thomas.  I was meeting my friend for lunch and he works at the Chinese Cultural Center and we were tired of the same old places in the area so we Yelped our options and found this great little hole in the wall place.  It is small but very clean, very good food, and it is a family owned business that makes everything homemade.  Wow, how could you go wrong and how did I let this place slip by without ever eating here.  So I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and 1 chicken (to diversify) and it was fantastic.  I also ordered the guacamole which was OK, they also brought out homemade chips that were phenomenal and they had 3 other salsa choices, green, red, & tomato salsa which all were homemade and tasted awesome.  I will be back for sure, they had desert treats here as well, the menu is small kind of like Chipotle and the service was good but when we came the place only had 3 tables with people.
5	Selena and David are awesome owners!Make sure you buy their kgb deals, living social deals and yelp specials!
5	My husband and I purchased a Groupon Now for this restaurant.  So glad we did!The food is awesome!  The people are wonderful.  Super quality ingredients and everything is made fresh each new day. And as the owner said "there is love put into the preparation of the food". You can tell.  Sonoran Grill is one of those places that leaves your belly saying "Thank you for bringing me here."  Healthy, super tasty and not in the least bit greasy.The only downside is that we live a long distance away and are already craving our next meal at the Sonoran Grill.  What the heck,  it's worth the drive.
5	I'm house shopping. It is bittersweet. Yeah, I'll get out of this dumpy area near 48th and Van Buren but after I move I'm gonna have to drive back into this depressed neighborhood. I'll do it happily though, just as one would absolve any dignity for some meth because Sonora's is just THAT good.Their carne asada is not hyped up. People are only stating fact; it's goddamn exceptional. If you've had a bad experience here then it was your fault. That's right it was your fault. The owners are great, service has always been great, it's always clean and orderly and the food was birthed by Satan himself because it causes feelings of lust and gluttony. If you're debating whether you should eat here or not you need to reconsider your existence. What you do with your life, I don't care. But you should definitely eat here and you may decide not to off yourself after all.
5	I was in town to visit relatives last Saturday, and we wanted to find a great Mexican restaurant within a 4 mile radius. It is fun to do Yelp exploration in new cities. Sonora Mesquite Grill is the one that came up with the highest ratings. Now to the food.... incredible!!! I had the carne asada taco, and my relatives had the carne asada burro and a quesadilla. The 3 hot sauces were very diverse and flavorful - not cliche hot for the sake of hot. The mother of the owners, and the person who prepares and cooks all of the food, came over to talk to us. We were so glad she did. She is a health-conscious artisan meistro of the Sonoran kitchen.She is originally from Nogales, and is true to the authentic Sonoran recipes. Incredibly, she hand makes all of the salsas, tortillas, chips, carne asada, etc... EVERY MORNING with only natural, non-preservative ingredients. Everything is fresh - daily, which is an incredible amount of work. And you can taste it in the quality of the food. You don't walk away feeling bloated. The quality of the ingredients is apparent in every bite. She is very proud of the quality and authenticity of her food. I was born and raised in Phoenix, so I should know a bit about Mexican food. My parents are going to be bringing their friends back to this jewel of a restaurant in a city filled with unsatisfying imitations.
5	Selena and Son and both warm and friendly.  I really enjoy the Shrimp or Fish Combo's with a Resparado(Shaved Ice Treat) for dessert, try my favorite with Coconut, Strawberry Syrup, scoop of vanilla Ice cream and a drizzling of sweetened condensed Milk.    Food is always very fresh.
5	The carne asada is as good as it gets!  Get the carne asada burrito and you will see what the true potential of a burrito can be!  It's the perfect blend of ingredients and they keep it simple.  Only negative I have on this place is that I live 30 minutes away, but it's always worth the drive.
4	mexican food in phoenix is waaay different than mexican food in los angeles but it was still great!!
4	The food was her great, I liked the carne asada taco and nachos I ordered. This isn't the type of place you sit down in but the food does speak for itself. The service was friendly and the food seemed to be done quickly enough and it does stand out from many places when it comes to their carne asada. I would suggest they update their retail hardware as it is a bit archaic and it had some issues when I ordered.Ambiance 2/5: Kind of dimly lit and definitely take out, it started out as a shaved ice shop so there are a few seats but I would recommend calling in.Service 4/5: Nice and promptFood 5/5: I don't have much to compare as I don't usually hunt for the best carne asada like some people I know but it's better than Americas Taco Shop(terrible), Rubio's(I am a fan of their street tacos),Baja Fresh, and any Bertos chain I have tried.recommend:Nachostacos
4	This place has really great mexican food.  Carne Asada is quite good and the three salsas you get with each order are all great.  They actually toast their burritos on all sides.  Nice touch that adds nice flavor.I orderded a carne asada burrito and one shrimp and one fish taco.  The carne asada part was great.  Thing is they put rice and beans in the burro so I am not getting that mouth full of the wonderful beef that I would like.  It is on the menu that way so can't really complain.The shrimp taco was good, nothing crazy but I did enjoy.The fish taco was great!  Great sauce and perfectly cooked fish.  I'll be ordering that again for sure.The first time I went I also got an asada burro but got a barbacoa taco also.  The barbacoa is very good also and the burro was identical to the first time, which is a good thing.I have to say that I was a little put off by one of the owners over a Yelp coupon.  He eventually said he would accept the coupon.  Must say I'll be back though.Prices are a little higher than the norm (so is the quality) so buy the Yelp gift cert or groupon.Enjoy.
4	carne asada taco is as good as I expected. The shrimp taco is surprisingly good!
3	Yelp I finally admit you wronged me on this place.  It's the first time this has happened and I am a little sad about it.  I don't get it Best in Phoenix Carne yes I admit it was good but nowhere did I go wow this is the best I ever ate.  So it's a small little joint Owner/Chef was very friendly and nice.  The food was good or A-OK in Yelp terms but nothing that blew me away to think I totally need to come back here.  Prices honestly a little steep for what you get.  These are street tacos not vanity tacos.  Green Chili Cheese dip was nothing I expected and very very greasy.  Horchata was um weird I can't say anything else it wasn't Horchata I can say that.  So overall the Tacos were A-OK but that was about it.  So I'll be nice and say 3 stars when really more like a 2.5
4	Great. Family run and operated. Everything was exceptionally fresh and tasty.
5	Excellent Sonoran style food, very friendly service, and very inexpensive.  It's a small place run by the owner herself, and the quality comes through.
4	The owner did contact and resolved my concerns. The food is fantastic and well worth your trip!!!
5	This little place has great Carne Asada and the roasted green chile dip is almost a meal by itself...the also have gluten free selections for my wife...
4	Holy crap! Was completely surprised by this little joint. The $8 for $14 worth of food yelp coupon is redeemable by smart phone, so you can buy it on the spot. Got the veggie burrito bowl - I don't say this often,  but this would have been just as good without the cheese. There was so much going on that it wouldn't have been missed. Meal was a touch salty, but otherwise delicious. My husband highly recommended the carne asada.Service was a bit slow for lunch, and the music selections are a bit off-putting.  Otherwise, five stars.
5	Outstanding ServiceOutstanding AUTHENTIC FoodOutstanding Overall.
4	And yet another delicious hidden gem found thanks to yelp!My parents and I were vacationing in Scottsdale, and my mother had a certain suspicion that Arizona would be home to some damn good Mexican food. After a little research, I stumbled upon Sonora Mesquite Grill, and we made the trip out for a quick dinner. (Note: Not really a dinner place, def more like a quickie lunch hour ambiance) We started out with chips and salsa, but don't knock off my credibility here--it isn't your typical chain restaurant fare. There's 3 different salsas (we also got guac which was phenomenal), each with a distinct flavor but all DELICIOUS.As for entrees, it's a bit like chipotle, formatting wise. You choose whether you want a burrito, tacos, bowl, etc., and I, of course, ended up with the carne asade burrito. It came out very hot, with the tortilla perfectly toasted and the carne asade was seasoned very well, without having an overwhelming taste. My parents got the tacos which were also very good.I wish I could eat here more often!
4	Great carne asada and unique salsas! Wasn't starving so I ordered the carne asada quesadilla instead of the burrito. Didn't make a difference, it must have been 2lbs of meat and cheese and came with rice and beans (both tasty in their own right.). My wife got the carne asada burrito bowl thinking along the same lines as myself and ended up with what seemed to be a huge carne asada salad. Go hungry! Great value with coupon.*They lost a star because the people that ordered behind us received their order and noted that the woman had ordered the shrimp tacos (which we heard her order), she got shredded beef instead. Instead of just replacing her order, the guy behind the counter insisted she got what she ordered and it was left at that.
4	Since I been spending a fair amount of time in this area, I thought it would be good to know where the best local Mexican spots are at. The reviews alone would have been enough for me to try this place out but they also had a Yelp Deal, so I bought it and the next day, Abby and I were walking through the doors after a beautiful morning hike up Piewesta Peak. We were hella hungry and would have been satisfied with the dollar menu somewhere but with the Yelp Deal already purchased the night before it seemed perfect. So I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito and I think Abby got the Carne Asada Quesadilla platter. Both were amazing. I love their simple menu they have and there was enough leftovers to make a 2nd meal for us. The staff working were the nicest people and making sure we were taken care of. THIS is the reason why I love finding the local places over a Chipotle. Plus, we got a ton of fresh salsa, and you can taste the freshness with every bite in the food. Next mid morning hike we go on, this will be our stop afterwards fo sho.
5	Very friendly very fresh highly recommend
5	Great home cooking...very fresh and delicious.
5	We had the carne asada burro, veggie quesadilla and the amazing roasted green chile and cheese sauce.  Excellent homemade quality.  And the establishment was clean, clean, clean!
5	Some co-workers brought me here because they know how much I enjoy authentic Mexican food. The Carne Asada burrito may have been the best I have ever had. The perfect amount of cheese, rice and meat. Adding lime juice on top of the food only made the flavor come out more which is always a plus.Tortillas were also delicious. Staff was friendly and helpful and the atmosphere was nice. I will definitely be back.
5	Weird location. Near a Chipotle.Surprisingly good food.  I tried it with a Groupon and they often have a Groupon Now deal too.  i would go again I think.  There was only one other party there when I went.  Not sure how they stay in business. Maybe lunch is their big time.  I went at dinner time.
4	This little shop gave some surprises. First, I didn't expect it is such a small shop. You cannot believe such a tiny eatery enjoy a high a reputation; second, the food is really good. The shrimp taco is a really delight. It is worthwhile my efforts to make a special detour to this restaurant during my trip  to Grand Canyon.
5	The reason this restaurant gets 5 stars is because of the good food to price ratio.  You pay about $8-10 per plate and it is very delicious.   Everything looks and tastes homemade and they tell me they don't use any lard.  I could not expect any better at this price point.  The tacos and the beans are delicious along with the tomato onion, and pepper salsa that they bring out with the chips and salsa.  I have had better taco's but for much more money.  I have never had better beans.  Congratulations on a good food for a good price.
5	Wow! Who would have thought something so good could be found in the strip mall behind Coco's? With just one bite of their carne asada nachos, I knew that this was, indeed, a find. $9 will get you a basket filled with thick tortilla chips, pinto beans, shredded cheese, melted cheese, carne asada, and pico de gallo. They give you three freshly-made salsas, on the house. I particularly liked the one that looks like stewed onions and bell peppers. It has a nice home-made feel to the restaurant. The owner was very nice and welcoming. I will be bringing my out-of-town guests here for good Mexican food.
4	Pretty good food for a decent price.I had a @groupon for $16, and was able to feed two people with it.Their salsa selection is pretty good, too.
5	Barbacoa tacos are unbelievable!  Carne asada is very good, but TRY THE BARBACOA, you will not be disappointed. This was our second visit and we will definitely be going back. Location is odd, but so glad I bought a Groupon to try it out since it is close to work.  The Guacamole Fresca appetizer is also super yummy. The 3 salsas they give you are equally delicious, spicy and very unique.  The owner and daughter(?) are fantastic, service is great!
5	The best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Phoenix.  Friendly and quick service. Delicious food.  Try the barbacoa tacos, they are incredible. The rice and beans are also excellent (good indicator of an authentic Mexican place).  I'd also recommend the lemonade as a solid addition.  As many other reviewers have noted, the carne asada is superb and better than anywhere else. Give it a shot and you'll be hooked.
5	Very friendly, sweet owners. Very DELICIOUS, authentic Mexican food! The beans were so good, and we loved all their homemade salsas. I had the carne asada burrito and loved it (which was a change for me - normally I'm a true-blue vegetarian burrito lover!). My husband order their tacos, and then went back later to order to more, they were so good. What a great little restaurant!
4	Stopped in yesterday for a 1st time visit.  Had a $16 New Times Voice coupon and really just wanted to see whether or not I agreed with their 2 Best of Phoenix awards (2010, 2011)  on the carne asada.  I was headed to a family cookout, so I opted for 6 carne asada tacos on corn tortillas to go.Well, I definitely became a believer.  First, the portion was very generous for a $2.50 taco: the soft but sturdy white corn tortilla was about a 6 incher, and it was filled with tender, moist chunks of expertly seasoned beef.  If I had to guess, I would say most likely sirloin tip chunks -- no icky gristle or hunks of fat .  Just enough pico and a little amount of greenery.  Plus key limes cut in half.  Really delicious.  I mean, probably the best I've ever eaten.Combine that with their 3 delicious salsas, and let's just say that the order was gone in about 2 mins.Oh, and being a food guy, I don't really pay attention to decor or cleanliness that much, but this place was sparkling.  The floors shined, and the bathroom was spotless and smelled really nice.  It stood out that much to me.I'll definitely be back and try a combo plate and other items.
3	I purchased the Yelp deal knowing it was located close to our hotel. We walked over Tuesday night. (Closed Sundays)  I had a chicken quesadilla. And the wife ordered the barbacoa tacos with rice and charro beans. Food was good and hot. Of course I got to eat some of my wife's rice and beans. Interesting seasonings on both. I think to owners would do better in a nicer location. But what do I know?
4	Carne asada tasted good. Well cooked and marinated. Service is not bad just a little different. You order at counter. Horchata was good. Salsas are average.
5	Had the carne asada burrito that was awesome - and it looked exactly like it does in the picture.  Also got the guacamole with chips that was amazing!  It was difficult to find - it's in the shopping center behind CoCo's.
5	Stopped by this place on a lark. Never heard of it before and never seen the reviews on Yelp. It was around 2pm on a Saturday so the place was not crowded. The food was really fresh and really good. We had guacamole, veggie burrito bowl, and chicken tacos. Everything appeared to be homemade and well seasoned. The service was fast and friendly. The mushrooms in the veggie bowl were fantastic. Not sure how they are prepared, but just a unique taste.Menu is pretty straight forward and place is pretty small. I would definitely repeat.
5	I've ordered almost everything on the menu and everything is fresh and delicious. The prices are very reasonable I would pay way more to eat Mexican food this good. My favorite items on the menu are nachos with half chicken and half carne asada. The chicken is just as awesome as the carne asada so that's why I do half and half. I also love the fish tacos and tortilla soup. You really can't go wrong with anything here and if you have enough room dessert I recommend finishing off your meal with a raspado. You're welcome!
5	My husband and I flew into Phoenix, AZ on our way to the Grand Canyon.  I found this place via my Groupon app on my phone and since it was 3-4 miles from the airport, we decided to try it out.  What a delicious start to a wonderful trip!  We have been to various parts of Mexico on vacations and such and this is the BEST Mexican food we have both ever had.  We got to the restaurant around 3 pm for a late lunch/early dinner and were greeted by a friendly Hispanic lady who offered suggestions on the various dishes.  I had the two shrimp taco platter and my husband had a chicken burrito.  We were brought out four dinner types of homemade salsas and a dish of delicious, authentic guacamole.  The waitress told us a bit about each salsa, what which pepper was used and how they were roasted.  The flavor was AMAZING!  Beats any chain restaurant, hands down.  Prices were very reasonable (even had I not have been using a Groupon).  We look forward to going back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix.
5	Very tasty lunch... Good portion size. Loved the different "temperature" salsas. Friendly staff. Must check it out yourself.
5	We were craving Mexican food and since we were in the area I decided to check on my trusty yelp app on my phone to find a perfect food joint to check out.  Sure enough, it came through for us and told us about this little gem tucked away in an area I had been several times but had never noticed it before.  I am so very glad I tried it as it will now be my go-to place for Mexican food.  The food is delicious and fresh and reasonably priced.  The guacamole is a must try and the carne asada is so good.  If you're in the mood for Mexican and in the area, I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Found this place thanks to Yelp! and couldn't have been happier. Fresh salsas and guacamole served with chips were all outstanding and the fish tacos and carne asada tacos were both fantastic. I want to go and steal all of their recipes because this is authentic and delicious Mexican food.The woman behind the counter during my visit was the mother of the owner and I presume she is the genius behind the food. She lives in Mexico and was only here visiting for a few weeks and helping out but she was very friendly and accommodating. I will definitely be back here time and time again. It's quick, clean, and delicious. The prices are decent too.
5	Delicious homemade food! Everything was so great and fresh, and the service was very friendly! We had the shrimp tacos, nachos, and quesadilla. Even the picky little boy we were with liked this place....better than McDonald's...which is a huge feat!
5	I ate here yesterday with my in-laws. The place is very well kept and the food was extremely delicious. I had a burrito and the tortilla was very thin (which i much prefer) . After the burrito was made the exterior was grilled  to keep a tight wrap. The sauces are fantastic and I loved the green sauce. It has a nice punch which might be too warm for some  but just right for me. I will definitely be back !
4	This little hole-in-the-wall (said with respect) is a must visit!  I don't think I would have visited this place had it not been for Yelp.  The previous reviews made it enticing to visit and the Yelp "groupon" made it even more. The carne asada is fabulous, the whole pinto beans packed with flavor the salsas delicious.  We'll certainly revisit.  Plus the service was top notch.  May be family owned which I love!
5	Found this place on Yelp and we couldn't have agreed more with the reviews. This is a tiny hole in the wall next to an asian massage "R&T". I could have driven by this place hundreds of times and never seen it. Ignore the tacky decor, because this place has some of the best carne asada in Phoenix. Start with the chips and salsa and you will see that this isn't your regular taco shop. We tried the carne asada tacos, carne asada burrito and the chips and guacamole. All delicious. The carne asada is tender and full of flavor. Guacamole and salsas are so fresh and tasty that you will run thru your chips in no time. We have been to Sonora Grill now a few times and I am just getting around to my review. I think that says it all. Sonora Grill is a must!
5	I have eaten here on a couple of occasions and it has been a great experience every time. This is a nice restaurant to sit and eat, or great for take out. When you sit and eat at the restaurant they give you 3 different types of salsa and all of them are amazing in their own way. I got a more casual vibe, so I was pleasantly surprised that they actually bring out your food to the table. I got the carne asada quesadilla, hands down the best carne asada I've had so far in Phoenix. We even got take out the other day and I couldn't say no to getting it again. I promised myself next time I would venture to other dishes like the tortas but I couldn't help it this time. My bf has tried the carne asada burrito and barbacoa tacos and they were also very delicious. We also tried the chese dip appetizer that had roasted anahiem pepper and other yummy stuff added. That was demolished instantly. The staff has always been amazing and very helpful in making decisions.  Will definitely be coming here for a long time, since I live fairly close.
5	The virtues of this place are simple: excellent carne asada, fantastic guacamole, great salsas, reasonably priced.  It is absolutely worth checking out if you haven't had the chance yet.  The owners are very friendly and seem to take a great deal of pride in the restaurant and their food.
5	I brought my mom here for lunch and she LOVED it! I ordered tortilla soup and a fish taco and she ordered a barbacoa burrito with beans and rice on the side. My mom is a fantastic cook and was really impressed with the food here. I let her sample my soup and she said it was the best tortilla soup she's ever tasted. I sampled her barbacoa burrito and my eyes rolled in the back of my head! Way better than Chipotle! I am going to second Georgeann G this restaurant is always empty when I go in and I don't know why because the food is amazing. I might actually cry if this restaurant ever closes. So if you love good Mexican food try Sonora sometime you won't regret it!
5	This is my favorite Mexican place in Phoenix.  It's a small place with seating for probably about 15~20.  My favorites are fish taco, shrimp taco, chicken tortilla soup and quesadilla with carne asada.  salad and burritos are very good too.  Also, try the salsas the lady makes fresh daily.  Once you try it, you'll be definitely going back.  It's a little hard to see it driving by.
5	Food was very fresh very good and staff very friendly.  my only down would be portion size but i had a rather large appetite so for most I am sure its about just right so I wont take a star for my overly large appetite.  Found this on Yelp and what a nice little gem of a find.
5	I love this place. A true hidden gem!!!!
5	Food was delicious! The sauces that came with the tacos were amazing! The service was really good and the lady working there *the only person out there* took good care of us:).
4	I tried this place after reading all of the reviews here on yelp. I'm glad I did. The first thing I felt when I drove in the almost-vacant strip center is a sense that I had come to the wrong address. Alas, there it was...Walk inside: clean, comfortable, friendly service, and some of the freshest Mexican food I've eaten! I had 3 tacos--grilled fish, carne asada and barbacoa. Admittedly, I'm not a huge fan of carne asada, but you all rave about it, so I tried it. It was good, and very fresh. After devouring my barbacoa taco, I was miffed as to why no raves on it? It was absolutely fabulous. Fresh, tender and perfectly seasoned. The grilled fish taco was really, really good, as well. Very fresh, slightly spicy seasoning and oh-so-yummy. Did I mention how fresh the food is? Remember to try the barbacoa..it was AWESOME! And fresh!
4	My coworker and I ate here twice during the weekend we were in Phoenix.  This place looks like a little nothing hole-in-the-wall, but the food is absolutely fabulous.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the guy running the cash register refused to give Alex a receipt (which he needed to get reimbursed for work) because he paid cash.  He asked twice and was told both times that IT IS THEIR POLICY NOT TO GIVE RECEIPTS TO CASH CUSTOMERS.  Something hinky is definitely going on here.Alex ordered the carne asada burrito both times and was thrilled both times.  He went on and on about how good it was.  I tried the barbacoa burrito, and it was really good.  They gave me generous amounts of perfectly spiced tender juicy barbacoa meat, rice, beans, veggies, and salsa.  We ordered chips and salsa and they gave us a generous basket full of chips and ore than one kind of salsa.  This place has SERIOUSLY good food, even if their business accounting practices are a little shady.
5	At here about three weeks ago on a Wednesday night, visiting from out of town on business, our decision based on Yelp ratings. We walked in just before 7:30 PM and were the only two in the place. The woman at the counter answered some questions we had and took our orders. We both had the carne asada tacos and the chicken tortilla soup. As we were eating, the woman who owns the place came over to see how our food was and we got to chatting, telling her how much we liked the food. She then started telling us about how she makes everything fresh daily and that these were her own family recipes. It was obvious that she puts a lot of love and pride into her food. When we commented that we were surprised that no one else was there, she told us she normally closes at 7:30, but stayed open just for us!Even though they are known for the carne asada, DO NOT miss the tortilla soup. It is by far the best I ever had.
