4	This is what I remember as being the "east end" of Scottsdale growing up. I was a North Central Phoenix kid, so I didn't have much occasion to come out this direction until atleast middle school. When I did make it out this way, though, it began to happen often. This whole strip mall was an appropriate date for a seventh or eigth grader, all on its own. There are a couple places to eat nearby, a Gelato Spot, a handful of coffee shops, and plenty to walk around to see and do. I still recommend it for all of you preteens and under-twenty-one'rs out there. The only tough part is getting a ride out there.
4	Shea 14 isn't the nicest theater in the area, but it has some important qualities which keep me interested. First off although I'm very social sometimes I want to see a movie in a more small relaxing environment. Shea 14 isn't to popular because it is very outdated and the strip mall it is located in does not offer the food choices of it's counterparts. It's a great theater to see a newly released or big film because you won't have as much overcrowding. This theater also shows more independent films next to Camelview and isn't as far of a drive for me. So whether you want a more laid back movie experience or want a lesser known theater to see the summer blockbusters in give Shea 14 a chance. Your back won't miss the stadium seating that much!
3	This is a great theater, we don't have nice theaters like this in the bay area.   If they would just hire some people to run it and the few they have if they could flippin smile and ask you if you need some Junior Mints or some god damn popcorn, - hey then they would have a great theater - Hint: bring your own snacks just smuggle them in like everyone one else.  Note: the popcorn smelled good - just couldnt get anyone to sell me some.
4	Harkins Shea 14 is my third-favorite movie theater in the Valley (number one, of course, is Camelview 5). I like Shea 14 because of two reasons:1. While every theater is full of obnoxious pre-teens and teenagers, the ones at this particular theater seem to be less annoying and, well, there are fewer of them than in other places.2. They actually sometimes show less-mainstream films here after playing them at Camelview 5 for a while. For example? I was able to see Persepolis here over the weekend. Of course, they DO put the foreign or indie films in the tiny little awkward theaters where your neck hurts from looking up at the screen and there are only seats for 25 people. But you know what? I'll take it. It's better than being forced to watch some terrible movie like "Good Luck Chuck" because there are no other movie choices playing...
3	I give them a three, I like the sound and picture oh and the seats better at cine capri . However the employees are all nice and it is withing bike riding distance. For some reason I love riding a bike to the theater. I get there and im like drained after the movie and then I have to force myself to ride home. Im twisted I guess. anyway.. They have a bike rack and for some reason they dont at cine capri. Also you can eat at pita before or after, oh and its next to Gelato spot. I always get ghetto and bring in some pita jungle and gelato,lol.
2	Always a good flick to see, even an art film or two. Unfortunately, there are so many broken seats! So NOT comfortable. They need to refurbish seats and make it stadium seating in all the theaters within the whole structure. I like that they have light lemonade though. I much prefer the 101.
5	Ok. I have to give a shout out to the guy working the ticket booth. Me and my friend Megan almost peed our pants we were laughing so hard. Plus, he gave us student prices without hesitation. BIG perk. He made us feel young. Plus, I think he had a man-crush on my boyfriend... that's a compliment, right?
3	I generally only go here for films that get a second run after Camelview or th ones that Camelview doesn't pick up. So many good film memories here... City Of God, Ashes Of Time Redux, and more recently, Wendy And Lucy. I really think that this theater needs a bit of a renovation ala new seats. You've got to hand it to the Harkins family for giving an outlet for indie/foreign films in the Valley, but I just wish a real revivial house/grindhouse theater would open up in Phoenix without them choking it in its infancy.
5	Harkins Shea is best recommended for the dimwits who think the Camelview (gag) is the only place to see foreign and art-house. Not true at all. As other reviews have pointed out, the Harkins Shea primary claim to fame, aside from the fact that nobody knows it even exists, is that it's where most of the Camelview-debuted titles go after their initial run: whether it's the "Wendy and Lucy," Best Docu Oscar nominee "I.O.U.S.A.",  the local independent title "The Phoenix Lights," etc. Harkins Shea is like Chandler Cinemas for people who won't go to Chandler Cinemas. There's plenty of parking, plenty of room in the lobby, plenty of room in even the smallest theater. Can you say that about Camelview? I don't think so. The seats are the same cushioned, rocker-back seats you'll find at other Harkins. If you're hep to a place like Chandler Cinemas (whose seats are practically milk crates compared to this), I don't see what the big deal is. It's not a new home: you only have to sit there for a couple hours. You don't have to marry the seat. Criminy. If your butt's that's sensitive, get a flippin' cushion to bring with you or get up and move to a different seat. Damn, people whine about the most trivial stuff. My only complaint is the grumpy old guy ticket-taker, and that it seems to attract way too many old people - I mean, literally, senior citizens in wheelchairs and walkers everywhere you look. Which is kinda cool, because if you're feeling cheap on a particular day, you can ask for the senior discount and they'll give it to you. (Not that I, ahem, condone such dishonesty. Not I, said the fly.) It's in the same plaza as Pita Jungle. So, a good movie and Pita Jungle afterwards. What's not to like about that?
5	James' review of Harkins on Shea is the best review I've read and I'll moreover just sort of reiterate what's already been said.Camelview 5 is typically the theater you can rely upon when there's a movie with limited release playing in Phoenix.  It's your go-to destination to see low-budget, imaginative movies that don't have an audience as broad as your typical Michael Bay, logic-out-the-window, blow-stuff-up-real-good type flick.  I love Camelview 5, but there have been movies of specific interest that I wanted to see but never made their way there.  Most recently, Camelview 5 really dropped the ball on a the independent sci-fi flick "Moon."  Not a great movie, but definitely worth a look and has more thoughtful emphasis on artistry than 90% of movies that get a large theatrical release.I saw "Moon" at Harkins on Shea.  It isn't playing anywhere else in the valley, sad to say.The theater itself is an older theater.  You can tell by the seating.  The screens are a bit smaller.  For some reason, I dunno if this just me but I felt like it was cleaner than a lot of theaters, too.  It had a great ambience, sort of celebrating a love of movies, not just a theater for viewership.  It felt warm.  It felt great.On top of that, it has a great location.  The people who work there are awesome.  I disagree with James on the grumpy old ticket taker.  The old man tearing my ticket stub reminded me of the elevator operator from Barton Fink, with the whole monotone delivery.  To me, he was not grumpy, he was just a character in a weird sitcom or something.  Fantastic.I enjoyed my time and I think it's a great place to hit up if you're wanting to see an artsy flick and a total no-brainer in one fell swoop.
3	I came here Saturday night to see "The Goods" with a newer friend of mine.  I guess it was smaller and more outdated then I had expected.  Made me think of how theatres were when I grew up.  Very 1980's.Its not that this place is dirty....its just not current on how other theatres are.  We sat in a small theatre and the screen was small, in comparison to other modern, more current movie theatres in the area.  Seats tilt way back, and are comfy.Would I return?  Only if someone else was forcing me to come here.
3	Maybe. I try not to go here because it always seems crowded though. Not so large in size, but it's proximity to Scottsdale Rd, the Gelato Spot, and other entities in the strip mall, is nice Parking is never a problem, which is a relief. But for some reason I always feel not so welcome here? Don't ask me why, I pick up weird vibes from odd places. Nothing really "stands out" here, just your average older theater. AMC 24 is my preferred theater, but when I'm short on time and don't feel the urge to be downtown or need something a little closer to home, Shea is my happy medium between Desert Ridge and Harkins 101.
2	I grew up going to this theater. All of the amenities are standard and seats are comfortable. However, I am 26 years old. I will concede that I have a young face but getting ID'd at the ticket booth for a rated R movie is mildly laughable. It went from laughable to annoying when a young teenage girl wanted to see my ID and ticket stub before allowing us to take our seats. Just so you know, we were seeing Youth in Revolt not Showgirls.
5	Shea has new seats!They just re-vamped the theatre and its even better.  Service was always good, but now they have the same new-style seats they have at Scottsdale 101 & the cine capri.  They re-did a bunch of stuff - nice job, Harkins!I love the seats & this theatre!
4	I'm a big fan of the smaller, older Harkins like this one. They don't seem to be as packed as the mega-theatres are, they're clean, and this one happens to be on one of the best corners in all of Scottsdale: Scottsdale Road and Shea!  So many great spots to hit up before or after a movie.
4	When its 109 degrees outside movie in a/c theater sounds good to me. Midnight in Paris was good I think this is my favorite Harkins theater. It's in a great location, plenty of parking, older location but totally renovated. It's never super crowded where you will get trampled on like at Tempe Marketplace. The staff is pretty nice and clean restrooms.
3	The shopping center where this Harkins Theatre is located is also home to Pita Jungle and Gelato Spot.  So, every once in a blue moon, I end up at one of those places and wander on over to the theater to see what's playing.  As luck would have it, we walked over this past Tuesday night just in time to see "The Help," after meeting some friends at Pita Jungle.  This is definitely the way to do it... a random weeknight evening at the movies!  It was not crowded at all, and we got great seats.  Granted, it's not the best theater ever, but it's just fine.  They've got the standard concessions, clean bathrooms, friendly enough staff, etc.  And they actually get a decent selection of both mainstream and some more indie flicks.I've been to this theater on weekends before and it's slammed with teenagers, so again, head here during the week and it will be much more enjoyable... but that's probably the case with most theaters now-a-day.  Oh, and I highly recommend "The Help" as well!
3	We've been making our way out to the Harkins Shea theaters since the AMC Esplanade is under a remodel. Shea works well for us because the location is close and a great selection of restaurants nearby. This theater gets a respectful clientele so you won't have to worry about talking or phones ringing. Huge lot so parking isn't going to be a problem. You may have a bit of a walk. Not sure it's good news, but we never have to worry about sellouts and usually get great seats. Only downside I see is the theater seems a little outdated to me.
4	I remember when Shea 14 opened up in middle school (Cocopah represent!) and this was THE place to hangout and apparently it still kinda is on the weekends. Partly thanks to Coffee Plantation, Pita Jungle, and the Gelato Spot, but these are great places to visit before and/or after a movie as well.Although this location is a little dated, you can't beat it. There are never any crowds and the bathrooms and theaters are clean. My favorite thing about this location is that it plays some of the independent movies one would have to travel to Camelview to see. There is also tons of parking so you never get stalked for a parking space :)
3	While I love Harkins theaters this one hasn't been updated as much as others have.  It's a great theater to see art house films.  Staff here is awesome!
4	I'd be very happy if every theater in town was like Shea 14. They show the big name movies but also show a nice variety of foreign and independent stuff as well. It's sort of like Camelview 5 but slightly more accessible to the masses. You can expect a slightly more old school vibe here. That means non-stadium seating and smaller screens than your average theater (although this place still has a few larger screens which they use for the big movies each week).  If you plan on seeing a lesser known movie here, you can expect to be in one of their much smaller screening rooms.There's just something charming about seeing a film in a room that only has 50 or so seats...especially after going to something like the Cine Capri where you're packed in with hundreds upon hundreds of people. Here are a few advantages of seeing a movie at an old school venue like Shea 14:-Lower chances of encountering rude and inconsiderate moviegoers.-Less bodies = Less body heat = no swamp ass when leaving the theater in those summer months.-Smaller screens have their own unique visual experience when compared with much larger screens. I tend to notice the clarity of the picture is a bit better when viewed on a slighly smaller screen like they have here.The theater is clean and the staff are friendly. I've yet to have a bad experience seeing a movie here. Additionally, they tend to be really good at having a nice volume level for all the screens. I've had horrible luck at various AMC theaters with the volume being much too quiet. Call me a movie snob, but volume issues can completely ruin a movie experience (Too loud, too quiet, music/effects make dialogue hard to hear, etc). Having nice crisp and clear audio is essential. Harkins theaters tends to be really good at this, and it's no different here.If I had to pick a 'desert island' movie theater here in the valley, Shea 14 would be it. Mainstream, indie, foreign, documentaries...there's a nice mix of everything here. I Highly recommend considering this place for your next flick if you live in the area. 4.5/5.
3	The location is definitely an older location and isn't as large and updated as other Harkins around the valley.  The biggest theater is on the smaller side compared to the newer locations.  The staff is about average, not rude and not nice.The parking situation is shared in a strip mall, with a Blue Burrito Grill, Pita Jungle and Gelato Spot, so parking is a bit of a challenge. If you are interested in a "no frills" experience, this will do the trick.
3	This theater is pretty basic - nothing more, nothing less. Movie tickets are $7 before 6p and $9 after, which I think is pretty standard. No stadium seating, but the seats are pretty comfortable & no one sat in front of me so I was alright. Was impressed they had a nice variety of movies - some foreign & indie films I hadn't heard of before.
3	Move along. I nothing to see here. Just like any other theater.
4	I love Harkins and this one feels like an old family member as in it actually smells musty in here -- always -- but the staff are always friendly and the popcorn is fresh. The movie theater doesn't have stadium style seating which sometimes is a plus for more relaxed days at the movies. However, I would not recommend seeing a new release here as it is much smaller and will be much less comfortable, it's hard to find seats in the dim lighting when all the seats are on such a slight downward gradient. I go to Shea when there is an older movie I want to see that Harkins 101 either isn't playing or has like 2 really inconvenient showings.
3	Pretty good all-around theatre.  Usually kept nice and clean. 14 screens so there are plenty of movies to choose from.
3	Saw a pre-screening of "Here Comes the Boom" tonight, and I had a great time!  The movie was hilarious, with cool MMA scenes (a few were too violent for me to bear), and the cast, especially Kevin James, Henry Winkler (!), and Bas Rutten surprised me with their comedic energy.  Selma Hayek was good, too.  But of course, this review should be about Harkins Shea 14, and what can I say, but the picture and sound were very good.  While my preferred spot is somewhere in the middle and not too close, I knew it would be improbable tonight, since I'd arrived later than I had planned (passes were for 7p viewing, and it's recommended to show up as early as 6p to secure seats).  It didn't look like I'd make the cut, but at the last second, ten more were allowed in- yay!  It was my first visit, the movie was in a smaller viewing room, and I wasn't able to check out the state of the women's restroom, but I'd come back to check out other movies in the future.  It was a bit chilly inside towards the end, so I recommend you bring a sweater if you're prone to feeling cold indoors.
3	We came here yesterday to see the 3:10 pm showing of Django Unchained. Well that was our intention, but it didn't turn out so well...I used Movie Flixster to find the movie theatre and times. I was let down when Harkins decided not to tell Flixster of the change to another location. No matter, we instead saw that great movie series: Die Hard. Is it III, or IV?  LOL  Anyway it's called "A Good Day to Die Hard".  Sorry, it's number five if you are playing along at home. It's about...  Sorry!  If you really want to be kept on the edge of your seats and do not want to know some key plot lines: Read no further!  You hear that Anthony M!  LOL. I was taken to task because I wrote a Tip that said 'if you had seen one Die Hard movie, you've seen them all'. Apparently I gave away too much of the plot. LOLThe "Short Take"? It's about (Bruce Willis) NYPD Det. John McClane going to Moscow to help his estrange son (Jai Courtney), who killed a Russian bad guy. Hint, hint; the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree. A major surprise, huh?And, as they say in Hollywood, mayhem ensued.  Or, in this case the destroying of over 150 cars by a Russian Army heavy armored transport. One movie patron actually laughed very loudly throughout the movie. I just chuckled here and there.  It was a good flick.In Yelp-ese, yes I've seen better (Two Stars). But, it was fun. So three Yelp thumbs up for Bruce and the gang for a better than average plot.  Was that really Moscow, because it looked like Prague?  And, only three Yelp Stars for Harkins for the mess up!!!  Though the theatre is very clean and normally a very nice place to see a movie.  So, Three and a Half Stars to Harkins.  The dinner afterwards was much nicer at nearby Pita Jungle.  We even made it for Happy Hour.
4	Great casual restaurant, healthy tasty food and the takeout window is great!  We eat here at least twice each week :).
4	Harkins is always fun to go to.  I like them better than AMC and they always seem to have a friendly staff.  Thanks Harkins for being there for me :)
1	Seriously? No amphitheater seating?? 1988 called, they want their theatre back.
3	I mean. the theatre itself isn't that bad. It's cleanly run like any Harkins you'd expect. It's probably the smallest one in the area in terms of individual theatre sizes, when you can go to a Cine Capri like Scottsdale 101 or Tempe Marketplace relatively easily.I also got my camera stolen here, but I'm not sure if I should blame Harkins or those damn teenagers...
4	If you don't want to fight the crowds at Camelview 5, you can usually catch the independent films when they transfer to Shea 14.   The seats are really comfortable, but they don't have stadium seating and I don't think they have converted to digital, so it's not quite up to the par of the bigger Harkins theaters.   Still, they have a wide selection of films each weekend and you usually don't have to fight for parking like some of the other megaplexes.   It's our base theater and we buy the tickets in bulk to save costs.
5	This is a good place to catch a movie. Most first run movies get here. As pointed out by another, some films from Camelview 5 end up here. Ticket sales is efficient, ticket taker nice and efficient, concessions efficient, clean and pleasant place to go, bathrooms clean too.  Parking usually easy to find.
4	Not my favorite Harkins Theatres but close to the house and often falls into times that suit our schedule. Good upkeep of the theatre, clean and always good service. Don't know if they have a single large auditorium but always has first run shows plus we are always trying to keep the cost of movies to a minimum and Harkins helps with the popcorn and refill cups.The plus about this theatre is there are a lot of nice places to eat around the general vicinity that is very affordable. Sometimes parking gets very limited with the dining places there and you may have to park further than you want to.Will come back to this theatre again but prefer the North Scottsdale 101 and Bell 34th St theatres a little more.
4	Came here to watch the special screening of Phoenix lights, but the tickets sold out! Ended up watching 300, rise of the empire and the theater it was playing in was just so small! The sound was really good. Theater 11 was the theater the movie was in. It kind of reminded me of a small classroom in college with a power point presentation at the front of the room, haha. The staff was friendly though and it was a very clean theater, with the heavenly smell of freshly popped popcorn permeating throughout the theater
4	Good place to see a movie nice inside little expensive but that's normal for a movie theater always fun to go
4	It's a movie theatre. I mean, you show up, buy tickets, watch a movie. They do a great job of this. They are even 50 cents per ticket cheaper than the larger Harkins Theatres in the area as well.The place isn't glamorous or all that big as it's one of the older locations. However, that makes it far less popular so you don't have to arrive as far in advanced as you would with the bigger more popular theaters. It also shows a lot of the smaller/indie films which can be a gem.
3	As far as movie theaters go, Shea 14 is still living in the 90s.  And since I used to spend a lot of time at Shea 14 in the 90s, it only seems fitting.  Here is the breakdown...pro - they show some indie films so it's a good alternative to camelview con - no stadium seating pro - central location with some good restaurant choices next door
4	Love that this theater is near my home.  I walk here and to the other business. Ive never had a bad experience at this location  I just wish they had food and drink service.
