1	I was not impressed with May vision.  I went in for a check up and was told that I needed a new prescription for glasses.  The glasses from May vision made my vision more blurry than a previous prescription.  My eyes were re-rested by May vision and it was found that my prescription was incorrect and that my previous prescription was more accurate.  I probably wouldn't have ordered new glasses if my prescription had not changed.  I was told that I couldn't get my money back, but that they would fix the prescription.  The new glasses were still were more blurry than my old glasses.  I decided to get a second opinion.  A different doctor tested my eyes and determined that I needed a different prescription.  The doctor showed me his prescription which was totally clear and then showed me the prescription from May vision which was blurry.  I am still waiting to find out if my money will be refunded.  I have spent a lot of time at May vision and still am waiting to figure out what to do.
1	My husband and I went to May vision recently for check-ups, and to receive new prescriptions for glasses. Upon check-in we were both asked to indicate (in writing) if we wanted to decline a high-tech eye scan that cost extra. We both declined, but they performed the test on both of us without informing us. We were then sent a bill for the test. I was asked if I wanted to try some new contacts, without being informed that I would be charged around $50 extra for a contact lens exam. Don't go here if you don't want to be charged extra for exams you don't want.
1	Beware: not for those that aren't rich.  After being a patient for 10 years I've been tossed aside time and time again as someone who they can't make an extra buck off.  Getting dr May to do anything without paying him is impossible (want to just ask him a question on the phone? Not without a copay first). It's obvious where their priorities are and it's not helping the patient to their full extent. VERY disappointed and will advise everyone in the future to never waste their time and instead goto a doctor that started medicine to HELP people and not make money off of rich suburbanites.
4	In regards to my previous review, it turns out there was a mistake with my billing. Someone from the office called me to explain the miscommunication and correct the error in the billing. As it turns out, we ended up paying what I expected to be charged.
