2	I don't get Cold Stone.  My daughter once got the mint flavor w/ mix-in, it tasted like toothpaste, the mint flavor was so strong!The mix-ins give ice cream w/ so-so flavor some zip, but that adds too many unnecessary calories.If I'm gonna blow bucks on ice cream, its either a special stop to Angel Sweet where the flavors of the gelato on its own make it yummy, no need for mix-ins, or I'll pick up some Ben & Jerry's, Blue Bunny or Breyers from Fry's.
5	They made the PERFECT ice cream cake for my daughter's birthday party.  For weeks she said she wanted a strawberry cake, with pooh and tigger and rainbows.... and that is exactly what she got!  She was thrilled, and everyone at the party said it was probably the best strawberry ice cream they had ever had.
1	I can't rate this place because it's not there. they moved, miles down the road to a different location, who knows how long ago.  yelp won't let me give zero stars for a non-existent place
1	Ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be. Way over priced
4	Near Harkins.   A good stop after a movie.  Very small.  Two tables outside.  Inside standing room only.
3	The ice cream is good. Workers are friendly. But god the place was so dirty the last time I came... I literally was tip toeing my way out cause the floor had dirty water or something. It was gross.. And the place is too small and I felt cramped up with the other customers.
3	Service with a smile. Friendly staff. Place is a tad on the smaller side but same creamy cold stone ice cream as every other location. No surprises.
3	Nice icecreams with a huge amount of alternatives. Nice place to grab an icecream when in the mall. Had the donought - one. Overall good place
1	If I could no stars I would... We came in 2min before close as 2 other people were being served but we were told that they were the last people they were serving. Horrible business practice will never return there again. I understand you want to go home (I worked in a restaurant for 6 years) but at the end of the day we came in before close you should have served us.
1	Worst service ever! The two girls working completely ignored us and continued cleaning as my boyfriend and I were waiting to order. Amanda who presented herself as manager was nothing but rude and argued with me when I asked to speak to someone above her. Completely disappointed! Food display was sticky and both the girls Amanda and Haley had no emotion I for sure will never come back.
1	We ordered a cake, we picked it up got it home and cut into it.  It was a white cake with white ice cream. Nothing else in it, not what we ordered.  I called the store and was told thr Manager was at Queen Creek and Alma School store,  he wasn't I left my info and my issue.  I called back to this store lrft my info and issue. Never received a call back.
