1	Purina One Cat Food (on sale) for $3.00/pound is highway robbery, especially when I can buy the VERY SAME package for $2.00.pound at another popular grocery store, and even cheaper at PetSmart. Where are you getting this catfood from, Kobe Japan? I priced Smirnoff 1.75L exactly 33% more expensive at this Vons than another popular grocery store.And a note to the store manager: even the employees at Food4Less tuck in their shirts and make eye contact with their customers. Just something to think about when you can't make your monthly sales quota. And by the way, make sure your employees are carding ALL people in the party if they appear to be under the age of 25...the group of high school girls behind me weren't asked for ANY ID, and they bought more alcohol than I could consume in a month!Holy cow.
1	Roast Beef is almost eleven dollars a pound. Eleven.Dollars.A.Pound!Broccoli Spears $1.95 limp as dead trout. In fact, all their vegetables looked sad.Only upside: Ears of Corn 4 for a dollar, and Fresh Baked Bread regularly $0.99 a loaf, for a limited time only BOGO (buy one get one).Just because it worked out that way, I drove directly from this Vons to a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market that turned out to be a modestly significant distance away.  In this Von's parking lot, 4 of 5 cars were foreign makes, almost all of the were SUVs, and the one American car I noticed (a Cadillac Escalade) was parked with its engine running the entire time I was in the store. Inside this Von's is a Panda Express with a line six and seven people deep. When I get to the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market, I see every other car is a Chevy pickup or Pontiac, and if the car was of foreign make was it a BMW or a Mercedes SUV? No, it was a Nissan Sentra. Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market had Roast Beef for $6.98/pound, Broccoli spears at $1.58/pound, etc.etc. And a Pick-Up Styx in the parking lot instead of a Panda Express inside the store, but I think I can make do.I am slowly beginning to despise this store.
2	I visit this Von's often because it's conveniently located next to my gym.  However, it's not my favorite place to shop.  I only come here in a pinch.  Here's why:PROSClean - This store is always very clean.Friendliness - The employees here are pleasant and always friendly and willing to help out.CONSSize & Variety - The rest of the store is a normal Von's, but it's much smaller than the Von's I normally shop at, which means the selection of items is reduced.  I like shopping at smaller stores like Trader Joe's or Whole Foods when it's specialty stuff I'm looking for....but when I'm looking for variety I like larger stores.  Bread selection and veggie selection is limited.Weird Design - The store has the Deli & food outlets in the center of the store....what?!  Yeah, it's fakakta.....most Von's are designed the same way so I know my way around, this one isn't....it's a jumbled mess.Overall, not one of my favorite places.Will I return?  Only because it's convenient.  Like they say, it's all about location I guess.
1	I went to Von's only to get a gallon of milk.  I detest this store.  Oh, it's clean and the employees are friendly.  But they have nothing and the produce is awful and expensive.  No supermarket here is as good as the worst ones back east, but Von's is my least favorite.   It's the closest to my house, though, so I'm usually passing by when I need milk or tuna salad.  Even the parking lot sucks!
2	Super friendly staff , always clean . Prices average , produce often unedible . The produce is the worst I have ever seen in a store in this country . So I use Vons for regular shopping because of the location but get produce at the less convenient Albertsons or Fresh & Easy. Another aspect which is grating is the constant fundraising , every time you get to the register the staff hit you up for a donation. They whisper " managements orders " then look apologetic. Give me a break , I go almost everyday , it's too much . I have to wonder if Vons donate our ca$h and the claim the deduction for themselves? Just asking....
5	This review is solely on their bakery. The people that work there are very nice and their baked goods are ALWAYS fresh! Try the tiramisu. It is probably one of the lightest and freshest tiramisu slices I have ever tasted. So freakin' amazing!
1	This store is very dirty, and has lots it's attention to detail over the last year. It's obvious to me that poor management has destroyed the morale and drive of the employees who used to take pride in this store. I won't be sad to see this store losed and replaced with a Cardenas.The management has lost sight in CUSTOMER SERVICE. It has definitely carried over throughout the store and employees, they just don't care. High prices and poor customer service ....means I will never shop here and I will tell all of my friends and family the same.
4	I just love this Von's location! They have a HUGE produce selection. One side is dedicated to organic and the other the regular. The bakery is my fav. They have so many options to choose from and the staff in the bakery are always looking to make sure what is out is fresh. The store is very clean.The only thing that frustrates me is there never seems to be enough checkers. They have like 2 lines open and they always have longgggg lines! I often just stop in for a gallon of milk and have to wait forever. The cashiers and baggers are always friendly though and offer to help me out.For those freaked out by the Vons "Just for U" program you really shouldn't be. Wake up and get with the NOW! It isn't hard you just simply create an account and check for your weekly deals. I can even to it from my smart phone. Each week I get $3-5 off my produce and discounts on meat as well personalized deals. I also love that they give me gift certificates towards my bill just for utilizing the program!P.S. The mini bear claws in the bakery are a rare find but if you can find them buy them and try them!
4	Vons is a tad pricey, I think, but it's convenient to where I live. The staff are friendly, and the store is usually clean and well organized. They take pride in their decor- the store really never looks neglected or tacky.   The indoor Starbucks is a convenient place to relax- although it's rather amusing that there's a "real" Starbucks several yards away in the same plaza (kinda reminds me of that article in The Onion about the grand opening of a Starbucks inside the bathroom of a Starbuck's...)  Von's is really trying to cultivate customer loyalty with their online program where you create a shopping list online and can print it at the store.  You can have coupons put onto your Von's card through the online site as well.  Of course, whenever networks are involved things don't always go smoothly, so there are times when the site is down and you can't retrieve your list, or the printers are down/out of paper.  I'd rather do everything on my smartphone anyway.I guess I don't have too much criticism of this store. I do have a wish, though: HAVE SUSHI MADE FRESH ON THE PREMISES!! That refrigerated stuff just won't do.
3	I needed to make a quick stop to buy some fresh fruit and since I was at this shopping center for a Starbuck's, I went to Vons to get the fruit.The selection was good, I was able to check out quickly, and I was on my way.  The only slow down was the cashier trying to "hook" me on their new gas rewards like Smith's.  I took the brochure and thanked her for her information.This isn't my normal store and it's several miles from home, so it won't be my shopping place.  I will stop in here when I'm in the neighborhood to pick up some items.
5	Vons is one of my favorite markets in town. It has the best produce, fresh live herbs and extensive wines to choose from. I love that they also sell organic produce from local farmers and that they have a points system so you can earn discounts for gas.
4	Vons can be on the pricey side but when they have good deals they are good. They have a good rewards program they personalizes deals according to the things you but most. Although I only bought wooden bamboo skewers ones and it at times offers coupons for that. The produce section is big. I like getting red and green bell peppers for my hot dogs here because the produce at Walmart is more times than not bad. The bakery here is cool because they always change the types of baked good offered but still have the favorites. Now if they could only have those mini bear claws stocked more often (they sell out quick)! They have a good variety of meat and the butcher is always willing trim anything fresh or the way you ant it. I stay way from the lunch meats here since they don't offer Boar's Head and I'm not a fan of the type they to have. There is a Panda Express near the produce department that is convenient when I want to grab lunch/dinner and groceries in one shot. The lines can be long so some self check out registers might come in handy for those only picking up a few items. For those who have no vehicle or means to get to Vons, they offer delivery. My Dad is handicapped and not able to shop for himself. He has used the delivery from Vons for years and they are always so cool about unloading his groceries in the kitchen for him.
5	This place is outstanding. I couldn't be more  satisfied with the staff. I could say Lara, Jaylene among others go beyond their duty to serve.
2	Vons is not my favorite grocery store.  I stop in because it's right by my gym and if I need an item or two, it will do.  Overall I don't like the fish (blech) or meat.  Produce is hit or miss so you have to pay attention.  They have a reasonably good selection of organic foods/produce for a store that doesn't specialize.It's not horrible... it's just not the right blend for what I typically purchase.
3	Updated to relate our disappointment with the bakery. We ordered a graduation cake and were told by the baker that in order for us to pick the cake up early Friday morning, she would "have to bake it on Wednesday" because she's "off on Thursdays."  Found out today from another bakery employee, when we tried to order a birthday cake, that Von's has their cakes delivered as half-sheets- they don't bake them on the premises. Because the cakes aren't baked on the premises, the bakery has less control over the product and is limited in handling requests -hence our disappointment.
1	Dont EVER order from Vons Online for delivery !! I ordered groceries for delivery being that as you guys know I'm in a wheelchair and would have difficulties bringing the groceries home. I ordered with a window of 12pm to 1pm .... 2pm comes and I call customer service who reported to me that delivery was having a back up and to wait another hour.... And after many calls and e-mails ....learned that at 6:50pm they would have to reschedule? Bullshit!!I could have spent today outside .... instead I waited and waited and waited .... Shame on me for not cancelling the order after the first call.... And the nerve of the customer service rep telling me to have a "great day."...What The Fuck?!?!?!
4	I really like this Von's. It's not too busy, so I don't have much trouble getting around the isles quickly. Plus, there are no self check outs. I hate those things, they take away people's jobs. The staff there has always been friendly.
