4	Just opened in what used to be Mojo Bistro, Thai Suan Thip adds a much needed dose of authentic Thai food to an area overpopulated with bad Chinese and pizza restaraunts (not you, Ephesus - you are delicious).    Located on a little bend in the road, Thai Suan Thip may be easy to miss, but it's a gem in hiding.  The decor rivals any Thai place I've been to in Pittsburgh.  A very nice, intimate atmosphere, but still casual and relaxed.  We were quickly greeted and seated upon entering, and our server was pleasant and attentive.  This is a BYOB place (Bellevue is a dry town) so bring your own bottle of wine and settle in for the evening.  The appetizer sampler was incredible: handmade everything with a different sauce accompaniment for each item.  The presentation on this was fantastic, and the apps were delicious.The main courses were loaded with super fresh vegetables and the chicken in our dishes was tender and moist.  The only thing I found to be lacking was the spicyness of the dish.  I ordered very spicy (5 out of 5 heat level) and I would say the spicyness was about a 2-3 of 5 at best.  I think a 10 point spicyness scale would allow a little more granularity in spicing the dish. (Perhaps have some hot chili sauce at the table like at Sweet Basil for self modification?)  The curry sauce was good, but not the best I've had in town.  It lacked the richness and thicker consistency that I'm used to.  Still, pretty delicious for only being open 2 weeks.  For now, this place gets my #2 spot, tying Bangkok Balcony but still second to Sweet Basil, but I have a feeling that I'll be back in a few months and this place will overtake Sweet Basil as my new #1.
5	My husband and I discovered Thai Suan Thip just this week as we decided to drop by Mojo Bistro - only to find it was now a Thai restaurant. This was actually pure serendipity - as I wanted Thai - but Niki's Thai Restaurant in the North Side was not open yet (we went by around 11 and it didn't open until 11:30am).As it was very early, and a weekday, the place was charmingly quiet. We were treated not only to exceptional food, but also got to know the executive chef!  She came out and explained her approach in making each of the meals.   And to paraphrase, she does not americanize the food by adding "flour" and "other ingredients" that are not authentic. The food is amazing. The unique layering of flavors in the spcies and fresh ingredients really impressed us.  We went with some standards (sampler tray, chicken satay) for our starters, and then tried one of the chef specialities.  Being as it was lunch time, and I am/was 35 weeks pregnant, we only ordered one plate to share. Everything was amazing. We left with a full, but not weighted down feeling!The background the chef provided is that she grew up in Thailand and served in the air force there until 10 years ago, when she met and married her husband (who also works at the restaurant).  She came to America with her husband, but returned to Bangkok for formal culinary  training. Her goal is to bring real authentic Thai food to the area. The food was so amazing - we ordered takeout just two nights later!  When we picked up our takeout, the place was busy with the happy buzz of customers.I just can't say enough good things about this restaurant - and I am so glad it's only a mile away!
5	Follow up to an earlier review:I have returned several times since the opening of this restaurant, and every time I leave impressed.  As the other reviewers have said, the owners are fantastic people and always take some time to say hello and talk.  After my previous suggestion to boost the spicyness of some of the dishes, I spoke with the chef regarding the spice levels.  Turns out I was just ordering the wrong dish.  Some things just aren't meant to be super spicy!  After a little basic Thai language lesson and an overview of some of the dishes, my standard order has changed slightly and my satisfaction with the spice is tip top!LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Very good food and great atmosphere!
5	Really Fresh and great food. Chef Joy talked to me to ask me how my Pad Thai was and I told her it was great! You can tell they use fresh ingredients; she buys fresh food every day and spends the extra time to get everything just right! Her husband hosts and helps run the restaurant. He's a really friendly guy too. Only thing this place could use is a drink menu. If you want wine with your dinner you have to bring it yourself.
4	I finally got a chance to try Thai Suan Thip this week. I've been meaning to, but they don't deliver, and I just hadn't gotten around to it.This is a great place to have in Bellevue. The atmosphere is very charming, though personally I could do without the tall tables; that's just me and my dislike of elevated chairs. We were seated right away around 7:30pm on a Tuesday. The place was full shortly thereafter; there aren't many tables, but they do have a nice patio. It's BYOB, being in dry Bellevue.Service was slow in the extreme, but very friendly. It took about ten minutes before the waiter came to our table at all. He did let us know right away that a few menu items weren't available (chicken satay and something else), and answered my friend's questions about a couple of dishes. Two of us ordered Thai iced tea, which sadly didn't arrive until about halfway through the meal, which itself took a very long time to come out. That said, they do only have two cooks, and the place is so cute we didn't mind the wait.One friend ordered the Snow Angel at first, but we were informed that you need to call ahead for it as the preparation takes a long time. She went with Shrimp in the Garden instead, which I've seen praised to high heaven in other reviews (not necessarily on Yelp). It was in fact really good, but it's basically shrimp and broccoli tempura with a tasty pineapple-chili dipping sauce. Well-executed and delicious, yes; novel and worth $10, not so much.I had the tom kha soup with chicken. Tom kha is the one food I would pick if I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life, and this was an excellent example. It was perfectly balanced in terms of sour, salty and sweet (cookbook nod, anyone?) with a good tang of fish sauce balanced by the freshness of cilantro and galangal. Oddly, there were sweet bell peppers involved rather than roasted chiles; instead, the heat was added by crushed red pepper flakes. Understandable with the ability to specify different spiciness levels, but not optimal. Still, one of the best instances of one of my favorite foods. I wouldn't kick it out of bed for eating crackers.We also had shrimp pad thai, which was again very tasty. The noodles weren't overcooked, thank goodness, and the shrimp were large and perfectly done. The sauce was delicious, though I wish there'd been more of it.There was obviously a lot of attention given to the presentation of the dishes, both ours and the ones we saw go past on the waiter's arm. The portions were of reasonable size; when I go to Lulu's, say, or Thai Cuisine, I end up with a giant carry-out box of leftover pad thai, but here it was just the right amount for one meal. It could be argued that it ought then to cost slightly less, but I think they're going more for a nice upscale experience than "neighborhood Thai joint."Given the gorgeous interior, the friendly-if-slow service, and the readily apparent care that went into the dishes, I'll certainly go back. It's the kind of place that would be great for a date or for catching up with old friends. Next time, I'm getting larb, which is another barometer of good Thai food to me.Parking, by the way, is on the street mostly, and you may have a tiny bit of a walk, but no more than you'd find in Oakland.
5	Thai Suan Thip is the best restaurant in Bellevue.  No question.  The name apparently translates to "garden of heavens," and that it is.On that note, the outside patio is so full of lush plants I actually forgot that I was eating along that weird bend of Lincoln Avenue that was a part of my nightly walk for most of my life.  The inside restaurant is just one room--cozy but not cluttered.  Great atmosphere all around.Second, the food is fantastic.  I'll admit it: I prefer less spicy foods, so Asian restaurants can be tricky for me.  But not only did I enjoy the pad thai, but so did my friend who loves red-hot-three-alarm-fire-chili.  There are levels of spiciness to accommodate the most timid eaters as well as those who eat jalapeno peppers as party tricks (you know who you are).  The portions are also very large--especially for the price--so I got a nice dinner PLUS a lunch of leftovers from the entree.And for the trifecta, the service is amazing.  My water glass was never less than half full thanks to a conscientious server, and the chef was roaming around to check on meals.  Bravo!Note: Bellevue is a dry borough, so it's BYOB.
5	I was skeptical but very happy having a Thai restaurant open in Bellevue.  After dining there several times, and getting takeout even more I can honestly say that I love this restaurant.  The atmosphere is warm inside and the service has always been fantastic.  The food is some of the best if not the best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh.  If you live in Bellevue and haven't tried it yet, shame on you!  If you don't live in Bellevue it's worth the drive and remember to bring your own wine as Bellevue is BYOB.
4	I love Thai food, so it's really hard to go wrong here. This place is small and quaint. Try out the yellow or green curry. HELLO AWESOME SAUCE! But don't stay too long or you'll leave smelling like you worked in a kitchen all day. Oh, and BYOB is always a plus.
5	By far the best Thai food I've ever had (compared to several Thai places in palo alto). The ambiance is eclectic, warm, and comforting. Prices were fair. Service was incredible  The food doesn't weigh you down, I left full but didn't feel too heavy. Well done.
4	Ryan B and I are extactic that this lil Thai gem is a hop, skip, and jump from our place.  The atmosphere is incredible - very warm and cozy.  The owner/host cannot be more friendly and every time we have been, his wife, the head chef, comes out to greet us and see how we liked our meal (something that is a nice treat.)  The flavors and food are delicious.  The only thing that would make me like this place more is if they had bigger portions and brown rice!
5	This is hands down the best thai food in Pittsburgh! Chef joy is very personable and treats every guest like royalty. The Tom ka soup is so wonderful, with fresh lime juice! Amazing! The portions are the perfect size, and the atmosphere is softly lit and comfortable . You could bask in the delciousness for hours! It's BYOB too, so grab a bottle of wine and friends- you be in for a great night!
3	Thai Suan Thip is uber authentic and therefore not at all vegetarian friendly, as there is fish sauce, oyster sauce or shrimp paste in everything. The best part about that fact is that they are completely honest about it. For some reason, it is listed as vegan friendly on Urbanspoon...but according to the owner (our server), there is only one truly seafood free entree on the menu, the Rama Shower. The chef (also owner) seems to be very particular and since this is not a spicy dish they do not allow spice to be added. I found my "choice" to be disappointing all around. The portion was very small and included a few overcooked broccoli florets and one and a half baby corns with a majority of cabbage and spinach, all "bathed" (to quote menu) in a very sweet peanut sauce. The sweetness was a bit much for me and I would have preferred to have had it balanced out with some heat. Unfortunately, my dietary habits challenge tradition. I do not expect all to be catered to me, and some of my dining companions love this place, so I think it deserves 3 stars. The decor is wonderful and there must be something to say about authenticity, other than it sucks for me.
2	Based on the glowing reviews of this place, I took my family here for dinner tonight.  I even called ahead to see if they were open since it's around the holidays (yes) and if they were running a wait (no).So our family of 4 arrived and we were tepidly greeted and immediately asked if we had a reservation.  We replied "no" and our waiter went to the counter and studied their book for a bit.  After letting us know that there were lots of reservations for the upstairs dining room, we were escorted to the basement.  It sort of felt like we were being banished for having kids with us, but it was fine.  Except if you count my wife's allergies acting up as soon we got downstairs.We started with the steamed dumplings ($7.50) and the fried tofu ($4.50, I think).  The dumplings come 4 to an order and they are artfully presented - each in sauce on a small spoon.  They were good but not worth the price tag.  The tofu was also good but not much of it on the plate.My wife went with the Massaman Curry - I thought it was good.  Considering the amount of food that it was the rice that came on the side didn't seem to be much.  Not wanting to be nickle and dimed any further, we just skipped the extra rice.  I had the Pad Thai with tofu and beef.  The food was good and it even reminded me a bit of my recent trip to Thailand.  But again, the portion size seemed to be lacking here given the price tag.In all, it was $51 including tax and tip.  We'll probably not be back.  Service was attentive enough but a bit on the cold side.  Food was good but not nearly enough.  Being the only diners in a musty but beautifully decorated basement with lots of Thai knick knacks wasn't my idea of a good time.  Thai Suan Thip gets points for bringing me back to Thailand - but not enough points with service, portion size and being banished to the basement to bring me back to their place in Bellevue.
5	Best Thai food in PIttsburgh!  We go here anytime we want Thai food.  It's a small venue, but it's laid out so that you never feel like you're on top of other guests.  Very comfortable.  The atmosphere is dim and decorated with Thai and Asian decor.  Because it's small, I would suggest making a reservation.  The owners are extremely nice and always make sure you're attended to.  There is a lot to choose from on the menu and everything is excellent!  I've never had a bad dish.  This is a BYOB establishment, which I actually like.  Bring your favorite bottle(s) of wine to enjoy with a small corkage fee.  It's much cheaper than ordering a bottle or two at a restaurant that sells wine.  Some say that the portions are small; I think they are just right.  I think restaurants in general tend to serve too much.  All in all, great place!!
4	Wait staff was ok, but the food was OUTSTANDING!!  I heartily recommend the Pad Thai and the mango sticky rice.
1	Since they have opened, I have dined at least twice a month sometimes more.  I have introduced many friends to this small neighborhood establishment.  But I am sorry to say I will probably not go back.  The portion have gotten smaller, the service slower and unfortunately my last experience can only be termed the worst treatment I have ever received at a restaurant in my life.  I had a reservation and arrived on time with two friends, both business owners, who were treating me to dinner for my birthday.  A  young man was mopping the floor and said we could come in and sit until he was ready.  The chef came out of a door eating and said they were not quite ready. If they were not willing to be open on time they should change the posted hours. We said we were willing to sit and talk and wait.  When the young man finished mopping he announced that he had to change before he could take our order.  I am sure he scrubbed up thoroughly.  Never the less, 1/ 2 hour after we arrived we had our drinks, one  of which was incorrect, at the table and ordered appetizers.   Subsequently, entrees were ordered and even before we had all finished, the waiter tried to clear our plates.  As soon as we finished, the plates were whisked away and the waiter seemed surprised when we asked to see desert selections.  Again, before we finished,  a waiter tried to pick the plates up.  When I said we were not done yet, he delivered the bill instead.  My friend put a credit card in the folder and finished her ice cream by the time the waiter returned.  He was followed by the owner who unceremoniously told us if we didn't need anything we should leave as he need the table for a reservation.  In total, we were in the restaurant for 1 hour and 45 minutes.  30 minutes of it waiting to be served. The other hour and 15 minutes we were made to feel unwelcome and rushed.  Now for the good news.  My friends have told their friends and business acquaintances.  I have retold this story to everyone I have ever taken there or suggested this establishment to as a good choice.  I live in Ben Avon and am part of the North Hills largest health and fitness center.  It's word of mouth my friends that spreads the news.
5	What a find! Chef Joy prepares wonderful food with great authenticity and freshness. Service was top flight, ambiance is great outside on a beautiful summer night, or cozy spot inside in winter. This place is off-the-beaten-path and well worth seeking.
1	I use to come here all the time about a year ago. They changed their portion size and I love their food but I'm not paying 13$ plus a tip to go home hungry. It makes me upset because I love their food! Wishing they had larger portions.
5	The best. I love their drunken noodle and pineapple fried rice dishes. The owners are a husband wife duo, she is from Thailand and handles the cooking. Cute little place to get together with friends or for a romantic night out... the food is excellent, the prices are right, and it's BYOB!
5	The BEST part of our visit was when the chef (also maybe the owner) came to our table at the end of our meal to thank us for coming to her restaurant. In her words, she doesn't want the restaurant to get too popular or busy because then she couldn't cook her meals to perfection with the full flavor!! That impressed our group, the chef and only server really care about the guest's experience.  From the quality and flavor of the curry to the mellow ambience and how well the server explained the dishes to those of us who rarely eat Thai food. They have levels of spice from 1-7 so I found that helpful and accommodating and BYOB is always a plus! It is worth the trip to Bellevue if you like Thai food! Especially good to come Mon-Thurs. I will definitely come back and recommend to friends.
5	I visited for the first time this evening to order a dish to go.  I entered the decorated front room which felt comfortable and authentic and was warmly greeted.  I went with the drunken noodles and it came out quickly.  When I arrived home my dish was still hot - and what a treat!  My only complaint is I was interested in trying the ginger tea which has so many good reviews here, but they do not have to go cups.  However, I was invited to bring in my own travel mug next time.  I am looking forward to my next visit to try the tea as well as something else from the menu.
3	The food is really good BUT I paid $40 on a meal for two (including an appetizer & two entrees) and we both left hungry. The portions are 1950's style small, which is fine, but the price should match the size of the meal. I'll probably give it another try, but my first impression was meh.
3	Since buying a house in Bellevue, while it's being renovated, I've had many occasions to be in the area, with people to eat with. I'd heard nice things about this place, and thought I'd give it a try.We walked in the front door, and we were the only people there. The decor is...well...adorable. Antique mirrors and chachki line the walls, lots of old wood, and at the moment, there was a ladder in the back of the room. We wondered if they were open, and a man appeared for a brief second, and then he was gone. I went to the counter, and a woman, the Thai owner, came out of the kitchen and said we could sit anywhere. We started to sit at a very cute little table in the window nook next to the door, and were warned that if people came in and out of the door, it could get cold, so we moved to the other side of the door window which was more recessed and sat at a tall table.We looked over the menu, which seemed pretty staple, but the prices seemed a tad higher than they needed to be. The server was the hubby owner, a very all-American dad type, who greeted us with the little Thai prayer pose and bow, which frankly, looked kind of silly coming from an all-American dad type. He did it several times through the evening. If he were Asian, then it wouldn't seem so odd...We both decided on the pad thai, and he took our order, and off to the kitchen he went. He'd left two glasses of water at the table, which was good because he didn't ask if we'd wanted anything else to drink.One other couple came in while we waited, and sat at the 'cold' table. My friend and I had a nice long chat until the food came.The plates arrived, and were the big fancy bistroid white plates, square and angled - with not a lot of food placed upon them. It looked more like a quick lunch portion that a dinner portion.The pad thai was good. Nothing spectacular, but not bad at all. It is just a basic pad thai. They certainly could have thrown on another spoonful or two for the price tag. After the meal my friend asked for the ginger tea, and sipped it slowly, saying it kind of had a spice 'burn' to it.She really enjoyed her meal, saying it was perfect, but she's a tiny little thing who doesn't eat much. But as a guy, I really didn't want to leave a meal to look for a meal.The atmosphere is truly charming and comfortable, but a little 'cold'. It was kind of like sitting in the side room of an old library. Shhhhhhhhh! Pleasant, but it didn't have any kind of spark. The food is good, but there's not much of it, and you're paying kind of hefty bistroid prices for it, in an area that has no need for a bistroid, or the prices that go with it. As I've stated multiple times in other reviews...I don't care what your 'atmosphere' levels are set at. I don't go out to eat 'atmosphere'...I go to eat FOOD. Never has an 'atmosphere' made me keep coming back. But a good portion of food at a fair price will every time.Considering the other options in and around Bellevue, I can't say I would never return, but I would have to have a serious craving that couldn't be satisfied with a short drive elsewhere.  I really do think this place could be a bigger hit if they just weren't so skimpy on the portions. I wouldn't mind the price tag so much if I were actually sated.If you're the uppity foodie type, this might be right up your alley. But if you like FOOD...well...enjoy...but pack a light lunch for the drive home.
4	Small, quaint and cozy - this restaurant has a very homey, comfortable feel to it. It was a great spot to find peace on a snowy, slushy, rainy and cold winters evening.The Tom Yum lemongrass soup was soothing and spicy, I ordered mine at a four, and while I'm a big fan of spice, the soup would have been better for me at a two or three. For my entree I ordered my staple dish at a Thai restaurant - Pumpkin Curry. The flavors of this dish were awesome and the spice level four worked well as I was able to cut the hot and spicy with the rice. The only dish I was slightly disappointed with was an appetizer of pineapple fried tofu. The description on the menu was deceiving, I thought the pineapple would play a roll in the actual fried tofu - instead we were served some bland fried tofu pieces with a pineapple dipping sauce. The sauce was tasty, but the appetizer as a whole...eh.The service was...okay. Luckily I was out for a leisurely dinner and wasn't in any hurry as there there was only one person working the floor.  Though the restaurant is relatively small, there were quite a few people out dining for a Tuesday night. Plus with the place being a BYOB, having my own bottle of wine at the table eased any neediness from servers. Food came out slowly, but as I mentioned before, I wasn't in any hurry and it was a nice easy tempo for a relaxing dinner with a friend. The server was actually quite attentive despite being the only one there, he came around often to refill out waters and orchestrated the pace of serving well.All in all, great place. I will most definitely be back. Happy to find a Thai place relatively close to home.
2	I love the food and the ambience is amazing, but I won't be coming back, because the service is frankly horrendous. We waited a half an hour to order (with several large tables seated after us ordering before us) and when we ordered, they were out of almost half of the menu. Literally half, including the dish I most like. They need to at least double the staff and work on the level of professionalism exhibited across the board. I worked in the food service industry for many years and am quite forgiving of the fact that everyone has a bad night, but this experience has become the norm at this restaurant, sadly. I just can't keep going back, despite my desire to support a local restaurant that's run by very nice people.
3	This restaurant is very convenient and despite having found 2 other Thai restaurants that I really enjoy (Nicky's Thai and Smiling Banana Leaf) I thought I would give it a try. The portions are generous and the staff was very nice. Overall I felt that the food was okay, but fairly bland. We enjoy heat with our Thai food and typically order meals at a 7 or 8 out of 10, but despite the increased level the majority of the food appeared to be prepared at a much lower heat level. The highlight of the meal was the pumpkin curry, which did have a nice complex flavor and heat level. I was disappointed that although other Thai restaurants had the Green Papaya salad in season, this restaurant did not. Although it was not a bad meal, there are much better thai restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	This place just changed ownership. It's now called Thai Tamarind. Their phone number is 412-766-1899. Hours Mon-Sat 11 AM-3 PM and 4-10 PM. Sunday 4-9 PM. I ordered the duck curry and my wife ordered chicken pad thai. Our orders came out in 5 min. The duck pieces were tender though it would have been better without the skin. The pad thai was very nice. The service was real friendly. Our hostess/waitress is visiting from Hawaii and helping set up the business.
4	Under new ownership and management; it took them a month or so to get their footing, but the place is really great now. Fantastic service, and the food is really solid. If you're unsure what to get, the Crab Fried Rice is some next-level grub.
