3	I was on a quest to find a Blender Bottle for my protein shakes and was directed to GNC by a friend.  The store is very well stocked with everything from protein shakes to weight loss supplements, energy drinks to chewable vitamins.  Everything seemed more expensive than usual, but it is a specialty health store, so what do you expect?  I looked around a bit before a sales associate asked if I needed help.  When I said I was looking for a Blender Bottle he sprang to action, recommending the taller size, as it would blend my shake better and it was only $0.50 more.  What color would I like?  There were many to choose from.There was a deal:  buy one get one 50% off.  I was hard-set on limiting my purchase to one, but he convinced me to buy another one.  He was so damn energetic, I couldn't say no.  At the cash register I tried samples of protein chews and a multivitamin, as he proceeded to give a pitch about a Lean Body protein shake.  No thank you, just the two bottles.  Did I have a GNC card?  Nope.  He looked very disappointed and tried to sell me a membership for one of these cards (I still don't know the name of the card or the membership).  He did manage to get my e-mail address so I can receive even more spam in my inbox.  Now that I have my Shaker Bottles I don't think I'll need to come back here.
3	I've been throwing ridiculous amounts of cash at the Max Muscle next to LA Fitness for months on various things like Blender Bottles and protein powders.I popped into GNC last night because I was in need of a new protein powder, and Max Muscle happened to be closed. Shame. Anyway, the guy at this GNC was pretty cool.He answered all of my questions, let me try just about anything I wanted, and gave me educated answers on EVERYTHING I asked. I got buy one get one 50% on almost everything I purchased. I got product samples for some of the items I was curious about.I've somehow been in sales for the past few years, so I know when I'm being sold....this dude let me make my own decisions. Smart guy, because that's how you actually make a sale. To all of you in sales....remember that!I'll try out this new protein powder. If I like it, I'm sure I will come back. I had an overall positive experience at this store.
1	I really was not pleased with my experience here. I came in looking for diet pills to add to my workout regimen. What I did NOT come in for was a condescending lecture from the guy working here "educating" me on what is healthy. I had come in once before to see if they carry my vitamin, which they did not. The guy working then was friendly and offered different information about diet pills. He was not condescending or critical or try to use medical terms I had no hope of understanding. This other guy, however, did all of that. I ended up leaving empty handed because I honestly would have felt embarrassed to purchase what I really wanted to when he was suggesting so strongly against it. If your company wanted you to only sell one type of supplement, then they would only carry that one item. I'm still very frustrated and embarrassed by the way I was spoken to. If I wanted to be treated like a child who needed a lecture, I would go back to my ex boyfriend.
3	I would like to say that I came back to this location yesterday and the nice guy was there this time instead of the condescending Jerk Face McAssmunch. I actually looked in the store before going in, that's how much I dislike this other guy.I was there to buy a protein bar, the guy (I really should have asked his name) was very friendly (again) and picked me a great meal replacement bar in the flavor that I wanted. So I decided to tell him about my Horrendous experience and he obviously knew exactly who I was talking about. He agreed that this other guy is a DoucheTard and knowingly tries to get people to leave the store by intimidating them if they don't want to buy what he's selling. Unreal! My new buddy even offered to punch him in the throat for being such a jerk.. now that's romance! DISCLAIMER: We were completely joking and not being serious at all about punching the guy in the throat even though he may completely deserve it. I'm updating my review a few stars because of this nicer guy. He was apologetic and genuinely felt bad for the way I was treated. The two times I've interacted with him, he's been courteous and helpful. The other guy, however, should seek a different profession. I'm still not planning on using this store as my primary, but if I see my new buddy working, I'll stop in for a protein bar or something.
