4	i see you vegas, exceeding my expectations, slowly but surely. i recently moved to vegas because i graduated college and im broke, so i have no where else to go and my parents live here now. I was on my way back from physical therapy(i still cant walk up stairs yet, sad) and needed to get gas, so i stopped at the chevron and as i was filling up, i noticed a little taco truck like concoction at the corner else of the lot. The lady working there was super nice, and suggested some combos for me. i ended up getting the coconut lovers which has pina colada, coconut, and tigers blood(cherry and coconut) with shaved coconuts on top. i asked her if i could get a snow cap(condensed milk) instead of the coconut shavings and she told me thats exactly how she liked hers.She's open from monday-saturday from 12-6pm for 3 bucks for a small and 3.50 for a large, when you see how much you get, youll realize you really got your moneys worth =)
3	YUMMY - Shaved ice and gas fill up? You heard me right. This is a Hawaiian shaved iced hut on wheels in the Cheveron parking lot. We saw it and thought we should check it out since we just got back from Hawaii and was missing the shaved ice.They have plenty of different flavors and flavor combos but can get a bit pricey for shaved ice. Especially if you add any add on's like icecream or a snow cap (condensed milk) We payed almost $10 for two. Yikes.The service is ok. Not overly friendly but got they job done. It was a ok place to try out but I won't be driving across town to have another.You need to be nice to sell the ice....lol. :)
3	Shave ice (or ice shave if you're from hilo) is the perfect treat for the ridiculous Vegas heat. Ever since big island boba closed, I've had shave ice withdrawals. Its great to finally have a place that's also on my side of town. Their flavors were pretty unique, but they were out of about 8 things. I opted for wedding cake just out of curiosity. It was good but I wouldn't say that it tasted like wedding cake - I mainly tasted vanilla. Roomie got banana and strawberry - banana tasted like banana, strawberry was tart and we both didn't care for it. I guess I got too exited when ordering, because I totally forgot about adding condensed milk or ice cream. As another review mentioned, service wasn't awesome. Then again how happy would you be packed into a trailer in 100+ degrees? I put $20 on the counter right in front of her, which the wind blew away. Roomie had to chase it and luckily got it before it flew into the street, while the girl remarks "yeah that happens a lot." If she knows that happens a lot, why not grab my damn money right away? I also thought they were kind of stingy with the syrup. You get a straw and everywhere else I've had shave ice, you drink the combined syrup on the bottom. Even at the end, standing in 100 degree heat, there was nothing to slurp up. As a kid, that was my fav part so I was a little bummed. I'll definitely go again but maybe I'll pay with quarters next time.
2	This town is big enough for some healthy competition, unfortunately Hawaiian Shave Ice doesn't quite stand a chance against the ever so  popular and rightfully so Snow Ono Shave Ice Truck.  Claiming to be "The Best Shave Ice Ever!" is a lot to say, but they need to back that up.We found them by accident as we were leaving the post office in Henderson, and with the weather being over 100 degrees yesterday, we could hardly say no.The Husband and I shared a large with one of their suggested combinations - Sunset Beach, which is Guava, Mango and Passion Orange.  It came in one of those plastic flower containers and I immediately knew there were going to be problems.  First off, it wasn't packed like what I'm used to.  Sure, anyone can build shaved ice and put it in a cup, but good companies pack it really well so it can sustain its shape as you pour the syrups in.  It was already falling apart by the time he came back to the car, which was ten feet away.  Second, it looked like there wouldn't be enough syrup because it was already turning white on top.  (In reality, it's because all the syrup fell through to the bottom.)  Taste-wise, it didn't really have the strong flavors but just tasted like a big sugary sweet  mess all mixed together. Overall, it was disappointing, especially when you're expecting Hawaiian shaved ice.  It'll satisfy what you're looking for but leave you disappointed if you've had the competition or been to Hawai'i.They offer 35 flavors  plus 8 sugar free ones.  Prices:Kids $1.50Small $3Large $3.50$1 extra for ice cream (vanilla, macadamia, or coconut)$.50 extra for shredded coconut or snow cap   They do offer a frequent buyer card: Buy 5, Get 1 Free
5	As a new resident to Henderson at the end of May 2011, it was a  happy surprise to see a true Hawaiian Shave Ice vendor in the Chevron gas station lot (Eastern Ave & Horizon Ridge) and not some poser snow cone ice! Very friendly staff (for most part) who are willing to give suggestions but as always some employees are def more personable than others but none are rude. I always enjoy stopping by for a cold treat on a hot day.Buy 5 & get 1 free cards when they don't run out.  Some days you get lucky and you don't have to wait for your treat and other days they are quite busy when I stop. The ice is thinly shaved into your choice of size plastic flower cup then packed carefully down and topped by flavor choice(s). They may be out of your favorite flavor but that just attests to the fantastic treat they offer, the pleasant  attitude of the servers and the amount of business they do daily. There are always plenty of choices remaining I have found and I haven't run out of new flavors/combinations to try.Prices are very reasonable in comparison to other icy treats in the Greater Las Vegas area starting with the junior size at $1.50. Smalls are $3 and larges $3.50.  Additional pricing for optional extras from $.50 to $1 but remember to have cash on hand as they do not take debit or credit cards. The gas station does have an ATM you can use as I found out on my first visit with only my debit and credit cards in my wallet. : )I have never been disappointed with the service or product. My family and I look forward to many happy visits for yummy icy treats.
4	I've been to Hawaii enough times to know that this is the same as the real thing, BUT!! it's pretty darn close :)I love going here whenever I visit my family in Anthem.  My little cousins love it too, but I think they pretty much love everything haha It's in kind of a funny location, but it works! They give you good size portions and cool lookin cups! And I think you get your money's worth too. The people are also very friendly! Biggest heads up if you go: you never know when they're gonna decide to go on break so don't be surprised if it looks open, but then you see a small "be right back" sign! Ain't no big thang though!Keep up the good work!
3	A few days after trying Beach Bums, I asked Earl to take me to Hawaiian Shave Ice since it's down the street from our gym.  I was excited at first, thinking that they have Haleakala, but it was a different shave ice place (Frostbite) that had it.Anyways, I decided to go with a large with guava, creamsicle, and coconut, snow capped and with a scoop of icecream.  When I receive the shave ice, it was very fluffy and not the packed powdery consistency like the true Hawaiian shave ice that I have seen and tasted.  The color wasn't as vibrant, and it was melting at a super quick pace.  It was decent, but I will continue my search for Hawaiian shave ice.   Frostbite is next. They do offer a frequent buyer card: Buy 5, Get 1 Free
4	Sugar Free shave ice! Yes! They rotate the SF syrup flavors so you can try them all. Last time I was there (last night) they had 4 sugar free flavors: Pineapple, Sour Apple, Cherry and Strawberry. I love establishments that offer sugar free or low-carb options, and that's why I love this food truck. The lines can get long in the summer but just be prepared to wait. They are also open later during the summertime, 'til 9 pm during the week and longer on the weekends. The ice is soft, fluffy and a great way to cool down on those 116 degree Vegas days. It's worth nothing that there's no seating and it's cash only.
4	I had never had a Hawaiian Shaved Ice before but I see them popping up all over town. Hubby talked me into going when neither of us were feeling well. I thought I was driving down the street for a snow cone. That was not the case and I was quite surprised how tasty and light the wonderful banana frozen desert was!!! Really loved it. Look forward to trying more flavors!
5	This is our favorite local shave ice joint, and we LOVE that they offer sugar free options.  Convenient location and always hits the spot!
5	We always see them around town and said we would stop but never did. The kid running the stand was very nice and patient. He let us try 5 different flavors.When placeing our order a family asked us if we wanted to join them and eat our Hawaiian shaved ice there with them. Super nice right! We did there are no tables or chairs so we just set on the side and enjoyed their company.
