4	I have used a credit union for years, but decided I wanted advanced online bill pay options. I chose B of A because it is close to home and I like the idea of their new keep the change program.With "Keep The Change" they round every transaction to an even dollar and deposit the change in my savings, after a year they match it up to $250. The teller suggested when I pump gas I stop on .01 so I deposit almost $2 in savings every time I fill up ($1 of mine, $1 on B of A).Plus, their online bill pay allows me to send payment to anyone online (not just bill pay friendly companies) via a check that B of A mails for me (free).This location is an old one, but very clean, and the staff are very friendly.
1	Bank of America was my first bank after switching from a credit union. I banked with them for a couple years. a few months after I turned 18 they told me in the branch that I was approved for a student credit card to be used for overdraft protection. I thought that was great bc I was still learning to balance a checkbook and hardly ever had more than $200 in my account at a time. I filled out all the paper work and the teller said it would be applied right away as a back up.Well, that didn't happen. I overdrafted several times thinking it would pull it from my card and ended up with almost $300 in overdraft fees. I went into the bank and they had no idea what I was talking about with that student credit card, and had no record of my paperwork or even saying that i would like them to open it.  she then explained to me that my paper work have been misplaced. this is when i freaked out.THEY MISPLACED my social, my address, name everything for anyone to be able to steal my identity. they have no record of ever having it and said i should be fine bc it was probably shredded if it was found. ya, not if a criminal found it! I then had to put a bunch of red flags on my social so that no one could do anything with my name or ss#. They wouldn't waive any of the fees bc they didn't think it was their fault. I paid them off and switched banks and i will never bank with them for anything ever again.
2	I usually don't come to this branch as I usually have to make an u-turn getting into this location.  However the experience was good, it was fast to do my payments and deposits.  I believe they open up and close late too.  Overall service was okay.
