5	This place has everything!  And it's cheap!  They've got a nice cheese and meat counter, lots of imported Italian goods, and house-made treats, pasta, and other foods.Here's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm.
4	Donatelli's is absolutely terrific--one of those local gems that make the Bloomfield neighborhood so wonderful.  Whenever I'm in the area, I make it a point to stop here.  Being that I'm half Italian, I love coming here.  The help here is really friendly,Alyson is right, try the biscotti!  As for me, I love the things that you can't really get at Giant Eagle.  They have terrific imported pastas and Italian condiments.  Their deli counter is unbeatable--certainly better than the aforementioned Giant Eagle.  I particularly recommend trying their cheeses!
1	I was walking my small granddaughter (not yet two) and when I passed I decided to go in to pick up some shrimp for my son.  I waited quite a bit of time in line for the shrimp, then again to check out.  When I checked out the woman at the register told me that they did not accept cards for purchases under $5 and since I had no money with me I told her I couldn't get the shrimp.  THERE IS NO SIGN ON THE DOOR STATING THIS OR I WOULD NOT HAVE WASTED MY TIME OR MY GRANDCHILD'S IMPATIENCE GETTING THE PRODUCT.  PUT A SIGN ON THE DOOR SO PEOPLE CAN EITHER PASS BY YOUR STORE OR GO TO THE BANK ATM PRIOR TO ENTERING.  I will not be back (the woman was rude).  I have been there before, making much larger purchases, but never have been aware of the restriction.  PUT A SIGN ON YOUR DOOR WHEN THERE ARE STORE CONDITIONS I LOOKED FOR ONE ON ENTERING.  Restrictions are understandable, just not when you fail to publish them and I waste my time.
4	We were planning our meals for the week, so Rick and I decided to head back to Donatelli's.  We picked up some of their wonderful pastas.  I was also in the mood to make Italian subs for lunches, so I picked up some terrific capicola, mortadella, salami, and provolone.  Not only is the provolone good here, so are their other cheeses.  To top off the sandwiches, I bought some imported hot gardeneria mix.  Yum!
1	I *used* to think Donatelli's was a great place--they're incredibly cheap, the premade foods like crab raviolis are delicious, and they have awesome chocolate covered pretzels and biscotti.Then I saw one of the deli members drop meat on the floor, pick it up, and stick it right back in the case! Also, a whole tray of meatballs and sauce from the hot bar was spilled all over the floor. They just scooped it right back in and I only hope it wasn't served! The place smells awful and the workers are grumpy. There's a lady there who's always screaming and cursing and some fat guy that's just as bad. The LAST experience I had with Donatelli's was when I bought a tub of "freshly packed" soynuts. I got home, cracked a brew, and reached into my beer snack to find a WORM!!! If you value your health as I do, do not eat anything from Donatelli's that  was packed there.
1	Jane is so right. The food and prices may be great, but who wants to eat dirt with it? I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by.
4	Whenever I'm in Bloomfield, I've gotta stop in at Donatelli's.  Okay, Donatelli's was my primary reason for going to Bloomfield the other day.  I had to pick up a few of the usual staples.  Our fridge was getting mighty low on mozzarella, provolone, and Italian lunch meats (the salami was on special, BTW!).  Ditto for our pantry--It was getting a little shy on the fine imported pastas, biscottis, etc.  Gotta restock!
4	This Bloomfield wonder is a Pittsburgh original.  I love the meatball sub for $2.29 and the vat of olives for $3.99 lb.  They have the best prices on lemons and Nutella.  I buy bread and fresh cheese here as well as fresh pasta.  I have never seen the staff serve off the floor but you never know.  What I don't know won't hurt me, I hope.
4	Yet another review for Donatelli's?  Well let's take a look at the January specials.  Imported Polish ham for $3.99 lb.  Polish ham at an Italian store?  Okay!  Fresh homemade pasta for $2.49 lb!  Gonna be having some veal tortellini with spicy Italian sausage and my homemade marinara sauce for dinner tonight.  Nicholas coffee for $6.99 lib.  We all know that Susan doesn't resume the form of a human female until she's had that 2nd cup.
4	After visiting Donatelli's today as part of a Yelp Event, my husband and I returned to purchase Cheese Ravioli, Grandma's Plain Sauce, and Chocolate-Covered Almond Biscotti for dinner. After having tried all three this evening, I can definitely recommend Donatelli's food and look forward to having these items again!
3	Donatelli's has some of the best prices for produce, deli meats, and Italian goods in Pittsburgh. Though, I found the general quality of the produce to be mediocre. For some of the produce offered at outstanding prices (such as the red onions), it involved doing some searching to find fresh items.I think it's a good neighborhood grocery store fir Bloomfield residents It's more worthy of three and a half stars than three stars.
5	Donatelli's Italian Food Center, Inc is next to O Yogurt in Bloomfield-Little Italy - Best prices and fresh food ever. We cannot wait to go back. Really awesome. We Love Our HOMETOWN PITTSBURGH :) YOU HAVE TO STOP here. I mean they have "EVERY THING" and it is really the BEST PRICES anywhere :)
4	I'm shocked there are so few reviews for Donatelli's.  In reading the few reviews here, it seems people either love it or hate it.  Yes, it's an older building that might not be spotless and is overflowing with so much product that you can barely move around.  But it also gives me a comforting feeling, like the store is a blanket I want to wrap around myself.Speaking of comfort, their foods are worth the visit.  They have good meats and cheeses at the deli as well as hot food items (one of these days I will get that fish sandwich).  Not hungry right now?  Check out all their frozen pasta items.  On my most recent visit, I picked up a 2 foot hoagie for $6.99, mostly because it was a great deal but also because sometimes I want someone else to make me a sandwich (and they used those good meats and cheeses from their deli).  Don't forget to pick up some bakery items on your way out.  I highly recommend the biscotti.Bottom line: If you're wandering around Bloomfield looking for some unexpected surprises, there's no shortage and if you stop in Donatelli's you won't be disappointed.
3	Excellent prices, nice staff, and good food, but Donatelli's is a little chaotic and cramped. I love the small neighborhood vibe and the biscotti is delicious, but we've found cheese in the cheese section with expired dates (by well over a month), and it just doesn't feel like the cleanest operation to be handling, making, and selling food. Of course, as people who shop the Strip District, etc., we're not going to get too hung up on that. Just be certain to keep an eye on what they're stocking and make sure it's fresh!The prepared foods are good, and the deli has a decent selection...not to mention their absurdly-affordable sandwiches. It's generally cheaper than the other Italian market nearby, Groceria Italiana (ex. the same half-gallon of milk was 30 cents cheaper at Donatelli's), and has more in terms of general grocery items, coffee (they sell Nicholas Coffee!), and snacks, so if you're looking to do a more extensive shopping trip, Donatelli's is probably recommended. My wife and I prefer Groceria italiana's pastas, desserts, and atmosphere, but we shop both on a regular basis. They're different enough to coexist, and both are good options! Check it out!
