4	Comfortable beds, down filled blankets make for a very cozy night.  Nice lobby and friendly staff.  The breakfast buffet had tasty sausage and fresh fruit galore.  The outdoor pool was so beautiful looking through the window - but once outside laying on the lounge chairs - the traffic noise was unbearable and constant - not relaxing at all - as were the noisy family with three kids and a drunken father and mother - who lets their kids throw lawn chairs into a pool?  After the family left - we actually had some fun and forgot about all the traffic noise.  The only complaint here was the noisy traffic area by the pool - otherwise a great place to stay.  Lots of places to eat around hotel and shopping mall just down the road a few miles.
4	Decent hotel near the Charlotte airport. The hotel is right off the freeway and easy to find (there is a Marriott next door).The interior decor in the lobby and the rooms is very modern. I was surprised that they haven't replaced the massive in room tv's with plasmas. The TV in my bedroom wasn't working, but the TV in the sitting room was working. With that said, I'd be happy to stay here again. I'm a Hilton Diamond member and I will assume the room I was given was a mini-suite and not a regular room. Everything was clean and seemed newish.The executive lounge didn't have much of a breakfast spread, but it did have an impressive selection of newspapers and magazines.Parking is free. There is a costco and a Chili's next door to the hotel.
4	Very nicely decorated. The staff is pretty nice, but you definitely have to keep tabs on them. I had some unknown charges to my room, while the staff was very nice its not very detail oriented. The rooms have awesome furniture and nice layouts. I had a great stay overall.
3	It's ok.  I'm not really impressed with the rooms on the executive floor but I like the lounge and the food that they always provide.  It's still bewildering that they haven't upgraded to plasma tv's.  The gym is nice, i like that all the treadmills have personal tv's you can plug into.  The service is great. The food.... not so good. Then again hilton doesn't have the greatest rep for food.  I'd prefer the doubletree hotel at southpark ANY day for food.  Get a new chef hilton!
3	I reserved a King Room and the front desk confirmed this upon check in.  However, they did not give me a king room and said no more were available.  Also, I requested a room on a higher floor away from elevators (I am a really light sleeper.  I travel with ear plugs, etc) and at first they tried to put me on the first floor off of the lobby.  I asked to be moved and they accommodated me.  Still no King bed though.  The heating/cooling was really terrible.  It was  hot in there all the time and the temp in the room did not reflect the temp on the thermostat.  Also, there was an extremely loud guest a few doors down from me.  He talked and yelled and went in and out of his room until 3am.  There is a HUGE Mens Club next door do this hotel so it's no surprise really.  I liked that there were restaurants within walking distance.  This was nice as I did not have a rental car on this trip.
3	New-ish or at least very well maintained Hilton property that is well staffed and situated. It's not far from Charlotte Douglass Airport and is at the far end of the Executive Park which is a small inclusive commercial enclave. They not only have a BBQ joint, Japanese resto, Maserati Dealership, and a McDonalds, but they even have a strip club across the parking lot! Truly the spot to be if you value easy access by foot to a variety of places and are only in the area a short time. Hotel is average, but it's placement in the Executive Park raises it to above average.
3	Good service...but it's an old hotel.   Lots of renovation going on.Gym is in the basement, kinda dismal. Rooms are ok, nothing great compared to newer Hiltons.Restaurant is good.There's a great sushi/hibachi place next door.
3	I have Platinum Elite status at Marriott and wanted to try Hilton out for a change and work up my status with them so I'm staying here. For a Hilton this one is average. I bit worn on the edges if you get my meaning. Not run down or anything. Stuff like cobwebs in the exercise room, drywall patch to the bathroom ceiling, my desk is a bit loose, the vent in the bathroom is quite fuzzy from years of dust etc. This is stuff most 1 nighters or weekenders won't notice but spending 150+ nights a year in a hotel and you start to notice the little things. The staff are great so I give Hilton and A for customer service. My biggest gripe is their internet connection. The speed is capped at about 50kps which is fine for normal surfing but the connections have been timing out randomly for the last 3 days. I tried to write this review yesterday but I couldn't due to the crappy connection. Ironically, the other time I had connection issues was in a Hampton Inn (also Hilton property). No fridges or couches/chaise in the rooms is a minus for me as well.
1	This is absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever encountered!!  They did not honor the pre-determined rate....the ac was broken the entire 5 nite stay...our children's room, next door, had a leaking toilet & sink throughout our stay....the trash cans were the most rediculous I have ever seen.....did not hold anything!!....some of our group were granted a $5.00 continental breakfast, while everyone else had to pay $15.00 per person for a sub-standard breakfast.....i will NEVER intend to patronize another Hilton, particularly in Charlotte, again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	My second choice next to the Marriott next door.  Nice rooms good service and tepid customer service.
4	I would stay here again.  The staff was receptive and the food in the restaurant was really good.  I recommend the pasta with the artichokes and sundried tomatoes over the ravioli.
3	Nice hotel, very clean and hospitable.
1	If you haven't seen the pictures I have added, just imaging that you go into the bathroom of the Hilton, and there is brown sludge dripping from the ceiling.  They obviously know there was leakage, as they had plastered the ceiling to hide the problem.Not sure how hard it would have been to wipe the crap off the ceiling, but they just left it.  I could have gone down to complain, but I would have just changed to another crappy room.  Instead, I thought I would share my experience with you.Trust me, this place is not worth the money.  There are other hotels in the area that are cheaper in price that have better quality than this.
1	If I could give a negative star review I would. We found bugs in our beds (two different rooms) and they refused to comp the stay. We are pretty sure it was bed bugs and even have pictures and the dead bugs to prove it. Do not stay here.
1	Absolutely awful customer service. Found what appear to be bed bugs in my rooms and had to switch rooms TWICE in the middle of the night. The night manager did not apologize and did not offer to comp anything--even after I gave them a tissue that had the dead bug in it. They just keep saying they're investigating. Switched hotels.
3	This is a beautiful hilton in a great location pricey but the room was huge bathroom was clean, but at the price you pay you don't get free breakfast which is crazy !!!! You can find a place just as nice with more amenities !
1	Despite how nice a business is, if it's unethical then it deserves 1 star no matter what.  Not as if this is the nicest hotel I've stayed at, the bed is very comfy though.The unethical part is when I ordered a double bourbon on the rocks at the bar, and walked away with a $30 bill.  I inquired the next day about the price of the drink with the Restaurant Manager, and her response is "That sounds about right."  I said the menu upstairs has a cocktail with the same bourbon listed at $14, but I didn't receive a cocktail, just a double bourbon ($14 per shot).  Her response?  "Oh that's because the cocktail only gets a half-pour."WHAT!!  You mean to tell me this hotel not only exorbitantly over charges for alcohol that already has a high profit margin, but you are selling cocktails for $14 that don't even have a full ounce of spirit in it?  That is called shady and wrong.  Good job Hilton.  I hope this review makes you lose the money you are trying to save by ripping people off.
5	This was a great hotel! We booked it at 12am the night before check in on hotels.com and got a rate of $67 after taxes/fees. Just a few miles from the airport, and so local to so many places- that we actually could have just walked. Pool was a nice temperature and it was pretty quiet. Beds were comfy, rooms were clean, and SHOWER HEADS WERE AMAZING!!! I ordered one online :) Great stay/great service :)
