2	I have gone to this Starbucks many times over the last 4 years because it is the closest one to my house.  They have friendly staff and prompt service, however, they are frequently out of most of the non-drink items on their menu unless you get there before 8am.
4	They got my order started fast and the employees are happy. So am I. Life is good.  I appreciate a business where the employees are happy and friends.  They all seem to get along well, which really helped the environment. Would I say this Starbucks is better than most, yes. Would I go out of my way just to go to this Starbucks, probably not, but I would go back.
3	Pulling upto the drive thru menu, a voice beckons asking for my order. "welcome to starbucks!" the voice in the box says. I stare in wonder and think it must be magic, so, as though hypnotized I reply, "treinta sweetened iced coffee, without cream, please" and next thing I know I'm at a window, and a barista appears with a smile, ready to scan my starbucks rewards card. They hand me my coffee, the window closes then just like a snap of fingers, I forget what occurred but realize in my hand is a yummy iced coffee and I go my merry way.
5	What a great way to start your day! I haven't had the best experiences in the store ordering but Drive Thur makes up for it. . I love that they have a camera and can even predict my order by the sight of my car. . Though no one has asked for my real name, i guess I'm not a "bob" yet. . :) Just a card toting Gold Card member, you know, nothing special :-) lol
3	The new caramel flan frappacino is awesome! Don't usually go to this location but happened to be in the area. When I walked in, the barista said hello, but after waiting in line the young man at the register just stood there and looked at me. No hello, may I help you, what can I get for you....nothing. Come on guys, your better than that!
2	Most of the baristas that work here have snobby, dgaf looks on their faces all the time. It's actually unsettling going inside that location. 2 stars only because of a young gentleman that works in the mornings. Don't know his name but he's super friendly, always smiling and has great customer service. The rest of the staff could pick up tips from him.Update: I did finally get that young mans name and tipped him $5 and told him that he's always so nice when he works drive thru. Matt is doing a fine job at customer service. His smile and friendliness go a long way.
