5	Sky Pub is HUGE!The best happy hour in the gay village. 1st Floor: Pub with happy hour. Be sure to sit inside in front of the huge garage doors that open, as the outside terrace they charge more for the beer. Next door to the pub, they also have a small restaurant. I have never eaten there. Will keep you posted. Sunday night is the best, as happy hour turns into a big fun tea dance.2nd Floor: A big dance club. Open nights. Usually a cover charge. 3rd Floor: Massive Roof deck w/ pool. A fun place on a hot night. ;-)
3	Uh, WTF is up with the terrible music in this place after 9pm? Wack.  Glad that there are lots of 'mos having a good time in this megacomplex... it seems aight... but really.  It's 2009.  Get a better DJ.
5	I had some great times at this nightclub.  There is so much to do at this mega complex.The first floor has a drag revue and later they play a lot of salsa and meringue.  The second floor is a discotheque and there is a strip club.The third floor is a bigger dance space.The rooftop has a bunch of lounge chairs and there is a pool and hot tub.People are really friendly here.This is a great place!
4	Always a fun place on a Friday night. It's good silly fun on the Cabaret floor with standard pop music. There's also hip-hop across the hall and housey stuff upstairs. 4$ cover for these floors.The pub floor has a great 5 a 7 every night and during the summer they have a nice terrace on the street. There's also a latin night on Saturdays on this floor. Not my thing, but it's really popular and free!The roof top terrace has to be the best in the city. It's huge, they serve giant pitchers of sangria (standard red, white, and apparently now blue, although I haven't tried that one). It's a great place to spend a sunny afternoon. It's also a nice place to watch the fireworks on Saturday nights and get served drinks at the same time! If you want a table though, get there early, it's quite a popular fireworks-watching spot. The only reason I am taking away a star is that sometimes it gets a bit too hot in the cabaret because of all the dancing boys packed in there. That alone wouldn't lose them the star, but I've had a few waiters on the terrace who weren't the brightest boys in little undies....Overall, there's something for everyone music wise, and the crowd is pretty mixed...guys, girls, gay, straight (although mostly gay), and all ages.
5	My second favourite bar in Montreal.Went on a slow night  (Tuesday) at around 11 and stayed until 3 AM.WOOHOOOO, I didn't know a cosmo could be so strong! I kid you not, within one sip, my world started to whirl. So I got two. (9$ for one, but well worth it.)Despite not many people being there, I still found somebody to talk to and had a great time taking in the ambience (Very cool lighting. Very pink!). Hetero friendly! Not that yours truly belongs to that group. ;) Just thought I'd let any of you out there know.Plenty of specials, especially with beer. The taps are right in front of the seats, so it's a bit cool and makes for an easier selection if you're new to beer. The man I was talking to that night said he had a great distaste for the "house wine," (a chardonnay) so I didn't try it, myself.My bartender, David, was very welcoming and paid well attention to everybody at the bar. Disco ball, fountain, plenty of dance floor, pool upstairs along with a patio, (bottom, outside patio, also) art, and television are some features of the bar.So take a seat anywhere you like, you're bound to have a good time.
1	Great bar for drinking. Bad bar to eat. Drinks are amazing if a bit pricey. Sangria 4 liter pitcher? Where else can you find that not anywhere I've been in the US.As for food this place was the most disorganized system of any establishment. A help yourself buffet for 3rd graders is more effective. Basically you seat yourself then hope a waiter or waitress notices you. They make you pay before the food even arrives and stand there asking to be sure to tip too. Your food might or might not come out right and might require 3-4attempts asking random waiters what the status is. And bees OMG bees bees everywhere all over the bar the staff basically ignores them. I don't smoke but would be willing to take up smoking just to ward off the swarm. Come here to drink by a pool on a rooftop. Do not eat here.
4	Was visiting Montreal for a few days and after dinner at the Saloon, my local friend suggested stopping here.  As soon as we walk in we are directed upstairs to coat check and pay $1.50 for each item we check.  (pretty cheap, eh?).  The two top floors are empty, but they were bumping hip hop in one room and Top 40 in the other.  We head back dowstairs where we saw the most hubb-ubb and to our delight they are playing Salsa, Merengue, Reggaeton and Cumbia - IN MONTREAL?  It was awesome!  The dancefloor was a decent size with two large bars on either side.  It was a busy night but not overly crowded or obnoxious.  No pretense here, just a fun "Boys Town" hangout, and being from LA, this is super refreshing!  I could see large pitchers of neon colored drinks all over the place, but we were having such a blast sans-cocktails that we didn't partake.  Bottom Line:  Good Music.  No Cover.  Cheap Coat Check. Fun time!
4	Great outdoor area, expansive bars and dance floor inside, exceptional upstairs patio.   This is my favorite bar in the Village.    Drinks are fairly priced, some nights they have a nice spread for customers.Staff is attentive, most of them only speak French though...
5	So glad we chose this bar to stumble into in the Village!The drag show entertained us for a long time, the dance floors are spacious, and there seems to be a bar serving up alcohol in every nook. What more could you want?Sad that the terrace was closed while we were there, but you have plenty of other space to do your thing.
1	Really rude service. The bartenders upstairs accidentally poured us three gin and sodas. When we went back to say we had asked for gin and tonics, she insisted we'd said soda and refused to change them. Seriously, who t f orders gin and sodas? That on top of another rude (though shirtless and pretty) waiter. Never again!
4	Great for straight and gay people. Great rooftop for smokers.
4	The balloons on the rooftop blocked my view but the drinks were cheap for Montreal standards.
4	Drinks are $2.50 on Friday nights?!?  Fun bar -- actually, bars. Drag show downstairs, dance music in one upstairs bar, hip hop in the other. Diverse crowd all having a good time.
3	Nice place. Rooftop bar is beautiful and the different levels allow you to roam, but a few issues...1)when we got there, tables were open on the large outside seating area at the entrance, so when we grabbed two drinks inside we sat out there. When we were about 75% complete our drinks this snooty waiter who looked like Michael Phelps afflicted with an overbite  came over to us and said we need to "go inside. Those drinks were bought inside." We asked if we could finish them and order a few more drinks with him..he said "no"...avoiding any eye contact...There were no signs (in French or English) anywhere suggesting u cldnt bring ur drinks from inside outside and when we questioned him on that as well as why other patrons outside had glasses like ours, he couldn't really answer. Also, when you are outside and you want to pay by credit card, you have to follow the server inside to the bar and run the card there. Slight annoyance but dumb. Second waiter was more pleasant than the first guy who gave us hassles and it is a great place to watch the hot messes parade up and down the main strip at Le Village, so I still give it 3 stars.
3	Stinky & StickyIf you enjoy the smell of washrooms, then go to Sky Bar. That aside, drinks are good, shows are entertaining, especially Shakira, and the upstairs patio is worth a visit. I would go back for the show and drinks.
4	Ce que j'ai aime de l'endroit: plusieurs terrasses, plusieurs pistes de dance avec des styles de musique differents, les dj sont trop bons, le personnels gentils et y a plein de petits bar, et l'alcool est pas cher. J'ai aime la deco, surtout les effets lumieres et l'ambiance qui change d'une salle a l'autre selon nos gouts. Le gros bemol pour moi (je me fais vieille) c'est tellement chaud et humide et a certain endroit ca pu le swing intense. Pour une soiree intense de dance ou un drink sur la terrasse c'est un bon endroit. Attention ambiance vraiment differente un soir de semaine, c'est plus 5 a 7 25 ans et plus! Pour y avoir ete souvent!
1	I went last night with my good friend for a drink there. We were mortified to see that the price of their 2 for 1 special was 12$ for 2 glasses of Molson. I don't mind paying that kind of money on beer but is has to be better than that. I really doubt that I will ever come back to SKy considering how expensive cheap products are there.
