4	Very nice Italian restaurant in Montreal. It has romantic decor and a great wait staff. Our waiter had a very strong French accent (shocker in Montreal) that was very funny and accommodating.I came here with my wife on a blistery cold Tuesday night in March 2007. So the place was probably 10% full. It is huge inside and looks like a great place for not only a dinner, but a party.I ordered the gnocchi with porcini mushrooms and Gorgonzola. Very tasty dish. My wife had the filet mignon, which was so damn good. The waiter was spot on with everything. He knew when to get our drinks, and also knew when to leave us alone. It was a romantic setting, and definitely a place I would like to visit on my next trip to Montreal.
3	Decent italian cuisine. Quiet, small, boringly tasteful interior. Friendly slow waitstaff. Gorgonzola noci gnocchi were delicious, but not enough noci. Pasta fagioli could have been more flavorful.  Hazelnut tiramisu was nice, but lacking substantive flavor and overkill with the mocha powder. Better than expected but still just ok.
5	I ate here last week and it was fantastic. I was attending a show at the Bell Center and I had heard of this place. The Octopus is amazing as are the scampi's. If you're a fan you have to go try them. Also the wine list has to be one of the best in the city.  They have free parking when you eat here, so great tip when going to a game/show at the Bell Center.
2	Our group of eight arrived for what we hoped would be an enjoyable, conversation filled evening. Unfortunately at 7:30 a hockey game broke out on very large flat screen TVs generously placed throughout the room. What we where looking for - a fine dining experience turned quickly to a sports bar.I wish I could say it go better but it got worse, our food arrived cold and with disappointing portions. The service on beverages was predictably good (sports bar) but on the food quite average.Even on an evening without a hockey game being shown you can do much better in the surrounding area.
5	Wonderful,If you are looking for fine Italian food in downtown Montreal, this is the place.Even if you do not find what you are looking doe on their extensive menu, just ask and they will make it for you.White table cloths, great wine list ,friendly staff and the best of Italian dishes.Not to be missed!
4	Wonderful,If you are looking for fine Italian food in downtown Montreal, this is the place.Even if you do not find what you are looking doe on their extensive menu, just ask and they will make it for you.White table cloths, great wine list ,friendly staff and the best of Italian dishes.Not to be missed!
5	Amazing place, this place is a treat for me. Food is so good i have no comparison. Pietro the owner always there to see that your experience is the best in town.
4	Wood paneling, a great (though expensive wine list), and a Goodfellas feel to this hidden gem that has been in business for 35 years.An above average selection of pasta standards including squid ink fettuccine, and pesto made with basil so fresh it took on a different flavor.  The beer selection is poor, however the above average wine list made up for it.Many varieties of scalopini, soups and fresh seafood, makes this more than just a pasta joint.Service is friendly and professional.  I will be back.
4	I have eaten many times at this restaurant located just down the street from the Bell Center.   Not sure why, but lunch times there is always lots of place, no real reservations required.  The table d'hote is always fantastic, from the fish to the pasta.   The deserts are awesome and the small bite size portion is a great way to finish off a meal.
5	We had a friend recommend this place and Il Campari Centro really delivered. We are in town for the Rock n Roll Montreal Half Marathon and wanted to have an upscale Italian dinner. The room was tastefully decorated with good lighting and sound for casual conversation. We had the grilled salmon, the pasta trio and a simple spaghetti plate - all excellent. Our waiter Carl was extremely attentive and I think we may have convinced him to run the race next year. The tiramisu was a good dessert to split. Light and a good compliment with the home made Italian cookies. I'd highly recommend this place!
5	It has been a while since I have been to a classic upscale Italian restaurant.  I went here for my father's 65th birthday on the advice of my cousin and it was a memorable experience.   Il Campari is a classic restaurant in many ways.  First the wood panneling and classic decor makes you feel like you are at a place that is a product of a bygone era.  The second is the professional waiters.   These are people who have done this for a while and know exactly the proper way to treat the people they are waiting on.  Our waiter was a gentleman in his mid 40's and he was a combination of waiter, host, and maitre D.  It has been a while since I had service that good.In terms of food, everything was amazing.  For an appetizer I had a combination of fresh vegetables and homemade Italian sausage which was really tasty while my father said that the soup he had was some of the best minestrone he has had.  My main was their seafood and mushroom risotto, it was fantastic.  A bowl full of shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari, and other seafood along with wild mushrooms and an incredible sauce.  My mother had lamb that she said was excellent while my dad really enjoyed his pork shank.   I didn't have a desert but my folks had a chocolate mousse that they absolutely loved.  For drink they have an excellent (but expensive) wine list.  We had a bottle of Italian Cabernet Sauvignon that was very nice, but I struggled to appreciate it being $70.00 good.  I guess that is going price at upscale restaurants like this so you take it in stride.   It will probably be a while before I go back due to a) the price, I can't justify going to a place that fancy all the time and b) geography, I live in Ottawa.  But if you either have some money or are looking for a restaurant to go on special occasions then Il Campari would be a great choice.
5	Love this place.  Italian does not get better than this.  Great wine, wonderful food and friendly service. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great Italian Resto in Montreal.
1	Two of our party ordered steak, which arrived cold, so it had been sitting for a while. Two people ordered fish, which reeked. My friend actually tasted the fish, which I would not do just based on the horrible smell that emanated from the fish. She said it had most certainly turned bad.  We could not imagine what chef would send out plates of fish which smelled as bad as they did.  The maitre d' came over and said it was a matter of opinion.  Our opinion is that you should not spend your hard earned money on any restaurant (especially one as expensive as this one) where they attempt to dispose of food that has gone bad by serving to their customers.
