4	There's only a couple of things that I look for when I'm going to get my nails done. I want it to be clean, quiet, efficient and be able to manage a pretty flower on my big toe. This place was convenient for me, right across from Desert Ridge and met all of those standards. I went to go get a pedicure with my daughter for my birthday, and it wasn't busy which is always a bonus. The massage chairs were all up to date, it was well lit with natural light coming through the windows instead of those unflattering fluorescent lights and our pedicure came with a back massage...not exactly a professional back massage, but it came with one none the less! Each pedicure came out to be about 25-30 dollars with tip, nothing to complain about! I would definitely go there when looking for just a low maintenance toe fixing!
4	I've been here twice for gel manicures.  They look fantastic and they last for a while.... in fact, the last time I went in they had a difficult time removing them since they were on there so good.  I'm a fan and will be coming back every two week for the foreseeable future.
5	Went in 11-28-10 after calling at 11:30 to see if they had an available appointment for a Mani/Pedi. They said noon. I arrived 5 minutes early and was promptly seated. My manicurist was Cindy and did a good job. She wasn't very talkative, but she started two other manicures during mine, so I think her lack of talking was  due to her being busy as they were short handed. She did nip my cuticle a bit and made me bleed, but was fast and efficient. My Pedicurist Tran was great. I upgraded to the $35 Deluxe Pedicure and she really did an outstanding job for me. My feet were horrible. Black, gross callused skin, hobbit hairy toes and gnarled clawesque toenails did not deter her from going the extra mile. My feet look like normal feet now, and I'm so happy! They look the best they have looked in like 2 years. The shop was clean, they disinfected everything as they went. It was great. I will definitely come back next time I'm in the area. I wish I lived here so this could be my regular joint. $15 manicure$35 deluxe Pedi$10 for French toes and flower with rhinestone. Excellent service, friendly staff, and clean shop? Priceless.
4	In dire need of a manicure and pedicure, and being from out of town, I called ahead to see if they accept walk ins and luckily they do.I noticed the salon was bright and airy. There was no "nail polish" or acrylic smell. It was nicely decorated without being overwhelming with decor. I did notice the red Christmas ornaments hanging from the ceiling, but it didn't deter from the over all look.Sandy immediately greeted me when I walked in. I soon found out that she was friendly and funny. Since I had remnants of shellac on my nails from a few weeks ago and she helped me remove the polish from my fingernails and toes in a matter of minutes.At first, I was going to get a pink glitter color for my nail polish but then opted for a french manicure instead. Sandy was quick with the polish, but the results looked good. Solomon did my pedicure and the shellac nail polish.Shellac pedicure: $45Shellac french manicure: $30If I'm in the area again, I would definitely stop by again for a manicure / pedicure.
5	Solomon and the girls were the best!  The Salon was airy and clean and everyone was very friendly.  The pedicure was awesome and the shellac french on my toes was perfect!  I will definately be back!Thank you, Patrick!
5	I went to All About Nails during a visit to Phoenix.  What a great place they double teamed me for a mani/pedi when I walked in less than an hour before closing.  Soloman was fantastic, very friendly and chatty.  The place was spotless and because I was the last customer I could watch as they prepared to close for the night, everything was scrubbed.  Probably not the cheapest but worth every penny!
1	Won't go back EVER. After two year of going to this place I have had enough.Horrible customer service. Rude Rude Rude.....
2	After going to this salon after they first opened years back I have stopped going after 5 plus years of loyal service. Its not because they have become busy that I have stopped going. Its because the owners have become very rude. They think they are being funny - however they are more rude to their customers. I have started gong to another salon off Cave Creek that appreciates my business and the nail techs don't sit on their cell phones while I get my service done.
1	Don't go here!My wife and I bought gift certificates for our mothers to go here as a thank you gift for setting up our wedding shower. Unfortunately they were very busy after the wedding working to pay for everything so they couldn't make it to the spa before the gift certificates expired after six months. I realize this is a long time, but the spa still accepted our money, so they should return a service. The moms finally tried to set up an appointment and called to see if they would still honor the gift certificates even though they had expired, knowing they would probably be spending additional money on things beyond what was covered by the $15.Apparently the spa decided they were going to keep our money and not return a service and just said "sorry, those are expired". So, I can't even review their services because they chose the path of greed over friendly service.
1	Visiting the area and needed a pedicure so I chose this place based on reviews.  Maybe the women nail techs are good but my guy was terrible!.  Was not impressed with my pedicure at all! First the water was too cold.  Lukewarm at best.  Finally got him to drain and rerun water so he turned it in full hot and damn near scalded my skin.  Then instead of trimming my nails he cut them too short!  He was too rough with the so called foot massage and I had to ask him to remove the excess polish. They have no driers to assist in a speedy drying so I had to wait to dry before I could walk out.  Never again!
4	Went to get a gel mani and medi last thursday with a girlfriend and loved it! Soloman was wonderful and I was very happy with the service. I will definitely return!
5	Was in town for the weekend and in dire need of a pedicure.  Didn't have an appointment, but didn't have to wait for service though there was a steady stream of customers.  The salon is bright and very clean, and all of the staff were very friendly. Good selection of OPI & Essie polishes.  $25 bought me a relaxing pedicure. Very satisfied!
2	I was a consistent customer for several years and routinely went to Patrick for my pink-and-white nails and the occasional pedicure.  Always received 5-star service and some good-natured bantering.  But rather abruptly, on my last visit with Patrick in January, I was told that "Mark" would take good care of me in Patrick's/Sandy's absence (I thought they were just going on an extended vacation).  Upon my next visit in February, I found out that the store has new owners and is under new management (Mark).  Seemingly Patrick is no longer in the picture (or his good-natured wife Sandy) but I could not get a direct answer on this.  If so, it is definitely All About Nails' loss.What's worse, the recently-remodeled place has been mostly gutted (of the nice, convenient nail desks and comfy chairs) and now there are smaller, used desks AND non-rolling, rather uncomfortable chairs with no armrests.  I only hope this is a temporary change.  When asked, my nail tech suggested the original equipment may have gone to another nail store.  There were only a few familiar faces amongst the technicians present, and the place was mostly empty during my appointment . . . a definite change from my observation over the last few years.  I received an OK fill service during my appointment , but not up to the quality I always received from Patrick.  All said, perhaps the word is out that many changes have occurred at All About Nails, none of which are for the better.I will update this post after my next (and perhaps last) visit to this establishment.
1	I have been coming here for quite sometime and since the change in management the prices have gone up for a less than mediocre pedicure. I was hounded to upgrade my pedicure, which I did not. I was told I needed the callus remover and when I declined, I felt like the rest of the pedi went down hill. The cuticle clipping was uncomfortable to say the least! Prior to painting my toes, no separators were used so while drying a few toes naturally smudged, and my nail tech  was annoyed and rolled her eyes at having to fix. The place looks nicer but in this case I did not get what I paid for. I would not recommend this place if you are even looking for a quick easy pedi!
1	New ownership is awful.  The comfy chairs are gone and the nail stations are so small and very outdated and used.  Miss Patrick and Sandy and all of the crew.  The prices are higher and the new owner does not have a personality.  I heard it is the same owners of the nail salon next to Starbucks that we all hated.  I think the new stations also went there.  The nail tech did not even use sterilized tools on my nails.  This is an awful change!!!  I have been going here for 3 years.
1	Went to this place for the final time today.  The new owner Mark told me I would accept whatever nail tech he assigned to me.  Now that is good customer service.  The chairs are awful, old equipment and the new owner is not very nice to his staff.  My pedicure was uneventful and my toe nails were not cut or shaped.  Totally bad experience.  What a shame!  Tips have to be paid in cash now.
1	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! I have just relocated to the Desert Ridge area so in need of a new nail salon, I looked at Yelp for a good place. Went there this morning with my mom for her Mother's Day gift and could not be MORE DISAPPOINTED. The service was subpar - the technicians did not say one word to us and quickly applied our polish. You could tell that they were GOSSIPING about each client that walked through the door. Totally and completely unprofessional. Not to mention, they left us sitting in the chairs with wet towels under our feet, did not thank us for coming in, did not help us slip our shoes on and did not let us use the dryer in the back. Will never ever ever return here!!!!!
1	This place needs to be inspected by the board of cosmetology!!! It looked clean and new but when a place that big had not even one customer on a Friday afternoon... There is a pretty good chance it's a chop shop. The older man that did my pedi started laughing at me after burning me  with the callas remover. I had to go on vacation the whole weekend with band aids all over my feet. WARNING!!my feet were cracked, painful, and downright ugly after this nightmare!! I wouldn't recommend sending anyone here even if they were my worst enemy!!!!!
1	I have written a couple of reviews for the new owner.  He is not professional and has taken all of the great stations and replaced with seconds.  Staff is not the same and this place does not even clean instruments.I will not be back.  I will keep writing reviews as mine keep disappearing from this site!I can see my reviews but they are not posted.
4	I thought this place was great.  I am super picky about my nails and even though it has bad reviews I decided to try because of convenience to my office.  Soloman did a great job and said if I messed them up or one broke come back and he would fix for free.  They were super friendly!
1	Sadly, I think today was my last visit. They charged me for the more expensive pedicure without asking, didn't tell me it was $5 extra for the french tips, skimped on the massage/scrub portion of the treatment, STILL don't allow you to tip on credit cards which means I have to go back to tip my gal, drew blood clipping my cuticles, and just overall did a mediocre job. I was in there from noon to 1:00 on a SATURDAY and was literally the only client. The only client. I've never been in a nail salon during that time slot that wasn't packed. Listen up, management - change things ASAP or you're going to lose your business. Which is sad, because you used to be my favorite spot.
