3	This shop was reccomended to me by the insurance company handling the claim.  They did a good job, and repairs seem to be complete and done nicely.I would probably go back to them again if I needed collision repairs.
2	I would not recommend them here is why:1. My lease G35 was backed into by a truck thus needed a new front bumper...They did not leave a note and left a tow hitch hole in the front bumper!  My insurance said this is the place so I used them, got my loaner car there, fast and convenient.  here is the problem, had to take the car back after the repairs, quality control???  Paint on the headlights and grill.  Not real detail oriented and I did not notice till after washing the car a few days later. 2.  My coupe G35 gets rear ended in the carpool lane on the I10 me and 2 other cars great..... Anyways needs new rear bumper and out of convenience I tried them again.....Paint was good, new rear bumper, but had to take it back..... They forgot to plug in the license plate bulbs, don't worry I was lucky enough to get pulled over and notified that way 2 days after I got the car back from them.  Again quality control, final inspection must not be here??  If you really care about your car and want a detail oriented auto body shop to work on your car steer clear of here.  Hope that helps anyone considering repairs here.
5	They're good, professional, got me a rental car, fixed my car and did everything they said they would do. Great place to go to when you want a body shop to take care of everything for you. I already have a second car here to have them fix as well.
4	A Geico customer hit our car and was responsible.  Geico sent us to Larry Miller in Glendale. (I really wanted to go to Moore in Glendale)    I was told by Geico to call and get an appointment time.  I was amazed at the fine  reception.  Upon arrival, a Geico man met me and checked the damage.  All of 10 minutes and one cup of comp coffee.  He sent me over to the on-site Enterprise and Geico, as promised, took care of my rental car (However, Enterprise was slow as hell in having the promised car available - couldn't even find the Geico request????).So this is 4 stars for Geico and Miller!My only complaint - the repair took 10 working days - most of which was waiting for parts.  My car was very driveable.  So why did I have to leave my own car and drive the very poor Enterprise Car?BTW, 2 stars for the Enterprise portion!
1	This shop was also recommended to me by the insurance company handling the claim, USAA. I checked them out as well and was comfortable having them do the repairs - I thought wrong. When I dropped off our 2014 Subaru to be repaired from a rear collision, the initial repair time was 15 days. I was called after 10 days that repairs were complete - this was my first red flag. I inspected the car after they said the repairs were complete and noted an entire page of things wrong ranging from missing parts, parts that are still damaged, incorrect parts, mismatched paint, misaligned panels and dirty interior. Now I am very picky and I didn't expect not to find anything, but what I found was completely ridiculous! They did offer to correct my concerns and off I went leaving the car with them. I returned to the shop two more times over 5 Weeks to have them correct more issues with the car - totaling 42 days total they had my car for a 15 day original duration! After I finally did take the car home, I noticed overspray over the entire car. After all this I didn't want these people touching my car again so I took care of the overspray myself. This shop has a lack of quality control as well as experienced technicians. They cut corners to get you in and out quick - a model example of why you should steer clear of DRP repair shops! If you do choose this shop for your repairs, be extremely picky and look everything over closely, and question everything because they will lie to you as well.
