5	This place is AMAZING!  I always take my family and friends here when they visit.  The shaved ice is really soft and fluffy and is even better with cream.  There are somewhere around 50 flavors to try, so you won't ever get bored.  They have a drive thru that's open pretty late so you can come here for a midnight snack whenever you want.  The staff is friendly and courteous and they all seem to be happy to work there.
4	Mmmmmm...just thinking about this place makes my mouth water! I always get the shaved ice here, so that's what I'll review. First of all, a shaved ice is a great treat to have when you're watching your weight...225 calories (add 75 for tropic creme) for a small one & it hits the spot! The small isn't really small either...it's a tiny mountain of fluffy, frozen, sugary goodness. I like that if you want something smaller a "baby" size is available :) (169 calories). They also have sugar-free options. Lots of flavors to choose from...I love to get 2 flavors side-by-side, usually pineapple & coconut. This location, unlike others I've been to, has a drive-thru which is nice, but if there are cars ahead of you be prepared to wait awhile. I believe they close at 10:30 pm. The only drawback (like another poster mentioned) is it's in a pretty ghetto area.
5	This place is seriously de-friggen-licious!!  My old roomie, a native of Mesa, took me here and I dream about coming here whenever it's hot (and that's most of the time if you're in the Phoenix-Scottsdale-Tempe-Mesa area).Their shaved ice is super soft and fluffy.  They have a bagillion flavors and their cream is awesome!  You have to get it!  It is another 45 cents, I think, but don't think twice!  I noticed some people said this was a dodgy location, but maybe I'm from the 'hood or something, cuz this place was NOT iffy at all!  If anything it is a little dim-lit at night, but really no big deal.I wish I still lived in AZ just so I could enjoy Bahama Bucks on the daily!
4	I never heard of Bahama Bucks until my two friends keep stating how good it was and kept nagging me to go.  I thought the idea was stupid, at the time it seem like a snow cone, boy was I wrong!  It is fine shaved ice. It is a refreshing dessert and I oh so enjoying eating it!! This is the only location I has visited and never had any problems. I am a big fan of the Candy Corn with cream, YUM!In reguards to the area, please it is not that bad. It's in a typical Mesa strip mall.
5	My husband and I had their smoothie for the first time yesterday, and it sure is yummy! As soon as I tried it, I started calling friends/famz to try it out . Staff was friendly and the inside was so comfy..Definately going back again.
5	I've been wanting a sugar-free/calorie-free Hawaiian-shaved ice for a long time now, and I've finally found a great place that has them, and they offer a wide selection of diet flavors at that. For those of you that aren't a fan of sugar-free products/sugar substitutes, they have an even wider selection of regular flavors. Seriously the amount and variety of flavors that they carry amazes me. They can also drizzle your shaved ice with cream if you're craving a little novelty.I came here with some friends and got a sugar-free red raspberry & pina colada shaved ice and it was amazing. I'm so coming here now as a better and healthier alternative to ice cream when I'm craving a frozen treat. Bahama Buck's has won my heart.
5	Way back when (and I mean waaaay back) I used to go to Bahama Bucks A LOT with my dad and sister when they had a location on Mill Ave. After that location closed (or moved) BB just kind of fell off our radar. We knew they had opened other locations, but they were further away and we just kind of moved on. Recently my dad had heard about this location and he goes here quite a bit now with my mom and sister. Over the past six months or so he has been in and out of the hospital quite a bit (he's now on the up & up) and a lot of what he's been through has affected his taste buds and ability to swallow (for now...things are getting back to normal), so this this place has been a godsend for him. When I was in town for the Christmas holiday we came here twice, and it was as good as I remembered. This is not just any kind of shaved ice. It's very fine (no big chunks of ice) so you can really taste whatever flavor(s) you get and it doesn't taste real "icy." Speaking of flavors, this place has a TON (I'm guessing close to 100), with everything from your basic fruit flavors to wedding cake and sun devil (ask them to describe it).  In addition, several flavors are sugar-free.  They also have smoothies, and although I've never tried one they look and sound delicious! Yeah, the place is located in strip mall (I honestly don't know this area very well. However, you can tell it's not quite Scottsdale, but it's not south Phoenix either), but the actual place itself is nice with plenty of seating. There is drive-thru and they also do punch cards (buy so many get one free). Despite the fact this place isn't real close to my parents house and there are plenty of places that have icees or some kind of variation of shaved ice in the Phoenix area I would make the extra effort to come to Bahama Bucks because it really is THAT good!
4	Don't waste your time at the trendy yogurt shops. Go old school. Support the little guys. Any flavor is good, just make sure to ask for bahama rama mama.
4	Large selection of sugar free flavors and even larger selection of regular flavors! Their sugar-free is also flavored with stevia which I prefer over aspartame and other sweeteners. The portions are HUGE and the ice is perfect! Fine and powdery, just like eating real snow. They get 4 stars because of the time I got a side by side sugar free banana and sugar free toasted coconut, and my banana was definitely not sugar free. I was on a strict diet at the time and could not have ANY sugar. I called and the manager I spoke with basically told me I was wrong and that it was sugar free. He didn't offer to compensate me, offer me a free treat, or even a free punch on my card. I will continue to patronize them because that is the only issue I've ever had, but I can't forget it.
4	I hadn't been here since I was a kid....but it is just as good now as it was then... if not better! I got a baby size coconut and strawberry daquri with cream and it was ridiculous! That was the biggest baby I've ever seen. It was a tower of ice and cream! I loved the way they put cream on the outside of the ice and layered so you can get some in every bite. Also, the ice is shaved so fine that it has a great texture. I will for sure be back (sorry thighs).....mmmmmm
5	This place is soooo good.  Nice sour flavors (and others too)  the ice is very very finely shredded, and they really pile on the ice and the flavors.    Customer service is top notch too.  I had a sour cherry with cream in it, and it was absolutely devine.  I would and will go back here in a heartbeat.
5	I'll tell you what I've been to 3 Bahamas buck locations. The Mesa drive and southern is the best. Dont know how they get the shaved ice so soft but it's always on point.  I don't ever do anything larger than a baby size. I mix my flavors up quite a bit. But always do cream.
4	My kids love this place but they only get 4 stars because they don't have one in Scottsdale, yet (hopefully).    Lots of different flavors and prices that won't hurt your wallet.  This is an inexpensive treat the whole family will enjoy.
5	Yummy shaved ice! It's nice and soft just like in HI. Lots of flavors. My favorite is the white coconut. I believe it's one of the sugar free flavors, too. I can never finish anything bigger than the baby size. Price is very reasonable. $2 something for the baby size which is like a 12 oz, I believe. They stay open late, til like 11pm & they have a drive thru also. Super convienent. I have a feeling Bahama Bucks and I are going to be great friends this summer. Especially since I now work in Mesa :)
5	So many flavors and the ice is melt in your mouth soft. Add cream to make it a little better than a normal icey treat! Lots of sugar free flavors too! Mmm!
5	So I used to go to Bahama Buck's in high school in North Scottsdale until it magically vanished! Out of business? Who knows why this busy bad ass little spot stopped serving Shaved Ice and Smoothies to the teenage masses. It wasn't until today (about 13 years later) that I realized there was another one! Hooray!
5	Awesome.  What a great treat.Just wish there was one closer.  But I will make the drive to the location on Mesa Drive.
3	I had a serious craving for Bahama Bucks and knew there was a location closer to me than the one out on Power Rd so I had to check it out. I'm never in this immediate area and there is a lot of road construction going on. It was still relatively easy to get to. First impression...why are all the people behind the counter just staring at me and why does it smell like pee in here? Gross.Ordered some shaved ice. Dreamcicle for me. Cherry and Cream Soda for the kids. Mine didn't have a whole lot of flavor but was still alright. Kids loved theirs of course.This locations has a drive thru and that was pretty amusing. It doesn't move too quickly, but neither do the kids working inside so that makes sense.I would rather go the location on Power, but I'm sure I will return to this one. I see there is one in Tempe as well. Maybe I will check that one out to see if it's any better.
3	I always want to call this place banana bucks. I got the peach and blue raspberry shaved ice and it was okay. Not a big fan of this kind of shaved ice but everyone raved so I had to try it. The best shaved ice is made in Asia, its not syrup based, and won't turn your teeth blue. Rumor has it that the closest place worth going to is called fluff ice in CA.
5	I went there for the first time about 2 weeks ago. I had the blueberry cheesecake with cream and it was the bomb. Love this place!
5	WHAT IN THE WORLD DID I JUST EAT?Also, why have I not eaten this before?  Our little one was so patient for 2+ hours in the MVD, so we came here to get him a treat (based on previous Yelp reviews).  The intention was: pop in, get the kid something cool and sugary, slip out.  Seeing the menu, the restaurant, and speaking to the staff, my wife and I knew that we had to try this treat out, as well.First, any staff that goes out of their way to recommend samples and offer alternatives is okay in my book.  After an intense interrogation of the poor cashier, we ordered a Snickerdoodle on ice cream, a Birthday Cake, and a creamy Strawberry/Banana for the midget.  Anyone that has tried their shaved ice knows that they absolutely blew us away.Now, I've eaten many snow cones while out on the beach during summer vacations, etc. but those were distinctly crushed ice + flavored liquid and the inconsistent ratio between the top tip of pure ice and the bottom puddle of syrup was just something I had learned to be an inherent part of the shaved ice experience.  BOY, was I wrong!The "Sno" from Bahama Buck's is incredibly fine, and the flavoring is spot-on.  I truly don't have words to describe the consistency and taste of that incredible, mountainous cup of goodness.  I turned to my wife and said, "this is where we are bringing every person that visits us."  That good.
5	Best around!
5	This is the best place! Out of all of the east valley locations this one is the best. They typically have flavors that the other locations don't. Polar berry and strawberry or lime is divine. If you ask for your snow to go they put it in a larger cup so it doesn't melt in the car. There is a loyalty card -10 punch gets one free and there is opportunity for double and triple punches if it's cold out. Closed on Sundays is the only negative.
4	Amazing stuff! I do wish that the staff was a bit friendlier though if not I would've given it 5 stars
5	This is the first Bahama Bucks to ever launch in Arizona and I have been coming here since I was a kid. This place is by far one of my favorite places to get shaved ice. They've opened up some other locations but as long as I've been coming here this location ALWAYS seems to be on top of there game and make the best stuff. There hasn't been one person that I've introduced this place too that hasn't fallen in love with it. I would recommend this place too anybody with a sweet tooth. Hopefully they open one up on the west side out in Glendale. I can say they would get ALOT of business out here that's for sure.
5	Never a let down at Bahama Bucks, Strawberry Coloda w/ Creme Bahama Mama style, my all time favorite. But there are so many flavors and flavor combinations, I probably couldn't have all of them in one life time. Love this place, don't like that it's closed on Sunday's, but I understand.
5	Shaved ice is so soft and delicious! I always get strawberry daiquiri with cream. They give you a generous portion so even a baby size is a lot. Don't forget your punch card!
5	Best shaved ice in town. I've been coming here for years, wish there was more around! Wedding cake is my favorite flavor with cream and I like to mix the flavors root beer float is great. Go with a classic banana and eat yellow snow!
5	This isn't your average shaved ice place. It is AMAZING. My favorite summer treat and it makes great leftovers too! There's so many flavor options and you're always met with friendly staff. They even have options for people who are sugar free which is great. The ice is shaved super finely, unlike anywhere else. It's kind of like eating flavored freshly fallen snow. It can be enjoyed any time of the year, but it is particularly good after a day in the heat. I recommend wedding cake Bahama Rama mama with creme!
5	The best shaved ice in town! I drive from down town Phoenix to mesa just for their shaved ice (sometimes a smoothie) I've never had a better shaved ice in my life. The flavors are full and drench the ice.  Every bite is perfect combination between ice and flavor and just melts in your mouth.  Its great year round but nothing better than this on a hot summer day. Their smoothies are delicious also! I personally love the bahama colada smoothies.
5	Love Bahama Bucks, best shaved ice (super smooth kind) and you don't have to stand outside to eat it!  Bahama Rama Mama is the best.  Everyone loves the cute umbrellas and color changing spoons.  Locations are expanding, love it!
4	The BEST Treats in Arizona! Stop by, and to try the CoCoNuT Smoothie! It's my Favorite...SOOOO Good! THANK YOU Ryan!!!
