4	I ate here nearly every morning I was in town because the food is good, the staff friendly, the atmosphere perfect, and the bill was reasonable. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
4	Old fashioned kind of place.  Which means, reasonable prices, good service, tasty food in good quantities.  I've only eaten breakfast here many times, and then was only hungry for a late light dinner.
2	When headed east to climb on the weekends, we usually default to the excellent Farmhouse in Gilbert for breakfast. Thanks to a new fangled Blackberry, I tracked down a different option on Yelp and we ended up at the Feedbag in the heart of AJ. The Feedbag lived up to its affordable raves, but as a breakfast snob it hardly cuts the mustard. It was like going to a local version of Denny's. Huge, old and bland.We waited 20 minutes for a table - Ok. It was Sunday morning. But then it was another 20 minutes to get our food after we ordered. It's only scrambled eggs and potatoes!The waitress described the homefries with cheese special as more of a potatoes au gratin with layers of potatoes, cheese, peppers and onions. I was really keen on cheesy potatoes. What I got was homefries with like one ounce of cheese on top. They were OK, but really not the au gratin goodness I was hoping for.We had hoped to carb up before a day of climbing, but the portions were small. I guess that's why they're so affordable. Next time, we'll stick with the Farm.
3	As promised, I came back while in town. Wasn't quite as good as I remembered. I heard it's under new management so I don't know if that has anything to do with it. Still a good deal though.Visited: 11/20/09
3	Solid food, no frills.  Service was good.  I had some bbq that was okay, but rather uninspired.  Nothing really stands out here other than the kitsch that spans the whole place.  It's very miner themed.  Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against kitsch.  Nothing was bad, but I wasn't wowed by anything either.
2	We've been dining here for several years and will probably continue to do so because MIL likes it.  Been almost a year since last visit and although the menu is the same the quality is not.  The food was so very bland.  I don't know how one gets breakfast to have no taste.  Had to downgrade this place to 2 stars.
3	I camped out at the Lost Dutchman State Park, but it was raining in the morning, and I was hungry. So I got on yelp to see what I could find nearby. I liked the name of this place, so I packed up camp and headed on over. I had the green chili and cheese omelet with homefries and wheat toast. The omelet was super fabulous, but the home fries had more to do with frozen diced potatoes than home, and the "toast" was barely toasted. The service was great though - the waitress was very attentive. I'll go back, but probably not for the homefries.
2	We ventured to Feedbag tonight and were not impressed with the food. The service was very good and portion sizes were nice but the instant macaroni and cheese and instant mashed potatoes left us disappointed.
2	Like many of the other reviews have recently noted: BLAND and SMALL PORTIONS!!!This place was once known for it's good portions of tasty food but lately... no more!!! I had a chicken breast salad that cost $8 and it was no larger than a decent sized side salad elsewhere. The meager portion of cubed chicken was mostly flavorless and the amount was laughable. The bleu-cheese dressing was thin and so bland that it could have well passed for watered-down cottage cheese. My roomy's fried chicken dinner was a bit better as far as the chicken's flavor, however the quantity was pretty sad as well. The drumstick reminded me of a Long John Silver's "peg-leg". She said the mashed-potatoes were straight from a box and the light gravy was utterly devoid of any flavor. When asked, the server did bring her some brown gravy that was somewhat better. Our meal was rounded-out by two absolutely forgettable slices of clearly previously-frozen industrial quality blueberry pie that the server swore was "homemade".Is summary..... Our meals were reminiscent of a school cafeteria's offerings. We might try it again in several months to see if the quantity and quality improves but I sure can't recommend this place for now.
2	Tired. Staff and food.
3	an old favorite. love to come here, not necessarily for the food which is ok, but it is a great place to hang out and enjoy your meal with friends. the staff always smiles.
4	It's not a fancy place but the price was right and the food was quite good. I had the homemade chicken pot pie and I really liked it.
4	Nothing fancy, but it is good local food and friendly service. Went here for breakfast and got the huevos rancheros with the hash browns. The green chile sauce was pretty tasty. Price was not too bad either.
3	I like the fried chicken here.  Not so much other dinner items.  Breakfasts are probably stronger here regarding flavor.  I noticed you can get the Monte Cristo sandwich here, but it's not something I've tried----that should give you some idea of the kind of place it is.  (Only diners serve Monte Cristos, right?)  Service is adequate, not great.  The booths are comfortable and the place is clean....
