3	Visited the Consol Energy Center location during the recent NCAA men's Frozen Four.Burgatory was only serving their standard burger during the Frozen Four, as well as a couple shake options. Burger itself was fine, albeit lukewarm, since they were already made and hanging out under a heat lamp. Burger, fries and (excellent Campfire S'mores) shake was a ludicrous $27.50.Overall, I could see how this chain might contend for best burger in The 'Burgh--if your sangwich was freshly made and the price more manageable. However, I don't think you'll find that at the Consol location.
5	Ahhh...Burgatory! No matter where, no matter when....YUM! The shakes are phenomenal! I love the sweet and salty of the caramel pretzel shake and the brownie shake is brownilicious!
4	My niece had her first Burgatory shake, the triple chocolate brownie shake. She loved it! Good taste runs in the family! I had the salted caramel pretzel shake. It doesn't get any better! Awesome, as usual!
5	I had the veggie burger and fries. The fries were not that great. I mean, they were good, but just not great. I actually liked the chips more than the fries... Burger was really good, but just too big. But, I am sure that plenty of people would be happy with that. Great food, and fast service!
1	My friend just came back to the seat with his Burgatory legendary burger.  Oh wait,  it's black and burnt to a crisp. So my friend goes back to return this lump of coal and instead of apologizing, the manager says the owner is here and he says that's the way they always cook them, well done!  Seriously disappointed, normally their burgers are decent and their fries as well, but a serious lack of brand consistency and apparently a policy of burning burgers until they are physically inedible, will stop me and my friends from eating there ever again!! I wish I took a picture of it!
2	I heard great things about these burgers so when I went to a Pens game I gave it a shot. Way overrated & overpriced. I've had better burgers at my house. Don't see the big deal.
