5	I am a happy patient of Dr. Lemone. He is very attentive and put you at ease as soon as you meet him,  just like everyone else I have met at his office. Even the office decor helps with calming your nerves. At first look, you would think you are at a spa. It is comfortable and it does not smell like it usual does in most dental offices.They are accommodating. Best of all, Dr. Lemone will not try to hard sell a multitude of treatments as I've experienced with previous dentists. I left the office with a timeline of what needed done asap as well as what should be done within the next two years. I cannot think of a bad thing to say about this practice.
1	I rated Dr. LeMone "worst" because I went through a series of events while under his care that truly turned my life upside down.  Dr. LeMone performed bridge replacement work on me.  Once the permanent bridge (which I wish he never replaced), I had to wear a poorly treated (meaning he never cleaned under the bridge causing sever decay) and placed me in an ill-fitted temporary bridge for almost a year.  The ill-fitted temporary in my mouth was way too large and misshapen preventing my back teeth from closing together.  Because of this, my bite was off and I could not chew or close my mouth with any comfort while I went through a bone graft surgery, via his referral to his friend who was a periodontist.  My jaw and front top and bottom teeth became sore and painful from the high impact of them slamming into each other and eventually they became abscessed.  The temporary bridge constantly got nudged off at the worst times (embarrassing beyond words) and it would be placed back on crooked, which ached my teeth all the more.  I knew the difference between it being placed on correct or not but he didn't believe me.  It wasn't until another dentist finally intervened and I could close my mouth with comfort for the first time, but by then, the damage was done.  Not enough words can describe the details of events that I had to endure.  As result, I have permanent tooth structure damage on top and bottom and never ending pain.  Not to mention the mental and physical anguish during and after treatment as my work and social life suffered. The financial devastation to try and repair damaged teeth and future treatment have no end in sight.  As a dental patient, you expect a professional dentist to ethically only recommend treating teeth that needed treatment, and if problems developed or where apparent, the patient should be told, and on top of that, they deserve their teeth to be treated with care and not put through unnecessary torment and unbearable strain.   Please learn from my crushing experience and do your research.  Seek to have any major dental bridgework done by prosthodontist and dentist who specializes in oral health care, and seriously look at a dentist's past cases before you do anything they recommend.  I would never ever wish this dentist or experience on my worst enemy.
5	Dr. Lemone is great. His office is hard to find- so what the heck, but once you get there, you will be very happy. One of my young sons went there with tooth pain and well, he's my boy, but he's a bit of a cryer. My wife took him in last week and next thing I know he had a baby root canal and didn't complain. I asked him about it and he was all stoked about his fake temporary tooth (Good job doc selling it to him to not be worried about it!) and my boy told me all about the procedure- and this from a kid who used to hide in the closet worried about doctors. Dr. Lemone- you have my vote. Great vibe at your place, thanks! I wanna tell everyone about how you do it!
5	Dr. LeMone has been my dentist for years and has always done a great job with my teeth and made my visits enjoyable.  He is very accommodating and has worked on both my wife and my sister in-law on short notice when they needed help.  I highly recommend him to anyone in need of a dentist.
5	Dr. Lemone's office is beautiful, clean, and state of the art. My appointment was right on time, and I did not have to wait. I can't tell you how many dentists I've been to where I've made an appointment and had to wait an hour + just to get a simple teeth cleaning. The dental hygienist was very friendly, professional, and gentle with my teeth cleaning. She was great at making conversation and giving you her undivided attention. Dr. Lemone was also very friendly and straight forward. I do have to go back and get a crown, but he didn't try to sell me on anything I didn't need or make the situation sound more urgent than it actually is. Overall, I had a great experience here. It was a relief to finally fine a nice calm atmosphere in which to get my teeth treated. Great place to go for those of you that have a fear of dentists.
4	I like that the appointments run on time, the staff is nice, and they take the time to explain things to me regarding my health and to my teenager regarding his health.
