4	I can't believe that you're not in California either - we need you out here, too - especially here in Venice where there are NO good sandwich spots (other than Bay Cities - which is too far for a one hour lunch break & Subway - only when desperate.)I've been to Paradise twice (during my two visits to AZ) and I LOVE this place.  For a reasonable price, you get solid food - quality sandwiches made with fresh bread and an excellent chicken caesar (with just the right amount of dressing, HEARTY pieces of grilled chicken and the tastiest croutons around). And each order comes with a chocolate chip cookie.  In the words of Rachael Ray, "How awesome is that?"
3	Stand-alone versus in a strip mall. This is important information to know when going to Paradise Bakery. If it's in a strip mall or in a mall the menu is very limited. If you go to one that is stand alone, you get a more extensive menu and if you're good you can even order chocolate, banana, nutella french toast! Stand alone locations also offer free WiFi.
2	I try to never eat here.  The food is bland and overpriced.
2	Housed in the Chandler Mall, this one just doesn't cut it like the stand alone ones. I've found the cookies to be inconsistent in terms of texture and flavor - some days it's good, others I just wonder if they went a wee bit too happy on the sugar.Sandwiches are ok, but I find there is always something distinctly lacking in their flavor. I just can't put my finger on it.While this is not my favorite location, when I want a sugar cookie or a chocolate chip cookie fix, this one sure beat Mrs. Fields.Upon reading other reviews, I could've sworn I've seen Paradise Bakery in California - southern california.
2	Very bland food here. Very little meat in the sandwiches and to much bread! If you want spice/seasonings this is not your place. If you like very basic/american foods...this is your place. Tomato soup is good and the cookies as well. But this place is very overrated. Everyone I know loves this place and I just don't get it. Very expensive as well when you can go home and make a sandwich for a few cents :P
