5	After forty five years living in Las Vegas my wife and I recently relocated to Salt Lake City, UT and when we were considering the move one of the things that crossed my mind was, "I am going to have to find a new insurance agent."Now if finding a new insurance agent does not seem like a big deal to you, then you are not doing business with Mike Whitford!!Over the last four years Mike Whitford was my insurance agent and I could make a TV commercial based on my experience dealing with Mike and his team.At one point my wife and I and our three children had five cars insured with Mike and everything that Mike did for us was professional, no better than that, it was like dealing with a friend.Every questions, answered! Every need, addressed! Every phone call, answered! Every e-mail, answered!One of my daughters was involved in an accident and we made one phone call to Mike, done, everything handled!!!!If you need insurance, of any kind, call Mike Whitford ................................. you can thank me later.
5	Marcela has been my go-to for all of my insurance needs, from Auto, Renters, and Home insurance for the past 4 years while I lived in Las Vegas.  I wish that I could have stayed with her at this location but an out of state move required me to pick up at a new office.  I would without a doubt, come back to her if I were ever to come back to LV.  She has always been prompt and courteous in returning phone calls with quotes and has always looked out for my best interests.  I did 99% of my business with her over the phone, but she always made me feel like I made weekly visits in her office just to say hi.  She pays attention to detail and I was never worried something might not get done.  Highly recommended and be sure to ask for Marcella!!
5	I have referred many people to Mike Whitford and every one has later thanked me. He and his staff have an expansive knowledge of insurance and how to guide customers to the best product to meet individual needs. You can call his office and know you will be well taken care of. I will continue to send people his way and I am thankful he is here in Las Vegas.
5	My experience with this office was amazing!!! Karissa just recently contacted me about my insurance (which to be honest i wasnt even looking at the time) and was able to get me a great deal. She really explained what coverages i had and recommended some changes for my benefit (which Geico had never done for me). If your ever looking for an agent to take care of your needs and make you feel confident call this office and ask for Karissa!!!! Once i get my finances in order ill get life insurance with her too ;) Very proffessional and great customer service. I am definately sending my friends and family their way!!
5	I had a great experience with mikes office. They are very fast and efficent at what they do. If looking for an office that knows what they are doing and doesnt give the run around these are your people. Dana was real friendly and understood my frustration with Liberty Mutual and really helped me. Very great office.
