5	Bruntsfield is really becoming a bit of a boom area for cafes and I, for one, am not complaining! This little French boulangerie has recently opened and is a little gem. It is immaculately presented. Small, but comfortable and inviting. Squeeze yourself into one of the tiny six or seven tables available and enjoy some old-fashioned table service. Yes! Table service - something very rare at local cafes! Since it was mid-morning, we did not order any of the delicious-sounding, freshly-made quiches, filled sandwiches or soup. Instead, we ordered a half-baguette with butter and black currant jam. We could have ordered gorgeous-looking croissants, or pain au chocolat. Our order was served in a gorgeous little basket with a grey-slate serving plate. A lot of thought went into its presentation. The bread was fresh and delicious and made in-house. When there was a mix-up with my espresso order, it was re-made very obligingly. Which brings me to the service - very obliging and friendly. I wholeheartedly recommend this little boulangerie. I certainly will be returning!
5	This place deserves more appreciation, Brunstfield is an area of Edinburgh blessed with cute boutiques and continental style cafes. La Barantine is a newcomer to Bruntsfield, and offers a rustic interior, french ambience and very good freshly baked pastries served with good coffee.The staff are very polite and friendly, as a language student at the University of Edinburgh I find it particularly pleasant to walk in here and practice my French... A wee bit pretentious one might say but really, I can't afford to miss any opportunities to speak in French. The pastry I had here was still warm from the oven, an authentic french pain au chocolat. Next time I would like to try one of their fruit tarts. They sell macaroons here too. Thoroughly recommended cafe.
5	It's gotta be a good place if your french flat mate and friends go here all the time. I went here with one of my french friends and she said she loves coming here because it makes her feel at home! Well theres a statement!True, honest, french food thats good enough for true french people! I think that takes a good cafe. Plus if that isn't enough, the staff are french as well! I recommend giving it a try. However there aren't many seats so don't always expect one in peak eating times!
5	After a rather heavy Friday night out my hangover spirit guide led me to La Barantine, a relatively new addition to the bursting Bruntsfield coffee scene. I was greeted with a smile and a confident 'bonjour', before ordering enough provisions to see me safely to the right side of lunch time. I can't remember exactly what went into my bag, but think there was a cheese and ham baguette and a cluster of cakey treats, washed down with an extra strong latte. It really was perfection. I didn't think the area could support another cafe but La Barantine is a welcome addition and and raises the bar for the others. Next time I'll return without a pocket full of alka seltzers and a slightly clearer head.
5	Sensational! Bruntsfield does it again! La Barantine serves up absolutely sensational sandwiches and their pastries, sublime. I had a pistachio macaroon and was blown away by its taste!Only very small inside so if walking past and you see a free table inside, grab it!!!!
5	Continuing my love-affair with La Barantine, yesterday I bought two eclairs here to have as after dinner Valentines treat with The Man.  After purchasing, I noticed that the filling was chocolate rather than vanilla cream/custard, and I was a bit disappointed because I prefer vanilla.... or at least I thought I did.Oh my... I think that was the best eclair I've ever had.  The eclair itself was SO light and spongy and amazing, the filling was just lightly chocolatey, and the whole pastry was gone in minutes.  It was just too good to savor.  Wow.
5	A proper authentic French bakery!Having heard of that place quite a lot from one my fellow Yelpers (also a French native), I eventually got to go last week.  We had just about 20 minutes to kill and they were about to close.  However, they were happy to serve us a teapot each, with which  we had a pain au chocolat.The staff were lovely, we had a pleasant chat (and a bit of a moan) about the price of rented flats. I feel like I'm already a regular despite having been only once...  Oh, and we bought baguettes for a barbecue later that evening, which were an absolute success with the barbecue guests!Well done La Barantine!
5	La Barantine is a fantastic authentic french cafe. Myself and my son go in all the time and the staff are really friendly and welcoming.I love the interior with all the art work of Paris every time i go in there a visit to Paris keeps shouting out to me.I highly recommend this cafe and my son recommends the Fondant au chocolat.
5	A proper authentic french boulangerie/patisserie. Everything is freshly made there on the day, from a great selection of breads, to beautiful looking pieces of patisserie.
5	Edinburgh does seem to have fallen in love with all things French and frankly im loving it.La Barantine seems to have become a weekly event for me, lunch there on a Sunday with a coffee and a paper is bliss. Their charcuterie selection served with bread is delicious. All of their products comes from Henri's I believe in terms of the pate's etc and it just makes for a great meal.Their cakes as well deserve a mention, macaroons, tartes and other delights all on offer! Friendly staff and great service round off what has to now be one of the best cafes in the city!!Vive le France!!
5	I often go in for the baguettes as they are perfect for toasting or re heated in the oven - Oh MY!  They are so good.But they have macarons, crossants, Pain au chocolat and a wide variety of patisseries of what I  do highly recommend.The coffee here is also nice too!
5	I really wanted to give this place a 3 star because the people that worked there, every time I went in, were so rude and made me feel stupid for trying to pronounce the French menu but I loved the food and continued to come in and torture myself. I lived down the street from here when I briefly lived in Scotland and was told I needed to try it by the sweetest old man (I can only hope they were nicer to him). I am not a cheese fan but I decided to try the vegetarian baguette with hard Parm like cheese with roasted tomatoes, greens and a health dose of butter. The sandwich was great! I also have tried the pastries and not one ever disappointed me. The most notable one was a banana filled tart with a petite coffee macaroon sitting a top the whole lovely thing. I would put up with a lot for this food and on my next stay in Edinburgh I will be heading back here.
5	Edinburgh, like Jurgen pointed out wonderfully, has fallen in love with everything French and, like him, I've fallen in love with the idea. This is a brilliant little bakery/coffeehouse just down from my work and in the area of Bruntsfield which does have a fairly large population of French citizens so La Barantine either done their research or landed it lucky.The coffee is nutty, not too earthy and far too easy to drink more than one of. The macarons are amazingly sweet meaning you only need one (sometimes 2) and you had happy with what you have had.Now, I don't know where La Barantine gets its baguettes from but they are absolutely delightful, far too easy to eat more than an acceptable portion of and amazing when toasted.As far as I'm aware they do get some produce from Henri's just up the road a little in Morningside but if you aren't venturing up that far, or even if you are, I'd still tell you to pop in here and experience it for yourself.The staff are friendly and speak to you in French which keeps your mind active and lets me brush up on what was already my terrible French.
5	The real deal. Best chocolate croissants in Edinburgh, hands down. Especially if you can get them fresh out of the oven. Yummmm. Also, good coffee. My friend had the charcuterie plate once and it looked delish. Seating is a bit tight, but it doesn't even matter because if you can manage to get a table you don't mind.
