5	cheap all day breakfast. greasy pit of goodness, lunch items too. this is the place to go after a night out and youve spent all your poundage. sadly, not open on the weekends. three different sizes of breakfasts and they are great with substitutions if you havent warmed up to black pudding, haggis or the bland ass tatty scones.  will also make your bacon crispy, which without ordering so, you will never get so.  if  youre extra hungover, get an irn bru to wash it down.mac and cheese is bland. some of the sammys suck. id stick with the breakfasts. cheapest in town. good place to go alone as they have every possible newspaper. there are at least three in the city- one off princess street, one by edin uni and one on the shore. they are all great. same menus. limited seating-  and  make sure to time it right, the one by edin uni has one toilet but the other two dont have any.quality
4	Snax is my fail safe hangover cure. Great for greasy breakfasts and breakfast rolls at an affordable price to banish away any affects of the night before. They make a great sausage and fried egg roll, which the thought of makes me feel ill but when you are hungover it hits every spot in the right way. Their fry up is good too, and they let you change items if you don't want to which is pretty good considering a lot of places don't let you. They offer different sizes in fry ups too so I guess varying levels of hangover will need different portions. I haven't tried anything apart from their greasy breakfasts so I can't comment, but if you are looking for a proper fry up then this is the place!
5	Snax is my deffinition of the ultimate 'Greasy Spoon' cafe - great food, local and best of all cheap.If Snax could bottle its ability to cure hangovers, it would make a fortune. I mean it, the breakfasts are unbelievable. Morning rolls stuffed with just about anything you can imagine or huge plates of fried breakfast just ready to set you up for the day. In fact, I dont think the breakfasts are just good for hangovers - generally if you cant face the idea of boring cereal and toast, Snax is your best bet.Snax isnt just about greasy breakfasts - no. They have a huge range of sandwiches/paninis/hot mains all for a couple of pounds, making it simply the best value I can think of in pretty much all of Edinburgh. The food isnt the best quality, but it is tasty, filling and you will never feel dissapointed. I personally recommend the Chilli con Carni - a massive bowl of chilli, tortilla's and a load of sour cream. Ace.The staff are friendly, full of banter and genuinly seem happy with there work - if the sporadic out bursts of innfectious laughter are anything to go by.There are a few problems with Snax however - the lunch time rush brings in a huge amount of people, that the cafe itself cant handly because there just isnt enough room, but also (and understandably) the wait for your order increases exponentially - which can be very annoying when all you are waiting for is a toastie, rather than a full cooked breakfast.This of course doesnt matter, in fact it is most likely a testament to how excellent Snax Cafe is.
5	Reliable, cheap and cheerful: Snax cafe never fails to layer my belly with greasy goodness.  Like many 'greasy spoons' the full English breakfast is always available.  I've opted for the 'Biggar' breakfast and a coffee on many a hang over ridden morning and am always tempted by another to follow. They do some solid Paninis too and always have a few newspapers stacked on the wall for a light read. Frequently busy with Builders and Students alike Snax is a great way to grab a tasty breakfast.
4	Located in the heart of student-ridden George-Square area, Snax is the ideal solution for the main problem in the area = hungry students. They have cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap humour.They make great breakfast rolls, as my fellow yelpers has said, and will save your life when in need.Although they are not open at the weekend, mid-week mornings here are always busy to make sure you go reasonably early to be able to get the greasy goodness!
4	I come here for lunch pretty often and it always offers a decent, filling meal at a value for money price.  Inside it feels clean and fresh with friendly and quick service.  This efficient service is important as it's always rammed around breakfast and lunch time.  Their square sausage in a roll is just one of the gems on their breakfast menu which are always delicious cooked to order.  On their lunch menu they have a great range of toasties, paninis and burgers.  Their cheese burgers are amazing, juicy and served on a nicely toasted bun.Snax Cafe is an ideal place to come for lunch or on your way to uni/work.
5	Now this is what it's all about.Much like Stuart, the word that come into my head when I think of Snax aren't just ones like "tasty", "greasy", and "affordable, but "honesty" and "integrity" as well. They don't make proper greasy spoons like this anymore, but they should. You very quickly sicken of goats cheese and roasted red pepper ciabattas, but you will never, ever tire of a well-fired morning roll with egg and crispy bacon.Every builder, student, benefit cheat, suit and office drone who works within a mile of this place can't be wrong. Huge crowds aside, it's practically flawless.
4	Snax has always been and will continue to be my ultimate hangover cure. I mean, I definitely sometimes get weird tofu cravings when I'm hungover, but it's mainly a craving for greasy deep-friend potato products with eggs and beans and other stomach-lining things. And Snax does this so well. And so cheap. So incredibly cheap, it makes my heart sing. They have a vegetarian breakfast, complete with a buttered roll, a fried egg, baked beans and potato-ey deliciousness. They also have fairly undrinkable coffee, but it's so fitting to the rest of the food and the atmosphere of the cafe in general, that I never really minded it. Believe me, next time you find yourself with your head between your hands, and the world spinning, go to Snax and get yourself an explicitly greasy breakfast.
4	Exactly what you want to cure a hangover on a Sunday morning. A Good old fashioned  greasy spoon. A dying breed these days.
5	What more do you want? Friendly service, decent food and great value for money. There's a queue, always a queue. But there's a reason for that. Serving a Big Breakfast, filled rolls, a Bigger Breakfast, paninis, the Biggest Breakfast...the list goes on and on. Something for everyone. And the coffee, very good coffee. Thank you!
4	Ah, Snax you have saved me from a hangover on more than one occasion and provided me with an enjoyable lunch even more frequently. Your staff are cool and often I can hear rock or metal playing in the background, in short you are a greasy spoon but you're my sort of greasy spoon!So yes this is the place to go for bacon/sausage/egg/haggis in a roll or on a plate with potato scones, hash browns and beans and that is one of the reasons it is almost always busy around lunch time.Aside from the fry-up nirvana Snax also sell some fairly decent soup and make a reasonable chili (served with chips, baked potato or on a hotdog) so yes it is comfort food, but sometimes that is exactly what you want.  Here is the final surprise, Snax also make a decent cup of coffee, so there you go, an ideal breakfast/lunch place, just be aware there is often a queue.
5	This no-nonsense greasy spoon has become one of my favourite local conveniences. They do hearty breakfast / brunch / lunch meals and snacks. I love it for it's good, reasonably priced food, and generous portions. And the fact that they're not shy to play good music; you can rock out to Jimi, ACDC, etc, while grinding down your haggis roll. But most of all, they earn 5 stars for always being very friendly and enthusiastic. This place puts me in a good mood, and as a consequence, I'm likely to die happy in my 30's of a heart attack!
3	Pretty standard fair.  I really like their nachos.  Great for a cheap snack when you're in a rush.
5	My favourite place in all of Edinburgh.*I have to admit that I've never eaten here not hungover/still drunk**Still the greatest
