1	Long story short, My wife and I purchased a car from these people and i never purchase on the spot. I wanted my wife happy though and when the salesman (who we have never been able to speak with again) got the payment right and assured us this vehicle was in new condition as they only carry the best cars and it was only 2 years old. Well when we got the vehicle home we discovered a few minor problems with the car and i was so mad i kind of accepted it at the time because i knew since i bought used with no warranty that the salesman got one over on me. Out of the blue GAYLON WALKER contacts me about selling me more services and when i said no way because you burned me this guy jumps to my aid saying that GAYLON WALKER can handle it. and because we spent over 20,000(and sailed through financing making Earnhardt thousands) I said why not we deserve good treatment here too. GAYLON WALKER told me that he would call me wed. when they moved into their shiny new 202 building (WHICH I PAID FOR) but never did finally sun i texted GAYLON WALKER a reminder (which i shouldn't have had to do). So after that he basically texted me the next day and told me they weren't going to do a thing about it which to me after coming to me, asking for my conifidence, Gaylon Walker should have offered something. But alas i walk away with six years of financing, and a car that now will remind me of GAYLON WALKER every time i drive it. sigh. So if you want to buy a car with hidden issues, and then IF you say anything accept "yes I'll buy more" then Gaylon Walker and his crew will do you wrong too....BUYER BEWARE!!!!! THEY WILL SELL YOU A CAR WITH HIDDEN ISSUES!!!!
4	Took the jeep in for an oil change. price was right and my service adviser was great. they only bad thing was that I actually was interested in a Jeep Wrangler but not one sales person so much as said hello to me in the 1 1/2 hours I was there.
5	i love the service there at Earnhardt Chysler Jeep Ram dealer sevices i was looking at some new trucks and some look really nice i test drive one of them and talk to a saleman Carlos mawcinitt,he was  the best salesperson that  help me .
5	I did not have good luck with sales here the first time around. Service on the other hand has so far been AMAZING. I have moved to northern AZ and was in town on a business trip when the ball joints went out on my RAM 2500. I brought it in right at close and The service department got me set up quickly with a rental car and got to work. After leaving I got a call that there were also various software updates that needed done and they wanted to be sure that I did not have custom software on my ECU before doing them and I lost an expensive tune. While I am sure this is also to make sure the truck has not been modified and I do not mess with my trucks tuning, I can appreciate the fact that they we're cognizant of the fact that some do tune and that a reflash could cost them a lot of time and money. We are looking for a 4x4 for my wife now that we have moved to snow country, we will make the trip back down here to make the purchase as with a service department this good my first experience here had to have been a fluke. I would highly recommend Earnhardt for your next purchase or to handle your service, it's quite obvious they care about their customers here.
5	Before deciding to buy a Jeep, I looked into purchasing a BMW convertible and delt with at least 10 high end dealerships. When I decided to go with the Jeep, I looked into at least a dozen dealerships, so I know how well dealerships and sales people respond to inquiries...The luxury dealerships didn't work with my 100 questions as well as Stephan Korte did here at this dealership. I researched my Jeep Wrangler Sport for at least a month before I went here and I don't regret my decision one bit. I advice you do the research and talk to Steve. He was patient, asked great questions, helped me negotiate a price I was very happy with, came in on his day off to make sure I felt comfortable (I traveled from Tucson) and to make sure I got the price we discussed.I feel like I got a better price quote from here than 99% of the dealerships I spoke to and my rapport with Steve sealed the deal.If you are in the market for a Jeep, do your homework and go look at their large selection. I hope you drive away as happy as I did!Thank you Steve.
1	The only reason this dealership gets 1 star is because it's the least I can give.We purchased from Earnhardt years ago and had a terrible experience.  But we found the vehicle we wanted at a decent price and decided to give it a try again.  BIG mistake!  TERRIBLE SERVICE!Here are our issues:1 - The vehicle's check engine light came on 2 days after we purchased it.  (This vehicle is still under manufacturers warranty.)  When my husband called about it they tried to give him the run around.  He did research before bringing the vehicle in and found that the issue required major engine repairs.  When dropping the car off the service advisor tried to indicate a minor issue and it wasn't until my husband shared his homework did he finally admit that there was significant word that would need to be done.  2 - About 2 weeks after purchasing the vehicle my husband received a call from the finance department demanding he pay them over $300 for the vehicle registration.  My husband refused to give them money without any paperwork or proof and was accused of being a thief by the Finance Manager AND the GM!  Ultimately, they made a mistake on the registration fees on the paperwork and blamed my husband for not reviewing it prior to signing.  Who reads the registration fee on a vehicle purchase agreement?!  And why is he stealing because they made a mistake and didn't catch it?!  TERRIBLE SERVICE!  We ended up paying it, but still have not received a receipt for the money.3 - We have refinanced the vehicle and cancelled the GAP coverage.  Another run around to get the money back.  They have ridiculous hoops to jump through, excuses for everything and do all they can to delay any refund.  It will now take until the end of April to get our $800 back, even though it was requested the first week of March.  Every level of this organization lacks professionalism and customer service skills.  Even the General Manager accused my husband of being a thief because of their mistake on the paperwork!  How do you get return customers when you treat them in this manner?  We purchase a new car about once a year...  Never again will we purchase from an Earnhardt dealership!  Guess Tempe Dodge will make a lot more money...
1	Because I have to give this place a star, I am dedicating it to the service center front desk and the cashier. Allen Clark is the most dishonest service advisor I have ever dealt with. Not only is he dishonest, he is very lazy and takes his time. In 5 days he did not once answer his phone. You have to leave him a message for him to call you back, generally 2-3 hrs later. I would highly caution anybody before they choose this dealership for service. The service manager Greg lacked just as much customer service and care as Al did. I was shocked at how this place operates and serves (or lack of) their clients. I will never return to this crooked dealership for service again. If you have to, defiantly avoid Allen (Al) Clark.
1	I would give this dealership zero stars if I could. I have had nothing but problems with a used car (08 Dodge Avenger) from them that supposedly "was inspected". I was given 4 practically bald and dangerous tires. The car ultimately needed an alignment too. They wouldn't replace them even with take offs for a cost. I've already replaced 2 power window regulators and just found out the battery is practically dead and the brake rotors were warped. The salesman sold me on the Bluetooth included feature...it's Bluetooth ready, not included. I WILL NEVER USE THIS DEALER FOR SERVICE OR BUY ANOTHER VEHICLE FROM THEM. Worst experience ever buying cars and I've been through several.
5	We searched high and low for the best truck out there and came to the conclusion the Dodge 2500 Cummings Diesel was the one to buy. Mike Harding, Ace, and Victoria were top notch. Enjoyed every step of buying our new truck!  Thanks guys for making the buying experience a good one!
1	I really hate giving bad reviews. And sadly, I cannot even comment on the services they provide because it didn't even get far enough for me to receive any. I have called this company no less than 6 times to make an appointment for service for two separate cars. I am always forwarded to a specific rep, I get his voicemail and proceed to be ignored indefinitely.Do I have to just bring my car in and say 'surprise, I'm here!" in order to get an oil change? The lack of response makes me not want to use this company for anything and that will flow over to when it's time to buy a car as well. I remember a time when businesses would bend over backward to get your business and prayed that their phones would ring. Nowadays it seems they just don't care and customer calls are more of a nuisance than the sound of money.Very sad - will never do business with Earnhardt's. I too would give zero stars if it were an option, 1 is too many since I can't even get a service rep to pick up a phone or call me back
1	It's taken me a while to write this, as this incident occurred the week the dealership moved to this new location...but the experience was so horrible, I have to share.My car buying experience here was fine.  The typical pushy salesman, however I am a good enough haggler (who knew?) that after an hour of back and forth with them, and just about leaving twice, I got exactly the payment, interest rate and loan period I knew I deserved with my exceptional credit score.Move forward a few months, and I have a check engine light on my brand new car.  I call to make an appointment to have it checked out, and after being transferred to 3 or 4 different equally surly representatives, I am able to get in the next morning at 7 a.m.  Now, this dealership was a 25 minute drive from me; however, since the buying experience was fine I decided to stay with them for the repairs as well.  I manage to get out of the house early, with my 2 year old in tow, and get to the dealership right on time...only to discover that they had moved.  Their first day open at this location was literally the DAY before, when I had called to make the appointment.  The man I spoke to apparently didn't think it was pertinent to inform me of this, despite going through my customer recording and seeing it had been months since I bought the car, and had not brought it in for anything since.  So, I wasted 25 minutes of my time, one way, to get here, only to find they were gone a further 25 minutes away.  Upon calling the same number I used to make the appointment, 2 or 3 surly representatives later I was back to the guy I had spoken to last time.  I received no apology; instead, he said to me, "Well...it's all over the internet and stuff that we were moving.  So.  Yeah."  Really?  'All over the internet', as in on your own website?  Well, big surprise, I have no reason to visit the website of the dealership I bought a car from months ago, especially since y'all put such a convenient sticker on the door frame with the phone number for the repair shop right on it.  Another 45 minutes later, my son was at daycare and I was at work calling Chapman instead.  If this is the kind of customer service they provide, I have no interest in furthering a relationship with them.On the contrary, the people at Chapman were exceptionally friendly and prompt, and had my car fixed in less than a day, after giving me a loaner to get back to work.  The issue was rats chewing through a wiring harness.  Instead of replacing it, they were able to solder the wires together and wrap it back up, which cost less than $75 rather than a few hundred.
1	Wow!  I wish I had read these reviews before going in for my oil change today.  I checked in on Yelp but did not read the reviews until just now.  I can totally relate.I had contact with 3 different female customer service reps.  Only one was semi courteous, the other two?  Zero professionalism.  No greeting, no thank you Miss Tzannos, nothing.  While checking out, a fourth representative overheard my conversation regarding an error on my bill and she came right over to adjust my invoice to 0.00.  She is the only reason Earnhardt Dodge is even getting this 1 star.Then I was referred to Alan Clark.  I briefly spoke with him regarding my alignment issues.  No greeting.  No "Thank you for your business".  No customer service whatsoever from him and  1/2 the team that was there today.  (After reading another review below about how Alan Clark is dishonest and lazy; I will NOT be dealing with him at any point in the future.)Alan told me that I would be charged $69.00 for them to evaluate my vehicle for the alignment issue.  Really?  I think I'll wait and call back on Monday to speak with a supervisor.  (If that will even help)  Hopefully if not, there is another Jeep dealership I can visit.
1	Tried to buy a new Jeep Grand Cherokee here.  Drove over from San Diego due to the low price advertised on the web sight. When we arrived we were told that the alarm system that was put on the vehicle  would raise the price $800.00.  We said we didn't want the alarm and would pay to have it removed, but they stubbornly insisted that they could not remove it under any circumstances and we would have to pay the extra money. Of course we were badgered endlessly and told that we didn't read the "fine print" on the bottom of the web page.  (Never mind. There are too many other dealerships out there to put up with this crap.)  Walked out and  went to Auto Nation (not perfect but much better) and bought our suv there.  For the next two days they continued to call us about buying the car.  They just couldn't understand why we wouldn't  buy the car from them. ( Gee, I wonder. ) Also had a heck of a time getting  them to give back our deposit.  We are a couple of 60 year olds who have bought many cars in our lifetimes and  really hate playing these stupid games at dealerships. See Earnhardt, this is what you get,  a lost $$48,000 sale and a bad yelp review.  Was it worth it?
1	Do not ever buy a vehicle from Earnhardt Chrysler in AZ especially the Dodge Journey. My mother purchased this car with a 6 yr extended drive train warranty so I could go to my cancer treatment in another city. Now my less than 3 year old car still looks great is giant pile of garbage. They would not honor the warranty and from what I hear from other customers is that they will find any way to get out of it. They were terrible at returning phone calls and sometimes never did. They told us different issues that were wrong with it when we called multiple times but kept changing their story. They had my car for weeks but provided no printout or written documentation of anything to diagnose what was going on. Now I'm totally screwed and have no means to get to my cancer treatment. DON"T EVERY BUY A DODGE or Chrysler and especially don't buy on from these guys.
1	We bought a 2014 jeep cherokee back in May. 5 stars for the Jeep Cherokee, 1 star for Earnhardt Jeep. We love the jeep, just wish we would have bought it somewhere else. First off every vehicle on the lot has 3 dealer add-ons that are not shown on the original price. These 3 add ons are a Code Alarm Gen. II $799, Auto Butler Premier Protection $699, Window Tint $399. All a bunch of overpriced garbage that makes their jeeps $1897 more expensive than other dealers. The jeep already comes with a built in alarm from the factory and when they install the alarm they cut the wire harness which voids your warranty right there, unless you take it back to them for warranty work. Auto Butler is an extra clear coat which gets reapplied every 6 months for 3 years. You can never get an appointment for this and when you do it is at an inconvenient time or a 6 hour wait. Window tinting I could have done at any window tint store in the valley for half the price. Stay away from this dealer!!!!!!  I will be buying my next jeep from Superstition Springs Jeep.
1	I took my truck in for a turn signal and a key replacement on the 23rd of August.  They didnt have the parts and said they would order them and schedule the appointment once they came in.  I called them back twice, never received a call back either time.  I sent an email last Saturday,  still haven't received a reply.  Today, I finally took it to Kelly's Auto on Germann and Val Vista.  Kelly's Auto got me in and out the same day, Dale was super friendly and the truck is fixed.  Unbelievable that a dealership doesn't have a tracking system for follow ups.  I obviously know they do and believe they just don't care about customer service.  This has to be a management issue.  Tex would not be happy, I'm sure.
1	Do NOT buy their pre-owned "certified" vehicles. they sell them with previous and existing recalls. I bought my pre-owned jeep in May. the recall for defective headrest effecting airbags will not deploy in a rear collision was effective September the previous year. take car in for window regulator that should be covered under warranty so it's been sitting here UNTOUCHED for 6 hours now. they're hitting everyone who comes for service to do a tire alignment, disrespectful and rude!  I would give this place 10 NEGATIVE stars!!! Ridiculous!!!
1	Not a fun visit to this place and that ain't no bull.  Very greedy on trade ins, salesman was nice and friendly but was clueless about the different models.  Thankfully, I held off buying, went home for the night and watched a youtube vid explaining the different trims/models...and although we are close to a deal, they won't budge.  I guess making 8k -10k on my trade in isn't enough for them.
1	6 to 7 hours to have the auto butler service done, this place sucks! Ended up taking 4 hours, however I had to go to service advisor to see what was going on, when I got the car it was very hot inside, which tells me it sat outside for quite awhile, I then looked at the service order and the finish time was 10:30am, only 1 1/2 hours when I got there. So why did it take four hours, no communication from service advisor or tech who did the work.
1	Very poor way to do business! We found an advertised "internet special' on a Jeep.  We called and confirmed the vehicle and price.  We drove from Tucson and drove the vehicle.  We were ready to write the check (cash deal).  Then the games began.  We were told we did not read the fine print and they had added a paint protection additive (auto butler), a different security system, and had the windows tinted.  The salesman Mike Harding insisted we were going to pay for the items.  We got up and left.  We did end up buying a better jeep and at a better deal than they had to offer at another dealer with "NO BULL". Just FYI we were told they add this stuff to all of the new vehicles on the lot
1	DON'T GO TO THIS DEALERSHIP!!! STAY AWAY!! I called the dealership to get pricing on an alignment and oil change. The lady on the phone was super friendly told me the alignment was $90 and the oil change was around $20. I said perfect and set an appointment for the next day. Dropped the car off to some rude service writers. I just don't get it, if you hate your job and life that much then do something else. Anyways, I get a call that my car is done and ready for pick up. I get to the dealership and the cashier tells me my total is $153. I asked for the breakdown of what was charged. $90 for the alignment and $45 plus fees for the oil change. I told the cashier that when I called for pricing that the price $20 for the oil change. She called over a different lady who called over a different guy who said that we don't have any oil changed for $20 (very rudely). They said pay for it and come back tomorrow to speak to a service manager. At this point I'm steaming and they made it seem like I made the $20 price up and calling me a liar. I paid the total only hoping for Chrysler to call me for a survey, but that didn't happen. So I'm writing this review. I will never be back, hence the 1 and half stars they have.
1	It is getting one star because I can't give it no stars.  I am like a battered spouse that stays in the bad relationship because I've been in it for over a decade and am too lazy to leave.  Bought several vehicles from this dealership back in the day, when the service and management was solid.The last 8 years it has just been a shit show.  The service is terrible.  They can't fix anything right the first time.  They are rude and incompetent.  It really is like being in a bad dream dealing with these people.Todays laugh.  I get letter in the mail that our Jeep has a recall. I schedule an appointment.  Today we go in and they tell us "no recall on your vehicle".  I give them the number and then the story changes to "oh yeah that recall, we dont have the parts".  Mind you when I booked the appointment online I put in the recall number.  They couldn't be bothered to tell me that before driving 10 miles in at 8am on a Saturday?
1	Tex Earnhardt and his No Bull commercials are complete Bulls**t... This dealership plays more games than any other out there...  A perfect example; on each contract you will find $1500 in useless crap you won't use and do not need which is charged to you.  These charges come in the form of AutoButler and some ridiculous alarm which is hacked into your wiring harness... When financed the $1500 amount becomes nearly $2000, and the sales managers have the audacity to claim they can not remove these Scam charges from the contract...Read the contract if you feel you must give these crooks your hard earned money, I never made it to the finance department but I have to assume there are a few traps in there as well...
