4	I hadn't seen Antiques Etc open until today, so I was quite excited to have a wee rummage.It's a tiny shop situated just off the Royal Mile, selling a small amount of curiosities.It's fairly expensive and they don't have a huge amount, but it's quite refreshing to look around an antique store where I don't feel as though I'm going to send crockery toppling over like domino's. There was a nice amount of cups, saucers and older ornaments that looked like they were in pristine condition and valuable.A nice change from the usual tourist traps found in this area, Antiques Etc has some cute, unusual little offerings from days gone by. A favourite with older couples but a nice browse for all ages. I'm just sad I didn't go back for the vintage Bagpuss who was gazing up at me from the back of a chair. Hope someone gives him a good home!
4	There's not many things more unnerving than a mounted wild boar's head staring at you from a Victorian pram, wearing baby head gear. Actually, there's nothing more horrifying than that sight. Which is why I really loved this antique shop on St. Mary's Street (simply called 'Antiques'). From the moment you see Baby Boar you know this is an antiques shop with a difference. Sure they have all the usual tat like china cups and plates, kettles, that kind of thing. But they also have some weird and wonderful stuff too.I particularly liked the old radios and clocks. It's quirky, that's what it is. It's run by two guys who seem a bit younger than your average antique shop owner, and it's all the better for it. One thing though - I'm no antiques expert, but some of the stuff did seem expensive for what it looked like. Still, go for Baby Boar, he's worth the trip alone.
5	The unimaginatively named Antiques has taken up a bit more of as prominent position on St Mary's Street of late, as they've started displaying some of the goods outside in order to reel in the festival drones. It certainly made the place catch my eye, as I pass it every day yet only went in for the first time recently.More about oddball curiosities than serious, Sotheby's style antiques, their wares seemed to include a giant plush Tweety Pie and a garden gnome, which I found quite cute. Aside from that, there's everything from old clocks and gramophones to furniture.I don't see me taking the plunge and buying anything anytime soon, but there is something quite magical about this shop.
1	If you are serious about good quality antiques and collectables, avoid this shop like the plague. it should have been called "Vintage" rather than "Antiques"; since almost nothing it sells is more than 60 years old. Add to that a shopkeeper who makes Basil Fawlty and Alan Sugar look like the Care Bears, and you have a shopping experience that is memorable for all the wrong reasons. If you ask him to get more than two items out of a cabinet, to look at, he will moan that you have "had everything out and bought nothing". He even pretended that one cabinet was locked, when it obviously wasn't. When I politely asked why he was being so rude, he asked me to leave the shop. My only satisfaction is that I heard that this emporium of kitsch is closing down. I can fully understand why.
