4	Cute shop, friendly staff (although still not "smooth" operation due to being new-the ladies were a little scattered.).But on to the important part: the cupcakes. Good rotating menu. I've tried:Wedding Cake (plain choice to judge the pure cupcake quality)   Very good-exactly what I would want out of a plain white cake. Moist without being too moist. I think some people like REALLY moist cake/cupcakes-I prefer mine to have structure without being dry and these fit the bill perfectly. The buttercream was good, but I really wish they didn't pile it on quite so high. I cut half mine off. What a waste.Caramel Apple  This was WAAAAAAY too heavy for me. Did not like this. The cream cheese frosting was exceedingly heavy and the raisins were an odd addition. No caramel apple I've ever eaten has raisins. Again, cut half the frosting off. It's not a deal breaker for me, I just think they could at least cut it down by 1/4 and still make frosting-a-holics happy.Chocolate Salted Caramel  This will be a "go to" cupcake for me!  Ridiculously good. The frosting is "shorter" than the other cupcakes, too, which pleases me. Drool inducing.At $3 each, for the large size of both the cake and frosting, this is a decent deal in Madison. While you are there, head to David Bacco, now "DB Infusions" and grab some chocolates for someone you love.
2	Maybe 2.5 stars. Definitely better than the cupcakes from Daisy's Cafe, but still not worth it.  Not worth the hassle of the location, not worth the money, and definitely not worth the calories. I LOVE me some frosting, and prefer an equal frosting to cake ratio (which for most people is too much frosting).  These actually have more frosting than cake, and may even have been just a bit too much frosting for me.  Words I never thought I would say. I tried two flavors.  The Tiramisu was the one I thought I'd become obsessed with, but no worries there.  On the dry side, okay cake flavor, and SUPER sweet make-my-teeth-hurt frosting.  This one also has cream cheese in the middle, but ironically barely had any, which is too bad because the half-teaspoon of it there was had really good flavor.  It would have been so much better with a layer of cream cheese frosting and a layer of the coffee frosting.  A dot of cream cheese in the middle does not a tiramisu cupcake make! The other flavor I tried was the peanut butter cup.  Frosting was nice and fluffy and had a good flavor, but I was really disappointed in the cake.  Very dry, kindof hard around the edges, and really didn't taste like chocolate -- maybe they got some pumpkin batter mixed in with it by accident??I would only go back if I was already in the area and was with other people who wanted to go there.  In that case, I'd possibly try something with cream cheese frosting, since that was the best part of my experience there.
3	The Hilldale's Gigi's is one of the latest stores in the nationwide cupcake franchise to open.I'll second some of the other reviews here that the frosting to cake ratio is silly.  The only way you can eat these is laying them sideways on a plate because there's so much frosting!  It's called a cupcake, not a cupfrosting... One exception to the rule is that they have the Boston Cream cupcake which is excellent and something I would come back for regularly.  But of course there's a hitch and they're only making it on Tuesdays in their current menu.  I perused their website and it looks like there's only about 3-4 cupcakes with a sensible amount of frosting (about 10% of their selection).In comparison, I prefer the flavors and attention to the cake that Daisy's Cupcakery brings - I mean, who could turn down a cupcake made with Ale Asylum beer?
4	As cupcakerys go, I really like Gigi's. I agree with many other comments that point out the MASS amounts of frosting on each cupcake, I usually only use 1/3 of what is on them. However, if you don't want to be wasteful you can definitely put some frosting on some cookies or something you have around the house.I like the rotating menu, it keeps things interesting, and the menu in general is really fun. I'd have to say my favorite is their Wedding Cake - although in theory it is simply white cake with white frosting (which I would never have chosen if someone hadn't told me to try), but somehow it tastes INCREDIBLE!If you become a Facebook fan, you often get special deals, which I love.The place definitely attracts the upper middle-class soccer mom crowd, the prices make it a little more uppity than it should be, but it works really well as a special treat to have once and awhile.
2	This is a very cute, pink bakery. It is also very small. It is across from the Sundance theater at Hilldale mall. When you walk in on your left hand side is a breakfast bar area with 6 or 7 tall chairs. They also have 3 or 4 very small pink wrought iron tables. You need to get there early, because when they run out of something that is it for the day. They are not the friendliest people, I took my 9 year old and some of her friends there for her birthday. I spent $35 on cupcakes and they seemed in a hurry to get rid of us. You will get a LOT of frosting, and if you eat there they put the cupcake in a small styrofoam dish with a spoon. I think the cupcakes are $3.00 a piece.
2	Smells like sugar in this place.I love (adore) frosting, but had to force myself to finish the amount on the red velvet cupcake. Yes, it was sweetly delicious, but my teeth literally ached from it. The cupcake itself was pretty dry. Like someone else said, I had to lay the cupcake down sideways to eat it due to the top-heavy frosting. Just too much.
4	I am a frosting person, and my sweet tooth is pretty robust, so Gigi's works for me. I stopped in with my mom after a hitting up Hilldale and got the Red Velvet and both versions of the Midnight Madness to bring back to my parents' house. We cut the cupcakes into thirds, and a third is about right for how much you can consume at a time. The cake was moist, which was a welcome change from many dry cupcakes I've purchased out (I love baking, so I usually just make my own). I really liked the cream cheese frosting (on the red velvet & white MM), it was more cream cheese-y and less sugary than some recipes.At $3 each, they are on the pricey side, but as an occasional treat it's not going to break the bank (especially when it can easily make two servings). Also, with their more interesting flavors it's nice to buy one and be done - one hot fudge sundae cupcake might be amazing, but a dozen that you'd make for yourself at home might be a bit much.
5	Best cupcakes in Madison! We got there at the end of the day and were treated so well. The staff was accommodating. We chose the wedding cake and cinnamon roll to share. They were perfect! very moist and delicious. The frosting was sweet but not too much. The presentation was lovely as well.  At $3 a piece, they are a bargain! Well worth it! I can't wait to go back!
3	Lots of sweet flavors of cupcakes with whimsical names and lots of eye appeal.  Prices are pretty good as these places go - about $3 per cupcake.We tried chocolate, coconut, turtle and wedding cake, all looked very appetizing.  One thing that's apparent right away is that they are all about the frosting - with each cupcake piled high with a VERY generous serving.  Unfortunately for me, this is a case of more not being better.  We had to scrape half the frosting off to balance things out.  Flavor-wise, setting the frosting aside, the cake was on the dry side and somewhat bland.Will probably go back when visiting Madison, but am unlikely to be a regular.
3	stopped here for a quick dessert b/c my wife love red velvet cupakes.  we came after lunch on a sunday and the selection was extremely limited.  each cupcake runs $3.00 which isnt bad for a "gourmet" cupcake shop.the cupcakes are definitely loaded with frosting, however i wasnt overly impressed with the taste of caramel on my cupcake and the red velvet ones were not made with cream cheese frosting.all in all great for a nice dessert.
3	My sister is doing the cupcake thing for her wedding, getting her cupcakes here.  On my maid of honor visits, we have been sampling various flavors to make a good selection for the wedding.  The flavors are fun and the decorating is beautiful.  As a professional baker, I can get a little snooty about bked goods.  And I prefer Italian meringue buttercream...They are nice with coffee though.
2	I have to agree with the other reviewers:  Too sweet, too much.If you're *really* into sugar - if you'd enjoy eating a whole helping of plain marshmallows or cotton candy - maybe this is the place for you.  But I really wish this place would add a little salt and less sugar - and BROWN sugar - to its frosting.  Too sweet otherwise.We tried the Banana Cream, the Midnight Magic, and the Pumpkin.  All of them:  too sweet.  We all agreed that Midnight Magic (chocolate on chocolate) was the best one... the chocolate cut the sweet just a little and it *was* nice and dark.  But the others were inedibly sweet.  For all three of us.
3	2 inches of cupcake, 4 inches of frosting.  This was the first thing I noticed about Gigi's cupcakes.  The frosting tastes great, and so does the cake, but it's not hard to see where some folks would be turned off by this crazy ratio.  Though, I know that every kid in America who traditionally only eats the frosting off various birthday cakes through out the year could come here and be in frosting heaven.  Lots of different flavors, and fun, sometimes whimsical names makes this place an interesting place to visit.  The mountains of frosting are great especially if you are diabetic and want to go into an immediate coma.
5	I wasn't sure I'd be that impressed since I'm more about the cake than the icing, but these cupcakes (I tried 4 different kinds) were amazing!
5	Great cupcakes, great price and friendly service...what more could you want?
3	Visited GiGi's while on vacation in Madison, early on a Thursday afternoon.   This was my first time at a GiGi's, and I must say my first impression was of mostly empty cases with only about 3/4ths of the advertised flavors on display.  Yes, as other folks have said, the frosting to cake ratio is insane!  I asked the girl at the counter if the frostings were butter cream, she seemed a little unsure about some of the flavors, but since I dislike cream cheese frosting I wanted to know - of course I inadvertently selected a flavor with a cream cheese frosting, but I should have asked more specifically.  My niece had the Peanut Butter Cup, and I must say I loved her frosting much more than mine.  The cake itself was just okay, I'm guessing the allure of Gigi's  is the over-the-top frosting and sugar overload.  I definitely could have used a glass of milk to cut the sweetness!
4	So adorable!! This place is the cutest thing ever! We had the citrus cupcake and it tastes amazing! The cake was super moist and delicious and the frosting was delicious but alittle too much. I would come back any day!
3	Cupcakes look huge but then you realize more than half is frosting (I had to scrape most of it off), so it's super sweet. Make sure you have a tall glass of milk to wash it all down!
2	I'm not a fan of their cupcakes. There is way to much frosting on them. They do come in some fun flavors, but I mostly feel gross after eating one.
5	Finally a cupcake worth writing home about!These cupcakes are glamorous, fabulous, and straight up delish.  They're fancy enough to drop off to a friend when you need a quick lil' gift to give, or just something to satisfy your sweet tooth when you've had 'one of those days'.  For me, if there is any cake on top that is not covered with frosting, something is wrong.  Gigi's has the right idea with covering the entire circumference of the cake.  Way to go, Gigi.  Loves it.  Every bite is frostastic. They have baller flavers that change EVERYDAY.  My fave so far is white chocolate raspberry frappe.  Waaaa? I know.  Love cupcakes.  Come here.  You'll be a happy camper.
3	Ok, I would first like to state that I am not the biggest cupcake fan, but my wife proposed that we try this cupcake place....so as the great husband that I, I said, "sounds awesome". I enjoyed 2 different cupcakes from what they had available. Not many choices to choose from on display, which I understand since we were there in the evening. But I wished they had some of their cupcake flavors available for purchase....they sounded great.The cupcakes i did have were large cupcakes, and honestly just one filled me up completely! Hella', yes Hella' frosting. Holy sugar!The cupcake itself was very moist and flavorful. A-Ok. But honestly, I needed a fork to eat this giant. The inside of the store was very clean and well decorated. I think there prices were on par for what they should be. I just can't give this a 5....it was a cupcake. I don't think it was original or awesome enough. If I go into a cupcake store i want to be blown away from the cupcake I'm eating. Anyone can make a cupcake. I want the:"Once it hits the lips!"Sorry GiGi's 3 out of 5.
5	I'm a serious sugar junkie and these cupcakes are my fix.I ran across them at a birthday party this past weekend. Took one bite of the frosting and before I knew it, four of them were in my stomach. (I feel compelled to note that these were mini cupcakes.)Even better that these delicious little guys were decorated in super cute holiday style... A snowman with a miniature Twizzler necktie, anyone?I only got to try vanilla and chocolate, so I'm gonna have to visit the Gigi's store to check out some of the unusual flavors other reviewers mention. Color me intrigued.Since I moved to Madison, I've had a little bit of a bad attitude, I admit... There's plenty to love here, but I miss my Boston hangouts. But now that I've discovered Gigi's Cupcakes, I wanna stay.
3	This place is excellent for the sweet toothed.  Many options and great gift ideas.
4	These cupcakes were, in general, crazy delicious. My only complant was that the frosting was too much in quantity and in sweetness. My favorite part of a cupcake is frosting and I could have done with about half the amount of frosting they served. My boyfriend, who has a "second stomach" for desserts even complained that the frosting was a bit much. But I guess that's the craze with cupcakes these days?We sampled 4 different flavors: carrot cake, chocolate velvet, coconut macaroon, and some sort of strawberry flavor. The strawberry one was too sweet and not great, but the others were pretty amazing. The chocolate velvet one came with a molten chocolate-like center, surrounded by chocolate cake and decadent chocolate frosting. The carrot cake was moist, flavorful and came with an amazing cream cheese frosting. The coconut macaroon one came with a real, little baby coconut macaroon on top! That was my favorite part, but the cupcake was chocolate-y and the frosting was coconut-y and delicious.Would definitely eat these cupcakes again!
3	Frosting is way too sweet and completely overpowers the cake flavor. Four inches of frosting on top is just too much!
4	These cupcakes are gorgeous little sugar bombs. Each cupcake has an amount of frosting that's about equal to a small hill. Being a frosting fiend, I'm definitely a fan of that. Thank goodness they have coffee there or I'd be on the floor in a coma after each visit.
4	Clever and fun cupcakes. A bit pricy but great for a special treat.
4	The display of cupcakes is so professional and makes you want to buy one of each!  Had the double chocolate salted caramel cupcake.  Oh man, yum!
1	I am not a fan of Gigi's cupcakes. I went there expecting to have a delicious cupcake and coffee and customer service. Not to be found at this place. First off they were sold out of a lot of cupcakes so that limited the options. Secondly, we ordered a cupcake and a cafe au lait and neither were good. The coffee literally tasted like water with a hint of skim milk. Everything is served in styrofoam, even the cupcakes, which really makes the presentation points go way down. The day we went was apparantly customer appreciation day and you could spin a wheel to get something free. After we finished eating and went up to the register to pay they said I could spin the wheel and I spun the wheel really slow and it landed on 'free water', the employee suggested I spin the wheel again faster this time and I won a 'free tasting of frosting'. Because I was already stuffed from the cupcake and it was a hot day outside and I was thirsty I asked if I could have the free water instead. She looked at me sternly and said 'no'. Wow this spin the wheel deal is pretty serious stuff I guess. After telling me that she pointed at my empty styrofoam cup and then over to a garbage can at the other end of the store and said: 'The garbage can is over there'. Wow such much for customer service. I do not plan on being back. I also don't think this employee is a good representative for your store. I just don't expect cranky and downright rude people to work at a cupcake store.
3	First of all, people, please have more variety.  I have been in there early and I have been in there late.  And it always seems like they are "out" of most flavors.  You know what people love the most!  Make it available.  I come in for a flavor and I always seem to settle.  Now on to the cupcakes!  Delicious!!!  Yup.  I always like to try one crazy flavor and one traditional flavor.  I find that some places do one really well and the other category falters.  Gigi had a great wedding cupcake.  Simple, rich flavor.  They are generous with the frosting so eat bite of your cupcake is never without its sweet companion.  Do you like carrot cake?  I do.  I love it.  And they do it well.  Carrot cake can dry out but Gigi keeps it fresh and moist.  Sometimes I think I want to shove it all in my mouth so no one steals it.  Then I sadly realize that my mouth is just not that big.  Lemon Icebox: Delicious, BUT you must LOOOOOVE lemon.  It was not a favorite of my cupcake companions.  I tried the Italian Wedding Cupcake, it was very rich.  I could not eat all of it in one sitting.  Gigi's is great, but honestly now the best out there.  If you are near there, try it out.  You will not be disappointed but I am not sure if you will be overly impressed either.
3	These cupcakes were okay. I got two because it was buy 1 get 1 free.  I got the Fluffer Nutter and the Red Velvet. I tried the Fluffer Nutter first. As I peeled the wrapper it stuck to the cake which then started to fall apart. It probably wouldn't have been too bad but bc the cupcake was fill and also loaded with frosting it kind of ended up being a pile if mush in my hands. I love frosting but it was just way way too much. The red velvet cake part was delicious and moist but again felt the frosting was too much. I know people love this place but for me the tons of frosting is too much for my stomach to handle.
4	We were on a hunt for froyo and failed, so we stumbled upon Gigi's cupcakes instead. This is a small shop - there are a few places to sit indoors, but you are better off sitting outside or taking your cupcake to go. This place gets packed! There was a line almost out the door on Saturday! It was $3.25 for a cupcake (which I always think is insane, but whatever), and there were plenty of flavors to choose from. I ended up getting the White Hot Chocolate cupcake. The cake was moist, and there was plenty of frosting (they put a TON on), and overall it was tasty. I basically was a chocolate/vanilla cupcake. I don't think I would get that one again if I went back, just because it really wasn't that unique. They did have other flavors that were more unique, like Bananas Foster, so my bad! Next time!
5	I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for Gigi's to start offering a gluten free cupcake. And they finally do! Yay!I have had gluten free cupcakes before from other bakeries, and they have been okay. Some can be pretty dry or way too dense. Let me tell you, Gigi's has perfected the recipe. I had a Salted Caramel Chocolate cupcake that was out of this world. I even fed it to my boyfriend and he said it's the first thing he's tasted that he couldn't tell was gluten free. So that tells you something. The chocolate cake was the perfect consistency, and to my happy surprise was filled with caramel in the center. Yum. The caramel frosting was divine, and it had just the right amount of salt in it. I have to say it was so rich that I had to eat it in two halves, but I can also say that I wasn't disappointed to have another half a cupcake to eat the next day. A+!
2	My husband and I decided we wanted to try a sweet we never had before and while we were at the Nitty Gritty we saw a Gigi's Cupcake car go past the window so we went there. My husband got the wedding cake and Kentucky Bourbon Pie while I chose the Strawberry and Cream cupcake and the Lemon Cheesecake. I have to say I was very disappointed with the sweets. The cakes were good but the frosting was so overly sweet I could not finish it. The Kentucky Bourbon Pie was moist but very heavy and again, overly sweet. I loved the lemon cheesecake but took off the frosting that ringed the lemon filling because of its sweetness. It is too bad the frosting could not be more like the frosting at Carl's Cake..I would then pay the price they are asking for cupcakes. That will be our first and last visit to this establishment.
4	Feel like indulging? This is the perfect place! Cupcakes with mounds of frosting is all different flavors! I love the Lemon Drop. It's filled with a creamy lemon filling.They always have a ton of chocolate options. I usually have to split one with my wfie otherwise I suffer from a major sugar high!
3	Frosting overshadowed the cake which was moist but hidden in the basic chocolate cupcake. Skim milk was weird tasting. Good for a sweet treat.
5	Delicious cupcakes. The cake itself is nice and moist and they don't feel the need to stuff something in the middle of each one like some bakeries do. The frosting was very tasty (though a little too much for my liking!). If I'm ever in Madison again I will definitely be stopping by Gigi's for a few cupcakes again!
2	Gigi's gets a "not bad" but not impressed. We had the chocolate Turtle Cupcake. There was as much frosting as there was cake. This a pile up the frosting, tall frosting sort of place. The frosting was the caramel part of the "turtle" - very sweet. Good flavor but so sweet as to overwhelm the cake part of the "turtle". Cupcakes are $3.25 a pop. They aren't particularly big but the sweetness of our chocolate turtle cupcake frosting made it suitable for sharing. If I had my niece in tow and she was 5 years younger and she pouted, I'd probably give in and go back.Service was so so. The woman at the counter seemed to have a take our cupcakes or not sort of attitude.  If you are going to sell what is advertised as a premium product, offer premium service please.
2	Ohhhhh I wanted to love these .   Special occasion calls for special treats, so I drive to the cupcake shop .   Hunt for a place to park ( minus 1 star for parking -- there is no parking ). I ordered a dozen$$$$$$.   .  Perhaps it was a bad day?   I found the amount of cake ridiculous in ratio to the frosting .    We all pulled off  most of the frosting  as it was like globs of butter in the teeth -- perhaps my problem was the fact that I refrigerated the cupcakes for a few hours prior to serving and the women behind the counter didn't give advice on serving? All in all-- I served these at a party and there were cupcakes ripped up with frosting left on all of the plates .   Very small dry cake with uninspired flavor.
5	Extremely helpful staff, I put in a small custom order and they were very accommodating with suggestions and even looked up the school colors I was using for this event.  I try and stop there whenever possible for a nice tasty treat.  I did not know they come up with different flavors for each day.
5	Amazing cupcakes. If i don't want as much frosting i can just take it off. I love all the different flavors and even cheesecake,cookies, and pies! You can also get a full size cake!
5	Seriously, I don't know how anyone can hate on Gigi's.  It is the best cupcake place I have ever set my taste buds on.  Yes, there is A LOT of frosting.  If you ask me, that is the best part.  You can eat an entire layer of it and still have two layers to eat with your cupcake.  (Disclaimer:  I am NOT morbidly obese as this review is making me sound, I swear.)  And the frostings here are AMAZING.  All that I have tried are the best version of that type of frosting I have ever tasted.  For those of you who don't like frosting, I don't trust you. That's number one.  Two, take some off if you don't like it.  The great thing about Gigi's is that the cupcakes are also the best too!  You could actually enjoy just the cupcake here and be satisfied (if you're one of those untrustworthy frosting hating types, that is.)Honestly, my only gripe with Gigi's is that you can't build your own cupcake.  I don't even know if that exists, but I would die for one of their chocolate cupcakes with a mountain of buttercream frosting on top.  DIE, I TELL YOU.  Gigi's, if you're listening, I just gave you a killer marketing idea.  Go for it.  You're welcome.
