1	Was approached at a concert regarding Sears Vacations so I gave them my email address and phone number. Was called a week later to come check them out and told I would receive a free week resort vacation and $250 trip cash. I went and sat thru the boring sales pitch. Basically you can pay $3000 for the opportunity to pay "wholesale" vacation prices thru their travel agency. I decided I would have to think about it and would base my decision on the free 1 week vacation they promised. Turns out, there are VERY limited choices- mostly in Mexico. I checked airlines and no nonstop flights to any of the locations and still required to pay quite a bit out of pocket. Also, the flights I found all had a one night layover in LA, which was super inconvenient. I scrapped the vacation idea and tried to use the $250 trip cash on a hotel. Not only was there no hotel in the area I was looking for, but it would only take $20 off the price. ??? My opinion: total waste of time and money
1	I really hate the feeling of being suckered...and am feeling it in spades over this dealThey give a good sales pitch but leave things out...like a lot of hotels in the areas I  travel to.  I recently booked a Embassy suites in California and when I went back to see if there was availability to extend my stay the hotel was no longer available. Now I didn't say it was all booked because I checked their company website and there are plenty of rooms. Then I looked farther out and the hotel is still not available...gone from the site. I looked for hotels in an area outside of seattle were there is plenty of availability on other sites however Sears, again, was quite limited as they seam to be in most areas after i had the chance to compare them to other sites(unfortunately you have to purchase to find this out. The website is so frustrating...there is no search option and if you click on a hotel and then tab back you loose your settings. It can be like looking for a needle in a hay stack but as soon as you look somewhere someone throws more hey where you just looked! I could go on about the site...it's just to frustrating.Now on to the whole "voucher issue". I recently tried to book a trip to maui using  one of my "free" trp vouchers. After working with them on the phone to book the trip he told me what my total would be be...I was like "my total?" He said it only covered a portion and that I had to pay the rest. So the room at the Sears rate was $1279 and that my total due was $1060...how in the heck is that a free stay or even considered a voucher? I never saw any of this information and just looked over my paperwork and it doesn't show this anywhere. Their response was that the hotel is Normally over $2000 so thats how I was getting a deal but I have to call BS and I bet you will to...and these resort stays are not free they are pre paid as I have had these people admit to me. $219 dollars off is a deal when I paid $3000 for this thing?...They have no email to send suggestions or complaints and beyond booking the reservations they representatives are not much help beyond that(though they are very friendly and I feel bad that they have to use the same horrible website as we do to book with). Another downside to using this site is you cannot use any of your reward programs at hotels. I can't say that I haven't got some deals through them but for all it's worth it's not worth the hassle. When adding in the discounts and hotel stays that other hotels give for frequenting them it doesn't come out to much of a deal in the long run. So unless there is something about the discounts that really work well for you do yourself a favor, stay away and look somewhere else
1	Don't buy this!  You can't get a supervisor on the phone ever.  There is only one number and they transfer to co-workers if there is a problem.  There is no accountability!
1	I got suckered in by a lady walking around with a tablet at Sears at the mall. I was told its for a lucky draw and what not. Next thing I know is they call me and told me about SEARS VACATIONS and that I will get 2 $200 restaurant.com gift cards, 1 $50 sears card and one 7 day vacation package for just checking out the 90 minute presentation in Scottsdale. I must say at first it sounds very good when they show you their price difference compared to Priceline, Expedia etc. I was all interested until they started talking about the price of this package. Starting at $5000. Are you kidding me? who the hell is going to pay you 5000 for a vacation package when we barely know anything about Sears Vacation. Anyways any company is only as good as its word and SEARS suckered us in to this by offering us the freebies, but wait the freebies are B.S too. The restaurant.com gift card is not actually a gift card. Its more like a groupon and can only be used at struggling businesses with low ratings. You cant pay your bill with this gift card. It only lets you buy a coupon which you take in and it takes only 50% off your bill. So far Im pretty pissed that they lie to people to begin with. Even though i was interested in buying their Vacation package, but i wont do it anymore since they conned  us to begin with. I still have to see if the FREE 7 day they gave us is any good or not. Most people here are complaining about that too. So lets see. My advice, Sears is going downhill and this is their new way of suckering people in. Stay away from them and dont waste your time.
1	Buyer beware, you're in for a scare.I mentioned this in my review for their sister company, Direct Buy of East Valley. Basically, after a veterans' parade, I was cornered and harassed by men of Direct Buy and Sears Vacation. Literally, they blocked me into a corner and wouldn't let me leave unless I acquiesced to their interrogation. My first thought was "Are these guys really employees?" because I felt like I was in a stick up. Thankfully, instead of killers, they ended up only being financial scammers. The information they wanted was personal-- phone, zip, full name--the works. They quickly muttered something about a "raffle" for a tv and a cruise, but instead of letting me answer in refusal, they jumped immediately into shoving their note-taking iPads in my face and repeating the information they needed from me. They would not let me leave even when I turned away. Threateningly cornering random timid people like animals is not a way to gain new customers.At this point, I just wanted them to leave me alone, so in my anxiety, I unfortunately gave up precious information. I regret it immensely, especially after doing further research online and finding out that both companies employ aggressive telemarketing schemes in order to break down vulnerable citizens and rob them out of house and home. Sears Vacation is run by a timeshare company in Scottsdale called International Cruise and Excursion. Try your hand at looking up their consumer complaints; they have a long track history of scamming consumers. I found out they specifically go to veteran events in order to target our military men and women. Yes. They went to a veterans parade in order to scam these brave people at a parade of remembrance. These companies are shining examples of true, red-blooded Americans.Just like Direct Buy, after multiple telemarketing calls, they try to convince you to go to one of their pressure sale "presentations". As a ploy to entice you to come, they offer you "incentives", like raffles, vouchers, or "free cruises" (which, by the way, aren't free after all). Their ultimate goal is to get you to sign up for their expensive travel program, where the purported benefits are actually more expensive than if you just used websites like Expedia and Travelocity. So you pay more to get worse deals. Woohoo capitalism! No wonder their current customers aren't satisfied. Looking again at consumer complaints also shows that getting a refund straight from them and not from a charge back is like finding a unicorn. Not only that, but from the information I've gathered, it seems probable that Sears Vacation isn't even part of Sears the department store we all know. They only use the name in order trick consumers into familiarity. Just like with Direct Buy, I refuse to get involved with a company that employs tactics that make me feel unsafe. If you're going to go out of your way to cause me to feel threatened, at least offer good deals that are real?tldr; don't be like me. Don't get caught on the same sidewalk as Sears Vacation and Direct Buy. If they ever find you in a corner, RUN. Run as if you were running away from an actual cannibal.
1	TOTALLY BOGUS!! STAY AWAY!! You'll be contacted about a free resort voucher and restaurant gift card...after you attend their presentation, of course. Seemed fishy so I yelped and found these reviews, thankfully, as well as rip-off reports. Just passing on the good word...
