4	I'm not much of a golfer. There. That's how I chose to start this review. So take this for what its' worth ... I've played maybe a dozen times, usually public courses in miami/orlando/atlanta. I was in Scottsdale for business and had a day off so I took advantage of this by making a tee time online for 3:15pm on a Friday the night before. 18 holes and cart included was $30. Free tees, and another $25 for rental clubs and I was on my way. I got to play by myself (bonus, because I hate slowing people down ... I mean, I shot 110) and enjoyed this 18 more than any other (except for a course I once played in Orlando with my father, for sentimental reasons). The course was very well kept, much better than any I've played on in Miami or southern LA. First time playing in Arizona was beautiful and amazing to appreciate the contrast between the red clay and green, green fairways. Not much water, but just enough for me to lose 3 balls in it (I lost 9 total, again, I'm not that good). Freeways line the start of the back 9.  A little distracting. I think I hit 3 balls into ongoing traffic. Regardless, it only got better from there. Gorgeous 13th and 15th and 16th holes, among the others. Beautiful semi-island par-3 on 18. I played until dark, nailed a 20ft put, almost birdied 3 in a row, and had an awesome time - very memorable - and happy as hell I took the initiative to play 18 on my day off even though its not my sport. I would recommend it. This course was beautiful.
3	I don't golf at all but like to ride my bike along the multi-use path from McDonald Drive to Pima.  I watch out for the golfers and occasionally have to duck or at least honker down when I hear "fore".  To me the golf course doesn't look too exciting but then again I don't golf.  If I were to golf I would never get past the first hole and take too much time.  Others seem to enjoy it and yell when the ball gets close or into the hole.  For me riding my bike is far more enjoyable and very scenic with great views of Four Peaks and sunsets behind Camelback.Over the past several years I have collected hundreds of stray golf balls.  I save the uniquely marked ones from other golf courses including Silverado but otherwise box the others up.  I have offered them to my nephews to sell but there was little interest.  I finally found someone who wants them for distribution to a youth organization.  Now I can go out and collect more... plus get more exercise which is my primary objective in the first place.
1	They sell your e-mail address to spammers!If you reserve your tee time with them online, they will sell your e-mail address to Viagra and penis enhancement spammers. It happened to me. I used a unique e-mail address with them and next thing I know, I start getting spam on that e-mail address. I confronted them about it and they denied it and didn't take any action which makes them worse.The golf facilities are mediocre so don't even bother.
3	It's usually cheap and the layout is ok. It is a short course, par 70 that runs through a wash area. It was always in pretty good shape. There is no driving range. It's nothing special but it's fun. Not sure what else to say about this one really.?.
4	Played here three times this week. My favorite in the Scottsdale area. Book on GolfNow.com. February prices have been around $60 per round of golf
1	Oh the joys of playing a value course where customer centric culture was founded by the Madoff school of business.  Ladies and Gents, my review:Good: -Great condition.  Greens and fairways are well kepy.-Fairly forgiving.  I love playing a desert course made for the average player.Bad: -No driving range-No gps, but...eh...is a value course-Hard to find.  Needed to pull out my sundial and compass to triangulate my position.Ugly:-Marshall on us 5 times.  Total time: 4:20.  We were somewhat slow due to the fact that we had our other twosome play from the womens tees.  I have nothing against the ladies, but the marshall should know that it takes an average of 90 seconds to get back in your cart and have the other group tee off!-The caddies that helped clean our tees, which we generously tipped, made remarks Charlie Sheen would be proud of: said we played a 4:30 round (when it was 4:20), argued about the marshall pushing us, and overall was focused on proving some unknown point to a paying customer!Suggestion: -Don't play here!  Rude service with a locals only attitude.  I felt like i was surfing on somebodys turf.  Out of towners beware...you are not welcomed...except for your benjamins!On to Legends Trail!
4	I'm not sure why this course gets such a low rating.  This is a fine golf course.  It is in excellent condition.  The front nine is somewhat boring as it is basically straight out and straight back.  The back nine offers a little more challenge and a few more interesting holes.A warning to walkers:  The front nine is easily walked, but the back nine is tough as there are VERY long stretches from green to tee.I played it on 11-24-11 in the first group of the day.  The greens were pretty slow, but that was probably because there was a heavy dew that morning and the greens were still pretty wet.  As they dry out during the day, they probably run a little faster, but will still be just moderate speed greens.It's a straightforward course, with no tricks off the tee.  The 10th hole is a sharp dogleg right with a blind tee shot.  Other than that, you can see the shot you need to hit from every tee box.  The finishing hole is a moderate, downhill Par 3 over water.   Beautiful golf hole.
1	Customer Service Sucks at this golf course soooooooo BAD!  Been there 4 times and every time have an issue checking in or with one of the GOLF Pros.  This golf course by far has the worst employees ever. The course is usally in good condition but always get turned off by the employees. On top of it all they do not even have a driving range to practice. Do not recommend this course at all.
4	Was in town for business meetings.  Nice course in town and I was staying nearby. Good shape and price was good.  Pace of play was a little slow, however it was a Sun in Feb.  Will probably play again next yr.
1	11:30 tee time, finally hit the first tee at 12:15.  Followed with almost a six hour round of golf.   Not a marshal in site to speed up play.  Our group waited almost half an hour just to tee off on a par three.  I've been to this course quite a few times over the past couple of years.  It is a nice layout and usually in good shape, however after today, never again.  Having a good round of golf is all about establishing a rhythm.  You will never establish that here.
4	I am sorry to see so many bad things said about Silverado.  Its one of my favorites.  I golf mostly in the afternoons.  We play at this course about 3 times a month.  Never had a problem.  My foursome even got to take off early.  One time my dad (age 85)  was late getting to the golf course.  When he arrived the staff loaded his clubs and him, up and brought him out to our hole where we were getting ready to tee off.The course itself is pretty forgiving.  Pretty open in the front 9, little tighter on the back.I recommend the Friday Night Fish Fry as well.  They have a great dinner and golf special.
1	Slow!!! This the slowest golf course in the world. I have played there 3 times, all within the last year. I was only able to finish once because of the extremely slow play and that time took 5 1/2 hours. The other time they started me on the back, which was fine because it is the nicer of the two 9's, it took 2 1/2 hours to play. I go to make the turn on to the front and they just let 7 groups of walkers out on the front, even though they new a bunch of people would be making the turn because they started everyone else earlier on the back. Seeing this and then seeing the 5 groups waiting to tee of on 10, I went to the pro shop to kindly ask "what's up?", the guy with the creepy side burns and mustache basically told me I was screwed and said there was no chance of a rain check even though he admitted that it would take over 3 more hours to finish my round.For some stupid reason I went back again this past May. It took 2/12 hours to play the front and then it took 2 1/2 hours TO PLAY THE FIRST FOUR HOLES ON THE BACK!!! When we got to the 14th tee there were, NO KIDDING, 6 groups on the tee. NOT A MARSHALL IN SIGHT!We decided to quit and drive to the clubhouse, as did two other groups. When we got back to the club house, the bag guys asked how we enjoyed our round... knowing that we did not come from  the 18th. We told them very politely how slow it was and  there only response was "ya, slow golf sucks". Please find new management because this is a decent course, when you get to play the whole thing!
2	Not worth the price, much better courses around for the money!
5	One of the most fun rounds of golf I've played in a long time. Some challenging features, but plays pretty easy. Fairways were immaculate! Beautiful course, and they wiped down my clubs after my round (never had that happen anywhere else). Most definitely worth the very reasonable green fee, and I'll play here again if I ever find myself in Scottsdale again!
3	There are a lot of great reasons to rate this course highly, and then there are a few others that get me a little heated....Pros:- Central location in the Scottsdale area- Grass is typically in great shape, despite getting a lot of play- Rates are extremely affordable. The best value in Scottsdale for a round of golf throughout the year- Good mix of challenging and easy holes for all skill levels- Not a lot of desert to mess around with and virtually no water to worry about either (except for 18)- Great views off of the tee at #14 and #18- Cart girls here are usually pretty good- Staff has always been courteous and good when I've played hereCons:- No driving range....- No driving range.... - No driving range....- Slow pace of play on late afternoons and weekends. They really overload the course and it can get very backed up - Marshall's aren't present too often to regulate the pace in my experienceIf you're looking for a great value, open fairways, and to have a generally good time with most skill sets, this is your place. Just don't plan on getting in a warm up or playing a quick round.
1	Horrible customer service! I tagged along this afternoon to my husbands 1:15 tee time and they charged me a rider's fee of $17... Just to sit in his cart and watch. He was a single player so it's not like we needed an extra cart or anything!  For that price I could have just played! Ridiculous.  Won't be back.
3	I feel like I owe it to Silverado and the Yelp community to update my original review from a few days ago.  After our awful first experience, my husband wrote an email to Silverado's upper management.  We received a very fast (and polite) response apologizing for the cashier's poor judgement in charging us an unnecessary rider's fee.  They are mailing my husband a gift certificate in hopes that he will give Silverado another chance... We really appreciate that.
5	This course was great! The grass is well manicured, the greens were a bit sandy but they rolled true and quick. Good thing the price includes cart because it's a long drive around in neighborhoods but goes by quick. I played in the middle of the day on Thurs. and didn't have to wait at all! 3 hour round and played one of the best I have ever. Great value and everyone there was nice, bring cash because no ATM. Would def recommend and play there again!
5	Great place to have lunch or a late breakfast. Reasonable prices and good food. The patio is especially nice when the weather is cool. Highly recommend!
3	Nice, easy course but beware: you can reserve a threesome to find out that an old man will be your fourth, and he wants to date you.  He proudly boasts that he only paid $20 when you and your peers paid $65/pp. Yickes!
1	Iv accompanied my husband to almost all the golf courses in Phx and since past 1 year have nt been playing due to my fracture  . I have never been charged for just riding in the cart b4 but this place charged us 18 bucks .. What a money making trick!!!
1	Came to the Silverado grille at about 430pm  in the afternoon and restaurant.com and yelp both wrote that they were open at this time but apparently they say close at 4pm. Leah the bartender/server was very nice and tried to accommodate me but the cook Zack was unhelpful. Even though I said that I drove all the way over here,  he still wouldn't cook anything at all. Very disappointing. Will not be back.
5	We're not golfers, but it was a beautiful day for a nice outdoor lunch with a view.  We were pleasantly surprised by the Silverado Grille.  We sat out on the patio where we had a great view of the golf course and fountain.  The food was great and Chuck was very friendly and accomodating as he took care of our order.  Had a great time with my wife and will definitely return!
4	Nice course, price was a little high, would have thought GPS would have been included.  Very kid friendly, and other golfers were friendly to my two boys, ages 5 and 7.  I love to play kid friendly courses and this course actually has kid t boxes!  They thought that was way cool!Gentleman working the register wasn't as polite as the starters.
5	Good bang for your buck. Some interesting holes with elevated tees and course was in good shape. High handicappers can have fun here and play easily under 4 hours. No range but definitely worth the money.
2	SLOW PLAY- played there twice this week and never saw a ranger. Fridays round took 5 hours and 20 minutes and we only got 17 holes in. Played Sunday and expected a slow round but not another 5 he ordeal. Never saw a ranger and it seems slow play is the norm. Course is fun and open enough to be forgiving
4	I just finished playing here. This was 7th time ever playing golf. To call my game bad would be a compliment. Having said all that this is a really beautiful course. Some par 5s that were over 500 yards.  Had some challenging par 4s and even the par 3s had sand and water come into play (hole 18).  The fairways were wide open and helped someone like me because I didn't have to worry about not hitting them perfectly straight. The price was great only $19 plus tax for a 18 holes plus cart. No driving range which is fine because I just wanted to go out and play. I got through 18 in 3 hours. The staff was really friendly and loaded my clubs into the cart and cleaned the clubs. They even gave an ice cold towel after playing, which helped since it was 106 today (moderate for summer in Scottsdale).  Also they have coolers for free and will fill it with ice at the bar. If you want a great value and beautiful and maintained course go play here even if you are a beginner like me.
2	This course is fine to play, however we have experienced two issues that need mentioning.  First, one of our foursome recently had his first ever hole in one here at Silverado.  After the round, we mentioned the feat in the pro shop - and you could have heard a pin drop.  No fanfare whatsoever.  Other courses generally offer to take the information down for publicity purposes - or at least offer hearty congrats - but not here.  Second, I recently attempted to make a reservation using a 2-rounds-of-golf certificate I had won at a local golf tournament.  The head pro answered my call to the course, and advised me that the course was closed for two weeks for overseeding.  My certificate expired in one week, so I asked if he could honor it right after the course reopened.  You guessed the answer .  .  . . . . ."No."So it will be a long thime before my shadow again graces this particular course.
5	I'm from Pennsylvania, and not a particularly good golfer, but while I was in Scottsdale I wanted to try out their courses. I chose Silverado only because it was relatively close to the hotel where I was staying.I needed to rent clubs and was expecting a well-used set, which would have been fine.  Instead the clubs they gave me were a matching set of almost new Taylormades.  Great clubs! The starters were very polite and helpful and thoroughly explained the course to me.I was invited to join threesomes which were regulars to the course. Actually the one gentleman, Lanny, was a part owner of the course (and a very nice guy).  The course is beautifully designed and maintained course.  The course was fairly open, but still very challenging. I found my golfing experience at Silverado to be very enjoyable.My wife later joined me in the grille for lunch.  I had a Rueben while she had a salad.  Both were delicious and very reasonably priced.
4	Beautiful course with a reasonable mix of Pars. I only made it to the 15 before it became too dark. Though it was busy, I wouldn't say it was overbooked. I would definitely go again. This time of year it gets really cold towards sunset on this course, bring a sweater!
