5	I started going here on and off about eight years ago. The pizza is the best, but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well. It's bar food at its very best. Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too! There's often bands on the weekends, and the occasional lesbian after bowling league get together, but not angry, man-hating, shemales. Quite a few different groups of people get together for good beer, food and music at reasonable prices.
4	Grade: B Slow to no service - no big deal. Great, inexpensive food. Warning: Do not make eye contact with the angry trustfund hippies lurking about here. Enjoy!
5	Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss, but at least they have some.  However, my favorite reason to go here is it serves the coldest tap beer ever!!!
4	Pretty cool neighborhood bar that's a lot more than just a bar.  I mean, at dinnertime on Friday night there were families eating here with lots of kids.  That's kind of weird to me.  First, I wouldn't think it would be appropriate to take young kids to a bar.  Second, I don't really want to be around kids when I go to a bar.  But everyone seemed to be perfectly happy with it, so that makes me the odd man out.  We had burgers, and they were pretty good.  The menu had all the usual pub grub, and they also make pizzas.  Many people were eating them, but we didn't try it, so, shrug.  We also had cheese curds.  They were, well, cheese curds... (I'm sorry, I'm not a huge fan, so I can't tell the quality).  One weird thing was that you had to go up to the side of the bar to place your order.  This made it confusing how to leave a tip.  On the table, or with the person you placed the order with?  Overall, we enjoyed it here, but we probably wouldn't come back during dinner hour, as the atmosphere was a bit weird for us.
4	I just want to mention that we came back on a Sunday afternoon at around 8:30.  We ordered burgers and cheese curds.  They tasted a lot like burgers and cheese curds.  I also don't think the prices are that great on further reflection.  6 dollars for a stinkin cheeseburger?  That's not great...  3 dollars for a pabst?  But the place was kid free this time.  That's nice.  I would give higher ratings, but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the "board."  Unpleasant.
4	Harmony, I blame you for my insatiable craving for a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips and a Spotted Cow.Oh.My.God. Fantastic!!!Harmony is also great as a local hang out with the neighborhood guys and gals. Super comfy atmosphere, live music, & clean bathrooms.All very good.
5	The Harmony - or the Har Bar as my friends call it, is always an inviting and friendly place to have a beer.  It's a neighborhood bar in the truest sense of the word, locals walk and bike to the place which is situated in one of the greatest areas of Madison.  The food is really nice, an up-scaled bar menu.  The signature dish, the "Walnut Burger" is truly fantastic.  Forget about it as a meat-alternative, this burger is a unique creation all its own that will make you have desperate cravings.  The space is large, divided in two, one half the main bar area and the other a large space with family-style tables where groups gather and bands sometimes play at night.  Here you will find the livers of the pure Madison lifestyle celebrating their lives.  These people are happy and they might just make you happy too.
5	The hubby and I always default to Harmony Bar when we have a craving for a good burger and a local brew (even before noon). My favorite is the blue burger-a burger smothed in blue cheese and all the traditional toppings. The pizzas are worth waiting for-check on the days and times they'll make a pizza for you.As always a smoke free environment is worth driving to Madison for.
3	I'm not a local, which means I don't really understand the appeal of the Harmony. Hot chips and dip? I'll eat 'em, but they're not the stuff dreams are made of. Old-school cafeteria-style tables? Dim lighting, rickety tables and chairs? Kids (like, aged 6 and under) running wild and telling my group of adults to stop swearing? Guess I'm just a snob. On the plus side, gin & tonics were $3 each on a Friday night.
5	Oh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!  I never miss a chance to grab a walnut burger and hot chips when I'm back in town.  This is just a wonderful neighborhood bar.  The food is still "bar" food but it's quality, tasty and made fresh to order.  The pizza is good, too.  Good beer selection and a truly local atmosphere.  The Harmony fits right into the vibe of the neighborhood.Oh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!
4	I like bars that are a little rough around the edges, but they don't usually have good food.  Harmony, on the other hand, manages to come through quite nicely in the food department.I had a walnut burger and an order of their potato chips which they apparently make fresh.  The burger was great.  Large but not too large, a little bit messy, and just the right amount of toppings.  The chips were great too... at first.  Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.  They're still good, just be warned that if you eat an entire thing of chips your heart might explode.
1	If I could give the Harmony less than one star, I would. I live in the Shenk-Atwood neighborhood, so I'm not writing as an outsider. I've been to the Harmony many times, but I'm finally done being abused by the notoriously unfriendly owner, bartenders and waitstaff at the Harmony. The Harmony is worse than Seinfeld's Soup Nazi because there's no irony or humor in being treated the way the employees here treat their customers. I won't get into specifics. I can only say that I take pride in my neighborhood. My wife and I frequent those establishments that understand that they are part of a community and treat their paying customers as such. The Harmony is a black mark on our neighborhood, and I am ashamed that unsuspecting visitors to the quaint east side should have to endure the abusive, disrespectful and generally unapologetic service at this establishment. If you scroll down you'll read other comments about the owner's girlfriend who is now manager. The last time I was in there with a group of friends, she couldn't have been more rude or insulting. When we all said we wouldn't be back, she merely shrugged her shoulders. If you're visiting the East Side, there are plenty of other places that serve great food with friendly service. Alchemy, Mickey's, Wilson's, The Weary Traveller all come to mind as places that will make you feel and taste the love on the East Side.  If you're a masochist, be sure to head on over The Harmony for your daily dose of abuse. You've been warned. You certainly won't catch me sitting at this bar ever again.
1	The unfriendly atmosphere at The Harmony Bar is its biggest failing.  At first I thought it was just sarcastic "Soup Nazi" humor, but soon realized that the prevalent hostile attitude there is genuine and that it trickles down from management to employees, customers, and even performers.  I've seen bar managers there either berate customers directly or berate the bartenders who then have to try very hard not to pass that negativity on to customers.Also, it's downright embarrassing to be an audience member there when the bar mistreats the band.  I once saw a Harmony bar manager preempt an encore performance by turning on the overhead lights, jumping up on the stage, and literally grabbing the mike from a performer to announce that the show's over and that everybody has to finish their drinks and leave.  I was floored.  It was the first time I'd ever seen anyone kick a band off the stage just because they wanted to close their bar early.  The kitchen staff works hard, and the food is decent.  Unfortunately, this is the only bar I've ever been to in Madison where I've been asked to pay for my dinner tab up front.  (There are lots of other bars that also don't take credit cards, but they still let you run a tab.) It made me wonder if they didn't trust me to close out my tab or if they were hoping my tip would be better prior to experiencing their poor service.In short, even on occasions when they book national acts, it's not worth going there if you're going to encounter hostility when you want something from the bar.  There are too many other fun places to go in Madison for anyone to have to put up with the miserable buzz killing atmosphere that prevails at The "Harmony".
4	Burgers are awesome whether you go walnut or regular. Prompt, attentive staff. Great beers on tap. No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself. It's good stuff.
4	This is where YELP gets odd - any idea the demographics for the other reviewers? As a neighborhood bar, yes you are expected to behave - and geez, not having easy tabs going and having to pay as you go may be a pain. But really?! there's a cash machine right next to the pool table. Do the owners have a right to close down when it's bar time, indeed. What a bunch of whinners!Drinks are served well and timely. Food is good. Better than good - hot, made to order, and fresh. Kids are expected to behave (and ours have been reminded as have we - good for all). Do we go there for yummy, fun times with friends, yes! Are we grateful a local, privately owned business maintains it's unique flavors. Yes! Cheers to the Harmony!
4	The Harmony grows on you. For a bar of its kind (neighborhood, slightly older demographics on the whole, cheapish), the food is great. I am addicted to the walnut burger with cheese. It is vegetarian and one of two or three dishes I'll really miss when I leave Madison. The chips and blue cheese dip are also awesome. I've tried many other dishes on the menu, and the Harmony is great about having fresh specials, many of which are vegetarian. They've all been good to great.I love sitting at the bar. This is a bar that no matter your gender, you can go and eat alone at and not feel odd or out of place. The bartenders (who function as servers) are neither overly friendly nor out of sight. They are attentive, but leave you appropriately alone while you are eating and drinking.Although I don't have kids, I am often with those who have them, and this is a great place to bring kids. They can run around the back room and on Fridays, you'll find lots of other kids. This is also a great place to watch sports events. The other week, I called up and asked if the bartenders would put the Tour de France on for me and a couple of friends, and he said yes and gave us free reign of the large-screen tv in the back.Oh yes--bring cash, although there is an ATM if you forget to.
5	The perfect place for the near-east side. Good to very good drinks (depending on the bar tender) and yummy pub food -- especially the walnut burger. It has a workaday feel, with a side of liberal politics and an accepting and welcoming attitude. Somehow it's not overpopulated with posers which makes it just about my favorite place in town.
1	I see that all the negative reviews for this business have been flagged. To those thinking of trying this establishment: READ THE FLAGGED REVIEWS. You will have a far more balanced and accurate assessment.
4	Attended Harmony bar to watch the Peoples Brothers Band.  The band was great and I was awarded 3rd place in their costume contest.  I ordered several drinks at this establishment and it was never clear to me what the beer selections were. Regardless, the bartenders seemed friendly enough and it was a fun place for a show.
1	Who is flagging down all the one-star reviews for The Harmony Bar? To anyone considering patronizing this establishment: read the flagged reviews.
3	I've had some decent experiences here throughout my life.  Many friends work there etc.  Good neighborhood spot.  Solid 7/10 bar food that won't blow your mind.  Some servers and bartenders are nicer than others.  Also this place has some good live music and is somewhat famous for blues acts.  It's a good place to go if you live in the hood but I would skip if if you are visiting.
5	I would go here all of the time when my boyfriend was at UW.  So good, smells like an old bar.  A real old fashioned wooden bar soaked in booze.  I love it.Has a pool table and most of all the 5 star rating is for the walnut burger.  I use to be a vegetarian and I would dream about eating that thing, better than meat any day of the week.I use to use to...  Good times :)
4	This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.
1	The service is absolutely horrible. The staff is rude and acts put out by your mere presence!
4	Ventured in to the Harmony to celebrate the closing of my new house; turns out it's located about 1.5 blocks from my new pad, so I have a feeling I'll be getting more familiar with The Harmony.What a cool place. Awesome bar, plenty of seating, live music (although with a cover charge...boo), great beer selection, and really solid food.I tried the classic cheeseburger; patties were hand-formed and cooked to a perfect medium. Cheese curds came from a bag, but were some of the better ones I've ever tried. The house-made pub chips were excellent.A small group of us ate and drank for a few hours; the total tab came to just over $60, which is an absolute bargain. Service was prompt and efficient, making for a great overall experience.I'll be back (a lot)!Oh, and check out the daily food specials - looks like they have some inventive and interesting options!
4	Great local place in the Atwood neighborhood. Pizzas are amazing, as are the pretzels. Keith and staff do a great job. Plenty of local brews on tap.
4	I'm truly a carnivore at heart, but the walnut burger at The Harmony is quite spectacular & totally unique - great flavor, great texture and totally satisfying. Paired with a side of hot chips & blue cheese dip, you've got a delicious and memorable meal.
5	The Harmony hours listed are dead wrong and they are open, not closed. Makes me wonder about the fact-checkers at yelp... do they have any?
4	This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.
5	This is one of those places that you  feel welcome and relaxed as soon as you get there. I enjoy the food, the walnut burger was super different and interesting, and although I prefer the beef it was fun to try something different.The rest of the food was as good as bar food gets, but the staff and general feel of the bar (I love the old school jukebox!) makes it 5 stars for me.
5	First rate bar food, better than many restaurants and priced right. You cant go wrong. Under new ownership but this hasn't affected quality. Great blues bar too.
3	Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating.
1	Beer selection is ok. Good room for seeing bands - sound was great. However, majority of the male staff here is unapologetically rude & disrespectful. Aging sports neanderthals that could care less that you're there.  Don't waste your time - spend your money at Mickey's Tavern or Crystal Corner instead.
4	I've been to the Harmony several times before, but last night was the first time I've been there for live music, and also the first time I tried their famed Walnut Burger.First, you should know that the Harmony is indeed a bar. If you go expecting an upscale "gastro-pub" experience of chic bar food, then you will be disappointed. There are no waiters, and you seat yourself. You order food and drinks at the bar, and  a food runner brings out your order when it's ready. Its got a dive bar atmosphere, and the interior is pretty run down. After fighting for a table due to the crowd that was rapidly accumulating in anticipation of that evening's band, my friends and I perused the menu. It contains primarily stereotypical bar food (burgers, fries, onion rings, etc), but there are a few exceptions. There are several vegetarian options, including veggie nachos, so if you're a non meat eater, you would probably find lots of things to order at The Harmony. Most notably, The Harmony offers a walnut burger. I'm told they're famous for it, so I ordered the walnut burger with blue cheese and a side of homemade potato chips with "Bleu Cheese Dip". (What can I say, I really, really love Blue Cheese!) It took awhile for the food to come out, so we drank beer while we waited. Our table of about 10 people ordered 3 pitchers to share. I am not sure what all of them were, but in honor of the WI bar experience, I stuck to PBR. It was as good as PBR can be.Onto the food: The blue cheese walnut burger came topped with a creamy blue cheese sauce in addition to blue cheese crumbles, rather than plain blue cheese crumbles like I had been anticipating. It also came with onion, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. The lettuce and tomato were exceptionally fresh and ripe looking. I was really impressed, especially by the tomato (it was actually red!). I bit into it and was immediately transported to blue cheese heaven. It was fantastic. I will qualify this praise with the statement that the reason I loved this burger so much was largely a result of the copious blue cheese flavor. I am not sure the walnut burger itself was why it tasted so great. The chips were also awesome. They arrived piping hot. Some were crunchy and others were chewier. It was clear that they were made to order. The Bleu Cheese Dip they came with was similar to what came on my burger, and as a result, was amazing. We ate as the band played and just reveled in how fun the whole experience was. By the way, the band was great! It was a Rockabilly group called The Fast Clydes. If you like that style of music, I couldn't recommend them more. They had a ton of energy and knew how to work the crowd. I had a blast. All this said, there are a few things that I think The Harmony could improve upon. First off, the tables in the main dining area are plastic. They're the exact same tables that you played beer pong on in college. I feel like The Harmony excels in spite of its dive bar atmosphere, and not necessarily because of it. Therefore, if they invested just a little bit of money to spruce up the interior, I think they would see a return. The Atwood area is still rocking that hippie vibe, for sure, but more and more, I am noticing newer and more upscale establishments. To me, that says that there's probably a market for it and the times, they are a changin'. Also, I don't mind ordering food and drinks at the bar. However, I think The Harmony would benefit from offering table service, at least during shows on Friday and Saturday night. I have only ever been to The Harmony with a group, and it sucks to have to walk away from the conversation to get another beer, a process which can take 10 or 15 minutes if it's crowded. All-in-all, these drawbacks are minor, and I'll be back at The Harmony many times this summer!
3	It's been nearly a year since I've become somewhat of a "regular" here, so it's probably time for an update.+ New ownership/management, effective sometime late last year+ Same 'ole Harmony - big bar, plenty of seating, plenty of televisions+ Decent tap list, ever-changing, although staples remain constant (Cow, PBR, Bells)+ Appetizers are where it's at here. Pub chips, curds, etc - all are very good- Specials are hit-or-miss; some are great, some are a bit less than great- Pizzas; I'm not a huge fan of them. Too much cheese, sweet sauce, and just not super stellar. Pricey, to boot.- Last visit was a bit funky, quite literally. It was quite sultry inside; as if the A/C wasn't on, or couldn't keep up. Then the Harmony's softball team arrived, fresh from an evening of playing... and the place started to funk-up, odor-wise. Adding insult to injury, the bar staff and kitchen became overwhelmed... I sort of agree with Chopper C's assessment of the male bartenders - they're quite surly and often seem very perterbed, especially when the place is busy like it was earlier this week. + Pub chips were great, as usual+ Marinated salmon Cesar salad was good; salmon a bit over-cooked and grey, but still tasty+ Whitehouse Smoked Turkey sandwich was outstanding- Cash only- No Fish Fry on Fridays- Odd hours/conditions around pizza availability
5	The Walnut Burger w/ blue cheese and onion rings rock. Alaskan Amber to quench the hirst.
2	It's a slow, but steady slide... Trying to count the total number of times I've been into the Harmony is futile; Yelp shows I have 16 check-ins, but I'd venture a guess that I check-in maybe once for every 2-3 visits.Interacting with the bartenders, one would think each of my visits was my first. They don't seem to recall regulars, or if they do, they don't seem to care much. Not looking for any special treatment, but when I walk-in, sit down and say, "Hi, how's it going?" I'd hope for a bit of a reply other than a grunt or a "I'm so busy I couldn't possibly bother with a response" eye roll.Food is continuing to slide; had a cheeseburger with fried onions last night... the dry bun overwhelmed the small, overcooked burger. A mound of fried onions delivered almost no extra flavor. Removed the bun and ate the burger solo.Lake Louie Arena Premium is usually a fave of mine, but the one I had on Saturday (a few days earlier) tasted off - like the tap line was in need of a good cleaning.I also wasn't allowed to start a tab; it was pay-as-I-go... so, when I ordered food and a beer, I had to pay (and tip). Need a refill? Pay again. Ugh.There are so many great places in the area; I'll be visiting the other haunts. So sad.Pub chips, though... yum.
3	Bartenders and clientele not as bad as a fart. Food is good. If you're looking for random stimulating conversation though, stay home and talk to yourself.
