5	Love these guys!  Always great customer service and if I ever have a problem they send the magic pool man out, Rich.  That guy knows pools!  Thanks!
4	Not bad at all!I use them for the chemical service.  If you don't want to mess with any of the chemicals, but don't mind using a leaf skimmer and brush once in a while, these guys are for you.  My old pool guy used to charge $100/mo for pretty much the same thing. They will put chlorine tablets in your floater or do whatever it needs to maintain the proper chemical balance. I've been using them for the past three years and they seem to do a pretty good job. Good customer service as well.
1	I had these guys service my Mother's pool for about 2 years. The last year I lived there and continued using the service. Not once did I ever see them check the chemical levels in the pool. All he ever did was put chlorine tabs in the chlorinator. Then I got mustard algae big time in the pool. I found that strange since they serviced the pool every two weeks. But like I said, I never once saw them check the chemical levels. He would come and go so fast, I had to look out for him to be able to catch him and talk about the pool. Their solution for the mustard algae was to pour 12 gallons of chlorine in the pool, and that was the owner who came out. He never checked chemical levels either, he just poured in all that chlorine.I then had the pool guy change out the filters, which he did as a side job. He charged me 315.00 to do that.  I cancelled the service after that and decided to take care of it on my own. The chemical levels were so off that they didn't even register. (Muriatic acid and soda ash for low pH) But chlorine level was off the charts. I researched online about pool chemicals, and now test the chemicals every two weeks. (Like I thought they were doing...Not ! ) Forty bucks a month to put chlorine tabs in the chlorinator is a joke. If you currently have them servicing your pool, ask them what the chlorine, bromine, acid, and alkaline levels are in your pool. If they don't know, or make guesses, you'll realize their not doing the job their suppose to do. Having a chemical imbalance in your pool, is not good for swimmers at all. Don't assume. Better yet get a test kit and check your pool chemical levels yourself. If there right, then their doing their job, If not....sayonara.
