4	First to review!Well, this is the new business in the old Krispy Kreme spot.  I was excited when I saw something new was opening and couldn't wait to try it out with my 2 daughters who both love Asian food.  We decided to stop by for dinner tonight since it just opened either today or yesterday.Let's start with the Pros:1. Friendly staff2. Delicious food!My daughters both ordered the children's orange chicken with white rice ($5.99 each)  Their dinner was a perfect portion size for them each with lots of chicken and other vegetables.  The chicken was really good, not the overly deep fried stuff you get from the other Asian place over on 27th Drive near Mountainside.  (That place has more fried coating than it does actual chicken).  They both loved their meals.I ordered Chicken Lo Mei (soft noodles) for $7.99.  It was delicious as well!  I normally order Kung Pao Chicken with rice, but I'm glad I decided to try something new today.  I would definitely order it again.And now the cons:1. I know this is dumb, but I have a huge pet peeve about businesses that have grammatical or spelling mistakes.  It just looks unprofessional.  And hand written signs, too.  They had a sign inside that said, "Please wait for seatting."2. I think it's a bit overpriced/expensive.It's tiny inside and I think I was expecting more of a take-out place.  There are only 8 tables inside so I really wouldn't think of this as a sit down restaurant.  But their prices are comparable to PF Changs (from their website)PF Chang's Lettuce Wraps $7.95Hong Kong's Lettuce Wraps $7.99PF Chang's Kids Sweet & Sour Chicken $4.95Hong Kong's Kids Sweet & Sour Chicken $5.99Some of their other main dishes are about $2-$3 cheaper than PF Changs.  I would say the majority of Hong Kong's dishes range from $9-$12 each.There is a huge difference in the decor/ambiance of going to dinner at Changs or coming here.  Don't get me wrong, the food is yummy, I just was a little surprised by their prices.I would definitely come here again.  However, with the prices as high as they are, I wouldn't come here often.
3	Got take out Sweet and Sour Chicken and Kung Pao Shrimp.  Asked for side of hot chili sauce, didn't get it. Hubby didn't have nearly enough sweet and sour sauce for chicken and it was very greasy and runny. The chicken is PROCESSED. They charged extra for brown rice. I ordered the Shrimp Kung Pao for 11.99 and asked to add chicken (I could have just gotten another dish that had all the same ingredients for 11.99 but she still charged my 2.00 extra for that). For two meals ended up costing over 40 dollars. Nothing extra. For processed chicken. Shrimp was good. Good vegetables. Probably will not be back, though, even if it is 5 minutes from our house. If they delivered, I might when desperate. (and BTW, doesn't anyone deliver anymore? Not in North Phoenix, I guess?)
4	Take out service was very fast. Jumbo (not really!) shrimp with mixed vegetables, spicy, was simply fantastic. The transformation of this establishment from donut shop to coffee shop to a sit down restaurant is incredible. The atmosphere is pleasant and looks to be very comfortable. I can't wait to bring the family back for a meal.
2	Pros:* Food was brought very quickly* Food was wet but the backstroke was unnecessary* Clean* Smells good* No television!Cons:Buddha's delight was the exact same, uninspired mixture of vegetables as our Cashew Chicken and Pepper Beef.  Tons of giant pieces of green pepper and tons of giant pieces of onion.  And tiny pieces of celery.  And no mushrooms!  What duh?  Whatever happened to Chinese vegetables, like snow peas, bamboo shoots, or bok choy?  Granted, the Cashew Chicken did indeed include water chestnuts but, as another reviewer mentioned, the chicken is PROCESSED.  Gross.  The pepper beef was in a typically banal, salty, dark brown sauce.  I used to seek out Chinese restaurants because they were the go-to place for "clean" food.  But the menu here exemplifies how far such places have degraded.  Of all the dozen or so chicken options, only one was not deep fried or breaded but actually stir fried.  Same goes with the Beef section, just one such option. Unimpressed.  Now that they are past their bumpy start, I will take my business back across Carefree Highway to Tao Kitchen #2 or Shanghai in Anthem.  Both are better quality.  (By the way, Sesame Inn is the best Chinese in the Desert Foothills.)Footnote:  Just like plastic bags in grocery stores, I know it has now become commonplace for take-out to be handed over in styrofoam, clam shell boxes.  Hong Kong Asian Cuisine is no exception.  I spurn such boxes for a number of reasons:1) The absence of traditional Chinese takeout boxes degrades the specialness of the Chinese experience.2) Clamshells leak, a lot.3) If you don't want leakage in your vehicle you must ask for a crinkly plastic bag. So then you have leakage in the bag and therefore on the back of your hands upon removal.4) Styrofoam is not recyclable.5) Despite my best efforts, sliding food out of the container onto a plate is always, always a messy experience.6) The inside top of the box accumulates condensation which, inevitably, runs over my hands.7) They communicate to me that the owners are concerned with cutting corners.
2	Friendly hostess.The price doesn't constitute the quality.  Drop the price 20% and this place will rock.  Price point can increase return customer base and loyalty.  If I don't say Wow after paying my bill (to go) and then say Wow after eating, then I'll just be the once or twice a year customer.I agree with the other review that the containers leak.  Easy on the sauce please.I will try again and see if I have a better experience.
2	I was really excited to try this new place since it's walking distance from home and there isn't a whole lot to choose from in the Tramonto community! I was sooo disappointed especially for the prices! My rice was chewy on the outside and crunchy in the middle. When I called and complained they didn't offer to refund my meal or even give me some sort of freebie or discount! For a new business I found this strange.They seem like the type of place that will close within the 1st year and re-open with a new name.
4	If you're an east-coast transplant looking for authentic Chinese food like they do back home, this is the only place in Phoenix you should go.  Delicious.  Not greasy, always hot and fast.  And it's the only place I've ever seen out here that does the boneless BBQ pork ribs like back home.  They are like candy they are so good!  And the pork fried rice is a huge portion, a meal in itself.This is a weekly stop for us.  (4 stars because the price is a little high).
1	Stopped for takeout today... service was fine, food was just OK, had teriyaki chicken that came with tons of veggies (not expected) and small portion of chix, watery non sweet sauce.  Lunch came with egg roll and wonton, both not so great, no mustard or sweet and sour came in the bag, asked for chili oil and got a large side of bland red colored oil and chili.  AS we were waiting asked for a cup of egg drop soup...she rang up $4.20, I nicely declined with holy cow.  She did apologize, I guess the solo egg drop is for two but she should have accomodated and sold me a single half price???  So, small portion lunch, barely ok flavor...its hard to mess up teriyaki chix, lunch takeout and large drink, 10 bucks.  Way too much cash for what I got...I am going back to Tao a mile north.
2	Not worth the $$$, way to expensive. Food was eh.
3	When they are fresh, the cream cheese puffs are awesome.  The kitchen in this restaurant is fast - almost too fast.  From order to carry out n my first trip was less than 10 minutes.  I expect that the rice is sitting around for a while, but prep and cooking seems as though it should be longer.  They are a bit heavy handed with the sauces.  The portion sizes are big enough to share and I think I would prefer slightly cheaper prices and slightly smaller dishes.  Then I'd likely order one more dish to share. But a kids meal, three egg rolls, cream cheese puffs and two dishes was around $40.    I will go there again, but this won't be a weekly stop for me.
2	My wife and I love to try different places to eat.  Went to this restaurant, and I have to say our first impression, we sat down and ordered hot tea.  Little did we know that there was many different types of hot teas that they have.  Another non Asian wait staff came over and informed us of this.  She was the best thing at this place.  Very helpful and extremely friendly.  The food however was so so.  Egg fu yung had hardly any taste at all the sizzling beef was tender but over all the price was very high and not worth that much for the food taste.
1	This place was awful. The only time I got a to go order they messed it up not once but 3 times. Simple order and I spent 30 minutes waiting for them to figure out Mongolian beef sweet and sour chicken and an appetizer. Then I got home to find no sweet and sour sauce. The food was mediocre at best. I decided the experience was bad enough I needed to join yelp and share...
4	From the outside it looks like a fast food Chinese place because of the logo, but don't make that stop you from giving HK Asian Cuisine a try. My first attempt was a friend had ordered take out, Orange chicken and Mongolian beef with fried rice. I loved all of it but the orange chicken really stood out for me. The Orange Chicken was REALLY,  REALLY good. I think their Orange Chicken is better than PF Chang's.. I've ordered take out twice since my friend introduced me and I plan to be a regular. I wish they delivered.
4	Ok, so I finally tried this place out. I was craving Chinese food and I just wasn't in a mindset to drive down to Phoenix for it. The Egg Foo Yung had salt pockets, which tells me they didn't mix the batter enough before frying it. They were huge however, and FULL of flavor; crisp on the outside, perfectly moist in the middle. The gravy needed a little work and a little less cornstarch.The Orange Chicken had a nice spicy-sweet sauce and was great.The fried rice reminded me of getting House Special fried rice in Chinatown, USA. Perfectly fried up, you could tell they did it the proper way by using cold white rice. On a side note, so many restaurants just use hot rice to make fried rice and it really gets gummy and nasty.The cashew chicken was delicious. Sweet and salty, the sauce was perfect, the fresh veggies in it were perfect, and the chicken was tender. For the four dishes it was 40 bucks. A lot of people are saying this place is too expensive, but I disagree. Ten bucks an entree tends to be the tipping point between bad and good Chinese food. I was impressed with fresh veggies, properly cooked ingredients, and moist chicken.Service was great for my to go order, however they were packed, and in the 5 minutes I was there saw two tables get up to flag down a waitress. It's my thought that the only Chinese food you go and do sit down at is PF Changs and a hole in the wall in a urban Chinatown like Seattle, DC, or NYC. Everything else has gotta be take out! Try it out - you'll be impressed!
2	Went for take out and was very disappointed.  Every dish tasted as though a salt shaker fell into the wok.  Extremely greasy too.  First time I ever threw Chinese food away after only a few bites.  Oh, nearly forgot...the fried rice was crunchy old.  Someday we will get good Chinese food in the far north valley.
1	Food was blah, service was... weird.We asked for a plate of broccoli for my 6 year old. Pretty simple request, right? "We can't do that."  I said, "I assure you, you can. You have steamed broccoli, and you have plates. You just go back in the kitchen and put some steamed broccoli on a plate and bring it out." He went to ask in the kitchen, and after a lot of yelling in Chinese, came out and confirmed that they could not do that. Wow. Really?
3	So, DH and I were heading home from auto-hiking on Castle Hot Springs Road and we were wanting some Chinese.  Except, there's none in Cave Creek/Carefree worth eating.  But we had stopped at Home Depot in Anthem and we see the sign for Hong Kong Asian and thought---hey!I don't know why people are complaining about the pricing.  It was right on par with the Chinese restaurants in our old hometown.  I ordered the Pan Fried Noodles and DH went for the Kung Pao Chicken.  I also added the egg roll and cream cheese wonton to my meal and we ordered a hot and sour soup to share.Okay, the soup was maybe a dollar more for the same quantity.  And at our old place, for 3.95 you could combo up to an eggroll AND soup.  But I have noticed that AZ restaurants are really stingy on their "add-ons".You know, it wasn't bad.  Not fabulous, but it was the first *real* Chinese we have had in a year.  There was plenty of beef, pork, chicken and shrimp in my nicely sauced noodles---they don't skimp on the proteins----and lots of tender/crisp veggies.  Same for DH's Kung Pao.  The egg roll had a crisp exterior, but the inside was bland and mushy.  The cream cheese wonton was tasty---I could have munched many of those.  The hot and sour soup lacked a depth of flavor that I was accustomed to at our old fave.I have to agree, though, it was salty.  Not so much that it was inedible, but after the first bite, I removed my rings because I knew there was some finger-swelling in my future.  But frankly, we overlooked that in our pleasure of *real* Chinese for the first time in a long time!  I wonder if you can ask them to pull back on the salt?  Or if they even read these comments and can tweak the kitchen on their own?We took our meals home, but the restaurant looked quite clean, though the decor was nothing to get excited about.  About half the tables were full and there was a steady stream of folks picking up their carry-out.  The guy at the counter was polite, if not warm and fuzzy.Oh---and quantity---we each got two meals out of our containers.  I think that's reasonable.Because of the salt, I probably would have gone with a 2.5 star rating, but you know how Yelp is.  Whole numbers only.We'll be back.  It's 14 miles from our Cave Creek home to Hong Kong Asian, but our previous home was eleven miles from town and Chinese, so....  The joys of country living.  :)
2	I've eaten here a couple times so far and have had the same rude customer service each time. The women that work here have no customer service skills. The food is inconsistent. I ordered the orange chicken and it was stale with way too much sauce. I give them 2 stars.
4	Listen, I dig this place. I like the food, the service, and the prices. I'm not sure what people are expecting but this is a mom and pop Chinese place in Arizona...it certainly satisfies my occasional Chinese food craving. Sit down, order a Tsingtao and some egg drop soup, then enjoy your meal. Get the Kung Pao Delicacies and you'll be happy.
1	This place is horrriiibbbblllleee. The egg drop soup seems to be poisoned by this yellow acid that kills the flavor of the egg drop soup. My mom ordered lo mein (vegetarian) and it was so salty. It was as if they poured Salt into the food. My dad ordered kung pao shrimp and just terrible.  I cannot believe this restaurant exists and the service is not even great.
4	Not sure why they have so many bad reviews! We did take out and the orange chicken was great. Pot stickers steamed or fried were great! Everything in the order was correct and packaged well.
5	This place is clean and delicious! The server was nice as well. I ordered the wonton soup for lunch. It was so yummy! Not too salty, and the vegetables were tender and crisp - not overcooked. It was more than with the price. I would definitely recommend this place! Thanks for lunch! :)
2	Opened where the Krispy Kreme donut shop used to be, it's a little disappointing for a Chinese restaurant. Most of the food seemed disgusting, with a waiter basically bringing out a noodle soup that consisted of a bowl of warm water, and a block of dry, packaged noodles. The waiter then just placed the block of dry noodles in, and left, without stirring or anything. The chicken was decent though, and I think it was the Kung-Pao chicken that was the best.The service was adequate, but truthfully, hard to judge, since they did what was necessary to get out food, pay the bills, etc. but never had a conversation with us. I wouldn't say they were rude, or distant, but they weren't that friendly with the customers.Overall, this place was disappointing in it's ability to deliver good food, and the service wasn't too friendly as well.
5	Orange chicken, it's amazing! Nice atmosphere, great service!Also,  Chinese beer " tsing Tao" don't miss that when you went there!Recommend!
4	My husband and I ordered the special dinner for two which included soup, appetizers, two entrees and rice.  The egg drop soup was good, the appetizer platter was so much food but by the time we finished it, we were too full to eat our dinners other than just taste them. We got teriyaki chicken and kung pao chicken and both were very good, although we wished the teriyaki glaze would have been thicker. The ingredients in the entrees were very fresh and nice. Service was courteous and prompt, as was the food. We got to go boxes and have enough food left over for lunch tomorrow. We will definitely go back there again the next time we are in the mood for Asian food.
