2	The guy Doug who works here and is a management trainee is a complete jerk. I came in to rent a car because my car was in the shop for repairs from a car accident. I literally just stood there for a half an hour while he fumbled his way through my insurance claim information (which I told to him at least three times), and then he had the gall to answer the phone in the middle of our transaction, have a conversation with another customer on the phone instead of putting him on hold, and then tell me that the person was a "big client of theirs." He basically insinuated that I was not at all important and that the other customer's needs came first, despite the fact that I was standing right in front of him. The only reason I'm giving this location two stars instead of one is because the other employees were okay. This Doug guy has absolutely NO business being a manager or even a management trainee. He has no idea how to treat customers, and even after all the time he spent going through my paperwork, he still managed to get my insurance claim number wrong. I will never choose to do business with this Enterprise location again.
5	Went to see about finding a used car in our price range. Daniel helped us and was very professional and nice. He checked out the inventory online and unfortunately they did not have what we were looking for. The cool thing wad that he was still willing to show us around the lot and maintained a friendly attitude with us.If you want a nice, used car and your budget is 11k+ then go here. You will not be pressured into anything. They don't even try to check your credit unless you want them to. More dealerships need to be this hassle free.
5	I was covered by an insurance policy for a rental while my truck was repaired after a collision.  Even though the insurance company dragged their feet on permitting me to rent a larger vehicle than a car (I requested a truck because I have been in a rollover before), the representatives here did not hesitate to do everything they could to make sure that I was behind the wheel of the right vehicle, while still covered under the policy.  I can't imagine how dangerous or stressful this week would have been if I had been stuck in some tiny car, so I am incredibly glad that they were there to help.
2	I was going to a wedding in Peoria, AZ and picked this rental place for its close proximity to the hotel. I also learned that rental places at airports are more expensive, so I was trying to avoid snags. They did warn me on the phone that they close at noon on Saturday. I really only needed the car on Friday. When I got to the store, I looked for the drop box. They didn't have one. They also did not open until 9am. I have used enterprise many times in many cities, and have even just left keys with hotels!  So this was inconvenient. They said it was that they need to check each car as it comes in. When I returned the car, I pointed out the wear and tear on the interior. The passenger seat was stained. The car had 30k miles on it. High for a rental. When I told Tyler, the manager in training, my concerns, he came up with "cars were damaged overnight when we had a drop box ad we had to hold the renters responsible". I said, get cameras. I was then driven the short drive back to my hotel in the car I returned sitting on the dirty passenger seat. He wanted to get rid of me. Fair enough, I wasn't the happiest customer to say the least. But his driving was scary!  Enterprise, please return the drop boxes and allow you customers to leave their car at their hotel whenever reasonable and possible. I also think this was an isolated incident and should not reflect Enterprise as a whole. Namaste
5	These guys were awesome! I had a time sensitive issue with a broken down car, and they were able to take care of me extremely quickly and efficiently. Awesome service, and the best Enterprise location that I have felt with!
3	The good: the car we rented was awesome. It was a 2013 Kia Forte and drove like a champ. It was perfect for our short trip to California and wasn't a gas hog. The manager of the location was very friendly and had the patience of a saint. No complaints about him.The bad: I got to the location to get the car and waited almost an hour after being "checked in" to actually grab the keys and go. They were short staffed and took care of everyone walking through the door to get everyone "checked in" instead of completely finishing with one customer at a time. When we did the walk around it was very rushed - there was no explanation of their offered insurance (although I wouldn't have bought it anyway).Similarly when I brought the car back, it took a good 30-45 minutes to just hand them the keys so I could leave. There needs to be more people staffed at this location for sure. They were all friendly but all very rushed and apparently exhausted.
4	I like Enterprise and this location is literally within walking distance from my office. I can see their parking lot from the front of my office. So it is very convenient. It was especially convenient when my car took a small vacation and I needed a car for a few days. I called them up and at first they were sold out but if I could come by right before closing they were getting some returns. That worked for me.I walked in right after I got off work at five and walked over there. Told them my name and they had a car for me. 2014 Toyota Corolla. Pretty nice car and it had wheels, doors and an engine so it worked for me. It was last minute and they didn't have a lot of cars because everyone is in town for spring training so the price was a little higher than usual but I was in a bind.All in all it wasn't that bad. They were very nice and got me in and out very quickly. They even gave me a ride home when I returned the car. Of course I live right across the street so it wasn't that far. I will go here again. I have rented here before and the rate was cheaper. So hopefully the next time I need a car it won't be so bad either. I like this company compared to others because they are very nice and don't seem as shady or look as run down as some other places. You don't get the creeps when you walk in the door.
