3	did i really get the FTR here? it's been open forever! this really is a consistently good panda, as far as panda express goes. stay away from anything chicken that isn't made with breast meat. i like the string bean chicken and the beijing beef. g likes the beef with broccoli, but sometimes they're a little chintzy on the beef. the "crab" puffs definitely aren't made with crab, but they're delicious little cream cheese filled, calorie laden, fried balls of goodness. service is friendly all the time and the price is right for a quick grab and go lunch. for my low carb diet, a panda bowl with steamed veggies instead of rice or chow mein and string bean chicken is filling and tasty. you're not getting the highest quality food, but you know you're getting something decent. 3 stars.
3	Three stars because im drunk and yelp says "A-ok" which is funny to me and realistic because its A-OK!  Mainly because if your drinking and you have a designated driver Panda is great, otherwise your obese and have problem with blatter control! BAM I SAID IT!  And these bastards shut down Chop-Chop which was still crap but slightly better but either way this food is what is making us obese because apparently parents let kids eat anything, which is why I was fat, thanks mom, F u fast food. . . yeah ill have some crab puffs
3	Need to have staff scheduled more effectively.For example, the people in front of us placed a HUGE to go order.There were three people covering the floor, and I just think it would have been more effective if another employee could take the next customer in line instead of have them decompose a few hundred lightyears behind the ppl with a mega to-go order.Orange chicken at this place was dry, lacking sauce, and way too crunchy with a slight hint of burn.Sweet Fire Chicken (?) was pretty good though. Seasoning, sauce, freshness, and texture felt just right.
4	Very good but not that different from any other Panda..... But i love Panda Express so its easy for me to five 4 stars
3	A-OK... for a place that has people who are very clearly not asian speaking with an asian accent.That was kind of weird actually.  But no issues with service or anything and it's clean.
4	OK, I don't consider Panda to be authentic Asian. I don't consider Taco Bell Mexican food either, but sometimes, I like to indulge in both. I used to be a frequent visitor of Panda but kinda cut back just due to trying to eat healthier. But I found myself stopping in at this location the other day and was please that they started offering steamed veggies instead of rice, even though they are probably drowning in butter, I was glad that they had some other option. I think they have always had the veggies, but it counted as an item, not a side. I may be wrong on both either way, Orange chicken = Crazy Delicious!
5	Great management here. Sometimes the new employees at the register are confused with the promotions, but the management always helps them. Sometimes customers slow up the line, but that's no fault of the staff.  It would be nice when the line backs up because a server farther down the line is refilling an item, that the available person in the earlier part of the line helps serve the waiting people.
4	don't forget to do the receipt survey for a free item with meal purchase!
1	I have very little faith in chain restaurants.Panda Express lunch was really bad.Noodles - overcooked, choppy, wasted, flavorless.I chose a "Grilled Chicken" which was 70% chicken fat bits with a few pieces of some kind of breast or muscle like tissue.  Grilled steak something with some vegetable was leather.Its just not good.Fact is there ain't nothing good to eat in 85027 unfortunately.
4	Best not to be in a hurry if there's a line.  It doesn't move very fast.  Sometimes people who don't know what they want hold up the line. That's when they should have the next person pass that person in line.Food is good. Sometimes they leave the overcooked old food too long in the pans and want to serve it rather than throw it out.  That needs improving.Sometimes portions are small, or the meat/vegetable dishes they give you mostly vegetables and not enough meat.
5	It's Panda. Not as fresh food, they cook more when it runs out, but it meets my expectations so they get 5 stars.Fill out the survey on the back of the receipt to get a free item on your next visit.I bought the $25 gift cards around Christmas time and got the free 2 item meal. nice deal for sure.
1	Useta eat here once in a while. Was below average, which surprised me since the area is a bunch of wanna be snobs. But last time I got food poisoning. Will not be goin back.
4	The one we grab a quick and tasty takeout is on Cactus/75th Ave. Generally prefer not to sit in because we're usually in a rush. The service is always quick and courteous if you know what you want, which we do.Food is also pretty tasty and the portions are adequate. Generally speaking I prefer to eat in an authentic Chinese buffet or restaurant, but when we're in a rush it'll do just fine. Lee Lee's is in the same complex and we get stuff there to add in to Panda's offerings. Like to be creative when it comes to food whether I'm fixing or bagging.
1	This Panda is close to home, but has the poorest quality of the half a dozen or so Panda's I've been to. I really wanted some Panda so I gave it another try at this location and received an all time low with no shrimp in the surf & turf and really hot orange chicken on over cooked noodles (rubber).
1	Sad. This chain used to be god for quick decent food. Now the last three tries they were horrible. That orange chicken used to be great but now it's all breading. Other dishes just lacking in quality and I felt ill after eating there. I think they just went cheap in ingredients. They need to re tool and fast.
2	This is a good restaurant for quick Chinese. Today the kids were rather disappointed because the orange chicken was cold and didn't have much sauce. We come here often and this was a rather lackluster visit. I hope it will be better next time.
1	My review is not for the food but for the bad customer service I received today at this location.We go rather often to this location and never encountered any particular problem. But this evening, we had the most awful, terrible customer experience that it is worth mentioning. We almost left without completing our order and definitely will not go back to this location.There was 2 young girls. I guess they were new. I can understand that it may be overwhelming to be new. But being nasty, arrogant and heinous with customers is just unacceptable in my book.  The manager (also new I think) did not do anything to help.
