5	Hands down the best wedding photographer in Vegas and beyond!!  Having John there was one of the best parts of the day and the pictures came out FANTASTIC!!  The work is so far from run of the mill and my wife and I love the work.  Altf is worth every penny.
5	There aren't enough words to describe how amazing and talented John and Dalisa are! Not only does their work speak volumes about their creativity and ability to bring out the best in what/whomever they photograph - they have the amazing ability to make you feel as if you are their only client!  The personal attention you get as a client is amazing and very special.We were lucky enough to hire them for our wedding in California and they were such an integral part of our weekend! I absolutely love our wedding (and engagement) photos and had an incredibly hard time whittling down our favorite photos into two beautiful photo albums which to me are like works of art (not because of us - but them of course!)  If you get an opportunity to work with AltF you couldn't imagine not having them as part of your special occasion!  They are the nicest, most professional team you will meet.  Thanks again guys!! XOXO
5	None better! Plain and simple...truly an artist here.
5	There aren't enough stars in this rating scale to give John and Dalisa of Altf an accurate review.  I fell in love with their work when they shot the weddings of two of my best friends.  When I got engaged and started planning my wedding, I knew there was no one else who could do the job.  To make things more interesting, my husband and I planned our wedding in the Bahamas.  It was never a question - we were flying John and Dalisa out to document the weekend.  Our wedding was very intimate with only our closest friends and family.  John and Dalisa are so laid back that they fit right in.  The engagement and wedding shots they took that weekend are beyond words.  The work, and the fun, didn't stop there.  We met with them a couple of times after to review shots and edit our album.  Both times over Champagne...even though we were miles apart.  They are very special people who just happen to do AMAZING work.  Every time I look through my album, it takes me right back.  I have continued to stay in touch and follow their work.I would recommend them to anyone!
5	We love AltF (John Michael Cooper & Dalisa Cooper).  My husband and I worked with them on two separate occasions (once for our wedding in 2010 and then for concept photography work in 2011).  I love their creativity; they are true artists.  Not only that but they're kind, profesional, courteous, and down right rad.  I love them because they're NOT my mother's wedding photographers!  I'd recommend them above any other photographer.
5	John and Dalisa are talented creatives who continuously evolve to stay passionate and provide the best photography art available!  They are not only talented but deeply care about their clients and intuitive about their needs. I received great artistic shots for my modeling portfolio as well as sweet, beautifully captured images of my precious newborn baby.  Your wedding, your maternity shoot, the first week of your baby's life, can only be captured once. Altf is the right choice.
5	AltF ROCKS!! Unparalleled in photography industry! John Michael and Dalisa Cooper are phenomenal. They are amazing people with true talent and we are now honored to call them our friends. You will never get pictures like these from any other photographer. Truly unique and inspiring!
