4	Although I was having fun traveling, and in love with Edinburgh, I couldn't shake the emptiness that I felt. It had been several weeks since I left the west coast of California and therefore just that much time since I had enjoyed a burrito...or even a taco.  I could feel the absence of Mexican food and it weighed upon me.Then, one evening, as I glanced out of the window from where we were staying, I noticed the "Viva Mexico" sign.  "Mexican food...in Scotland? Get the [insert expletive here] out!" I exclaimed. I was sure it was merely travel weariness playing tricks upon me. So, we went the next evening to check out what I was sure would prove a mirage.The "Viva Mexico" experience did not disappoint.  The price at first was shocking for thanks to geography, I'm accustomed to getting superb Mexican food at bargain-basement prices.  The food was was in retrospect, acceptable, but at the time the fact that it was Mexican food (extra star!) made it taste as if each dish were sprinkled with magic.  We ordered a tomato-based tortilla soup, quesadillas (they call them quesadas and in their defense, they were big), Sonora style-refried beans, and they special made some potato-chickpea flautas.  We topped these off with freshly made margaritas.  The dinner was expensive but the atmosphere was lively and the staff was both sweet and accommodating.  And, it instantly cured my culinary case of homesickness. TIP: If you go, sit in the back.  You'll get a glorious view overlooking Waverley bridge.
4	Located on the very interesting Cockburn Street just next to the Royal Mile, this Mexican Restaurant was a pleasant and refreshing surprise. It offers a very good lunch deal offering Sopa del Dia(a type of bean soup) with a main of  Burritos or Chimichanga or Tacos Del Pollo or Enchiladas with a choice of chicken,beef,pork or vegetable fillings all for 5.50pounds! And the portions are very satisfying as well.Its a very colourful shop, with tall walls covered in mostly Zapatistas photographs. In the evenings, the downstairs room is available which is a little more cramped but a little more romantic if you get a window seat.(overlooking New Town). Book before hand for a Saturday night if you are a group. The staff are super friendly too.
5	There aren't a lot of places to get Mexican food, so when I find one, I like to try it, but am not usually wowed by it.  However, I love the chimichangas at Viva Mexico, especially with the carnitas.  This time around it was a little dry, but it was still full of flavor and delicious.  The beans are great, but the rice could use a little more flavor.  To start, try the chips and pico de gallo.  The pico de gallo has great flavor and be warned it is very spicy, but absolutely wonderful.  The margaritas are strong, and the cerveza is ice cold.I love the atmosphere, the staff are friendly, and every time I bring new friends, they love it!
5	BEST MEXICO FOOD IN ALL OF SCOTLAND!Okay you might ask why do I want Mexican Food in Scotland, anyway?I first went to Viva Mexico at the ripe age of 23 as a graduate student at the University of Edinburgh.  The original Viva Mexico was down a Close (walking corridor) very close to the current location on Cockburn Street, I remember how we used to finish up our studies and head out for some Mexican beer and nachos.I was in Edinburgh in August for the Edinburgh Festival to see Paco Pena's new Flamenco premiere, so I convinced my travel companions to join me on a trip down memory lane to an old-time favorite eatery.I'm not sure how to describe the food, except to say that if you have had stuffed nopales in Oaxaca or the street tacos in Cancun, you will appreciate when I say that this place is AUTHENTIC.  Not a Brit's idea of what Mexican food 'might taste like' if they didn't buy everything at Tesco, but instead an authentic, home made assortment of traditional Mexican food with moles and ranchero sauces when and where you expect them.A wonderful find, a wonderful opportunity to relive my school days, and very happy to see that the kids are now running the restaurant in its larger, more posh location.VIVA -- Viva Mexico!!!
5	This is the only place to get mexican food in Edinburgh, as far as I'm concerned! Yes, the place is decorated like a Tijuana gift shop, but everything was so delicious, I'm willing to overlook that.  There's a pretty standard selection of yum yums: nachos, tostadas, enchiladas, chimichangas, etc.  The bar also serves up a delicious frozen strawberry margarita in addition to several mexican beers.  If you're looking for tacos that consist of pita bread filled with rice (curse you, Chiquito!!) then this may not be the mexican food for you.  But if you hail from West Coast and would shoot a baby penguin for some decent guacamole, you're in luck!
4	I was really sceptical about coming here, but I was pleasantly surprised!  I have heard the worst things from my husband about Mexican food in Edinburgh, but I have been craving Mexican and talking about it for days.  After reading the reviews on yelp, we decided to try and it and we were both very happy with our meals.  We tried the ceviche, veg plato national, and a quesada with chickpeas and potatoes.  All were awesome.  I wish the food had been spicier, but compared to the other food in this city, it was awesome.We will definitely be going back when we have our next Mexican craving.
4	4.5 from me. As someone who has grown up on the Arizona/Mexico border, I would say I'm a pretty good judge of Mexican food, and Viva Mexico is pretty darn good considering how far from Mexico they are. I stumbled upon this place on a Friday night and had fairly low expectations (so far Mexican food in England has been dire). I was really presently surprised. The margaritas were delicious and authentic, the guacamole was fresh and the pico de gallo was very good. Had the fish tacos which were not quite the same as traditional baja fish tacos (different batter) but it came with a lovely chipotle sauce, cabbage and some very tasty refried beans. The restaurant itself was really cute. Very funky, fun Mexican decor with an eclectic mix of music. The staff was really friendly and the place had a fun, vibrant atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	I'll start off by saying that I'm an American with American standards when it comes to Mexican food. Add to that list that I'm also originally from Texas and half Mexican and boy does that make me a picky eater. :) I've yet to find any Mexican food in Scotland that has lived up to my standards but decided to give Viva Mexico a shot! My friend and I spent the day a few weeks ago in Edinburgh touring the Castle and taking in the sights. After passing a few random cafes that served the same ol' stuff, I noticed Viva Mexico and with slight suspicion, decided to take a look at their menu. Being vegetarian, we're usually put off by loads of meaty meals, but at quick glance, we noticed a wide variety of veggie offerings and decided to try it out. I was immediately happy to see the colourful flare the restaurant had with all Hispanic memorabilia. We were taken downstairs to the lounge area and handed menus. We ordered Sonoras and Nachos to start and then order a veggie burrito and chick pea and potato enchiladas for our mains. I was bummed when I forgot to order rice, because in my mind, if the rice is bad, there's no hope for any other food on the plate. It was to my surprise that my meal came with rice and it was DELISH. My friend and I were amazed at the fresh ingredients, the taste of spices in each bite and the quickness at which the food was served. To top that off, we ordered the Chili Chocolate Cheesecake! Let me just tell you that you HAVE to try this dessert. It was amazing and spicy....but not too spicy. It was a perfect combination of flavors and it was the perfect ending to an otherwise perfect Mexican meal in Scotland. Even though the train ride to Edinburgh is 13+ pounds one way, it's so worth it knowing that Viva Mexico is there to greet us!
4	Loved it. We showed up at Viva Mexico late on a busy Friday night and, despite being packed, the staff worked their magic and found us a table. They definitely could have saved themselves the trouble and sent us on our way, so it was very much appreciated. We ordered a pitcher of margaritas (yum). The glasses came pre-salted, so if you're not into salt with your margaritas, there's your heads up. Warn the waiter/waitress ahead of time. Or just stop being so picky!The food was great. I can't even remember what I ordered because I was so hungry and it was so good and who knows if I even chewed because it was gone in about 2 minutes. Thus, my only complaint is the portions sizes could be bigger.
3	I like this place.  We went there for a late dinner. We both ordered burritos one with the veggie filling and the other with potato and chickpea filling.  They both came with refried beans and rice.  The one with veggie filling was good, the potato chickpea one was totally yummy! The service was decent also.  I would eat here again
5	Boy, was this ever a welcome sight to a couple Americans sick of eating fish and chips.  We had a chicken and a shredded beef burrito, which came with refried beans and rice.  We also had a margarita on the rocks and a Corona, both of which were super.  The meal was filling although not as large as one you'd get in the US, but considering that most European portions are smaller, this was ample.  The walls are decorated with iconic Emilio Zapata posters, sombreros and the like.  The servers were friendly and helpful--2 ladies and 2 guys waited on us and brought us our food and drinks.  I'm amazed and grateful to find this place on a steep street in the middle of Edinborough.       Thanks to fellow Yelpers who helped us find and choose this nice place.
5	It was a rainy Saturday evening during the Fringe and we needed to find somewhere to eat. We phoned around a couple of places we had been before who all said they were fully booked or weren't taking bookings, you had to show up and wait for at least half an hour. I checked yelp and read the reviews for this place so decided it was worth a try. I'm so glad we did.When we arrived we were told that they would put us on the waiting list and we'd need to come back in half an hour as there wasn't room to wait - we pretty much expected this so went elsewhere for a drink and came back. The place was heaving (as I said - Saturday night during the Fringe) but we were seated as soon as we came back - the place is huge downstairs. Our order was taken quickly and within about ten minutes I was presented with an awesome veggie chimichanga and a small jug of frozen strawberry margarita with a gorgeous mojito and tostadas for the boyfriend. The margarita was lovely although not the best I've tasted but the food was gorgeous. It was a really good portion size (I'm pretty greedy) and we didn't need the salsa that we'd been given on arrival as the food was perfect. We were pretty full but as I have a second belly just for dessert I opted for the chocolate chili cheesecake. It was pretty rich and had just enough bite to slightly make the back of my throat burn a bit - lovely! The staff were friendly but obviously run off their feet and although it was pretty noisy there was a nice atmosphere. The decoration looks as though whenever the owners see anything slightly Mexican-looking they buy it and throw it in there. This means there's plenty to look at and the place feels really relaxed. We loved it so much we went back a few days later, my burrito was gorgeous as was the boyfriend's lemon cheesecake (which I had to test so I could review it obviously), If we didn't have a show to go to I'd have happily sat and had a few more jugs of margarita and don't think I'd have been ushered out. The only things I'd change is that they bring your drinks just after your food rather than when you're waiting for it and the jugs of margarita are quite expensive for the size.That said, this is now my favourite place in Edinburgh and I'll definitely be back next time we're there - I just wish they'd open one up in my home town!
4	It's been perhaps eight years since I last ate at a decent Mexican restaurant (and I'm certainly not including the overpriced and bland chain called Chiquito's!) and as soon as I looked on Yelp and noticed the reviews this place had received I developed a sudden craving for Mexican! It was almost 9pm when I arrived with my two young children, we had been watching Flawless and even though I had to sit at the front surrounded by teenage girls and a dance group that took every possible opportunity to show off their torsos my children decided to take the last pound of flesh from me by insisting on waiting an extra hour after the show had finished so they could get their autographs! Anyway, by 9pm we were all absolutely starving and we weren't disappointed.  The food was outstanding and made me wish I didn't live so far away as I would certainly like to come here again. I ordered the shredded beef burrito but if I were to come here again then I would arrive much earlier and be far more adventurous.  It would be great to order three courses to see how good this place really is and I have already decided that I'm definitely coming back next summer!
2	Hmm, it seems like this place can be a hit-or-miss type affair. All my previous times here are fond memories, but it has been over two years. Reading my previous review, it appears the food was great and I was a happy, spicy camper.I came here the other night with a friend all excited to relive those tasty memories. First major disappointment was my margarita. It came in a small tumbler (the type you get at school canteens) with rock salt around the rim in a very haphazard manner. It also wasnt a *great* margarita regardless of how it was presented and lack of good salt. My friend's sangria looked more exciting, with two tone white and dark red and lots of fruit. But I mean...it's a mexican restaurant, surely the margaritas should be served in margarita glasses!We skipped any starters, and I had the fish main dish served with the chillie sauce and came with rice. The presentation wasn't fantastic, but then I'm not one that rates this as the highest point. But it just felt a bit serving-by-numbers. The fish was nice, the sauce was nice, but the salad was only the really stringy bits of lettuce that are really thin and almost pointy and didn't really make eating them enjoyable. I wanted a good big leafy salad to go with the fish.My friend's main was similarly plated in a uninspired way. We both finished our mains. The mexican rice that came with it was a bit over salted. The sauce that was dolloped on top of my fish hid the fish entirely and looked a little messy. But we didn't complain per se.The table was also wobbly and as the waitress adjusted it she spilt our drinks everywhere, wetting the napkins, but didn't offer to clean this up or replace them. She was lovely and looked a bit harrassed and I am forgiving, but this was a nuisance.I just feel quite sorely disappointed that my memories of Viva Mexico weren't as good as I remember. Compared to other restaurants I've eaten in the city since, which had more exciting menus and *far* better margaritas, I can't see myself racing back here.
3	Whoa. I'm in love. But, I'm in love with a hooker and I can't afford to have her every night, or even once in a while. Only on special occassions really, and even then, I'm uncomfortable spending that much money. And that's Viva Mexico. When I arrived on Thanksgiving Day I wanted a special meal to remember all of the important historical American facts about Thanksgiving and I thought Mexican was a pretty decent cuisine to eat considering we annexed most of their country in the past and there's not much American Indian dining to be had in Scotland (or anywhere for that matter). Mexican it was. Oh and it was damn goooooood. It tasted like sweet, sweet colonozation. Sangria went right to my head. Beans and rice, cooked just right. Warm tortilla chips and a prawn/shrimp filled plate. I was full and happy... and then I ordered the Chili Cheesecake and I was having inappropriately romantic feelings toward Viva Mexico.Then I got the bill. And It was 80 dollars. That's 55 pounds. That's a f*cking lot for Mexican food, of any sort, even the best sort. It is, in effect, beans, rice, cheese, tortillas and ground meat (the guacamole and sour cream are extra). I know how much that stuff costs. And it's not visa prices for your staff because as I could see... there was only one Mexican guy (if he's even really Mexican, he just spoke Mexican Spanish). There were no gold specks in my food and they didn't give me a foot massage or even a hot menthol towel at the end... and if I am going to spend my student-y 55 pounds, I want orgasmic piles of food and three days worth of leftovers or some sort of Mariachi band and Spanish Fly. Here's a tip: Free tortilla chips and salsa are f*cking MANDATORY for a good Mexican food experience. I'm not talking take away burritos (that's a horse of a different color) but if my ass is going to sit down and spend 55 pounds - gimme free chips like they would in real Mexico (I think).
4	Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I was tipsy, and not just a little when I got here.It was a friends birthday, and she had too much wine, ... so ... I'm excused. But listen, I lived in California, L.A. to be exact, for a year AND my best friend is Mexican AND I dined at their grandparents ranch. So I know Mexican food, right? Not even close? Deal with it.I LOVED IT. But man, I'm with Steph D. on this, it is expensive. I won't compare it to regular U.S.A. prices since their food is ridiculously cheap, but no student can afford this more than once in a blue moon. Mains are above 10pound easy, and starters are around 6-7, with a drink, that's well above my weekly budget for going out.That being said, I had a killer Margarita here with rock salt, I know, I know, rock salt (forgive me Jenny!) but I love it so. I know it's bad and I'm trying to kick the habit, but it tastes so goooooood.Right, on to the refried beans: I want to bathe in them. Now it is a well-known fact that when I'm slightly tipsy, everything tastes good. But usually, I'm not much of a fan of refriend beans, but these little buggers just hugged my stomach until it felt so warm and fuzzy, I could've been a damn Telletubbie (sp?).Dear me, was it good. Oh do I want to go back, but not unless someone else is footing the bill, I can't afford it. So I think I'll just play matchstick girl outside for a while until someone takes pitty on me and gives me their leftovers. I've been practicing on my Puss-in-Boots sad-eyes.
4	viva mexico!  as a north american, i've had much better mexican food.  however, the decor is super fun, the staff is friendly, and the food is good.  the coronas weren't too outrageously priced, either.  yes, it's expensive compared to mexico or us prices, but compared to europe, it wasn't too bad ($35 for a burrito in switzerland).
4	I have been twice to Viva Mexico, once for lunch and once for dinner, and I loved it! The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is fun, the place is quirky with various rooms and near decorations, and (importantly!) the food is great! The mole enchiladas were especially fantastic and authentic, and at a great price for such a delicious sauce that is both difficult and time-consuming to make. We had them both times we came and also enjoyed the Plato Nacional variety platter of appetizers. It's rare to find such good Mexican food in the UK, and I love this place. I will be back!
3	Undecided between 4 and 3 finally I am giving a 3 stars. Somehow it failed to impress me and I have been to a number of mexican restaurants in several countries. I must say that the prices are high for mexican food and I am not used to that. The spiceness was not really rich and food was decent to quite good , but not special at all. I happened to see the cooks inside the kitchens and they were british-looking youngsters. The starters mix was pretty good buy costed 1 pound per small bite! The mains were nice, but half filled with salad (75% shredded letuce, and ocassionally a cucumber slice, peas, and cheap grocery things) Not even a piece of  jalapeno or a chili pepper. On the other hand, the steak and chicken were great and the sauces were very good (but not very spicy despite I ordered a medium not mild spiceness). The waiters and their service was excellent, and the Sangria pitches was very nice. The room (floor down) was smally giving a quite atmosphere and the lights were dim and golden. It was very comfortable and warm, so the experience was very good.All in all it is an OK Mexican restaurant, and you would get a mexican type of food, but it failed to impress me compared to the mexican restaurants I am used to. I would give it another try in the future.
5	OMG.Finally, the never ending quest for good mexican fare has ended. Viva Mexico reminds me of the California taquerias I miss. Although they do not dish out chips'n'salsa they do give out free salsa and its good. It's real good. It's like REAL homemade salsa that I have been craving for years.I ordered some nachos and they were good but the real killer was the 'Plato Nacional'. This dish was HUGE and had so many different things to try. Some lovely sonoras, quesadillas, chips, beans, rice,  a wee carnitas taco... really so many tasty bits and pieces. For our mains we ordered the flautas and Cabo style tacos. Yum. Really way too much food for us but that was no problem as we took home what we couldn't finish and had a delicious lunch of it the next day. Also would say the prices were really fair. The servers were very attentive and they don't charge for some of the extras which is a plus in my book. Definitely worth a shot and very baby friendly. My wee yin had a blast there!Also love the atmosphere. The decorations were cool and very authentic, reminded me of trips down to the beautiful country of Mexico.
4	Good Mexican spiceHmm, free salsa but no crisps?Is top in Scotland
4	not terrible!!
3	I was really excited to experience my first mexican restaurant as I have only had Tex Mex before. We were sat downstairs and I loved the colourful decor and pictures in Viva Mexico which I would give 5 stars to. Our several jugs of margaritas went down really well and although, there was quite a bit of ice in them watering them down, they hit the spot for me. The corn chips and dips to start with were great and I could really taste the freshness of the guacamole. For my main, I had Enchiladas de mole - shredded chicken in wraps with chocolate sauce, refried beans and mexican rice. I asked for cheese inside the wraps too - wasn't sure if it would go well with the chocolate but I really wanted cheese which they were happy to do. When my meal arrived there was a healthy spread of chocolate on top of my enchiladas and I was excited to try this out. However I'm glad I asked for cheese as I couldn't taste the chocolate at all - I expected a nutella kind of flavour. The chicken was moist and delicious but the tastiest thing on my plate ended up being the mexican rice. I'd need to try other Mexicans to know if this is how general Mexican flavouring goes. Overall the meal satisfed our hungry bellies however we felt it was quite pricey for what we had.
4	So I returned with a good friend of mine who is quite the Mexican food connoisseur. We ordered from the street food menu. Tacos all around. While they were good they weren't great. They are so far, the best I've had in Edinburgh.Some of the tacos were pretty great while others were lacking in flavor. The sopes were probably my favorite item. I am a real sucker for fresh handmade tortillas. Still a fan of Viva Mexico just trying to manage expectations at this point.
1	Aside from the refried beans and rice, our food tasted pretty bad, one dish even tasted exactly what I imagine a wet towel would taste like- GAG! We were seated in the basement and the service was pretty slow, not sure if they forgot us a few times. I ended up feeling quite sick from whatever I did intake - was not a fun experience at all.The table legs were uneven and the table surface was sticky - not a good look guys, not at all.
4	Pretty decent. The food was quite good - at least as good as you can hope for in a Mexican restaurant in Scotland.The interior was nice, they (of course) had plenty of Mexican beer, and the cocktails were good. Food was served fast, and the taste was ok.All in all; pretty good, but nothing mind-blowing.
5	Salsa verde, cilantro, pork crackling. You can't ask for anything better. Surprisingly dioecious authentic Mexican food. Excellent drink and food selection. Having grown up on Mexican food, this is certainly up to standard. Good ambiance, too.
4	Come to Edinburgh, enjoy the Mexican food.  Pretty good food. Ceviche, burritos, etc.  Excellent service.UPDATE: We stayed for dessert. The flan and the chocolate chili cheesecake were excellent.
4	Ordered soup for myself & the rest of my family had chimichangas & burritos   My husband also had ceviche. All very tasty. Our waiter Cameron was super- so accommodating & extremely friendly- LOVED him!  The 2 desserts we had- the flan & the chocolate chili cheesecake were AMAZING!!!  I HIGHLY recommend Viva Mexico!
5	I am a mexican and I loved the food!!! I had some tacos and the chicken with chipotle. The sauces were very good, the tacos alright. I love the deco but I wasn't thrilled with the rice. I thought it didn't tasted enough like mexican rice. I wanted to have flan but they were out of it :( Hope I will be back for some flan soon.
5	If you're craving good Mexican food during your European vacation, this is the spot.  Excellent salsa, both the hot and mild.  Very good nachos with good guacamole.  The cabo style fish tacos were a solid '8' and the chickpea potato enchiladas were a pleasant surprise.   Mexican owner married a scot and they run the place.
2	This place is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year and so it has to be a bit if an Edinburgh institution, right?Wrong! Despite being a nice enough looking Mexican in a great location, this place goes to support the theory that it's hard to find decent reliable food in the touristy vicinity of the royal mile.So disappointing to find both our shared starter of chicken nachos and our mains of pork burrito and chicken fajitas tasteless and honestly substandard to something I could have rustled up myself from an old El Paso dinner kit in the flavour stakes.The presentation was pretty (1 star) and the staff friendly & efficient (2 stars) and so the only ingredient missing was - well - the ingredients! Won't be returning!
4	Guacamole was ok, chips were a little thin in comparison to real Mexican chips. Calamari was fat and soft and did not become chewy quickly which was great and the burritos and chimichanga were amazing. Food display was also very well done. Would recommend main courses over starters and sides.
4	We had a lovely meal here on a busy Saturday night. Despite having two large groups in the service was quick and staff were very attentive to our party of 2.We started our meal with drinks, unfortunately their barman was off but they did their best to make my Mojito! We did also try Micheleda for the first time and would thoroughly recommend this beer based cocktail. My chicken tacos were delicious and came with rice and super tasty refried beans. My partner had a chimichanga which was also hit the spot. I think the only let down were the starters, the nachos felt a bit lacklustre so could perhaps do with some sour cream / guacamole so this is where the star was lost for me. Overall a delicious meal, great atmosphere and good value for money!
3	Decent Mexican Food and good for the price. Great location and staff were really good. Really great Horchata but the food was lacking a little. I found the burrito I ordered a little dry and the quality of beef in it wasn't great. It was just mince that was probably used for several other dishes. Would have like shredded beef that is standard in the states and a little more sauce and cheese. What is a burrito if it isn't indulgent? The starters were tasty albeit the crumbed calamari was most likely from the freezer. Really top chipotle mayonnaise!To sum up: Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food wasn't bad, would definitely go back for a cheap, quick eat.
