5	After reading The D's review (since writing this it's been removed)  of 99 Bottles, I just had to stop in and see if it was exactly how he described it. It was, and more. Located in the old Pizza Hut in Carnegie, 99 Bottles is another go to place for a mix and match six pack when I get parched. Upon walking in on my first visit, I was greeted by the owner, who was very friendly and inviting. I looked over his impressive wall of draught beer and decided on an (surprise) IPA. He had four I was familiar with, so I chose a Victory IPA I'd never had before. As we stood at the draught bar, we started talking and he was so proud of his new place. He has many ideas and plans on taking out a wall and building a patio with a smoker for the summer months. Smoked meat sandwiches and beer, that's a great combination!After finishing my Victory IPA, I went over to the display case and did a silent search, the owner watched as I searched, even asking me if he could help me, finally I saw it, like an oasis in the desert, a Flower Power IPA from Ithaca Beer Company. He said its one of his top sellers and I told him it's one of the best selling IPA's in the world of craft beer. Thirty brews on tap The place is a great beer emporium. Mix and match six packs or cases or just walk in,  grab a beer and go!
5	I stopped by here today with my girlfriend for a drink.  We had come here to buy a gift certificate for a friend and once we saw the wall full of beers we decided to stay.  Besides the wall of beer there is also a bar with 30 taps, an outdoor patio, games and a pretty nice seating area.  Their selection of beers is good and I would guess they have a couple hundred. The best part of the place for me was actual the customer service from Nick.  The door was opened for us, we were given recommendations, he thanked us and was genuinely pleasant and helpful.  Without him I would have given it four stars but he made it five.The bottom line for me is that I will be back again.  The selection was good and I would like to try some of their food, especially the ribs.
5	I love this friendly neighborhood bar. It's nice to stop in there at any time of the day or time of year. They have all the wonderful beers price pretty reasonably, the tap ones are a large list with a wall of beer in the fridge. It's a fun place to stop in after a long day of work, there are all sorts of people which makes it for a great atmosphere. 99 Bottles has it all, great beers, people, service, music, sports games, live entertainment at times, beautiful patio outside, etc.
5	In Pennsylvania where it's difficult to find bottled beer in small quantities, this place is a good find! They have a huge selection to fill your own 6 pack. They also have a good draught selection.
1	I love small independently owned places, so I thought I'd give this place a try.  I've had two experiences at this place within the year, both as a take-out patron.  The first time I was going out of town right after work and wanted to grab a few beers that were only distributed in PA.  So I went during my lunch hour (actually 45 minutes.)  I arrived around 12:05, but the place was closed.  Then another patron drove up and told me that "the guy" was coming.  About 15 minutes later, no one was there.  This is not really acceptable for a real business.  I left.On my second visit, I went after work.  The decor was sparse and disheveled.  I have no idea about the ownership, but it feels like a place pieced together by a son of a rich kid in his twenties, let's call it frat house shabby.Now, let's get to the beer selection.  You can find better beers at one of the worst Giant Eagle beer/cafe's.  I've been to many of them around the city and they are on par with this establishment and cheaper.  I asked the bartender if they had anything I was missing, they said they just received some Dogfish 120! Finally something good!    He told they were sold by the bottle.  He then forewarned me that the price was $20. He brought out a 12 oz bottle, I expected a 22oz at that price.  I never had a 120, so I wasn't sure of the size.  I bought it anyway, as I was going to Ohio where they can't sell this beer because of the alcohol content.  I figured it may be the going rate.  Since I felt unfulfilled with the selection, I stopped by the Giant Eagle in Cranberry.  Guess what? they had the same beer for $11.   Fantastic.  So overall, I'm not going to frequent this place again,  I'm not going to visit an establishment with higher prices and less than average selection.  The Mad Mex on Cochran has a much better selection of craft beers and you can get a growler to go.  Or visit the Bottle Shop on Washington Pike.
3	Went for a friend's birthday who LOVES beer and enjoys trying new ones. The selection of beers is huge (clearly, by the name). That's the one thing about this place that I really like. I like being able to try new things and mix up my six packs. Price wise I thought it was a little much considering we were in Carnegie but I guess you got to keep up with the costs of some of the more expensive beer. I wasn't a fan of the set-up of the place. It's definitely dingy and a little awkward. Picture and old diner transformed into a bar. It's not really as cool as it may seem. Didn't try the food but it didn't look that great.
5	I got 99 problems ... but finding a good brew and delicious food here ain't one of them!Looking for a beer? They have it. Looking for a sandwich filled with delicious mac 'n' cheese + bacon and deep fried? They got it. This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a gem once you get inside! I hear the wings are good, can't wait to try them. Definitely didn't think I'd hear Beck playing and see so many hipster glasses when I got inside, but it was a damn fine experience being there!You can get one of their beers on tap or go to the beaming case o' beers that shines on the place like a light from drunk heaven! You can also take a six pack to go. Can't wait to go back!
5	This may be the cleanest bar I've been to! Excellent selection of craft beers plus all the domestics for you simpletons.
5	Absolutely fabulous!!!  Must eat here!!
4	I just was back home in Carnegie on a visit and I was brought here by my cousin Marty. I went back one more time before leaving back to LA. This is a breath of fresh air to see come along in Carnegie. It feels like a young hangout opposed to just an ol' bar which is fine too but way too common around that town. I tried the chicken wings and I highly recommend them to anyone who comes here unless you don't like wings. These wings are smoked which I've never have had especially at a bar. Otherwise they have a great patio space and it's very roomy overall. I tried a delicious Java Vanilla Beer that was very smooth and not heavy as a stout but very tasty. Not something I expected for that flavor. Waitstaff seems good overall and friendly. Mostly a rock/alt mix on the jukebox which I'm fine with. If you live nearby I say go and try them out. Bring a group there to start the night off or end it. Great job 99 Bottles!
2	My first time here after passing this location a hundred times, I looked over the large beer  selection... Selected my first drink, excited to try something new. I cracked it open on the way to the register, and when I got there, was immediately chastised for opening my drink. Go if you want a good selection or drinks, but not if you want any customer service.
5	Great beer selection and the guys that work here are super nice. The wings are really good too. Pretty sure they have specials almost every night as well. Nice local place.
5	Stopped here for lunch one Friday afternoon and found it to be a great spot!   Food was great- I had the cod sandwich, others in my party had pulled pork, steak hoagie and the Stoney hoagie.   Fries were great too.  The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.     It's a very casual place so don't expect anything more.    Definitely worth the trip.
5	This place is pretty awesome.  Everything from the 90s music to the food and beer selection.They have 30 rotating taps and probably well over 99 different bottles.So far everything I've had on the menu is pretty good too.  I wasnt expecting much for the food after seeing the place but it was a pleasant surprise.    Food is good and portion sizes are plenty!If this place was in Robinson, Bocktown would have some very serious competition!!If you are in the area looking for something new, I highly advise giving 99 bottles a try!
5	One Friday night I did it, I decided to finally make the journey from the North Side of Pittsburgh, across rivers and bridges and through tunnels to visit the Carnegie area.  Why was I so afraid to take this drive?  It was only a 20 minute drive and 99 Bottles was my second stop. The amazing draft list drew me in.  And I like the atmosphere.  It has that dive bar feel but they have an awesome draft selection (highlights include several local and seasonal brews) along with some good food.  I ordered the Hibernator, a grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with mac n cheese and bacon then deep fried.  It usually comes with fries but I opted for the side salad.  For a side salad, I was impressed with the size and amount of veggies.  It wasn't a boring iceberg blend, this was a salad someone took pride in.  And that sandwich was a delicious way to soak up some of that beer.I thought the draft prices were more than reasonable.  Food prices were typical for bar food (I think my salad and sandwich came to around $10).  I must confess I have not really explored the actual bottles but again, it looks like a great selection.  Service has been outstanding.  On my last visit, the bartender remembered what my friend had been drinking the last time she was there.  Always a good sign.Did I mention they also fill growlers?  If you're interested, I'd check their website or give them a call because they have food and drink specials daily.  I've admitted the error of my ways and vow to return to 99 Bottles again and again.
