5	Wonderful Italian food, great steaks and my favorite stuffed banana peppers......young chef formerly of  Sarafino's restaurant, opening his own place in Lawrenceville. Prices are reasonable and they have a good selection of wine and beer, full service bar. My husband and I anxiously awaited Matt's new restaurant as we loved his dishes, and it did not disappoint. The restaurant is classy and very well done, the staff very attentive. My husband is very fussy about his steak and he said it melted in his mouth.....we will make the trip across town to Matteo's. It is a bit hard to spot on Butler Street- 3600 block, across from an old school, in the middle of the block. Parking was not too hard, just keep your eyes open after you start up Butler Street coming from downtown...
3	Perhaps they are still working out the kinks, the place has potential.  For dinner we ordered mussels, two pasta dishes and a bottle of wine for $100.  Overall the food was good, nothing spectacular.  We went on a Friday evening and with a full house, the place was pretty noisy such that my fiance felt like he was shouting at me.  We are really excited to have them in the neighborhood and hope they get everything worked out soon.So first, our orders were messed up, we got the wrong mussels (Horseradish instead of bacon blue cheese) and as it turns out, the Horseradish mussels were not good. I'm known to protect mussel broth from being cleared until every last bit is sopped up into crusty french bread, and this recipe allowed the bread to stay put in the basket.  When we asked about it because we tasted no bacon, the waiter said, "oh yes, that's right you did order the bacon ones.  Do you want that taken off your bill?"  Awkward....Second,   we ordered pasta dishes and the waiter made a point of recommending linguine, which was fine because pasta shapes weren't listed on the menu and we never would have thought of requesting a particular one.  What made this strange was that when we asked him about it when both our dishes came out wrong, he told us the kitchen was serving whatever pasta they could put out quickest and was that okay with us.  Oh, you linguine tease, you!So, to wrap up, nothing that can't be fixed and the place will be a great addition to the neighborhood.
2	We had to wait for a table so we decided to have drinks at the bar. The bartender seemed annoyed that we were sitting there drinking. When we got our table the waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu or the specials. When she was taking our order she kept having to go back and ask the chef what they still had and what things were. She didn't even seem to know what some of the different types of pasta were. Got the bruschetta which was really good. The fried calamari appetizer was very disappointing. It had no flavor. I actually asked the waitress for some balsamic and parm to pour on it which helped a little with flavor. The chicken parm was a big portion and I enjoyed it. The service was okay. The waitress was nice. The restaurant itself is nice. About 10 tables with a small bar. The one big problem is it is so loud. The restaurant was full, but I couldn't hear anything the waitress was saying. I could barely hear what the people I was eating with were saying. I know this place is new so it is still getting everything together. I would rather go down the street and eat at Piccolo Forno especially because it would be a little cheaper and taste a lot better. For the amount of money I spent and the amount of time I was there it wasn't worth it.
5	Go!! You wont be disappointed.  You must try the beans and greens and the bruschetta.   AMAZING!  The atmosphere is casual yet classy.  My husband and I have gone twice now and both experiences were great.  He is hooked on the White Scoglio pasta.  The first time we went, I tried the crab cakes, which were delicious!  Tonight I had the special which was salmon with a lemon dill sauce.  It was also fabulous!  This restaurant is a perfect addition to Lawrenceville.  It is our new favorite!
4	I would agree with the other reviewers that they are still working out the kinks on the front of the house. The place is a little noisy, but I was sitting next to my wife and I felt like the noise loud enough that others couldn't hear our conversation but not so loud that we couldn't talk to each other. There is a daily menu on the back wall and it offered lots of choices besides what is on the printed menu. What I really liked was that each course came out after we were finished with the previous course. It gave us enough time to enjoy the meal.But the important stuff is top notch. The food here is awesome. We started with BBQ Ribs and they had a nice char, sweet and spicy sauce and tons of meat. I used to go to La Cucina any time I was craving Vodka Rigatoni. This place is by far the best Vodka Rigatoni that I have ever tasted. The sauce is just a little bit spicy and it really separates this place from all others. The pancetta in the sauce was also nice and crispy even though it was soaked in vodka sauce. My wife had a daily special Cajun Crab Pasta which was also really good. I wish that I could say more about her dish, but I was too busy mopping up the vodka sauce with my bread. We will definitely be back. I might try something besides vodka rigatoni, but I doubt it. The vodka rigatoni is just that good.I really hope this place stays around for a long time because the food is awesome, the prices are reasonable, the wine selection and prices are good. If you want a dinner spot with a menu that leans towards Italian but still offers some Steak, Asian or Cajun dishes, has a nice wine list, brings out the courses with enough time to enjoy each course and still lets you walk out the door with most of your money, this is the place is for you.
4	My only real complaint was the rush-hour noise being let in, which spoiled the intimacy a bit. Other than that, I liked my Crab Campanelle. The Tripe With Toast Points was an interesting appetizer, something I'd never had before. The excellent sauce made it really good. The bread was wonderful as was the service. I don't remember having dessert. lol. I was too stuffed.
5	I live in Chicago, which many consider a foodie destination. I grew up around Pittsburgh, and much of my family lives there, so when I planned a visit for the end of April, I reserved Saturday night for dinner with my cousins. Matteo's is a neighborhood spot for one of the ladies, so we met there around 8:15 p.m. The space is cozy, and the large doors were open for the warm night, which gave us a nice al fresco experience. In Chi-town, people will eat in the middle of a freeway just to dine outside, so Butler Street (with its Art After Dark crowds) was a total upgrade.The noise was noticeable when we first sat down, but it was a packed house, after all. Our server told us noise absorbing panels had already been ordered for installation so I don't expect this challenge to continue.The wine list is great, with good variety and price points. One of my dining companions is dairy free and our server went to great lengths to ensure her entree of choice would meet her needs. I ordered an appetizer as an entree and he brought it out alongside my cousin's meals. You would be surprised how many servers screw that up. Our service was impeccable. My "beans 'n' greens" was literally the best I have ever had. Portions are generous which means another delicious meal tomorrow. Who's complaining?! I will be adding Matteo's to my list of Pittsburgh must-haves. Matteo's is in good company with La Tavola, the Shiloh Grill, and Primanti's. Buona Fortuna, Matteo's!
5	I moved here from Chicago and - despite the copious persons of Italian descent here in the 'Burgh, I had always been disappointed in the Italian food (with the exception of Stagioni). Matteo's has changed this for me.Sweet merciful crap. Everything about my experience here was lovely. The cocktail - the Cherry Lime Rickey - was sweet and tart and refreshing. My husband had the sangria (which he found enjoyable enough to have 2 glasses). The bread was crusty and soft and  - whoops, we ate the whole damn loaf. We started with the beans and greens with sausage. This appetizer is enormous - easily big enough for four people to share or to be someone's entree. We brought home the leftovers. I had the meatball stew and my husband had a (very large) salad. I was getting the feeling that I was going to be unable to eat a bite of my entree so I brought half of my soup home. It was savory and rich, with a lovely beefy flavor to the broth. The entrees arrived  - lamb ragu for my husband, BLT chicken pasta for me. My dish was bacon, chicken and spinach in a tomato cream sauce while my husband had a thick, tomato-based sauce made with lamb. Both were complex and delicious. Mine had a good smokiness from the bacon and the sauce was creamy without being heavy. The husband's was rich, but not in that 3-bites-and-I'm-done way. Fantastic server. Knowledgeable, pleasant, efficient.Bartender seemed friendly from our brief interaction.Lovely space.Watch out, Piccolo Forno....there's a new(ish) kid on the block who is doing it better than you.....
4	We stopped in for bloody mary's this afternoon, which were great and ended up sharing a margarita pizza that had a nice thin crust, good cheese consistency, and was very tasty.
5	I stopped by here this past Tuesday while on a food tour.  I have been by this place many times before and never really noticed it.  Blink and you are by it.  I would later find out from the owner Matt that the restaurant only opened in February of this year.  The inside of the restaurant probably seats about 40 people, has a chalkboard menu,  has a brick wall with exposed duct-work on one side and a nice bar on the other.Matt started us all off with some bruschetta. The bread was topped with a layer of goat cheese and then covered with tomatoes and a balsamic reduction. It was good and I enjoyed the reduction with the slight tartness of the cheese.  Next up was a penne dish that I believe was penne alla vodka.  The sauce was a nice pinkish-orange color and creamy and then had what I believe was pancetta in it.  It was soo good that I could not stop eating it and kept on taking a few spoonfuls whenever I noticed that no one else was eating.  Finally the last dish that we were served here was a dish that had sausage, white beans and peppers.  It was also terrific as the sausage had a nice spice to it and also was moist and juicy.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be heading back here in the future.  I loved both the ambiance of the space as well as all of the food that was served to us.  Due to that I can't wait to go back in and order off the menu for myself.
3	I can't whole heartedly share the enthusiasm of my fellow yelpers for this place, and, once again, it's execution of the menu that fell a little flat for me. I arrived solo during happy hour, so made myself comfy at the bar and ordered an appetizer. A handful of the appetizers are half price during happy hour. I had the beans and greens, which is one of my favorite Italian dishes. They offer theirs with a choice of shrimp or sausage, and I opted for shrimp. This dish is large enough to eat as an entree or share with a friend. The white beans were good, and the onions nicely caramelized, but the shrimp were tough and overcooked, and had been so egregiously covered with black pepper that it was all I tasted. They use banana peppers in this dish, and these were spicy enough to be bothersome, as the heat overpowered the other flavors in the dish. Not great. Some elements of this dish were very tasty, and it wasn't a complete failure, hence the three stars. It could be much better with some simple tweaks and a more practiced hand.A friend showed up while I was waiting for my food and bought me a glass of wine, which was nice. When I asked the bartender what they had for reds, she could only tell me varietals, and really had no idea what they were pouring. They push the specialties drink menu during happy hour, which is fine, but the staff here needs to study the wine list. Management, are you listening? Staff education time.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised with Matteo's. Who doesn't love Italian food? I mean, I'm 100% Italian*, I sure do (*I'm not... I'm 50%... but whatever). In my opinion, there's a tier system with Italian food. High: Your grandma's Italian cookingMedium: Italian restaurants that taste like your grandma's ItalianLow: Italian restaurants that make generic Italian that tastes like they just opened a bottle of Raggu and dumped it on some pasta. Gross: Olive GardenI love me some Alla Famiglia and consider this is in my top restaurants in Pittsburgh. I swear I thought the sauce tasted close to my Grandma's. YUM! But other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh don't really come close to that. They may be good, but just not there.While Matteo's wasn't necessarily like G-ma's, it was pretty darn good! I ordered one of the daily specials (out of the TEN they offered that day), the mussels diablo. I like that you can pick your noodles with your pasta entree. I also like the fact that they didn't scrimp on mussels, you got a ton. The spice factor was just right and really the whole dish was a win with tons of peppers and tomatoes. I did have a little bit of dish envy when I tried my friends pasta vodka... as I love vodka sauce. Solid sauce I'll say... that's my next order.The service wasn't bad like some of the other reviews have stated, but we were in on a slow lunch day, so I'd hope it wouldn't be bad. It was actually quite friendly. I also really love the interior. Dark wood and a really beautiful piece of framed art/tapestry that I wanted to steal! I could even imagine coming here for some apps and sitting at the bar one night.Honestly, because of the vodka sauce, I'm coming back, and soon!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I love Lawrenceville, and my uncle used to work in the building before they opened Matteo's.  Unfortunately, my husband and I probably will not dine here again.We made a reservation for a Saturday evening.  When we arrived, there was no hostess stand next to the door.  We thought that was odd, so we checked in with the bartender.  We then realized the hostess stand was a tiny stand in the middle of the restaurant, with no one standing there.  I didn't want to stand there waiting for someone right next to other diners at their tables. We got a drink at the bar (which took about 20 minutes), and then sat at our table after we flagged a hostess down. The whole process seemed disorganized, and the bartender made it clear that there was no front of the house management because the chef is the owner.  Huh?   I ordered the anti pasta salad for an appetizer and it was good. We both ordered pasta, and they were both just ok. Not worth the price paid.  The waitress was sub par.  I also thought the menu was typical and didn't offer anything unique. The restaurant itself is attractive.  However, I highly doubt I will return.
5	A fantastic new restaurant. We love it! Mussels and Black and Blue Steak are fabulous!!!
1	STAY AWAY!Our party of six arrived on time at 6:45 PM for our reservation. We ordered drinks and one of our attendees was served an improperly opened (cracked) bottle of beer which caused his lip to bleed. The evening went down hill from there. We ordered dinners and waited over an hour....... the salads never did arrive. "Joe" our waiter said that he complained to the kitchen twice and they told him not to bother them again with our order. After another 30 minutes we paid our bill and left. We will NEVER AGAIN go to this restaurant.
2	Went for dinner last night. Pretty good start - apps of bruschetta and beans and greens were excellent. The chicken BLT pasta dinner special was very good. Unfortunately, my husband's lamb ragu, while the taste was ok, he found a large metal shaving in his dish.  He informed our waitress who apologized for it but did not offer to do anything about it. We also noticed they didn't even discount the meal which doesn't seem like they really cared that much.  Water glass of friend we were with was cracked too.  Will, unfortunately, probably never go back - this behavior left a bad taste in our mouths.
5	Had the pleasure of dining at Matteo's for a private event. Atmosphere was cozy and inviting. The apps were wonderful. Beans and greens as well as the salads were full of flavor! However. My main course.... Was to die for! The pumpkin tortellini. Let me just say I have never had anything like it! We ended the evening with delicious Pettit fours. After meeting the chef and enjoying his wonderful creations this place instantly became a favorite!
2	Save your time. Don't waste your money. Make a better choice. It's a want to be. Acheivement not there. Execution not profound. A failure to deliver. Over all experience POOR! Just doesn't make the cut. There are other mom and pop places that do far better. Well below a finer dining experience. Just don't, there will be less disappointment!
5	Probably the best place to go for happy hour food in Pittsburgh (half off of all appetizers). We ordered one of everything and we were really impressed with the quality (please don't be like every other restaurant in Pittsburgh and start slipping on quality!). The stuffed portobellos and mussels are especially good. We went back a second time and ordered takeout but they forgot to include an entree... We don't even care.. we will definitely go back again.
4	First - Let's just clarify that my review is more of a 3.5 than a 4.  It wasn't bad.  Wasn't great.  It was just... dinner.Another night out with our Foodie Crew, but with a 60+ minute wait on a WEDNESDAY at Piccolo Forno, we were too hungry to wait.  So we searched Yelp for other options.  Matteo's seemed like a good choice for Italian food within walking distance.Walking in the place was ... strange.  The hostess station was in the middle of the room, between tables.  It made no sense.  No one was there to greet us.  We just kinda stood there.  The staff were too busy watching TV and talking to notice customers (they weren't busy with customers, obviously).  When we were sat, our waitress we over attentive.  You know, the kind that hands you the menu, walks away for a minute, and the returns to ask if you're ready?  It just wasn't as relaxing as we would have liked.  We felt rushed. For apps, we ordered Stuffed Portobello $14 - stuffed with crab and Gorgonzola.  Though tasty, for ONE Portobello mushroom cap, I felt this was a bit pricey... I guess the crab made it more expensive?  Our friends ordered the Bruschetta $9 which has a decent portion size and great flavor.  For apps, they won for price and portion.Next were our salads.  HOLY PORTIONS!  I mean WOW!!  Our house and Caesar salads ($7) were HUGE!!  I think they need to reevaluate these.  Seriously...Entrees were selected - I chose Chicken Parmesan $22 over penne which was HUGE.  I couldn't finish it.  I had 5 - not one, two, three, or even, four... FIVE PIECES OF CHICKEN on my plate.  Obviously I had leftovers.BF chose Chicken Marsala $22 which was as hot as LAVA!  Actually kind of flavorless, as well.  Very underwhelming, but huge.Veal Parmesan $22 was selected by Jake - aka Baby Cow Eater.  Poor Poor Baby Cow :(And the final entree selection was Pumpkin Tortellini (evening special) which was surprisingly a normal portion size and looked quite tasty.Though we didn't have much room left, our sweet tooth got the best of us.  We opted to split a Tiramisu and a Pumpkin Torte.  The tiramisu was okay.  The lady fingers needed to be soaked a bit more... it was a bit dry.  The torte was sweet, but not overly so.  It also needed moisture.The bill was a bit more than I expected.  I honestly would rather them cut the portion size down and trim the tab a bit.  I mean... the ONLY items I can say were reasonably portioned were the appetizers.  Everything else was just a bit ridiculous.  In the end, the food was okay.  Was it better than I can make at home (aka - does it warrant going out to dinner)?  Yes.  Would I return?  Probably not.  I just wasn't that impressed.  There was nothing to draw me in.  If it hadn't been for Piccolo Forno's 60+ minute wait, we probably would never ventured to Matteo's.
4	A good friend suggested Matteo's so, we headed there on a recent weekend. As usual, hubs and I were a few minutes behind so our dinning companions went ahead and ordered an appetizer while they waited. When I arrived, I was very surprised by the decor- trendy yet classy. Modern and open. I loved it. There were very few tables and a decent sized bar in the very back. Seemed a bit odd to have to walk past all of the diners to get a drink at the bar. This type/size of restaurant seems more suited for BYOB, in my opinion. Now onto the food.The greens and beans app arrived just as we joined the table. We gave it a try and were immediately impressed. As I enjoyed the complimentary flavors of the sausage, beans and spinach, I looked over the menu as well as the specials written on the chalk board at the back of the room. They had me at vodka sauce. Penne, vodka and prosciutto. I sipped on a glass of wine while anxiously waiting. If vodka sauce is on the menu, there's about 100% chance I will be trying it. That said, I've tried a number of vodka sauces all over the city. In all of my vodka experiences, I can confidently say this was one of my favorites. In addition to a bright, tangy and well balanced sauce, there were large chunks of prosciutto. It wasn't topped with small slices (or as I say, flakes) of prosciutto. No, no. There were thick, chunks mixed throughout. However, I still craved more meaty goodness so, I asked for a side of sausage. A few minutes later I was presented with sliced sausage on a bed of greens. The sausage seemed a bit spicier than what was in the greens and beans app but, ultimately very delicious.Overall, my experience at Matteo's was phenomenal . . . so far. Then it came time for the check. We asked for separate checks by couple (2 couples). There were a couple issues with the checks and it ended up taking us over half an hour to pay! Services had been a little slow all night but this was ridiculous. However, the food will definitely bring me back for round two. Hopefully the service improves before then.
1	The company was stellar.  And after 2 hours and 15 minutes of 'meh' everything else, I was still smiling. So, kudos to my fellow diners!  In hindsight, I'm surprised we were only there for 2 hours and 15 minutes, because it felt much longer.  What's tough about the layout of Matteo's is that there is NOwhere to go if your table isn't ready. There's no real host stand to speak of; and the rest of the restaurant is full of tables and a lovely bar with little room for anything or anyone else. When the weather outside is frightful, as it was this evening, you're screwed and have to spend however many minutes dodging servers and other patrons as you wait.  But moving on.  We were seated by a friendly hostess who opened with a list of accolades that Matteo's had recently received.  An odd opening, in my opinion, but after her illustrious description I figured we were in for a real treat.  A few minutes later our server arrived to take our drink orders.  A few more minutes later she arrived with waters.  A few more minutes later she returned with wine.  Lots of minutes involved here.  Then we ordered.  Our visit was during Restaurant Week, and I have taken that under careful consideration - I promise.  The 3-course menu looked delightful, and from it I selected Mussels Marinara, House Salad and Cod.  As we waited the restaurant filled quickly and the singular aisle became congested since there was simply nowhere to stand.  Some people left, some stayed.  That's neither here nor there.  We remained focused on anxiously awaiting our bread which, arrived several minutes later.  It was clearly right out of the oven, so the wait for that was understandable.  Many, many minutes later we received our first course.  The mussels - straight outta the Morgantown river - if there is such a river.  I adore mussels and I'm used to their texture, taste, etc.  These were BAD.  So fishy due to the lack of quality sauce, which was a can of tomato paste/sauce/whatever, if I were to guess.  Another "many minutes later" we received our second course; a passable house salad. Nothing fancy; nothing bad - no complaints here.  Our third course arrived sometime after the place mostly cleared out and both myself and one of my companions who ordered the same dish (cod) found it inedible.  Such a shame to such a brave fish.  Those cod; they just have Long John Silver's written all over'em. But, when done right, they can be the king of fish.  Not this cod.  This cod obviously had a rough life sitting under a pound of the aforementioned "sauce" for much too long and arrived tableside as pure mush.  I'll be honest - I thought I might just suck it up and say nothing.  It was getting late and I just wasn't in the mood to explain or ask for something else.  But one of our other dinner companions encouraged us to express our displeasure and she was right to do so.  Granted, this meal was a cool 20 bucks - a STEAL for a night out - but I'm pretty sure we overpaid by about $19, and so something had to be said.  The server offered something in its place, but the entree portion of the Restaurant Week menu was limited (understandable) and the other two options didn't appeal to me.  So, I took one of them home for my lucky man, who I'm sure will be THRILLED to throw it down once he reads this review. Actually, I took a bite and it was the best thing I'd had all night.  All things considered, I didn't feel much concern from the server about our collectively poor experience, but I was just happy to leave.  We were in such a rush to leave that I left my scarf and my friend left her phone. The server did walk the phone outside, which was a very nice thing to do.  Thank you.  In other news - there are far too many awesome place in L'Ville and beyond to waste my time returning to Matteo's.
2	I feel like I just finished a food marathon but not in a good way but in the way where you want to curl up in bed and forget about the whole experience.  A few friends and I spent 2 1/2 hours mostly waiting for a 3-course Pittsburgh Restaurant Week meal.  People, this is one portion of the 3 part meal every 50 minutes.  It was excruciating to say the least and while in the beginning (oh the first 1 1/2 hours) we attributed the extended wait times to the crowd coming for Restaurant week there seemed to be bigger issues at play, like for example the actual taste of the food or the general demeanor of our waitress (I think she hated us).It should not take so long to cook sub-par food and in a customer driven environment you probably should be somewhat apologetic about the extended wait time...or maybe even preface the meal by saying, "we're really busy tonight due to Restaurant week, we appreciate your patience as we prepare and bring out the food" or even a "hey, your food's going to take a long ass time, hope you didn't come in hungry"...I don't know just say SOMETHING, ignoring the issue doesn't make it go away.I ordered the blackened tuna, caesar salad and porcini pasta off the Restaurant Week menu.  The only way to describe the blackened tuna was stiff...it didn't seemed overcooked but it was just like these crostini type pieces with little flavor...the gorgonzola cheese and sun-dried tomatoes helped but couldn't save this dish from itself.  I was ok with the caesar salad although my friends informed me that caesar salad shouldn't have tomatoes or olives both of which this salad had, including the token anchovy atop romaine lettuce.  The porcini pasta was decent...I wasn't blown away but felt that it could have used a little something something.  It had a creamy marsala sauce that was a bit sweet and tangy and the the pasta was cooked well as in al dente...it just wasn't doing anything for me.  But at this point in the meal (2 hours later) I'm not sure if there was any food dish that could've redeemed the whole experience.   Why the generous 2 star rating you ask...I guess I'm hoping that the lackluster meal and service had more to do with Restaurant Week and that their regular menu on regular service days are much more pleasing.
2	I'm going to try and keep this review brief and to the point.It seems like Friday night may have been a bad night for a few people based upon the reviews here, not just myself and company.Rather than go into high-detail (as this has already been covered by a few other people and I agree 100%), I'll just start by saying the service was hands down the worst service at a restaurant that I have ever experienced. The server had zero personality, was snarky and seemed inconvenienced the entire time...not to mention, not a single person apologized for ANYTHING, even though we arrived at 8PM and left at almost 11PM. The saving grace for this place that night was that the food was actually phenomenal. It's a shame that the service (or lack thereof) overshadowed how delicious it was.I understand it was Restaurant Week in Pittsburgh and all the tables were full...busy, no doubt. But, if you can't support having all of your seats filled at one time, with most people ordering off of a fixed menu, then some back of house changes need to be made.For anyone who hasn't tried this place, I would not write it off because the food is spectacular. Maybe try it during the week when it's less busy. I'm undecided if I'll be back but it certainly will not be on a Friday or Saturday night
2	I want to write this very carefully. I came in for restaurant week, so I expected it to be bustling. From a previous experience I also expected it to be good, but it was not. We came on Friday and it was packed. I felt like our server and the kitchen seemed overwhelmed. We waited a good amount of time between our wine, receiving bread and our courses. Not that I mind staggering things, but especially the wine and bread should have been out quicker. The bread was fresh and piping hot, so that settled the rumbling stomachs once we got it.I ordered the special of mussels in tomato sauce, Ceasar salad and polenta crusted cod. The mussels were okay. I wasn't thrilled with the sauce, as it seemed a bit bland. The salad was totally fine. But the cod, inedible. Now I will say, I felt very badly about saying something, but I wasn't going to eat it. It was mushy and the tomato sauce also seemed to not be seasoned. I took one bite and was done. The server didn't seem to concerned, but did exchange my meal for the tortellini. While that was much better, the experience had already been ruined. I must admit, I was surprised that a manager didn't pop in to ask if everything was okay. Especially since two of our four meals had been sent back. I also saw the chef pop out twice and he also never said a word to us. I just thought it was strange. Was it my responsibility to tell the manager? Or was it the server? I don't know, but I felt awkward about the whole experience.
4	Awesome Italian food.  The chef was previously at Serafina's in Crafton - so if you liked that food - you will LOVE this place.  I try something different every time I go and have enjoyed all of it.  The grilled chicken salad, crabcake sandwich, pizza, and sausage lasagna (it was a special) are some of my many favorites!!!!
4	Four of us went to Matteo's on a Saturday night and they squeezed us in- really over the top of them considering how packed it was. We really enjoyed our dinner- the wine and beer selections were perfect for the restaurant and the food was great.Greens & beans were a must have.  I highly recommend trying them!!!
1	Please don't go here. Service and food were both bad. Completely overpriced.The service was horrible, the waitress brought out people's multiple courses in such a way that one person from our party had to eat alone at the end of the meal. She was also condescending.The restaurant advertised happy hour but we weren't informed until after ordering multiple drink and apps that only people sitting at the bar were 'eligible', felt like we were being tricked.Finally, the food was not tasty or consistent. Two people at the table order beans and greens and it might as well been two different dishes. One under seasoned and bland, the other so spicy it was inedible.
1	Really I'd give this place negative stars if I could. While out for a walk to enjoy spring's final arrival here in da 'burgh we stopped in for an afternoon snack. Being between the lunch and dinner rush there were only a few other diners. While I know they aren't fully staffed at 3:30 in the afternoon I still could find no excuse for the slow service.  This is Lawrenceville after all and you should expect a fair amount of foot traffic on a pretty day.  Obviously this wasn't taken into consideration when putting together the staff schedule. It was either that or our waitress was just really bad. We ordered the goat cheese bruschetta, the artisan cheese platter and 1 diet coke. First of all, that ain't goat cheese. At least not any goat cheese I've ever tasted. However given how much balsamic vinegar it was floating in my taste buds could have been confused.  Hint to the chef - buy a quality balsamic and then us it judiciously. This stuff tasted like the cheapest bottle of balsamic you can find at Shop ans Save.  The artisanal cheese plate was simply a joke. The first thing I noticed was the decorative strawberry that was obviously way, way past it's fresh date.  Another hint to the chef, if a strawberry is mushy and not the right color don't put it on my plate. I won't miss the decoration but I'll be dang sure to notice the spoiled berry sitting right in front of me.  I could maybe get past that if the cheese had been decent. There was supposed to be 3 cheeses and granted there were 3 small piles of cheeses plus a few slices of pepperoni. And yet more of that cheap tasting balsamic vinegar.  I know one of these cheeses was a smoked gouda but no guess on the other 2 piles.  The waitress never bothered to say what they were and I suspect it was the same cheese just cut in different shapes. I sure couldn't distinguish any difference in taste.  Artisanal this was not. I suspect it was a small serving from one of those big cheese  and meat trays they sell at any grocery store. All told our little afternoon snack cost $30 and it wasn't just underwhelming it bordered on inedible. Given all the truly wonderful restaurants in Lawrenceville I see absolutely no reason to waste your time or money on this place. We live in the neighborhood and  therefore dine often in the neighborhood. However I can promise you we will never cross Matteo's' threshold again.
5	Amazing food and a great atmosphere. It tasted like real Italian food. The grilled calamari was perfectly cooked, and the appetizers were all very well done.Oh, and their dipping sauce for the bread is amazing. Definitely recommended!
4	My husband and I stopped for lunch last Saturday, we were the only people in the whole place.  The waiter was so friendly. The bread and dip was amazing. We both ordered the chicken bacon sandwich with tortellini salad they was fantastic. The tortellini salad is such a nice change for a side option.  The lunch prices and sizes were perfect.  We felt perfectly full but not weighed down.  It would have been 5 stars if only they had a better outside area.
1	I have two words....Piccolo Forno.... Just down the street.They need to send their evening servers over to piccolo for lessons in service. Also, their wine list is horrible. Good luck.
2	I went here with a large group of friends and I have to say that the service was the worst experience I've had! The server was extremely rude to our party, impatient, and unprofessional. We laughed about it, of course, but shared it with the manager because otherwise we enjoyed the food. Because of this, it's unlikely that I'll visit the restaurant again. Hopefully their service has improved so they do well!
5	Couldn't of had a better meal.  So good in fact I have been back 4 more times, each as good or better than the last.  My wife and I have brought my parents, our neighbors, as well as my sister and her husband, and sister-in-law and her husband.  Everybody loved the food and the atmosphere.  I have tried a different dish each time I have went, and like I said I couldn't have asked for a better meal.  From the seafood to the pasta, and to the steaks, everything has been phenomenal.  I love blue cheese mussels, by the way.   Service was great at the bar and at the table, we even got the chance to meet the chef and owner, who also offered some suggestions on different bars and lounges around town to have a couple birthday drinks for my sister.  Oh and the tiramisu and rum cake were awesome as well.  For the quality of food and service the price is spot on, I plan on going back as often as possible.
3	Went on an apparently quiet night (Wednesday) with my wife. She got the Cappelletti and thought it was delicious. I got the Paesana, and while it was good, it wasn't awesome. The prices are a bit high and the menu is underwhelming. Staff was friendly, but then again there wasn't really anyone there. Good to try, but the other Italian place down the road is more bang for your buck.
3	I wish I could have liked the food.  The appetizer of grilled calamari was okay, it everything else that we had was just bland or didn't meet our expectations.  The decor of the plan was cute and the server was great but the food fell really short.
