4	New owners, new name, and a new menu. Friendly server and we enjoyed the rolls!If you were ever turned off by the previous regime, come back and give it another shot.
4	Went in for lunch takeout today. Amazing service and such a cute place! I was given a to go cup of iced water as I waited. Again, service was amazing! I ordered salmon sashimi and a spicy salmon roll. Sashimi was generous with 5 pieces!!!! Everything tasted fresh and was so good! By far one of the best sushi places I've tried in Phoenix. Prices were great too! I'll definitely be ordering lunch from here again, hopefully a sit-down! I recommend !
3	I ordered my usual (at most sushi restaurants I go to), spicy tuna and shrimp tempura rolls. Both tasted fine, but they were mostly filler, cucumber strips inside the spicy tuna roll 50/50 split and imitation crab inside the shrimp tempura roll. Plus it was $2 more for the lunch special than other restaurants. However they do offer soup and salad with the lunch portion which may justify the higher price.
5	I've been here three or four times now for lunch. Absolutely delicious!  Very good service, and a great atmosphere!We usually stop for a late lunch, so it has never been busy when we're there. They greet you promptly at the door. You have the option of a table or sitting at the bar. We enjoy sitting at the bar. You can watch as they prepare the sushi rolls. The inside is warm and inviting. It has an upscale look, but yet very relaxing. Every visit the service has been great! Our order taken promptly, refills on drinks and food prepared in a reasonable amount of time.So far, we've had the Lunch Bento, Bento C, summer rolls, and several of the sushi rolls. Everything was fresh and delicious! They have a lunch menu with quite a few lunch specials and a happy hour menu that starts late afternoon. This has become one of our new favorite lunch places!!
5	I went there last night with my wife and we were not expecting much of this place, but to our surprise, it was probably the best sushi that we never had. The ingredients were so fresh and the rice was just perfect ( which is to me the most important part of any sushi )As soon as we walked in, the chef and the servers welcome us very cordially. We also appreciate that the tables were well spaced. We were able to enjoy our intimacy, as well as the delicious food...we will be back for sure and more then once !See you soon guys !!!
4	I didn't try the sushi here yet so my review is only on the menu food.This Asian Bistro offers something different than what most of the other Asian Bistros offer in this immediate area offer. This Asian Bistro actually offers TASTY Flavorful Food and isn't the "Old White People from Sun City BLAND style" that most nearby places offer.The menu is sort of Pan Asian and besides Japanese Food they offer Korean Style Foods and Other Asian Style Food like Pad Thai. The prices are reasonable and some of the portions are very large.We started with a Hamachi Kama (Grilled Yellowtail Collar $7.45) The portion was gigantic. We shared some and have enough leftover for TWO lunches. The fish seemed fresh and was good.I had the dish called Korean Spicy with Chicken. It was a stir fry made with egg white noodles, vegetables, chicken in a flavorful, easy to handle spicy sauce. I thought it was very tasty but I can go for more heat. It was maybe LESS than a 5 out of ten on the Thai Scale for spicy heat.My husband had the Yakiniku. It was a very similar beef stir fry dish but was served with rice instead of noodles. It tasted very similar but the beef was a little chewy.Tasty FLAVORFUL Asian Food with a little heat in the area WOOHOO!
2	It was ok, but not really worth going to considering all of the better Asian / Sushi restaurants in the area.  Our server also smelled HEAVILY of cigarette smoke - not exactly and appetizing scent.  The sushi was ok, as was the seaweed salad.  The Pad Thai though was not very good.  Honestly, this is a place you are safe skipping out on!
4	Formerly known as "M sushi", Eastwind has some pretty solid offerings of the raw fish variety. Service was solid and the atmosphere and decor top the average stripmall sushi place.Unless you like things very spicy and extremely capital H capital O capital T, order the honey wings to start off with, because the hot wings ain't no joke! I like it hot & this made me uncomfortable. These were food challenge order of intensity hot wings. Adam Richman should be eating these on the Travel Channel.I was quickly able to cool down the fire in my grill with the tuna sashimi. Cool. Tender. Amazing. Kudos to whoever does the buying at the seafood market because the tuna was melt-in-your-mouth good. Just the right amount of bite to it and the flavor was outstanding. It was also a really large portion for only six dollars.The crunch roll and spicy scallop roll - also pretty great. So was the yellowtail roll with scallions. Salmon skin hand roll...I'll skip it next time due to too much nori overwhelming the rest of the ingredients. No doubt I'll be back here the next time I want a sake bomb and some sashimi.
5	The rolls were great! And very large and filling. We had spicy tuna, booty booty, and the crazy horse. All were amazing. We went the day after Christmas so it was pretty empty so our servers gave us a lot of attention. Will definitely be back.
