3	Drive thru super slow, not enough food for the money
4	My first time EVER at El Pollo Loco and I didn't know what this place was even all about. Discovered all the grilling and sizzling chicken thighs after I ordered my burrito and a side salad.I was a little annoyed by myself for not looking down but just looking up on the menu. Loved the salsa bar though and the traditional chicken burrito that I got was pretty good too. Staff was very friendly and polite. Will definitely go back to have the real stuff.
4	Love the grilled chicken.  You can walk in and see the grill covered in chicken and see and smell the flavors in the air.  You can buy combinations plates or by the piece. My husband and I enjoy getting an 8 piece with sides, and love those tortillas.  The condiments bar has fresh cilantro and two types of sauces.  Really like the food.
3	Is there a way to insult the great culture and food of Mexico any more than just the existence of Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, and Del Taco already have? Why yes, there is. The chocolate nachos at El Pollo Loco. And yet, I have given it 3 stars, because it is marshmallow and chocolate syrup and served to me in my car and I am weak. I understand that I deserve your judgment, but try to forgive me. It's marshmallow sauce in the car for under $3.00.
4	Great chicken thats always fresh. Sides are ok, nothing outstanding. The service can be hit or miss but you can't expect too much from a fast serve place. It's pretty easy to get addicted to the chicken... I think Kramer would prefer this over Kenny Rogers Chicken.
1	Can this place get any more disgusting? I sure hope not. First impressions are always lasting ones and I can tell you this was the final time for me dining at this pollo loco. Not being able to find a clean spot to sit at in a somewhat empty dining room, not good. I can say we must've just missed the lunch hour rush, because the place was not crazy busy. I'm talking every table was filthy, full of food. Not only the tables but the floors. Literally every table had food caked beneath it. It looked as if a 1 year old child got a hold of the food and threw it everywhere. We were there for a good 30 minutes and not once did any of the employes come out to wipe the tables or sweep the floors. All I could think of was if its this filthy in the front, I can only imagine how filthy the food prep area is. Called the manager and he gave a lame excuse about not being to mop because it was unsafe at that time. Hmmmmm have they ever heard of a broom? Wiping tables down to make sure there is a clean table for your patrons to sit is the "safe" and sanitary thing to do for your customers. The lack of cleanliness was just the beginning, the final straw was the hair in my daughters chicken. See ya pollo loco.
3	Food is always good.  Service is really slow, but I still like them.  You generally need to clean your own table.  The place is always busy.
1	Review is for CRAIG ROAD STORE.  I like El Pollo Loco and love their Tortilla soup.This location is close to my daughters and I have given it more than enough 'tries', but they FAILED OVER AND OVER. It doesn't matter if I eat inside or go thru the take-out, this place sucks.SERVICE AWFUL, you tell them something is needed, or not working or empty..NO RESPONSE, NO ACTION, NO "I'M SORRY".FOOD, they are "out of chicken breast" !!! WTF? I think the drive thru kid was just too lazy to take an order.  Next time, "out of Tortilla Soup", (more than once) !!!Next time, inside "dining" experiences consisted of: sloppy, not too clean looking,  the ice machine was empty. Staff notified (by each customer) no response.  So the show was just  watching people's responses to no ice, one at a time discovering this, hearing them tell staff..no response-ever.  Then- the tea machine shoots the tea out towards you, not down into the cup.  Again, no one cared or did anything about it. (they probably secretly laugh at each smuck that gets tea and jumps back from the spray) No sauce choices at sauce bar, no lemons, no straws, no sweetener.  (One kid spent about 3 min out back looking for sweetener...slowly walked back to me with ONE sweet and low! HAHA !!!  Where the heck did he pull that out of???  I gave him a buck for the 'effort'.  He was the only staff that in all my visits ever did ANYTHING service wise.I drive across town to ANY other location and will NEVER GO BACK TO THIS LOCATION. oh, BTW...I wrote the company website, it's been over two months, I guess they don't care that one of their franchises SUCKS.
1	Went here around 10ish and the drive thru lady was so RUDE!!! First she kept asking if I was ready yet with my order even though I told her give me a minute I'm looking.. Once I got to the window and got my food from her attitude having ass, I asked her for salsa and she looks at my and says "ugh, oh my god" rolls her eyes.. Turns around and walks away.. She is so lucky I was feeling sick that day or I woulda jumped through the window and beat the brakes off that bitch.. Horrible customer service and they were out of chicken!!! How the hell are you out of chicken at a chicken restaurant !!!
4	Always busy!  Very friendly staff.  If they make an error, they will make it right.  Love the menu selection.  The chicken is cooked right there on large rotisserie burners.  The cilantro dressing is to die for!  Love the little salsa bar!
1	Let me make this short and sweet. I wish I could give zero stars. Corporate was called from this visit couple weeks ago. I never do that. Ever. I witnessed staff calling a customer names such as liar, a bitch, and an asshole. The staff, including the manager, was yelling at this gentleman, pointing their finger at his face, and laughing. The man was asking for something in his order they forgot. Whether they really did or not is not the point. Their unprofessional attitudes took it to a whole new level. People were leaving the restaurant because of staff's reaction. The manager ended up wearing the rest of the mans order...that's how far they pushed him...over an item that was $2.50. HhhmmmMy turn...they wouldn't let me use my rewards coupon and I'm not sure if it was because they were now upset they had to clean up a mess or what but the same staff kept loudly telling me I couldn't use my free coupon. The email CLEARLY states the codes to enter to use it. At one point the manager asked me if I was a boy because they email from ThEIR headquarters had a mans name on it. (It was an example on the coupon.)She said since I wasn't a boy that email wasn't mine. Omg. The combined IQ was about 4...no wonder they couldn't figure out the coupon. I have never seen such disrespect in my life in a business. Corporate offered me a free $5.00 coupon for my trouble. Are you kidding me? Another coupon to try and use with rude and incompetent staff...yeah right.
2	Food is what you expect but drive thru wait times are consistently the longest of any El Pollo Loco I've ever been to.  Today there were no cars in front of me and it still took over five minutes for a rather simple #2.  I was handed the wrong order and then had to wait another few minutes.  I have been handed the wrong order and not the requested salsa multiple times.
3	This place was super busy during lunch, but the food was decent and came out quick. I went with the tacos al carbon which are just chicken with onion and cilantro, a litle bland but oh well it was only 5 bucks for the combo. You could always load up your food with salsas from the condiment station they have. While we were eating, they shut down the dining area and locked up at about 1 pm and I'm not sure why which made it a little awkward when they locked all the doors and put signs up saying that only the drive thru was open. Meanwhile all of us are still sitting and eating inside with no explanation whatsoever...
1	Only 12 minute wait in the drive-thru this time.  I ordered a three piece and was given a two piece.
2	I come here all the time and I wish I had never got out the car. The inside of this place is disgusting. Dirty. And always check your order because the last two times they forgot my tortillas and my dessert. I won't be back. And I plan on contacting corporate. Service was horrible.
2	I love the food. But the employees keep folding my corn tortillas and it is always a ripped up mess when I try to eat with it. One employee told me they never fold it. That it is always laid flat on top. Lies. This is the 6th time this month. They need a better system for salsa too. I never get what I asked for.
3	Always busy at lunchtime. Wish they would let us call in our order for pick up as we only get 30 minutes for lunch. Staff is pleasant. Food always fresh. Only negative complaint, they do not wipe the tables down on a regular basis.
