4	I stopped in earlier this evening to "check it out" because I am interested in joining. What a huge change from the Harkins theater that used to be here! I love the massage chairs and would opt for the $19.99/ month membership just to be able to use them. What I don't like, however is that I found the gym too warm for my "hot" self. There are two large ceiling fans, but I found several areas without any air flow. I'm used to personal fans on the cardio machines. The cardio machines don't have personal tvs either, something else I'm used to.I might go as someone's guest to workout before I make my final decision.
4	So far so good. Come in for my daily workout. A little crowded but it is the evening rush. Friendly staff still new so they are learning.  Its nice to see families working out here. Clean facilities and restrooms.
4	So far so good...19.99 gets  you and a guest in. The staff is nice and friendly. This place is way cleaner then the other gyms in the area. Only downside is that this place gets hot . seems to be a crap ac or something..But overall the experience is pretty okay...Tip place gets super packed from 5~9
3	There needs to be a bigger sign right in front of the 30 minute and 12 minute circuit training rooms. People just walk in random and get on the machines you are supposed be going to. It throws the whole work out off. I go to the next machine to continue working out nonstop and next thing I know I'm jumping all around the place.Would be a much higher rating if they could get that situation under control.
4	Bestest gym staff ever! Clean, cool and OMG!.. Free tanning and red light therapy!This is def a five day a week gym. Come join me my friends... I have free guests ;-)
4	basically i love this place, I go in after midnight, The Gym is very clean and the staff is nice and friendly. I have noticed the cell phone Police, Dropping weight, grunting and gallon jugs rule are not enforced after midnight.. not a big deal to me, but I have seen so people very put off by this.
