5	My life in Phoenix would be incomplete without B&N. This store is just round the corner and over the last year it has been there~ when I needed a break from everything (I believe that books can transport you to a world beyond everything)~ when hubby and I bought movie tickets (at the theatre next to it) and had to keep ourselves occupied until the movie started~ when my in-laws from India wanted to venture out by themselves and I had nothing else to suggest within walking distance ~ when I needed to read up the latest business magazines~ when I absolutely had to check out the John Grisham my friends were talking about~ when I felt like indulging in a tall cappuccino and some red velvet cakeetcI could sit around for hours at this B&N, when I'm retired I probably will.
5	The mural above the Starbucks of many famous authors is simply amazing. The authors depicted are all seated together and discussing. An inspiring sight.
5	Love this location! Great layout and atmosphere, nice cafe, and the employees are extremely helpful and courteous. By far my favorite bookstore to go to.
3	Great cafe, wifi, etc., but I had to amend my review after going into the bathroom. It is terrible and way below the standards that the rest of the store seems to be held to. I really like the cafe and checking out the books, but that nasty bathroom really ruined the experience...
1	I go to Starbucks every afternoon and order an iced coffee with cream and vanilla. Not at Barnes and Noble. The barista makes me an iced coffee with vanilla and points me at the creamer table. I point out to him that the cream should be in the drink already. He point's again at the creamer table and says it's over there. I thanked him.  Left the drink on the counter and left. I will never go back.  Not sure about Barnes and Noble since I just purchased a Nook and paid for a membership.  I was looking forward to drinking coffee,  enjoying free wifi at Barnes and Noble.  Never again.
3	" My daughter and I frequently go to this Barnes and Noble. It's not very large but we like the intimate setting in the Children's area. + I like to get "Mommy" reads before we go to the back, and the size of the store makes this much easier. WHICH MAKES MY LIFE MUCH EASIER:  I have less time to listen to complaining. LOL
4	I frequent this store often and never leave empty handed.  Today I'm sorry to say they informed me their CLOSING August 2nd. Almost everything is 30% off and will go to 40% soon and so on. As an aspiring author it pains me to see even the Big Box stores closing. Book stores and libraries are hurting so,  due to the likes of a certain on-line store that is costing our local businesses and employees big time. Hurry in and grab your bargains while they last.
2	Hmm.  Just a typical B & N, but where I get annoyed is with the cashier trying to guilt me into buying their membership.  Years ago I did the math on this thing and by paying $25/year to get a 10% discount you'd have to spend $250/year to break even.  I don't spend $250/year at B & N.  Now, I think they've made some changes where you can get more of a discount than that on the 2nd Tuesday in August of a leap year or something.  However, I'm more of an indie or used bookstore or library kinda gal.  But, I really overall have nothing against B & N.  Once in awhile I'll stop in and raid the newsstand, which always has a good selection of materials for me to read when I'm procrastinating doing something else.So on Monday I find my way to the cashier with my random stack of reading materials and the cashier asks me twice if I want their membership.  Both times I politely said, "No, that's ok".  Then she says, looking at me sideways, "You know, SOME people add up how much they spend every year here and are SHOCKED and DISAPPOINTED when they figure out how they could have benefited from the discount."  tick tick tickYou know what.....That passive aggressive B.S. really turned me off.  I'll get my magazines elsewhere.
