5	I absolutely love this office. My son is 9 months old and has been seeing Dr. Lombard here for his entire life lol. We had picked another pediatrician in the office, and Dr. Lombard happened to be on call when I delivered and we decided to stick with her. She always has the same MA, Maria. She's very sweet and great with our son. The entire staff is wonderful.
4	Headed into the new offices for the first time today, they're great!  A lot more room to move which is nice.My only major complaint in the almost 3 years we've been with Dr. Lombard and Great Destinations is once my mom came in with us for a check up and Dr. Lombard directed the entire conversation at her.  I found that to be not only rude but frustrating.  I asked the question, he's my son, please talk to  me.The other staff is fantastic though, everyone is friendly and helpful.
4	I like the care provided, but I don't like the difficulty of getting appointments and the fact that Sat.'s are reserved only for urgent care issues and that well checks cannot be done on Sat. even if seeing a nurse practitioner and not an actual MD.
5	We've been going to Great Destinations for 6 years now.  We love them!  My daughter and son both adore Dr. Gettleman.  We have had great experiences with the other doctors in the office too.  Highly recommended!
5	The office is awesome. It is painted everywhere with fun cartoons to keep kids eyes busy. The Service is excellent, Dr. Sheppard is super knowledgeable and great with working with little ones. A close friend recommended this place to me and they have never let me down.
5	The all the doctors and amazing staff are awesome here! Childcare at its finest!
5	We were referred here by my wife's OB/GYN and we couldn't be happier. The staff is super friendly and very attentive. I don't think we've ever waited for more than 5 minutes in the waiting room and more than 5-10 in the room to see the doc. I like the fact that they have separeate "Sick" & "Well" waiting rooms!
4	We've been going here for three years, and have visited for well visits, sick visits, and emergencies. The doctors and staff are always friendly and helpful. I appreciate that they have both a healthy and sick waiting room. They generally run on time and are organized and efficient. I have nothing bad to say at all.
1	I have been taking my kids to Great Destinations since my first child was born in 2008. After 5 years of loyal service, three children, and multiple visits we have come to feel a part of their family.... until today when we got a phone call saying we can't come back because we missed 3 appointments... in five years I might add. I understand that policy; however, I think it is simply ridiculous when you look at the big picture. I think missing 3 appointments in one year or three consecutive appointments or something like that makes more sense. Furthermore, I didn't even know I had missed three appointments in that length of time. It would be prudent for their office to inform you when you've missed two so you can be more aware of it. I'm really flabbergasted at this point, however, I will gladly take my business elsewhere.  Goodbye!
5	Have been going here for over 7 years now. Dr. Prentice is just awesome. She's great with all 4 of my kids. And even though we don't come in all that often, she always remembers my kids names and everything about them. It's a very clean and organized office too.
1	Healthcare is supposed to a collaboration between health care professionals and the patient. This place has a philosophy that they know best and you need to be taught. I think they might be well intentioned but they are completely misguided. To them, a child is never sick. They always have a virus and everything will be fine. In fact, they will talk down to you if you raise any concern beyond that unless they agree with you. Its a very condescending way to treat people. This practice works wonderfully until something is actually wrong! We got this treatment from the office for 3 months until we finally switched doctors. Our concerns were brushed aside. There is nothing wrong we were told. Turns out, our daughter has asthma along with severe allergies that exacerbate the symptoms. How long would they have brushed us off? Months? Years? I am glad we decided to switch pediatricians when we did. I do not recommend this place at all.
1	It pains me to leave this review. But it needs to be done.This practice came highly recommended by many parents I know. My baby is only six months old and is quite healthy and they messed up bad. I hate to think the outcome if she had serious issues.My daughter has eczema. The cure? Buy more OTC cream! That's it. Not a review of allergens, no plan for treatment when creams weren't helping, no talk of a referral to a dermatologist. When cetaphil cream wasn't helping her raw, oozing skin we were told to try very expensive formula despite her having zero signs of food allergies other than this. I decided to take her to a Phoenix Children's Derm who was confused over their inability to treat a very common skin issue. The prescription creams should have been prescribed no problem and apparently the diet they had us put her on was pointless in our circumstances.So we get another ped. We go to this appointment only to find out they MISSED GIVING HER VACCINATIONS. When the new office called GD, they informed that we did not take her to doc apnts. EXCUSE ME?! We have taken her to every doctors appointment recommended, have consented to all vaccines and followed through with ever (stupid) recommendation they made. We were also lectured at every visit about how much we fed our baby. As in we fed her too much. My child is in the lower % for weight.  She grows fine and eats within the recommended amounts. I don't know why this was the focus of her apnts.There are SO many other options for doctors out there. Our new doc is absolutely fantastic. We aren't the only family who has left this office due to negligent staff.
