5	In a word: GORGEOUS!  Stopped by after a coffee trip to Sambalatte.  It's truly a boutique with gifts for everyone (jewelry, home decor, cards, books and toys for the kiddies, etc.), and at varying price points.  The visual displays are stunning and I defy anyone to leave the store without purchasing something.  The owner of the boutique happened to be there the day that I went, and he is very sweet and accommodating.
5	I fell in love with this fabulous boutique and haven't stopped raving about it to friends and family since the moment I walked in! It's the perfect store to find that special gift for anyone in your life. It's saved me many a time on last minute gift items and my gifts from them have been a hit at parties. I especially love their HUGE Papyrus displays. Those cards are perfect and the jewelry is divine. They've truly got it all (home decor, fab books from the fashionable Valentino to Farts in the Wild LOL, accessories). Every time I go there's always something new. I can't wait to see what they'll have in 2013.
5	This a beautiful boutique filled with unique gifts for yourself or others. The prices range from reasonable to high end. Jglenn carries jewelry, stationery, children's gifts and home decor. The displays are eye catching! I was here to do some Christmas shopping and ended up buying things for myself. I know that sounds greedy...but it is the truth. I bought a butterfly ornament for my tree and a sparkly bracelet! I would come here for that person you think is hard to shop for. You would most likely find that special gift at Jglenn.
5	When friends have asked if I could open any business I wanted, what would I do?  I have always said a store of "stuff I like"  a little of this, a little of that.  Damn you J. Glenn you beat me to it!!  I LOVE this shop, like others have said, items are unique, not mass chain store, see it everywhere, yet, IMO, reasonably priced.  Yes, a bowl is more than Walmart, but it is hand painted and thrown pottery from Italy.  As mom says, you get what you pay for.  I bought myself several birthday gifts I handed the bill to the hubby.  What also must be mentioned is the great sales service.  Associates offer assistance, answer questions yet do not crowd you while you shop.
5	Wonderful little shop that packs in a whole lot of jewellery, scarves, paper products, and more.  Great place to find unique gift items or a little treat for yourself.  I went in looking for a birthday present and left with luscious soap and lotion, plus inspiration for many upcoming Christmas gifts.  The shop clerk was very friendly and was really enthusiastic about the soap/lotion line.  I like it when employees LIKE the products they sell!  It's easier to buy something from a happy person than a surly one.  :)
5	Wonderful shop to find unusual gifts, great jewelry. Everything in this shop is fantastic,  including the proprietors!  They have awesome sales too! Check them out!
5	Awesome!!
5	Sick! The best treasure in town... If you are looking for gifts, or home decor... J Glenn is killin it.  They have everything from cards and candles to crystals, bags, furniture.., I'm obsessing over these sculpted bronzed hands and quartz candle votives... Check it out.., you won't be sorry... They will also order specially if need be.
