5	Dr. Wiekhorst and associates have done exceptionally well for me and my precious animals.  He came in on Thanksgiving day to get me an emergency prescription.  When I'm there he makes me feel like I'm a personal friend of his and I know he really cares about my animals.  I know he'll do the same for you.
5	We have been taking all of our dogs to Dr. Weikhorst for more than 10 years. He is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with. We recommend his services to everyone.
5	This vet is near the Roadrunner saloon off of the Black Canyon access Rd. (I-17) on the east side of the freeway. I was there once a few years ago when my son's dog got in a fight and they took excellant care of her. But this morning we got a last minute appointment (with only kindness and understanding expressed by the staff) as we needed our beloved dog to be put down a.s.a.p. He was gasping for air, in much distress, and we ran in, my husband carrying our dog Tinker, and within minutes he was released from his agony. The vet is like a giant teddy bear, he said " This is quick, painless and now he's free from pain". Both my husband & I were crying, he gave us our space after hugging me and saying how sorry he was. He could not have been kinder or more effecient. Likewise the rest of his staff. We brought Tinker home with us and now, many hours later he has been buried next to his mom (Pumpkin) and my son's dog Lord. The hard work of digging his grave in the hot sun, of gathering rocks and dead Ocotillo branches together so as to securely cover him and protect his remains from scavengers is difficult but also very satisfying. it is a funeral and really gives comforting closure.I highly, highly recommend this vet as everyone there was extremely compassionate. The emergency visit cost us only $60.00 - which is very inexpensive compared to most other vets.Thank you Wiekhorst Wayne for helping us in our time of need and I am now and forever will be grateful to you and your staff.
5	Wayne Wiekhorst and his staff are the best. They are constant professionals with compassion, a hard combination sometimes to combine. They have been taking care of our many animals over the past 15 years. Our fur babies are always treated with the best care, even in sad times they are understanding of our emotions that are attached to the animals as they are put to sleep. They help us make educated decisions about care for hurt or sick animals and they help us keep them healthy year round.
