5	The doctors and staff here at AZ Veterinary Dental Specialists are awesome.  They are highly trained to do everything a general human dentist can do, and then some!  From root canals, crowns, extractions, to extensive jaw surgeries, each patient is treated with utmost care.  Although they do see some animals from the zoo, they are mainly a dog and cat practice, and see cats and dogs of all shapes and sizes.
5	I took my cat in for a consultation because I noticed he had an infected lower canine. From the time I called to schedule the consult through to the end they were very professional! Dr. Visser did an exam and took his time educating me about what he saw in my cat's mouth. Once I agreed to a full set of x-rays, the staff let me know what my cat needed (it turns out he needed three extractions, he was in a lot of pain, he had a bad infection and was running  a fever - it's a good thing I brought him in!) and they started the procedure. They did bloodwork before starting, so they could make sure he was healthy enough for surgery. They let me leave him while I went to work and picked him up later in the afternoon. They were helpful when it came to payment options. They e-mailed me a beautiful picture of my sweet kitty while he was in surgery, and when I picked up my cat they went over everything they had done and gave me copies of all the bloodwork, x-rays, clinical photos, etc. Dr. Visser called me later that evening to see how we were doing. I felt like they really cared about my cat (and me!); I cannot say enough good things about Arizona Veterinary Dental Specialists! Thank you!
4	First I want to say that pet dentistry is expensive, very expensive.Everyone at Dr Visser's office is very friendly and professional.  I felt comfortable with the prognosis & suggested treatment, confident that every precaution was taken while our little dog was under and thrilled with the results.Still can't believe how much it all cost.
5	Can I be honest? My cat gets better dental care than I do! Dr. Visser and his staff are very welcoming, compassionate, and informative. You know how sometimes you get the sense that your questions and concerns seem like a burden the staff at a dental or medical clinic (human or animal) would really rather not, or simply haven't the time, to deal with? Completely opposite experience here.We were referred to AZVDS West by our regular vet, who noticed signs of gum and periodontal disease on our cat's last check-up - and we owe him some serious gratitude. After Dr. Visser took a quick peek into my (very terrified) cat's mouth, checking his teeth and tonsils, he walked me through a prepared presentation explaining what he was likely to find once my cat was put under for x-rays, and gave me the opportunity to voice any questions/concerns I had before bringing his patient into the back  The administrative staff then came in to go over the estimate with me - point by point. She was very pleasant, and more than happy to indulge me in looking at a few photos of what my cat really looks like, when he isn't hiding in the back of a carrier.They kept me updated on my cat's status throughout the surgery, even emailing me pictures. When I went to pick my cat up, Dr. Visser again sat with me, showing me the x-rays that had been taken, as well as pictures from the surgery, and invited me to ask questions. He made sure I had a copy of the x-rays and photos, as well as a copy of the bloodwork, a breakdown of the anesthesia administered, a log of my cat's vitals during surgery (at 15min intervals), antibiotics, pain killers, discharge instructions, the Doctor's cell number and a secondary contact - just in case.I felt great walking out the door, and even better when, later that evening, Dr. Visser personally called me to check that his patient was doing well - and not a quick "How is he?", he asked direct, pointed questions so he could be sure the cat was recovering well. He also gave me yet another opportunity to ask questions.Another reviewer pointed out the cost. It is high, absolutely - but I'd mention that, after receiving the estimate, I called my vet at Banfield to compare. He recommended we continue with the surgery at AZVDS nor only because it was more efficient - Banfield lacks the dental x-ray machine and since cats need to be put under for the x-rays, it's much safer to have the work done at the same time, but also because the cost difference would not have been significant. If you've gotta part with the money anyway, Arizona Veterinary Dental Specialists offers a great deal for it.
5	Very happy with the services provided!!! Dr. Balke was extremely thorough when explaining what needed to be done to our dog as well as allowing as much time as needed for questions. They sent me a picture of her and she was actually smiling while she was there. After the procedure he showed me pictures and explained everything that was done that day. The checkout process was very easy as well. Dr. Balke even called that evening to check on our dog. Yes, it may be a little more expensive than what you are used to paying for dental work, but I feel the cost was well worth it. Two days after her procedure our dog seems almost back to her old playful self and I think a big part of that was due to the excellent care she received!
