4	Consistently good, this is a place that is dependable and predictable, fast, and provides good value. It's not perfect but when you're looking for predictably fast pleasant service it fills the bill.Martin Fuentes is part of a family that runs several Mexican restaurants in east central Illinois.
3	It's a lot of food for the money.  Chips were decent, but the salsa didn't really have any kick at all.  The quality was decent, but overall the food left something to be desired--I find places like Maize and El Charro to be a better option if you're ok with not having a sit-down atmosphere.  Service was quite slow, especially given that it was the end of the night--it took at least 20 minutes for them to take our cash/cards after we were given checks.
2	If you want anything resembling authentic Mexican food with fresh ingredients, go somewhere else.  This is not the place.  The food is hot, and you get good portions, but the sauces taste like they came out of a jar, and the spices taste like prepackaged blends you can buy at any grocery store.
4	Here's the deal--I'm not a fan of everything on the menu.  In fact, I think that the majority of the menu items are not good.  But, if you order carnitas tacos, you won't be disappointed.  Toro Loco is worth a trip, but only for these tacos.  The salsa lacks flavor, and if you ask for anything hotter, a warm, unappetizing bowl of hotter salsa comes out.  Margaritas are 1.99 on Mondays, and beer is reasonably priced too.The service is always friendly and reliable.  I wouldn't go out of the way to eat here, but seeing as I'm in the neighborhood, I'm glad Toro Loco is in town.  And I hope they never run out of carnitas tacos.
3	Large helpings of somewhat bland Mexican food.  The staff is friendly, though.  Being vegetarian I am always looking for something BESIDES a combo of bean burrito, cheese enchilada, rice and beans.  This place (and all the other related locations like El Toro and El Toro Bravo) did not give me a whole lot of exciting options.  It all seems to come covered in overly salty red sauce.
5	I was just expecting an average mexican meal due to the looks of the outside.  It is very nice but this place has been so many restaurants like Ned Kelly's and other steakhouses.  Once inside the decor was very nice and the service was great throughout the entire meal.  Warm chips and homemade salsa was served immediately!  Both meals were delicious and very high quality ingredients were used.  My mom raved on the tacos and  the beef and chicken used was so tender and juicy.  I even dreamed about my meal that night it was so good....from the chile relleno to the seasoning in the hamburger on the taco....it was rock star.  I can't wait to go back!
