4	I just tried Mi Ga located in the food court in the Greenland market they had meat jun yup Das right I said Meat Jun and they are set up kinda like Yummys where you can have choices of Kim chee, Mac salad, etc check it out!!! The owners husband is from hawaii so they have local style Korean food, super onos!
4	Had the Miga Special. $19.95 and serves two people. Appetizers, 4 sides, a soup, and the main dish . Kim Chee is homemade and fresh. The Kim chee soup was good excellent. The restaurant is located in the remodeled food court. They also still serve Hawaiian style Korean food as well. I will return. Owner is very friendly, which is a plus!
5	The baby back rib kimchi stew I had yesterday was delicious!!!  OMG!!!  Back here for more!! Lol.
5	Everything here is delicious! #9 is my favorite cuz it had a lil bit of what I like. Best Kimchee. I enjoy this place over most of the other Korean restaurants in Vegas. Plus, the owner Yeon is so nice! :-)
5	Aigoo... I still have food dreams about #14- the spicy pork and kimchee dish.  Sooooo good!!!  If you try anything here, be sure to try that dish- it was fantastic.  !!!
4	Mi Ga is one of the vendors inside the Greenland foodcourt and they serve Korean and Korean Hawaiian plates. I got a 2 meat plate off the "Hawaiian BBQ" menu. It comes with miso soup, rice and 4 side dishes that they let you pick. The meat jun was tender since they did it quite flat, but there are better meat juns out there. The spicy pork though I really dug. It was a bit more sweet than most Korean daeji bulgogi, but the thin slices were tender and I liked the flavor of it quite a bit though it wasn't very spicy. Side dishes I chose was macaroni salad, broccoli, soy marinated potato and cabbage kimchee. All were good, but I was surprised how much I liked their kimchee. The miso soup was just the broth, no seaweed/tofu/onion. I would definitely try more on their menu and get more of the spicy pork.
5	This place is great for a quick meal. They're fast and efficient. I love their bibimbap. But my ultimate favorite is KIMCHI!! The staff are really nice and friendly; especially the cashier.
4	Love the food here! My favorite has to be their meat jun. My husband introduced to to meat jun a few years ago at this place and I recently had it again..still delicious! The only difference now is that they also include a miso soup. I was kinda upset that I didn't get to choose my 4 sides cuz I wanted both of the different kimchi. The last time I came here the nice lady let me pick. & she remembered me & my family :) The meat jun was very yummy and came with this delicious sauce. I also had one of the ox bone soup but was a little disappointed since she told me that they had run out of the specific meat but she replace it with kalbi, however, it didn't have any flavor. Like really, NONE! I felt like I was just drinking water and some veggies. Hopefully next time I order that, they will have the right meat in stock!Other than that, the lady who works there is extremely nice. I always find myself coming here instead of the other food places.
5	I love there food !! My husband always take out  stir fried spicy pork for me. Last time he brought mi ga special, i love so much so I came here today to take out for my husband.The cashier was so nice and the price seems fair.Both taste of food and quality of food are so good !!I DEFENITELY COME BACK and try other things too !!
5	I love this place because its conceniently located next to my office. There are other places to eat from in the market but this place has the best food hands down.The service is very friendly and welcoming always greeting me with a smile. Everything I've had so far was delicious. I judge all Korean food based off of their food now.The bulgogi bibimbap. Order it now!
5	I have had a lots of Korean food in different restaurants but Miga has very special dish called Steamed pork with kimchi!!  I have never tasted something like it and it was fantastic!! If any of you know and enjoy Kimchi taste you have to try this!! And my other favorite dish they have is short rib soup with outer leaves. They use concentrated beef bone soup base and the vegetable they use in the soup adds delightful texture to it! And also I love spicy squid!! I can have that everyday!!Even though this restaurant is a part of food court but it provides you with high quality restaurant food!  Must try!!!
2	Too bad the woman behind the counter is so rude. The food isn't bad if you can get to that point.  I stood there (no one behind our in front of me) for five minutes and was not acknowledged by the woman behind the counter.  I walked away and went three counters over to another Korean place.
1	Miga Special.  $19.95 for 2 people.   Let me tell you how much you should never get this. Korean pancake was burnt, and only had a few specks of onion and nothing else. Spicy Squid was good taste.   However true to what appears to be there style.   The center of the plate was all sprouts and a very small amount of squid around it.  Analysis- Don't waist your money on this place.
5	Best non-AYCE Korean food I've found this far. But the meals are huge and worth the trip. Love this place.
5	Great home cooking!  Try everything!
3	I love good Korean food.  This is just passable.  Three stars for the convenience.  Nothing wrong with the food, just nothing to make me want to come back
3	This place is conveniently located inside the food court at Greenland Market, cause grocery shopping hungry is dangerous.  I remember this place being better this first couple times I was here compared to now.  The seolleongtang was watery and skimpy on the meat, the bulgogi was watery and not grilled, the nangmyun is still nanhmyun-y so that's good. The food courts been going kind of downhill for a while and shops are coming and going.  I hope this place picks back up.
4	This is a nice place to get some Korean; good food and reasonable prices. I really like their Kimchi!
1	What a waste of money!! I ordered BBQ chicken that was supposed to come with 4 sides. It costed $10.65, never again. The chicken was gross, undercooked, and I only got 2 sides. What a rip off! There's other places with much better quality food and for cheaper. Lesson learned. Don't waste your time or money at miga in the Greenland shopping center
5	The Korean BBQ ribs are a must. The spicy pork was delicious. For the price you pay it was well worth it.
5	We were exploring the neighborhood and decided to stop by to check out the Greenland Supermarket. As soon as we walked in, we saw the food court and decided to try the food. I'm so glad we picked Mi Ga!!! The food was great! I tried the BBQ beef and my boyfriend had the Spicy Pork. The combos included 4 sides and everything was on point. The Kimchi had just the right amount of kick, the soup was delicious... I can go on on! I prefer to drink water with my food but prefer not to buy bottled water when I'm out, so I was very surprised when they offered complimentary filtered water with our meals. The ladies were very friendly and even offered us more of the sides if we wanted more food, but the combos were huge. I'll definitely come back next time I'm around the neighborhood because this place is awesome!!!
3	Mi Ga is located in the food court of Greenland. I ordered Short Rib + Meat Jun Combo and it was decent.
5	Stopped by here for my lunch break during work. I was a little hesitant because of my experience with this food court before, however the new owner to Mi Ga really topped it off. I ordered the meat jun plate, and goodness, it was delicious.The side dishes were also a treat. Both the Mac salad and broccoli had their own yummy flavor, that went perfect with the main dish. The soup was also a bonus. I would definitely recommend.
