5	I decided to give the Oriental House a try because it's close to my house and am i glad i did. WHAT NICE FRIENDLY PEOPLE!! upon entering we were immediately greeted by one of the owners Barbara. She runs it with her husband Max and "Momma Jean" is the main chef. Oriental House just opened a few weeks ago however, these owners are NOT new to the restaurant world. They owned many famous eateries over 30 years including "Pata" on Wilshire in Beverly Hills and "Chitra".    When you walk in, the ambiance is very spacious and modern. i like the decor all around the room. the restaurant is very clean and the customer service is A-1.Now lets talk about the menu. Easily over ONE HUNDRED items to choose from!!  Everything from Lemon Grass Chicken to Chaba noodle soup, Shanghai clay pot, Indian curry soup, Hawaiian fried rice, Japanese creamy curry, LOTS of Vegetarian choices and deserts included Fried bananas or Mango with sticky rice. I can't wait to try them all!Side note: They do not sell alcohol (yet). But will introduce beer and wine on the menu soon!Do yourself a favor and visit The Oriental House.
4	My friends and I decided to try this place out for my birthday dinner a few days ago. Being teenagers, the main thing we looked for besides the food, was the service, since at other restaurants, we were treated differently being at a somewhat young age. However, the owner's wife, our server as well, was very kind to us, and was even so generous enough to give us free Thai iced teas. Now food wise, I give it an 11/10, it was that good. We all got something from the noodles section and it was delicious, along with a few appetizers. Their service is great and their prices are a bit on the $$, but it's okay for the amount of food they give, which is something to come back for. Overall, our experience here so far was great and I'll be glad to recommend this place to my other friends and family.
5	The food was really good but the service was exceptional.  I love family owned restaurants for that reason! They are very attentive to your needs.  My daughter has many allergies and they were able to navigate with me what she could have and couldn't have.  I have been to many restaurants and as soon as I tell them she has an allergy, I get the look , "why are you eating out, eat at home?" But at this restaurant I got the empathetic look and she made sure we were taken care of! They were all so friendly and checked up on us frequently.  My husband hates when our drinks are not filled and it was always filled.  This restaurant is also kid friendly.  They were very attentive to my kids and Uncle Peter even got my daughter to take more bites of her food :) You rarely get this kind of service any where and if they continue to do what they do, exceptional service and great food, they will definitely be successful in this business world! Thank you to Barbara, Uncle Peter and Momma Jean for everything tonight! We will be back!
4	Extremely friendly staff! I've been there about 3 times already. The food isn't too salty or oily. The place is clean and neat. From observing, I can tell that they really try and make sure their guests feel comfortable. Definitely going back again!
5	It's all a matter of opinion. Great service and good food. The owner knows how to make you feel welcome.
2	This will be a two part and two rating review.First, aside from the food, I have to say that the service was very friendly. The server  attended us well, and made several suggestions, and as Audrey S. said, the owner makes you feel welcome. That was very positive.Now a review of what we go out for, the food.We decided to start out with a Spring Roll appetizer. The server recommended the Fresh Asian Roll instead. It was a good idea. It is nothing like the quality Spring Rolls you get at Pho So 1, or Pho Saigon 8, but it was light and refreshing. I am on a diet, so I ordered a Chicken Salad. The menu said it was fried chicken. I asked the server if I could have it grilled. She accomodated me. It was very fresh, and light for a summer meal, but it really wasn't very Asian. It was simply a Thin cut chicken breast, on top of a bed of Ice Berg Lettuce, with cucumbers and tomatoes on the side. Not much presentation. Fresh and good for a diet, but not what I expected from a Thai Chinese place. I did give it 3 stars.My wife ordered the Wanton and Noodle Soup. The bowl was small, and only a few Wanton. There was a ton of noodles, but she said they were over cooked, and she didn't even finish half of the portion. Rating 1 star.Two stars means "I've experienced better", and this holds true for this place. If you are on a diet, go here for a clean salad. It's pricey for a small portion, but you'll feel better doing this, than pigging out at Sweet Tomatoes. However, if you're looking for good Thai or Chinese food, do your sense of eating adventure a favor, and go somewhere else.
5	My husband been wanting to try this place & I'm super glad we did!! They deliver great customer service.Our server was Peter, turns out to be owner. We had great conversations from where his restaurant first started and owns at other places. Food - omg.. food presentation is gourmet and the food is very delish! You can taste the authentic spices and ingredients. Also, very fresh!!!!Peter also gave me the courtesy to try the curry bowl w rice and complimentary house Salad for my husband and I. Also, made our little one try ice cream.I recommend this place with a 5 star!! Definitely will be coming back. They deliver thee best food and creates clientele relationships & I love it!!!
5	Just tried Oriental House for the first time and was very impressed. It serves a market for fresh, authentic Asian cuisine that is otherwise under served in the neighborhood. You won't find anything really unfamiliar on the menu, but you will find light and flavorful preparations of favorites from Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese menus. The room is spacious and modern, the prices are right and the service is some of the best I have experienced. The restaurant is family owned and operated, and they make an extraordinary effort to meet their guests and even solicit feedback. I would recommend Oriental House to anyone interested in a casual Asian dining experience without the hustle and bustle of Chinatown. I'm looking forward to returning soon and trying different dishes from various regions...and I won't be afraid to ask (co-owner/manager/server) Barbara for input as she is more than happy to help :)
5	My girlfriend came here with her mom, and thought it was so good that she had to bring me. I'm here to say that I'm glad she did! Though we were the only two in the restaurant, the service did not suffer. They were very attentive, and friendly as well! I had the Cashew Nut Chicken and my girlfriend had the Asian Noodles. Both came out in great time and were very tasty! The way their spice orders work, mild medium and spicy, are quite accurate. I had mine medium and it was just as I expected! I highly recommend coming here either for a great lunch it dinner.
5	I have been craving pad Thai lately and trying different spots in my area. This one so far has been my favorite. The Asian noodle as the call it, is pad Thai and so delicious. The spice level and amount of sauce is right where it should be. I have been twice in a week which is a testimony to the delicious noodles they have. They have a very large menu and the restaurant is always quiet. I am sad that this restaurant is empty when I come because it deserves recognition! The owners are here and the wait staff is very friendly! She gave me two 10% off cards to use on my next visits. Come here if you want a large selection of all delicious Asian food.
5	We tried for first time tonight. Great food and service we tried several different menu items and all were fresh and tasted delicious. We will for sure go back and everyone must try highly recommended
5	Food is very tasty, very focused on flavor, not one sauce for all. I can taste on each flavors. Support local new business. Clean, friendly, and welcome environment. The correction of number is 702-550-4262.
4	They make their own sauce so you can get sugar free.  If you like spice order Thai hot ;). Ginger perfect is always a favorite.  Trying Spicy Ground Chicken toady.  Smells wonderful!
3	It will take no time at all to notice how nice the people are here. They told us they used to run a business in Virginia for decades doing the same thing! How cool! If their menu is the same as in Virginia, it would explain the white-washing I'll be describing.The menu is massive. It's mostly Thai food, with a smattering of other cultures here and there. There are too many choices. Overwhelming! Eventually, it was settled to get some classics:- Spicy eggplant and basil with chicken. This was ordered at a medium level of spiciness, but came out as mild. Sauce-heavy and flavor-light. It has the right basil flavor in the sauce, but it's just too much liquid and not enough ingredients. Quality of everything included was stellar, though! Nothing was overcooked. White meat chicken, fresh eggplant, good basil.- Lemongrass chicken. This was also at a medium level of spiciness according to them, but really just mild. Very saucy, with light lemongrass flavor. This is unusually light because of all the lemongrass present. Again, the same chicken, fresh bell peppers and carrots. Thankfully, cooked just enough to keep crispiness. Quality, but small in portion.- Complimentary salad with house dressing. This was a simple salad topped with a honey-sesame oil-tomato dressing made in-house. Yum!Get the gist? Saucy, mild, fresh, small portioned, and yet expensive. About $11-12 a plate. This is just too much, unfortunately. I would have expected a much larger dish without compromising the quality and integrity of the ingredients.Coming back here would be easy at the right price, even without the "authenticity" I'm used to in some other Thai-oriented spots in town. But until then, I'm hesitant. Quality and service is spot-on, but the price point just kills it.
5	Stopped by on 7-12-2014 by chance after simply seeing the sign driving by.  Anything with the term fusion is typically a turn off to us as we are traditional.  So glad we stopped.We ordered papaya salad that was to dye for...summer rolls were crisp and fresh...fish with curry sauce and the chefs special chicken.  Three side salads with house dressing came along.  With only two entrees, feed three of us and we were all licking our lips.  The ladies finished with fresh mango with sticky rice for desert.  Two major points.  1) This is truly a Mom and Pop's place which we really prefer...mainly for the cooking but also for rewarding hard working people.  2)  Thai food made without MSG and made perfectly to taste is HUGE.  Too often it is either full of additives or Americanized to the point of lost flavor.Great service, very clean atmosphere, YUMMY food.  Great formula for return customers.  Highly recommend....see ya there!
5	YUM!! The service was super friendly that you forget your in Vegas!! The owner is always our server and he is GREAT!! He will change up your meal to add anything you want. Ask for the BBQ pork fried rice - it is not on the menu (fried rice is - just not the bbq pork)  but they will make it and its fantastic! I always get the asain noodles - its pad thai but better. Also you must try the ground chicken, to die for!!!
5	Customer service is great... my wife n I finally decided to stop by and I'm glad we did this place is great ...good food and great atmosphere 10 out of 10 deff coming back
5	We tried this restaurant for the first time last night and were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food and service. The spicy crispy duck was like nothing we'd ever tasted before, and so was the seafood in clear noodles.  Coming back with some friends soon, and I'm even thinking of celebrating my birthday here!
5	Service.....excellentFood.....excellent.  What more can you ask for. High quality fresh ingredients made to order. No funny looking chicken parts here. Support local and eat here.
5	I've never had a pork dish that was as tender as the one I had here (garlic and black pepper pork).Awesome service, amazing food, a stone's throw away from my house.. What more can I ask for? I hope this place stays open for a very long time.
5	This place is great! The people are genuine and super nice! The food is even better. Oriental house has become a regular for us now , especially since there is an equally amazing boba tea place right next door!
4	A nice family owned and operated restaurant. I ordered the Green Curry. It was good, but not the best I've had here in town. It's a little on the pricey side as well. I did enjoy the customer service though. The owner struck up a friendship with me and offered for me to visit him when he retires and goes back home I'd usually give 3 stars for the food, but adding an extra star because I like the people
5	We accidentally just stumbled upon this place and was hesitant at first, but was really hungry and decided to stay. I'm really glad we did because our experience was very positive. First thing we noticed was the outstanding customer service. It's family owned/run and it shows in all aspects of the service we received. The Food was equally exceptional as well. I ordered the dumplings and the duck noodle soup and both turned out really great. Everything is handmade (and hence the higher price than usual), and it shows in the quality of their food. We will definitely be back!
5	I Love the Staff :) they're so Sweet!!!.. The Food is Great!!!... I Love the Hanan Chicken (lunch Special) the sauce is Delicious!!..
5	I was in town for the weekend and wish I had come here on my first day, because I would have come back the next.  Great, flavorful, fresh food.  The dining room was nice and comfortable yet still casual.  The staff was very friendly and clearly proud of the restaurant and the menu.  Highly recommended.
5	Our new favorite!Peter is the sweetest.We had a variety of dishes last night including red coconut curry, Singapore noodles, summer rolls, and salad. Everything was perfect!The atmosphere in the restaurant is lovely.It's a big menu so there's something for everyone to enjoy.Tip: if you like spicy (I usually like medium), order it a bit less spicy than usual just in case. This is going to be our new hangout. Enjoy!
5	Everything was delicious.   For appetizers ordered the spring rolls and the crab Rangoon. Both were great.  Entries were the Hawaiian fried rice, the Japanese curry, the vegetable curry, and ginger chicken.  Everyone loved their order.   The Thai tea was well prepared.  One recommendation for desert: try the mango and sticky rice.  This is a hidden gem.  Enjoy while few people know about it.  Warning: They are closed on Sunday.
1	All 3 things I got were horrible. Mango sticky rice had nasty white goop for sauce instead of coconut milk, and the rice was not prepared properly. Basil eggplant chicken was way oily and bland. Basil beef fried rice was cheap on beef, vegetables, and basil. Never coming here again.
1	So me and the wifey were craving Thai so we gave this new place a shot. What a waste the food sucked we had the basil/beef fried rice. Damn they wee cheap on the vegetables and the beef! The dish was mostly rice! Also had the mango sticky rice that thing looked like soup the rice was salty had to dump the sauce out. The only good thing was the mango. We had take out otherwise I would have returned everything!
5	This was my first visit to this restaurant, and I am glad me and my friends decided to give this place a chance because it was delicious. I had the spicy linguini, and if you like spicy food this place will hook it up. Also the owners were so nice and friendly! The gave us some salads on the house and were just very courteous. My beverage was never empty. All my friends really enjoyed their meals and the price was extremely decent. We ended the meal with some delicious fried ice cream. Definitely recommend this place! :-)
5	I really can't add much to the already glowing reviews here except to say I will be back to explore more of their menu.Compared to some places the portions could be bigger BUT the food is very high quality and they will happily alter any dish the way you prefer.I started with the curry puffs. Delicious! The dipping sauce was good and the cucumber pieces had designs carved into the skin. Nice touch.This was followed by a ginger dressed salad which tasted as if they'd made it themselves. I make my own ginger dressing and theirs was very good.For my entree I had the Ginger Perfect [chicken] but also wanted the spicy basil. We settled on spicing up the ginger perfect and it was, in a word, perfect! I like spicy & delicious.Washed it all down with a thai tea [no boba] and plenty water as it was hot and caffeine can dehydrate.It was a perfect meal. They are very attentive and treat people as if they never meet a stranger. Genuinely warm folks serving good food. I can't wait to return, I'm making myself hungry just typing this!
4	Eaten here twice and both times the food was great and the service was excellent...I'll be coming back again and again trying different things on the menu...not too expensive and definitely worth it to come check this place out...
5	I will go back there and bring everyone I know. Love this place. Great food, great service, great location. Best Thai Iced-Tea in town. Love the Mango Chicken, and the hot mango and coconut rice dessert. YUMMO!
5	My experience at the Oriental House was delightful! The owner, Pete, was very friendly and guided us through the menu. He also offered us Thai Tea at no charge and a few other things. I ordered the following - all of which were tasty and delicious.... 1) Spring Roll, 2) Dumplings, 3) Satay Chicken, 4) Wonton Soup, 5) China Connection, 6) Mango w/ Sticky Rice..... I suggest all of those meals, as they were exceptional! I really loved the sauces on each dish! Everything impressed me and I will be back at this restaurant very often!
5	Food was absolutely amazing!! If you like authentic oriental food this is the place to visit! Service was lightning fast and phenomenal. Ask for Peter when you visit for 5 star service!
5	THE HYPE IS REAL !!!!!!' amazing food, and the sweetest most genuine people ... See Peter, great guy , I was treated like a king...
1	Poor quality to-go and over priced / small portions on certain dishes.  Threw away their menu.
4	Nice place & great food. The owner Peter was a gracious host & gave us a delicious complimentary house salad. Very nice & friendly atmosphere & deliciouse food to boot. Deff recommend!
5	Awesome food and wonderful service!! Luv everything I ordered and mango chicken was the bomb!!! Will be back Luv luv luv thank you for making my day!
5	Our new favorite Chinese/Thai restaurant! I skipped the regular items found in all other restaurants and chose the Mango Chicken dish, and it was superb! We also tried the Singapore Noodles... WOW! And the service was excellent! You won't be disappointed! Give them a try you will be back!
5	Wow! Great service by the owner who made suggestions and was so sweet.  Even brought me a complimentary Thai Ice Tea! I ordered the steamed dumplings similar to a shu-Mai . I got the chicken with Basil and added brocolli and it was the best sauce and made with white meat chicken, no mystery meat! I ate the whole plate.Simply great food great service with a heart! Let keep this family business in the neighborhood!
4	Good food. Excellent service! Feels like a mom and pop shop. My only critique is that some of the dishes were overpriced.
5	Loved this place.  The owners were the ones to serve us. Very attentive and excellent thai flavor. Our new favorite thai spot is here!  We usually hit Archis or Le Thai but neither of those compare to this yummy gem. Pricing was reasonable and the food was hot and fresh. Great service and great people. Love love love it!
5	Very nice ambience and interior.  The people that work here are very helpful.  Your drink is always refilled.  Summer rolls are good,  chicken wings have great flavor.  Pad thai and pho are Delish!
5	My wife and I ate here twice and highly recommend the food! The food is amazing, very ethic and fulfilling. The thai food is delicious and one of the best on this side of town. Besides the food, I must rave about the outstanding service from the owner himself and the immaculate presentation of the restaurant. We will make this place our bi-weekly eatery.
2	The menu at Oriental House is overwhelming with plenty of Chinese, Thai, and Japanese options. They would benefit from a more streamlined selection of dishes to focus on what they do best. What that is, I don't know. The satay chicken ($7.95) was a good portion for the price with about five skewers. The Kowloon noodles ($9.95) were decent. While light on chicken, the flat noodles with broccoli and bean sprouts in a black sauce were decent but seemed to be flavored for the more mild palate of western taste buds.2.5 Stars
5	Great food and awesome service! I had the Asian connection from the house favorites. It was spicy and delicious. Very friendly staff and nice decor inside.
5	I was really happy with this place. We got the Pho and Ramen, and although not "traditional" tasting (my pho had some spices in there that I don't normally get at Viet Pho places), they were both *delicious*. And the Thai Iced Tea was the best I've ever had. Peter, the owner/waiter, was so friendly and nice. The restaurant was cozy and thoughtfully decorated. This is a hidden gem and we will definitely put this on our list of favorite places to eat near our house!
5	This little gem is right around the corner from home. The food is spectacular, the Thai tea is perfect, the service is prompt and courteous, and the prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely be back.
5	Wanted to try a new thai/Asian place and stopped in here. Very expansive menu with very reasonable prices. Was the first cold day in Vegas off the fall, so tried a duck ramen dish that for like 8 bucks was worth twice that. Hot green tea for a drink and friendly conversation with the owner(s). Definitely will go back.
4	Experience:  I came with some friends to try this place. It has both Chinese and Thai food. The menu is huge, so it's difficult to choose. Food:  we had about 10 people, so I was able to taste many things on the menu.  I did but taste one dish I did not like.  Everything was very good. I ordered the duck eggrolls which were very tasty.  Then I had the pork fried rice made spicy.  I asked for an 8 out of 10 on the hot scale and it was perfect for me.  Service: The waiter was super friendly and good at playful banter. He was very attentive and made suggestions where needed. Facility: pretty small, but perfect for this casual establishment. It was pretty empty, but that just meant great service for us. Overall review: I would come back here. The service and food were good.
5	This place is a gem! First off, the menu selection is divine. Secondly, the food is UH-mazing. The owner of the restaurant spent some time talking to us, which was really nice, and he is a great person. Food was done quickly and we devoured everything. It was just delicious. We ordered Won ton soup, spicy noodles and tangerine chicken--everything gone. Just great. We plan on making this our regular go-to spot.
2	Services is great. Order lunch special, so little amount. Need to pack in better container.
4	This place does have a weird mixture of food. Between the two times I have come here I have had thai beef salad, pho, atlantic noodles, eggplant tofu, ragoons, thai tea, and mango sticky rice. It was all decent, but nothing that blew me away. The ragoons could use more filling. My favorite was probably the atlantic noodles (if you like seafood) and I do love the mango sticky rice. It would have a decent atmosphere except every time I go it is a ghost town, as in completely empty except for me and my boyfriend. It is a little awkward to eat in an empty restaurant, but hey at least it is quite. I will probably be back again. The owner is pretty accommodating, he really wants to make his customers happy. We got free house salads last time which was awesome because the dressing they use is really unique. I liked them a lot. Their menu is huge so it is really just a matter of finding your favorite thing.
4	We came here for my nieces 9th birthday party. We had a large party of 13 people and after she said she wanted Asian cuisine we called around the Summerlin area for a place to accommodate us.  We all met here at 5pm on a Friday and were a little scared that we were the only ones in the restaurant. We were greeted by an older gentlemen who sat us down and immediately took our drink order. We had 6 kids with us so it's hard to sit at a restaurant for a long time. The waiter was very prompt with the food. Everything we ordered was fresh and hot and tasted great. You can bring your own cake for after dinner too. They get their liquor license next month so we will coming here a lot more often. The menu is so vast and the service was great.
5	Amazing service. Great home style Thai/Chinese. And did I say they have amazing service?? Yummy food too
5	FYI oriental house is closed right now. Says  under new management. So sad! If Oriental House relocates let me know. Loved Peter's food.
