4	Remember Drip Coffee Lounge on 7th St.?  Well, the breakfast and lunch spot has passed through a wall ten feet north and has re-christened itself Toast, which as far as namesakes go, makes sense, considering their numerous offerings of toast + toppings.  I had the beans on toast with a fried egg (subbing out bacon for tomato slices) and felt like I was in London again.  Old favorites from Drip including the NYC Sandwich remain as well on the chalkboard menu.The coffee is still the same: espresso pulls.  No longer will the name "Drip" mislead customers to think that "drip coffee" is served, which it's not.  My espresso macchiato (soy) is consistent but still served in a much oversized latte mug.  Can I get a demitasse up in here?Coronado is my neighborhood, and I walk or bike to Toast regularly; although there's no bike rack at present, owners Gina Madrid and Vine Saccento graciously allow me to roll my wheels in and park my ride in the back.The space is smaller with room for just over a dozen or so people inside and about a half-dozen outside.  Same Modernica chairs and white on white scheme throughout, including a sleek pastry case, designed by Vine and stocked with MJ Breads.The "no computers" sign displayed in the window denotes a shift in culture from Drip (and most Phx coffee shops, for that matter), but in my three or four visits so far, business still seems steady.  Nonetheless, if people are to relax and chat (and not tip-tap-type the day away on laptops), a dozen fiberglass shell chairs, four bar stools, and the absence of a sofa seem to fly in the face of the old school coffee shop mission.I will continue to visit Gina and Vine at Toast for breakfast (for me, usually a $11-14 including tip trip) because the food is on-point, the espresso a contender, and their commitment to local independents steadfast.[I'm keeping an eye on the space formerly occupied by Drip.  Gina and Vine mentioned some sort of retail venture there that they're planning.]
4	Honest and approachable the new Toast Breakfast Boutique will most certainly be added to my list of favorites. Located next door to where Drip Coffee Lounge was housed this place is both quirky and comfortable. Ingredients are sourced as local as possible including bread from M.J. Bread and coffee from Xanadu Coffee Co.. The menu is simple and easily approached with only a few items to choose from. Knowing that the bread if from M.J. I knew this was going to be great and it was. Starting off with the Fig Jam and Mascarpone Cheese on Marbled Rye Toast ($4); I hit the ground running. Each ingredient worked so well naturally together Id order this every time. Roasted Tomatoes with Mozzarella Cheese on Cibatta Toast ($6) was as good as it gets though for breakfast? Oh yeah!Toast also served what they call the N.Y.C. sandwich. Completely custom from the bread up, you choose your egg, meats, cheese and veggies. I tried the perfectly flaky croissant with medium cooked egg, bacon, tomato, spinach and cheddar cheese ($8.50). I was surprised on the first bite when I realized that they actually cooked the egg medium. The yolk was just slightly runny and the whites completely solid, so who ever is cooking in the kitchen knows how to cook an egg right! Next time though I hold the tomato, while tasty on its own I think the sandwich would have been better off without it, dulled the flavors slightly.Also tried the ciabatta with hard egg, bacon, onion and Havarti cheese. Once again the egg was perfectly cooked and all of the flavors came through. The ciabatta was perfectly chewy yet not difficult to eat. This combo was a sure fire hit!Friendly, approachable, interesting and sincere are all qualities that I admire and try to live by. Toast Breakfast Boutique, not only seems to share those same qualities but never pretends to being something it's not.
5	TOAST is a awesome welcome to our town....the space is small boutique style...something you'd see in larger cosmopolitan city's.....the food is mostly organic and all local suppliers within 20 mile radius...they serve nyc egg sandwich, the best i've ever had...and being a new yorker i know what i'm tawking about...hey joey.....and a choice of items that you don't normally see on a breakfast menu.....they have one of the best menu's i've ever seen...just try it and i promise, it will be one of your best restaurants that you have been to..."toast breakfast boutique...
5	So this is a little secret i'm gonna blow! Toast was soooo amazing! located on 7th st just past Thomas, on East side of street. The food was out of this world. I had an delicious smoked salmon sandwich on ciabatta, and my friend had an egg and veggie sandwich with cheese.  The coffee is great served in Big mugs, and the staff is so enjoyable! I recommend this restaurant to everyone, meat lovers or vegetarians, all will like! Yummy!!!!! You must go! DO IT!
5	The message I received was drip is toast. I don't drink coffee... a terrible character fault, I know... but Gina and her partner are wonderful hosts and have made a cozy little space to serve delicious food and drinks (I get the chai tea with soy milk.) I like that computers are no where to be seen, only happy people eating and drinking and enjoying conversation. This is a lovely little place, a gem. I enjoy every visit. It is especially nice to bring new people in that haven't been before (so invite a friend to brunch because it is a nice surprise.) The service is great, the food is made fresh, and everything I've tried is delicious, even my five year old loved her nutella on toast. Good things come in small packages and toast illustrates this perfectly.
2	i really, really, reeeeaaaally wanted to like toast since it's in my 'hood and is a small, female-owned business. i really did.PROS1. small, female-owned business in cenPho2. excellent coffee (i had an americano, my companion had a coffee)3. friendly service from (i assume) the owner herself4. toast uses a portable credit card terminal (which helps with con#4 below, since moving around in the establishment is uncomfortable)CONS1. it's a little awkward to have to stand and stare directly at the people seated under the menu on the wall2. our creamer pot was removed from our table mid-meal and given to the table next to us without so much as an explanation from the woman who did it. perhaps they need more creamer pots? either way, an explanation or apology and especially a "will you be using more creamer?" would have gone a long way.3. my breakfast sandwich was merely medicore, and at $8.50 i hope the produce was grown organically out back and the bacon was house-cured. but i'm pretty sure it wasn't. go to le grand orange if you are looking for a spectacular, mouthwatering breakfast sandwich. much cheaper, too.4. boutique is a nice word for "tiny," but we're not talking tiny in a cozy matt's big breakfast kind of way, we're talking tiny in a cold, crammed cafeteria kind of way. 5. they were out of the item my companion wanted. i realize this DOES happen in the restaurant industry, but you'd think they'd be stocked with brioche on the weekends. after informing us they were out of the french toast, they would not accommodate his request for a la carte items because it "isn't on the menu." *sigh* unfortunately, i will not be returning to toast. if you're in the 7th street and virginia area, head a few blocks south to coronado cafe for a good solid breakfast in a quaint, cozy, converted house.cheers.lola
5	We have found our new Favorite Breakfast Sandwich at  the Restaurant: TOAST, in Central Phoenix.  It all starts with MJ Bread and then Perfectly Prepared/Seasoned Marriage of Egg, Meat: (Sausage -or- Bacon),  Cheese, Tomato, Spinach and Onion.  Latte's are frothy with Rich Coffee Flavor and the Scones are to die for.Do yourself a treat and stop by this Intimate, Hip, Casual, UP-Beat, spot.   Be Kind to your Tummy - Life is too short for Mediocre Food.  Put Toast on your list and ENJOY.
2	When I heard about Toast, I thought what a great niche idea. So, I went on a weekday morning. I know it's the same staff as Drip and they are super nice. I really approached this place wanting to like it. I have to say, the cons outweigh the pros. First of all, it's fortunate that I was not in a hurry. We waited at least 25 minutes for our order. And the few customers that were in the restaurant were already finished eating. We were waiting for French toast, the toast with mozzarella and roasted tomato and toast with fig jam and mascarpone cheese. Perhaps the wait was long because they were roasting tomatoes? If that's the case, there should be a tiny disclaimer. Secondly, the French toast, in my opinion, was not worth $8.50. The bread wasn't especially thick. You can get just as good for cheaper at Over Easy. I also think $3 for tea is a bit overpriced. Maybe they have to do that to make a profit for organic ingredients or special beverages. The tinier dining space I can live with. I think even a restaurant housed in a sardine can would fare well if people really feel the food is worthwhile. I wish Toast well but it's doubtful I'll be going back any time soon.
4	I've driven by this place a hundred times but didn't notice until I was on the hunt for breakfast one weekday morning. And indeed, it turned out to be a delicious secret.The restaurant is small, similar to Matt's Big Breakfast. It isn't warm with lots of windows, but is more modern in design with sleek tables and a simple serving area. The food is pricier, but well worth the personal attention each food item receives. I enjoyed a chocolate milk (no such thing as fat free here) and their very simple french toast (with real maple syrup). My companion had a regular coffee that he said was better than most Phoenix area coffee shops.I went on a Wednesday morning at 8am and we were two of four people there. I could see how it would be very crowded during the weekend, but for a quick bit before work, no place is better.
5	came here for "brunch" (whatever that means, technically, i don't know) on a saturday around 1 and we had the whole place to ourselves. it's not very big, about 6 tables and a bar, but it adds to the local homey feel of it. the waitress was very welcoming and got us some coffee to start. toast seems to specialize in breakfast sandwiches which are served on ciabatta bread from a local bakery.  i went with a sandwich that is reminiscent of a mozzarella caprese, except with bacon and a hard egg on it.order up within about 10 minutes and gone in about 5. the coffee was delicious, i'm [assuming] it is the same coffee they serve next door at drip.  the sandwich was to die for. the ciabatta bread was delicious.  bacon was thick, smokey, and crisp. it was exactly what i was looking for that day. sometimes i need a lighter alternative to matt's big breakfast and toast definitely hit the spot. all of their sandwiches are made with fresh, organic ingredients and the flavors shine through. i will definitely be back to try more of their tasty sandwiches.
5	i really get a kick out of these 2 star ratings..i guess it's like chocolate ice cream either you like it or you don't...but don't pay attention to the 2 star ratings because this is one of the best places that you will ever eat...THE BEST EGG SANDWICH AND COFFEE ON THE BLUE PLANET...
2	Yet another restaurant following the tried and true formula for urban eateries--(1) pick a concept; (2) find a single syllable word that is an example of your concept (I think the proper name for this literary device is synecdoche); (3) open in Central Phx (preferably between the 7s); and (4) charge way too much money for whatever you are serving.The concept here is fine, I guess.  I like toast as much as the next person.  But to feed my wife and me cost me about $30.  For toast and coffee.  I guess my sad little piece of toast had an even more sad and little piece of smoked salmon on it.  I also bought a pretzel to take to the Dbacks game later that afternoon.  I never imagined a pretzel could actually be worse than the bland styrofoam thing they call a pretzel at Chase Field.Anyway, no thanks.  Hopefully the downtown allegiance of hipsters can tame their collective hard-on, find a new place, and Toast can become something worth eating.  I have no problem being price-raped by a local indie eatery, but they best come with their A game, or at the very least, a reach-around.
5	too many 2 star reviews for a first class restaurant...i think there is too many denny's fans in this one horse town!!!!! the ghost of matt k must be one of them...
2	5/19/102.5 stars.Didn't really care for the interior, and the tables outside weren't beckoning, either.  It was very antiseptic and cold indoors, with only the menu handwritten on the chalkboard, the plain-looking pastry display case (devoid of any ornamentation or even a sign of any effort in making everything inside presentable), and, what looked to me, an antique-looking espresso machine on the counter to lend decoration to the all-white interior.  It was also very noisy indoors, despite the fact that there were only a handful of people!  Ordered the Mascarpone and fig jam on marble rye ($4) and the Lox w/ cream cheese and tomato ($8 or $9), as well as a latte, no sugar.  The coffee came in a paper cup... why?  Made me feel like she wanted me to leave.  Loved the mascarpone and fig!  (So much so, I soon acquired a jar of organic fig jam from Whole Foods, but I need to find good marble rye toast...)  The lox, however, was disappointing.  While I found the flavors palatable, I thought the lox strips were too thin (I had lox at True Foods Kitchen that were wild-caught and larger for only a couple of dollars more), and the cream cheese rectangles looked strange with its right angles (after seeing such a lovely presentation done w/ the Mascarpone and fig jam).  Made me wish I'd had two sets of the toast!It was nice to see that they still roasted the coffee beans on-site.  I wish nothing but success to Toast, but I won't be going back-- at least not for a good long while...
5	Great coffee & their NYC sandwich is fabulous!
