4	Oh Dell Taco, how I love you.  I know, I know, I'm reviewing the local Dell Taco?  Who does that?  However, I've eaten dinner here about six out of the past seven days, so I feel that I'm justified in writing this review.  I pretty much only get the 1/2 pound bean & cheese burrito, the chicken soft taco, and maybe the bean & cheese cup.  Mmm good; make sure to smother everything in hot sauce.  I once threw in a Macho burrito and ate the whole thing; but that was a mistake because it was about the size of my thigh, ugh.  Seriously, way too much food.  I've only ever gone through the drive-thru for dinner and late night.  The workers are nice; very diverse -- there's an African-American guy with crazy hair who works the night shift, a nice Hispanic girl who works the evenings, and a nondescript middle-aged white guy who works the weekends.  Anyway, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come to this Dell Taco specifically, but it's close to my house, so I go, way too much.
4	I am a super fan of Del Taco! This is the cheapest, yummiest place any time of day! Whenever my friend and I go traveling this is the place we miss the most. In Europe they dont have Mexican food (well they do kinda but for some reason there is no spice and it is all made of kidney beans and corn... yuck!) and the first thing we do when we get home is head to Del Taco for the comfort of their yummy, cheesy  Half Pound Bean and Cheese Burrito with Green Sauce for $.99 and the Chicken Spicy Jack Quesadilla for like $2.79 or something. When I went to visit friends on the other side of the country recently, they were talking about what they missed from back home and inevitably it was Mexican food... specifically Del Taco. I almost cried when I found out that Del Taco isnt national. I think I am addicted to the stuff because I just cant do without it. The best thing is that they are open like 24 hours a day. They have hot cinnamony Churros for $.99 too! If you are doing something like Weight Watchers too they have a regular Bean & Cheese Burrito that is like 6 point or something I think. I read it somewhere but you can check it out.Even so If I die from a Del Taco heart attack I will die happy!Hey one more thing DEL TACO EMPLOYEES PLEASE BE CONSISTANT! The portions and flavors lately have been inconsistant. Thank you!
5	Honestly, I thought I was going to be the first on this one! No matter. Del Taco! You are made of crack cocaine my friend. You are in my neck of the woods! you live on 3rd street, I live on 3rd street! Seriously, my friend and I try to stay away but we visit almost nightly! The place is open all hours and we pretty much know all the workers by name. We spend about $8 a night here but that's chump change. They have GREEEEN burritos! They are the best. The spicy jack quesadilla. best. Veggie Works. best. veggie works. again, best! Don't ask me about the meat stuff. That's gross. Ask me about the Tostadas! I just discovered them. Definitely NOT Taco Bell. For the record, I do not like the elementary school cafeteria french fries or the nachos. The breakfast? meh. whatever! Also, last time I had a strawberry shake there, it was like a STRAWBERRYMILKSHAKEPEOPLE. Don't eat anything but the MILD sauce and you're good to go! Tonight I made a home-made burrito at home and still put Del's mild sauce on it. mmmmmama!
4	Not going to lie, I honestly tell myself this place is healthier than Taco Bell. Sure it's rationalizing, but I don't care, I love eating here.My favorite heart-attack inducing item is the chicken quesadilla (made with REAL CHEESE. You hear that, Taco Bell? You even know what real cheese is?) coupled with some sort of taco or burrito or whatever the hell else I randomly pick from the menu.I keep away from anything fried, cause I'm eating healthy, right? Right?
4	Okay so I have to make a confession... Del Taco has some of the tastiest Chocolate Fudge Cake around. In addition to the nummy little thing being just the right amount for under $1.50, you can get it at 3:00 a.m. when there is no hope of finding such a treat elsewhere.You will never catch me having a crispy shrimp taco (the idea of seafood from a fast food place makes me want to hack), but holy bajeebus... that cake is like crack!
4	good nearby joint. It's a franchise.. pretty much the same wherever you go.. decent.
5	It's so funny reading all the reviews about del taco because...well IT'S DEL TACO! I'm stationed down in sierra vista where we only have taco bell....which SUCKS!!!!! and if any of you reading this knows where that is, no need to feel sorry for this guy because I will be moving up here in a few months. Literally everytime I visit Phoenix i stop at this del taco because it's close to where I stay. There food really must have crack in it because I can't stay away from this place everytime I come up.Del taco in general is always clean. The staff is kinda slow at this one but it's Sunday and everyone is at brunch/church whatever lol.  All in all thank god for del taco, and there delicious big fat chicken tacos!!
4	Great latenight takeout
1	Ug, never had been, never will go again.  It's a sad thing when Taco Bell is better than something.
3	I can't help it, I love the chicken tacos. Why do they have to be soo cheap & tasty! ?
4	It is what it is, DON'T JUDGE ME.I just moved to Central Phoenix and one of the first things I looked for was the nearest Del Taco (which I admit is pretty pathetic considering all of the great food options near my house). I used to live in Tempe and there was a location at University and Rural that I used to frequent on late nights for the longest time. Sadly, it's been closed and replaced by some random chicken place.Went here twice the past weekend. Love those veggie burritos with the red sauce! I also tried some nachos-wouldn't really recommend it. Super fast & cheap, great for a quick lunch or dinner-which is exactly the point.
4	Well this definitely doesn't look like much from the outside but I can say this is better than Taco Bell! Enjoyed the spicy chicken quesadillas and chicken taco. Has a little kick to it, but nothing that us too spicy and won't make your nose run.  Great place to grab a quick, but enjoyable, meal!
3	do not get their coffee. ive never tasted anything worse. otherwise, their tacos are great.
1	Even one star is to much for the Del Taco located at 4101 N 67th Ave, Phoenix, AZ 85033. Corporate seriously need to take a look at management at this store. I have been going to Del Taco's for many years in many states and this one SUCKS. They are rude, slow and always seem to be out of things. One night I go through the drive through Im the only car and I wait almost 45 minutes between ordering and getting my food then I ask for The Del Scorcho sauce not other ones. the girl at the window said she put some of all of them in my bag. I said I did not ask for the others I asked for Del Scorcho only she looked at me like I was retarded and well I never got the sauce I wanted. Tonight I go to the same one to order a fiesta pack, they said they where out of beans for the next 2 hours they did not offer to substitute the bean burritos with taco again they looked at me like I was retarded.This store id dirty most the time the employees seem to only want to be there to collect a check not to work. I believe this is it I do not believe Ill be going to Del Taco any more. So for others that go to this store I warn you beware!!!!
4	Soft. Chicken. Tacos.I swear that stuff is so addictive. Just the right amount of blandness (which you can spice up with the mild or hot sauce packets).Some days there are sales on where you can buy 10 soft chicken tacos for $10.That stuff is usually gone really fast when I buy all 10..Also great as hangover food, and for lining your belly before a party.Even breakfast!
2	Filibertos a d Taco Bell are WAY better!  Del Taco (in my opinion) is amingst the weakest (if not the weakest) of fast food Mexican.  Just sayin!
4	People are rageing about the chicken tacos, but don't sleep on the Double Dell Cheeseburger - a damn tasty burger! It goes great with the Deluxe Chili Cheese fries.  And top that 1,000 calorie bad boy with a small diet coke... :)
