2	Went to the Santa Monica branch last Holidays (It is now closed - no surprise). Fillings & toppings are just too sweet - no real flavor. Also the pastry itself is nothing special. Shop was empty but we had to wait 10 minutes for the goods, not  fresh fried - just nuked and filled. Concept is bound to fail.Go to Bashas or your favorite donut shop for a better fried and filled pastry.
3	OK, yeah, they are churros. But the Jordan's favorite, filled with nutella then dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with dark chocolate, yum. Shove some nutella in deep fried dough and I'm there. However, I'm not loving the price, around $9 for two? Really? But I do love to grab them and sneak them in the movie theater, don't tell. And here's a way to bump up those stars, get some real Spanish hot chocolate, not the carnation instant stuff, don't pee on my head and tell me its raining like you did with the "Spanish fritters" I'm talking the thick rich hot chocolate you could actually find in Spain. Just an idea
1	If I was able to label this as 0 stars, I would have. But I cannot.It has been a very long time since I have written a review. I'm usually always using yelp to figure out if I want to eat somewhere unfamiliar by reading other reviews.  We should have read the reviews for this place before heading out - but we all love churros, how could it be bad, right?I will not make this a long post as I, as a reader, generally just skip through most of it to find out whether the place is nay or yay - so here goes...The place was absolutely empty.  The "xooro" was about $5 a pop.  Super expensive when it came to around $28 for the 4 that we ordered.   When they say they make it fresh, it is NOT fresh.  They grab a "xooro" that's been sitting there for who knows how long because when we bit into our own xooro's, it was hard.  I guess when they mean "fresh", they mean they will shove whatever flavor you want into the xooro and coat it in the mass amounts of chocolate that's been sitting out for a while.The weirdest part?  They put it in some machine that makes it come out COLD.  I guess it's to harden up the chocolate that it was soaked in, but who eats cold churro's?  On top of that, it took the kid about 5 minutes to make 1 xooro and then when he placed it in the machine to make it cold, we had no idea so we stood there and stared at him wondering where our xooro went.  This place will be out of business soon. Mark my words.Our xooro's went into the trash after 1 bite.
1	I was intrigued by the concept of Spanish fritters with enticing fillings and toppings, but unfortunately, I was disappointed.  My husband and I took advantage of the 3 for the price of 2 offer, but we had both had enough after trying just a few bites of each one. The fritters sounded delicious...maple bacon, tiramisu, and chocolate coconut. But sweetness overkill was all I experienced, and I was not fond of the texture (was looking forward to the crisp of a churro, with a creamy filling, but the chocolate and other coatings made the effect more chewy. To be fair, Xooro advertisements state that the fritters are not churros.  But also, I had assumed that the staff would make the fritters to order, but they were pre-made.Fritters and coffee drinks are offered by the establishment, but unfortunately that is not enough of a draw to entice me to come back.
1	Very expensive for what they are. Basically sugar coated sugar. The desserts look delictable, but we ended up throwing away the majority of what we bought. Certainly not worth what I spent.
1	It's been awhile since I have written a review and the first bad one at that. I wish I would have looked this place up before I wasted my money. The concept sounded good, but the product was really lacking.The Churro was very stale tasting and not a pleasant texture at all.  The ingredients that were added seemed to be a good quality and I will say that it wasn't overly sweet. The staff  were nice, but they were throwing the fritters to each other then handing it to you. So when I opened the box all the nuts came out of the box into my hand.We tried the coconut and white chocolate and the Dolce de Lecha fritters. I could barely detect a coconut flavor and the other had no caramel flavor at all.
