3	It's a Taco Bell... How much different could it be from every other Taco Bell out there???Everything was pretty good here. Average. Nothing to rave about. My nachos bell grande actually had enough of everything on them without making my chips soggy. Especially enough cheese! The guy taking our orders was having none of my humor :( There are NO mirrors in the bathroom! Wtf is this nonsense? Also, the big wooden stall doors tend to slam. *BAM!* yikes! *jump* *cringe*I know the water comes out of the same nozzle as a soda, but it came out brownish. I know this because I set my little clear water cup down on the sink. I really really hope that was just soda residue.
2	They have got to have the worst soda in town. Half the time it doesn't even taste like what you order. And what's with this drive through diet thing they are promoting? It will give you the runs so bad you will lose weight or what?
2	cheap ... but better than the one on dysart
4	Always friendly and fast.The food never seems to be watered down like some other shops we have visited.
1	Worst service ever!  11 minutes to get my order inside with only 2 people in  front of me.  They pay attention to the drive through only, and that too looks slow. Dont go here!  They are rude too!
4	Great staff... The young gal at the Drive Thru is amazing.. Very friendly and professional... XXL nacho with xtra beef is the way to go..
2	Not terrible but not good. We went here the other night and I got fresco tacos and there was hardly anything but lettuce on it! Better luck next time I guess.
1	Stopped by for a quick lunch on a Sunday.  Parking lot didn't have many cars.  Now I know why.  This place needs a good cleaning (inside and out).  Parking lot had trash everywhere.  I had to wipe the table off with a napkin before I could sit down.  Staff didn't seem too interested in working if you know what I mean.  Management must have taken the day off.  I won't be back ... Ever.
2	The service is ok, I usually go through the drive thru, always friendly. However, I live 15 miles away, but was the most convenient, and EVERYTIME I get home without checking the order, half of my order is wrong. I began to check my order before I leave and it's been helpful. But I shouldn't have to check their work. I am highly allergic to onions, I always order no onions, and they always put onions on my food, most of the time, it's looks like extra onions. Whenever I get tostadas (figure I would be safe with that), the beans are cold, not cooled off, but actually cold like they took them straight from the fridge. Long story short...I won't EVER go back to this location. I will drive the extra 5 to 10 miles to go to somewhere else. On average, I spend $20-30 every time I go, I'm feeding a family of 6. Their loss of my money...so sad!!!
4	The tacos are good.  Pay attention if you use the drive through.  The person at the window might short change you.  Our $7.88 order had  a $20 offered as payment.  The person at the window quickly gave me $10.12 not $12.12 and they turned away from me.  When I brought it to their attention, they did not seem surprised and I got the other $2.  I think the manager should know about this.
