4	nice set up. great furniture. good selection of (low priced) international beers on tap.There is great international flavour here - being part of Smart City Hotels attributes to that. I am so pleased I 'bumped' into this place when walking over blackfriar's Street in Old Town.The booths, sofa's and chairs are comfortable and well spaced. The big high up wooden tables are supplying warmth and enough space to eat. The food selection is an eclectic selection but suitable mix of international startes and bar meals. They have a well covered outdoor patio - even a second tier overlooking the courtyard.What do you say? Students? Sure - If I was one I would too! But mostly (young) guests of associated Smart City Hotel. - playing pool and using the FREE WiFi on a variety of laptops and smart tablets. A really good thing is that they do Snap fax - 20% of food & drink! - but they also have their own Bar50 discount card offering the same deal! Very pleased and will be returning for some chill out time
4	This bar was in the ground level of the hostel we stayed at. It became the evening meet-up spot once everyone rolled out of bed from their afternoon naps and homework. The place worked well for this because they have many couches, comfy chairs, as well as standard dining tables and seating. With free Wi-Fi, this was a good place to waste some time waiting on others.The food and drinks here are very reasonably priced, especially if you use the 20% discount they offer. It was easily the cheapest place to get drunk that we could find in the whole royal mile area. We were getting pitchers of rum and coke for 15 pounds. A pitcher apiece led to some great games of billiards and sing-alongs to the bands they had brought in. Pitchers of lager were 10 pounds. Not bad. The pizza and burgers were pretty good too. The morning lunch buffet they offer also had a wide selection of items, eggs, bacon, hagis, cold cereal, milk, juice, coffee, toast, fresh fruit - all for a fixed price. A pretty good deal.It was a fun place to start off each night! We made friends with some other tourists and students and partied with them at other clubs. It's not really a bar or a nightclub, more like the dorms or student commons area of a university - except you can get drunk!
4	Pretty nice place. It's good pretty cheap but good food and sometimes life music and more. Free Wifi with the PASSWORD "smartbar50" is also available! :)
3	Good place to have a drink with friends and possibly to meet new people as it's the bar right down the hostel. They've got wifi which is a plus but the table service is quite average, a bit slow even, and the quality of food wasn't that good either to be honest. Also, they have a too short menu... We ordered three burgers and a salad and all of them were dry and lacking flavour, at least to my taste. Drinks and service at the bar were good though!
