5	I wish I could give this place ten stars. I moved back to Boston 3 years ago from going to college out in Arizona and I miss this place more than I miss the weather and golf. This location was constructed while I was living there and I honestly ate this place 5 times a week, whether if it was for a meal, snack or even just a drink, they had "Happy Hour" for their slushes and drinks on the weekdays. It is such a tease to see the Sonic ads on in Boston, even though the ads are really lame, but the food is great. Sonic makes unreal onion rings, burgers, breakfast sandwiches and of course the tots. I suggested if you can go to Sonic go and if you live near a Sonic I am jealous. The closest one to me is in Delaware and I on some lazy Sundays I ponder making the 10 hour ride each way just to enjoy some Sonic.
4	Well i see no one mentioned this sonic is down the street from the Scottsdale 6 drive-in. I seen one the yelpers wrote that there are not many drive thru sonic's anymore...you are wrong there my friend. If you go down south...Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, etc...you will find plenty of them. This is the only sonic in fact that i have seen made like this one...because this is a rare establishment...but that is what makes it so great. The red phones only exist here...and they fact they have no drive-in is totally wild...but cool as well. The menu is full of you classic sonic goodies from the burgers and fries....to the slushes and limeades. The desserts are also the same as are the great tots and footlongs...but the true gem of this place is the indoor seating area once again with the red phones..i simply loved the place. Not to mention once again you can buy your food here for cheap and then take it down to the drive-in movie and your all set for the night...check out the pics this place is a must see. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	I don't particularly like eating in my car and I didn't even know Sonic had any "eat in" restaurants, so I was pleasantly surprised when I happened upon this location.  The ordering via phone was unique and the service was quick and friendly.  It almost felt like I was eating at a full-service restaurant by the way every worker that passed asked if everything was all right and if they could get us anything else.  The restaurant was also well-kept.  I try not to make it a habit to eat footlong chili dogs and tator tots, but when I get a craving, this is a great spot to get them!
3	I was having Arizona withdrawal when I wrote my 1st Sonic review. I like Sonic, they have great drinks and pretty good food. I am a huge fan of the creamslushes and enjoy their tots. The burgers are average but the Texas Toast is a bonus. I was wrong to give out 5 stars but its still good. I am saving my 5 star reviews for unreal places and Hanover eateries I want to stay in business.
4	Sonic always has what I'm looking for late at night: Sonic Blasts and Limeades.  I'm not a big fast food fan, but when I'm in the mood for it, Sonic can satisfy.The service is fine, and the line is never too long.
4	It's been a while since I've eaten at a Sonic.  What drew me in was a coupon in the mail for 2 for 1 premium Hot Dogs.  They have a new menu of premium Hot Dogs and they looked very tempting, so I grabbed my coupon and headed for this location.I decided to order:Chicago Hot Doghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Crz3YPKbXdRzftigOr62_w?select=aQgi3VN_Cj_GKf6BsuD8CANew York Hot Doghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Crz3YPKbXdRzftigOr62_w?select=3vkk0sdl_Fv-soALmxy0lgCheeseburgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Crz3YPKbXdRzftigOr62_w?select=xefpZG1PaZqwR9msB56xiwSince I'm a big fan of Chicago Dogs, I went for the Chicago Hot Dog first.  Based on it's appearance, it looked promising.....except the Relish wasn't colored Car Coolant Green like the real Dogs in Chicago.  I took a bite and was pleased.....it was "close", very close to a real Chicago Dog.Next up was the New York Dog.  It was OK, not as good as the Chicago Dog.The Burger was OK too......better than most fast food joints.The one weird thing about this restaurant location is that if you decide to dine inside, you order through a phone and someone from the back brings it out to you.....strange, very strange.Overall, not a bad fast food option.  Will come back for the Dogs again.  Gave it 4 Stars.....was really rounding up from 3.5.Return Factor - 77%
4	One of the few indoor sit down Sonics I've encountered.  I've always had fast and friendly service here.  Their seasonal pumpkin pie shake is quite tasty!
3	They server burgers for breakfast!  Full menu is available all day, which is a huge plus for me and anyone else who prefers a burger and fries over an egg muffin/bagel/croussant to start out the day.I know that BK and JIB also do this, but these are superior burgers with fresh lettuce and tomatoes.  This place would rate 3 1/2 stars if that was an option.  I haven't tried the new hot dogs on the menu, but I have heard they are worth the price (a couple of bucks).
2	For the  first time, after many a visits, I went here and it was very disappointing.First, I only live a half a block away and my food was cold when I got home.I am talking less then 5 minutes, hello MCFLy!! I was up-sold a corn dog for a dollar and it was cold and over cooked. The fries were a greasy mess and the chicken strips were almost hard as a rock. The gal that took my order could care less that I was customer, pretty sad. I use to always go there- and loved the food-  and this is my last time for awhile. I took the online survey at www.talktosonic.com and my review was not a good one. I will not be recommending this specific Sonic to anyone anytime soon.How can a fast food drive thru get it so wrong?. I man really people.
3	I think I am beginning to outgrow Sonics now that I am no longer an undergrad college student. Their food is meh although I keep going back for their drinks.// SERVICE // This location is not a drive-in, but actually a drive through like any other fast food place. The server still brings your food out to your car though as oppose to handing it through a window// FOOD //      + Strawberry limeade: My go-to drink at all Sonic's. Fizzy, tart, and topped with chunks of real strawberries.      + Tater tots: My other Sonic's fave. Not all fast-food eateries offer tater tots so I always order these to as a throwback to my elementary school days     + Breakfast Burrito: Hearty, although nothing to write home about. This Sonics currently has a promotion for a breakfast burrito and drink for $2.99.
1	Really disappointed in the experience I had tonight. I come here often and happened to be driving by with a car full of people. It was 11:55 PM, was not sure if they were open, but the OPEN neon sign was on. As I was turning in off the road, saw a car at the drive thru ordering. Two very good signs they were open. And yes we verified the time on our cellphones.Pulled up to the speaker and was refused service because the computer locks at midnight. I've worked a POS system before and it does not refuse service especially when it wasn't even midnight yet. When questioned, the employee was incredible rude to us. But of course the car in front of us got service.Extremely disappointed. Lesson: don't go here after 11 PM there computers might be "locked". I will not be bringing my business back here.
2	Okay, so I'm not gonna "review" this Sonic. I mean, it's a Sonic. It is what it is. For fast food it's  okay, and they have a bigger variety of menu items compared to other fast food places, which is nice, but there's one think that irks me about THIS Sonic (when I would probably give most of them 3 stars)...they don't have an area where you drive up, park, place your order, and have someone deliver your food (and IIRC, occasionally by roller skates)! It's either drive-thru or walk-in, like any other fast food place!To me, the whole drive-up & park is Sonics "thing." It's what sets them apart from other fast food places (okay besides the hot dogs, whatever that frito/cheese thing is, the sandwiches on toast, as well a gazillion types of drinks). Sorry (this) Sonic, but I've experienced better.
4	Ya know, it's Sonic.  They've some decent prices (wishing they had more dollar items myself, but hey....) and their food is often decent to good.  I can't see Sonic ever getting a 5 star review in the local magazines but for fast food, it's pretty good.  Just sorry they dont have carside service at this one.
1	So sad that the old Sonic is not around Scottsdale. The staff use to be so nice. I went to this Sonic HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!No refills on drinks you have to buy another drink. Staff is not very nice and hate the drive thru.Will not go back.
1	The people that work there dont care about their job at all. I'm Pregnant so at 8 pm when happy hour comes my boyfriend and I like to go get a shake and malt. Every time I go through the drive through I always ask politely to put extra malt in. But it seems the one guy shaun is the only one who seems to understand when I ask for extra malt I mean extra malt. I am now to my point of not even coming to sonic to get anything since the employees dont Care. The other thing that makes me crazy is when we get the receipt they put on it that they charged me for the exrtra malt but we still dont get extra malt. Customer service is semi okay some of the girls need to stop being braty and except the fact that they work at sonic.
1	Why do I continue to come back here?  Because its the only place open to get an ice cream float. Consistently wrong orders even when asked to repeat the order back. Daytime is a little better with about 50 percent success. After 9 pm, no shot. What is the name of the district manager please? Uh, uh, you mean the store manager?  No. We don't have one. Left messages for the store manager twice. No callback. Filled out the 10 minute survey- no feedback. Your products are not horrible but your service is the worst. Step it up guys.
5	A fine dining establishment. Reccomend the blue powerade slushie.  It is an international delight.
4	Tried them for the very first time yesterday afternoon.Aside from not knowing that you paid the young kid standing outside w/your treats, I think I did okay. I ordered a single cheeseburger with all the fixin's and a small soda. Burger were pretty tasty! They could have gone a little lighter w/the mayo, but overall - not too shabby!I've heard rave reviews on their tots as well - can't wait to try these puppies some other day. Oh, and all of their slushies and shakes.
1	I hadn't had much trouble from Sonic before, but the food today was awful. I had a craving for chili cheese fries and when I got the bag they had put the container sideways so it was basically upside down. On them they put the dregs of the chili sauce that was so salty it was awful. And it was microwaved! The interior of the mess was molten lava hot and the fries were dried out from microwaving. Total lack of caring. It was gross.
1	Went through during a "Happy Hour", so was please to get a large Slurpy for $1.18.Unfortunately, the waitress made a big deal out of making change,   She gave me back $3.18 out of $5.   My fault for not checking, but as I pulled away, I definitely felt she was trying to short change me...just did not want to stop and look until I was  at a light down the road.On top of being short changed, she borrowed a $1 from another girl who was in training...my guess is that girl never got the $1 back.The Slurpy was lousy.
5	Best sonic on the planet.  The ladies are friendly and prompt. The indoor area is clean with tvs and shit. Never waiting, never screw with my food or my order. Haha. They just checked on me again..I guess I better leave before I order more shit..lol
