3	Location: It is a bit ghetto but still centrally located.Apartments: The normal 1 bedroom and multi-bedroom units are pretty standard however, the upgraded one bedroom is quite nice with a unique floor plan that I liked very much. The bedroom is tucked nicely away down a hallway from the main living area. The patio is accessible from both the bedroom and main living area. The kitchen is centrally located. The in unit washer and dryer are located right next to the spacious closet.I cannot comment on the other units but the one bedroom upgraded apartment is great.Neighbors: Neither great nor terrible in the nicer part of the apartments. It is my opinion that single people with good incomes are placed in one part of the apartments and people with children or bad incomes are placed in another but I cant say for sure it just seemed that way to me. So if you were in the nicer part the neighbors were ok. If you were in the not so nice part then the neighbors were a bit much.Parking: One reserved spot but the not reserved spots are tiny and there are not enough. Have to buy your own clicker for the gate that encloses the community and it is usually in disrepair.Amenities: Pool, hot tub, free gym (Pool is in ok shape)Management: This is where these apartments fail. The management is very friendly when you sign up but once you are in they treat you like just another apartment number. I was referred when I moved in and then they tried not to pay the referral. I fought with them for a couple weeks and they eventually paid it. My cousin lived here for years and was well aware when monthly rent was greatly reduced for new residents but they would not give him the same deal when his lease was up. All in all it is ok because of the bad management, good single upgrade apartment layout, central location but bad neighborhood.
5	Love this place! Best place in the area!! My children love all the activities!!!Management has parties every weekend.
2	Montevida was a decent place to live for the year we were there. It became more inconvenient to get in and out as the light rail construction ramped up. The office staff had a "Can I help you?" type of attitude as soon as the lease was signed as oppose to the "How may I help?" they treat you with when trying to lure you in. The maintenance was okay. They usually had a quick fix approach as oppose to fully solving the problem. The apartment layout was nice and unique, spacious closets, nice bathroom. My BIGGEST complaint was how they advised me to have the carpet professionally cleaned when we moved out, so that they would not include this as deduction from our security deposit refund.  After turning it a signed receipt from the cleaning company (as requested), they have failed to remove this as deduction. After multiple visits and six months later, they have failed to refund this.
