5	I stomped over to this new location last Saturday after yet another night of tossing and turning on my old mattress.I had been researching a particular type of mattress for a while, but was dreading the actual shopping trip, since I've had a few lousy mattresses in the last 8 years.I was greeted by Chelsi, and she brought me right over to the mattress I wanted to see.  It was a bit too soft, so she asked me several questions before pointing out two others, both of which were memory foam.  I had always avoided this type, thinking they would be way too soft, but Chelsi took the time to explain how they worked and why she thought I would like them.I sat on them both, but one was....THE ONE.  There were a few other customers in the store, and Chelsi excused herself while I settled in to try that bad boy out for the 20 minute test.  I also spent that time price comparing and checking reviews online. Chelsi brought over a couple of different pillows as well, and I was in Tempurpedic heaven.When she told me they could deliver it the same day, I nearly wept!  Not only did they deliver it as promised, the delivery guys called EARLY to see if I was available.  And they took the old one away, as well.Very convenient location, (the old Club Tan on South Blvd, next to Dunkin' Donuts-but location not yet on website as of this review) good prices/promotions/coupons and knowledgeable staff.  Plus, the best sleep I've had in years!
2	Besides the fact that I think they have a pushy, arrogant sales team, the overall value for what you are getting is not there. I went in to look at mattresses and shop to see what options I had as I have just relocated to Charlotte and was in desperate need of a bed. I was greeted by someone who immediately started asking me questions and pushing me towards the highest price mattresses in the store. After making a remark that I couldn't justify spending $5K on a mattress the sales associate made a rude remark back to me with an arrogant tone as to how I could put a price on my sleep quality, somewhere I spent at least 6-8 hours a day. Fortunately I did find a mattress at another store a few blocks away and am sleeping comfortably. They didn't pressure me to look at their most expensive models or make derogatory comments when I mentioned I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a mattress.
5	Fantastic experience. Clean, welcoming environment. No shady arm-pulling sales tactics, just well informed, sincere and thoughtful sales team who care about getting you the best for your price range.Nick, who sold me my mattress, was a real gentleman and true professional.
4	Great experience! Maybe it's me, but I don't think buying a mattress is a tiny purchase.  So I was semi obsessive about finding a mattress that would suit our preferences. Also their 100 day satisfaction guarantee is hard to beat. We have been in our new set for a week and so far so good!
5	Absolutely awesome experience! I have to admit I was skeptical at first and wasn't going to stop but I'm SO glad I did. I got exactly what I was looking for, a quality firm queen mattress set, and thanks to the wonderful sales rep, Mr. Freeman, I also purchased a pillow to help with my neck problems. The experience along with the amazing deal and finance option for anyone who needs it is an added perk. Mattresses ordered on Saturday and delivered on Monday...can't ask for better service. Do yourself a favor and GO TO MATTRESS FIRM!! They have something for everyone. :)
5	I wanted too Give a kudos to my sales agent Meagan Carroll at the south blvd location. she was extremely professional and a doll to work with. She really made this purchase a easy one hands down! i would recommend Mattress Firm to anyone! -Thanks Meagan!!!
5	We needed a mattress...badly. We shopped around, and I thought I had made my decision. My husband drug me to MF. I was hesitant at first, but by the end, I was feeling confident in buying our mattress from MF. Proctor made me feel at ease, no pressure, reassured me, and even gave us some good marriage advice! I would recommend this store and personnel highly!
