5	My DH and I were is Las Vegas for vacation and decided to do a tour of Hoover Dam to fill up one of our days and get off the strip. I did some research online and found that Comedy on Deck got rave reviews on other sites and decided to book  the Ultimate VIP Hoover Dam Bus Tour. Our tour guide Joni (see picture)  was awesome. She was not only entertaining and made the day go fast, but she was extremely knowledgeable about the dam! The lunch in Boulder City was great (so much better than the buffet the other tour companies go to) and the trip to the chocolate factory was fun. The size of the mini bus was perfect - not too many people. I would highly recommend going with this tour company...it is well worth the few extra $$!
5	1st off we had a groupon for the Grand Canyon tour.  We scored there,  basically it was buy one get one free.~ Guess knowing what I know now, I'd would've paid full price.Our host was Jody...  So funny they have 2 women who work there with similar names.  Anyway she was helpful, informative and just really nice.We had a small tour bus which I like, you get to know all the people in your group and recognize them going about your day.It went faster then I expected.  We had 2 stops along the way.  Since we took the express no lunch was included.  For breakfast they gave us pastry & juice.  So we stopped about 20 minutes from strip in Boulder City.There a few of us picked up lunch items to eat on the bus.  *Food & drinks at Canyon are pricy.  So if you don't want to pay for over priced food, take her up on the stop and get something at the store.We had 3 hours at the Canyon.  Was just about right amount of time I thought.  We got to see everything and didn't feel rushed.  Although we didn't do the Skywalk experience (was $32 and not worth it to me)We got fantastic pictures and although it was chilly with wind and temp it was so worth seeing one of America's best/biggest natural destinations.  Had 1 stop half way through on way back.  Very interesting/colorful stop.  I'll have to post my pics of the Last Stop Saloon!Jody played us a movie which was fun and passed the time.  Although I didn't watch most of it because I took a nice little nap, being up so early in the morning while in Vegas leads to sleeping if you don't have to drive... or at least thats what I think.
5	My sister and I were supposed to go on the Grand Canyon Express tour, but since we were the only two to sign up for that tour on that day, Comedy On Deck set us up with another tour company instead of canceling on us. I cannot speak to the tours provided by COD, but their customer service was excellent in handling what could have been a disappointing day for us. Thank you for the extra effort to ensure that we did not miss out on an incredible experience!
4	We went on this tour and had a great time. Our bus driver was Nicolas and he was really good and reminded me of George Lopez, especially when he had the high pitched voice in his jokes. He also gave us tips on everything Grand Canyon and things to do and save in Vegas. Bought this deal via Groupon, which was an awesome deal. 1 star less because I wasn't aware that they collected $ from us for TAX. No one from their office told me that they will be collecting this even when I had a Groupon when I was on the phone with Tom.  Ah well, still had a great time.
5	I've travelled to many places, and have been on numerous tours and I would just like to say that the Grand Canyon tour I had with your company, was by far one of the best tours I have ever had. Even before going on the tour, I was very impressed with the company. I made my arrangements via e-mail and telephone, and the staff I communicated with were so friendly and accommodating. My sister and I, had a magnificent time, and learned so much from our tour guide, Robert. From the beginning he was very warm and welcoming and seemed to have a genuine passion for what he does. He was very knowledgeable and shared so many interesting facts, that even though I was excessively sleep deprived (gotta love the Las Vegas strip!), I battled to stay awake because I didn't want to miss anything he said. He was very entertaining and naturally enthusiastic and not overly animated like most tour guides who come across as fake, obnoxious and forced to be animated.Our friends did not want to join us because they had already gone on a Grand Canyon tour with different companies (All which have been total "Snooze-a-palloozas"!). When we were telling them about our experience, they kept saying things like, "Oh we didn't get to do that", "We didn't get meals as good as that", "we didn't make those stops", "We didn't get back to Vegas that early"... In other words their tours were very uneventful compared to ours, and they  had wished they tagged along.We had purchased a Groupon Deal that allowed us to have a discount of 51%, but after our tour and hearing the feedback from our friends about other tour companies, I feel I would have paid DOUBLE the regular price for what we experienced.I could go on, and on, and on about how terrific the tour was, but rather  than read this soon-to-be novel, I highly recommend calling or emailing COMEDY ON DECK now, book a tour ASAP!
5	Best "Dam" tour, so much you won't mind spending most of your day, with this tour group! Oh yeah, & the Grand Canyon/Hoover Dam, wasn't bad either.
5	My hubby and I got a Groupon and were off to the Express West Rim Grand Canyon tour.  Our tour guide was Brenda.Right off the bat, she explained that the tour was oversold (not sure how or why that happens) and that the people who did not upgrade to the sit-down breakfast in Boulder City would be getting on a 10-passenger van and get to the canyon quicker.  Cool.  Until  EVERY SINGLE OTHER PERSON upgraded.  Not a huge deal, but the 47 passenger bus was full and we only had 2 on our smaller van that wanted to upgrade.  Meh.I loved hearing about the history of Boulder City.  It was interesting and Brenda answered all of our questions.Immediately after our stop in BC, the air conditioning in our van began working sporadically.  It is the end of June.  In the desert.  It was about 104 degrees.Brenda could not have been more accomodating.  She called the company and explained what was happening.  Long story short, we had a bus waiting for us in Dolan Springs on our way back.  Our level of comfort never quite reached unbearable; windows down made a huge difference.The professionalism of the company impressed me a lot; everyone was very apologetic.   No worries; problem presented, problem solved.Overall, I was thrilled with the tour, the company, OUR GUIDE!I would absolutely use this company again, with or without the groupon.  They exceeded my expectations.
5	We had a fantastic time on our Comedy bus tour to the Grand Canyon. Our bus driver was named Alan and our tour guide Jason. They really did a great job making our trip fun and memorable. We were really surprised with how informative and funny Jason was. He was able to answer every question asked. Alan was just beyond nice and accomodatiing in making sure we were comfortable and safe on the road. The trip was well organized and the time structure explained to us in the beginning was pretty exact. It was very important to my wife and I that we make it back to the city at 4pm to enjoy the rest of our evening and not spend it on the road. We were able to visit both the Grand Canyon and the Hoover Dam during one tour. They surprised us with complimentary muffins and juice in the morning as well as tickets to a couple comedy shows in the evening. We highly recommend Alan and Jason to be your guides for your tour.
5	We thoroughly enjoyed this day at Grand Canyon West.  It was great to leave the driving to someone else as well as sharing camaraderie with the other tourmates.  Every aspect of the tour was as advertised on our Groupon and our tour guide, Jason, made the whole day memorable by offering insider tips and humor.
5	My mother & I went on our Groupon Grand Canyon tour today...what a great time!  I am not a fan of long drives and not sure of what to expect - we were picked up a bit late from Excalibur but we also were the last pick up spot for the morning.  We found both our tour guide and driver to be delightful.  They explained every detail of what to expect throughout our trip...we LOVED the breakfast spot we were at in Boulder City and the fact that our food was ready and waiting upon arrival.  We did buy the Skywalk tickets from the tour and we were glad that we did!  We had a great time on the skywalk and yes - bought the photo package from the gift shop - be prepared to spend a pretty penny - but make sure that you have the photographer take many photos! We were very happy with the USB drive and quality of the pictures.   I don't think I would have changed one thing about the adventure today - The staff at the Grand Canyon were great - the gal at the Hualapai Ranch trading post was awesome...(Morgan? so my receipt says) It was a wonderful trip - I would do this trip again. Allen our driver was great and definitely took care in his driving and I felt very safe.  Just be sure to pay close attention to time - with the bus schedule once you get up to the Grand Canyon - budget your time wisely to fit in the things you want to do/see.  I also appreciate that they provided water for us.
5	This was a great experience!  I am from Atlanta and use groupons when I travel.  This was not only a great value but a great tour and a once in a lifetime opportunity.  Jason our guide was funny and knowledgeable.The meals are tasty and well worth the extra money.  Allowing someone else to drive was a great decision and allowed us to enjoy the Grand Canyon and still return to the hotel with time to swim, walk the strip and enjoy the evening.  If I go back to Vegas - and I will - I will definitely use this tour as well as recommend to friends.
5	Wow! A friend and I went on the "Ultimate VIP Hoover Dam Bus Tour" with them to the Hoover Dam, and we had a blast. We booked them through Look Tours (http://www.looktours.com/hoover-dam-VIP-double-decker.html), and didn't know there was a such thing as a "comedy tour" or that they would be conducting our tour until the bus picked us up, right on the strip at Treasure Island.Our tour guide, Jody, was not only full of fun facts, but hilarious! She was animated and lively, and kept us laughing all the way to the Hoover Dam with dam funny stories. (Yes. You will hear dam jokes throughout the day.) The tour stopped at the new Hoover Dam Bypass bridge, where we were allotted about 20 minutes to take photos. Then, we spent a few hours touring the grounds with Jody, watching the Hoover Dam movie, taking the official Hoover Dam tour, and exploring the gift shop.On the way back to Las Vegas, we stopped at the Southwest Diner for lunch. (Yum!) It was reminiscent of a Southern diner, complete with iced tea served in a mason jar. The portions were decent, but if you enjoy a piece of their pie (YOU MUST), you will walk out of there forced to loosen your belt a bit.Our last stop was the Ethel M's chocolate factory. (Did you know that she was actually Ethel Mars--like M&M/Mars? OK, I won't ruin any more of their surprise facts for you.) I get some of their chocolate every time I go to Las Vegas--it's worth every penny, and neat to see how the chocolate is made. And yes, you get free samples.Jody had a smile on her face all day, and is an extremely skilled and patient tour guide. I highly recommend taking this tour with her and Fil (our driver). For $90, It's a fantastic way to spend half a day while you're in Las Vegas!
5	My daughter and I went on the tour last Friday, it was very enjoyable with no problems. Jason is a very good tour guide, knowledgable, patient and makes you feel very comfortable. Robert the bus driver was very good , and I highly recommend these two when booking a tour through comedy!!!
1	Prior to my trip to Las Vegas I purchased the Groupon for the deluxe tour of the Grand Canyon. My partner and I were so excited about going to the Grand Canyon and thought we had found an excellent deal. However, it was clear from the very beginning that this experience would be a mess and that in no way would it measure up to the other Grand Canyon tours that are offered in the area. At the end of the day we agreed that neither of us felt that the Groupon price was reasonable for what we got, let alone what they claim to be their regular rate.  When we showed up at 6:15 am, early as suggested, the bus was nowhere in sight. Rather, we watched as all the nice buses came and went before noticing our run-down bus at the far end of the rotunda. As we made our way over we learned that there had been some kind of a mix-up and we had to wait for a new bus. This gave us some time to get to know our tour guide Jason who, in an attempt to be personable and friendly, came off as offensive and overbearing.When the new bus finally came it was soon apparent that the air conditioning on the bus couldn't handle the heat generated by a bus at full capacity. It was sweaty, crowded and uncomfortable and at one point the bus even broke down and made two unexpected stops with no explanation. Throughout this endeavor, Jason continued his aggressive attempts at humor, but unfortunately shared no information about the region, the sights, or anything of interest. Instead he took the opportunity to inundate us with his amateur comedy routine which was repetitive and inappropriate and fell flat on his audience. The only redeeming aspect of the tour was the aspect over which the company has no control: the Grand Canyon itself. We also enjoyed the quick stop at the Hoover Dam and the meals were a nice touch. However as we were leaving we realized that we had learned nothing of substance about the attractions, and even though we were supposed to have taken a "guided tour" with Jason we instead endured his egregious "humor" which was laced with sexist undertones and thinly veiled racial assumptions about my partner. Overall,do yourself the favor and hold off for a different tour - cheaper is certainly NOT always better and if I could have done it again I would have paid more to go on any other tour than the one I was on. Major fail!
5	I purchased the Groupon for the VIP Grand Canyon Tour.  I read reviews first so I was hoping it would live up to my expectations, but it exceeded them.  Even with a slight late start they got everyone to the tour bus by calling in help. We left and returned on time.  Our guide, Jody, was amazing - so much knowledge in her head. I learned much more about Hoover Dam, the Grand Canyon, wildlife, plant life, local culture and laughed a ton (even though I was disappointed about it not being a "comedy" tour).  Robert, our driver I think volunteered to cover in a pinch.  He was great, friendly, and didn't hit ANY cows!  You guys were great! We will definitely choose your company next time.
5	My fiancee and I recently purchased a groupon for this tour. Due to the government shutdown, we were worried that the park would be closed. However, the tour was on the west rim, which is owned by the Hualapai Indians, so the tour was business as usual. We paid for the breakfast and lunch, and for breakfast, we stopped by a diner in Boulder City, and the food was tasty and hearty. Our driver and tour guide, Robert, was very knowledgeable, and some what funny. Once at the canyon, and after the 10-15 minute drive up the very bumpy, rough, and rugged road, we finally arrived at the designated parking spot for all civilian vehicles. We exited the bus, and then hopped on a shuttle bus to the first stop, which was the sky walk. Amazing is an understatement. It is pricey to have your pic taken on the skywalk, but that once in a lifetime experience was well worth it. We then hopped another shuttle to Guano point, for more great picture taking opportunities, and for a delicious lunch. Baked chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, mixed veggies, and a smores for dessert. On the ride back, Robert gave an extensive history lesson about Vegas and the surrounding areas. He made great suggestions on places to visit. We stopped at the Hoover Dam on the way back for a 20 minute photo session, then back to the strip we went. I would like to thank Robert and Comedy on Deck Tours for making our first trip to the Canyon and Dam a very memorable one, in a great way!
4	Ok, for starters if you're visiting and don't want to rent a car tours are the only choice you have. Yes, you have to get up early. Yes, they cost a lot of money. But, that's going to happen with all of them. With this being said, we booked this tour because we had a groupon. We paid the extra $20 for breakfast and luch, which I suggest you do. It saves you money and you don't have to worry about finding food. Breakfast is decent at the Omelette house. Lunch is provided to you at the Indian reservation. Our tour guide was Jodie, she was great. She told us a lot of side information about vegetation and animal life. I do have one complaint, but nothing too big. She went on a lecture about giving tips and actually telling you how much to give. This happened more than once and it went on for a good 5-10 minutes at the end of our tour. I understand that not everyone understands or believes that you should tip, but the nagging caused her tip to go down. The bus was old. The seats were hard. When the air turned on, it smelled and you could see how incredibly dirty the vents were. But, it got us there safe and sound. Rumor has it that they'll get new buses after they finish paving the dirt road to the reservation. So, that's an exciting improvement. They give you clear cut times, information, and suggestions. The self guided tour of the canyon was flawless with the information you were given. Being that it is self guided,  you can pick and choose what you do. This saves time and energy. They also show a movie on the way back, which makes the ride feel shorter. Overall, for the price this is a great deal.
5	My wife and I just did the West Rim Grand Canyon VIP tour today.  We had a wonderful time.  Tour guide Jody was awesome.  One of the best guides we every had.  We paid the extra $20 for the food and was very pleased.  Good value for the $.  Stop at Hoover Dam was quick, but nice.  Gave us a chance for some nice pics.  We did the optional Skywalk which we felt was worth it.  A little pricey, but a cool experience.This tour is a great way to see the West Rim of the Grand Canyon.Based on today, we would definitely do a Comedy on Deck Tour again, especially if we would have Jody as our guide.
3	This is my updated review from one star to three. Why the one star at first? Well, false advertisement with the whole "comedy on deck" thing. They need to remove this from their name, including their picture, since there was no comedy whatsoever on this tour. Being in Vegas where shows abound, I was just expecting that twist on a tour. At least the Tour Guide told us upfront not to expect this. Judging by other reviews and pictures, this does seem to happen or have happened at some point.The trip was not a total loss however. The Tour Guide was beyond informative with facts. The stop for breakfast at Omelet House was very nice and filling. The brief stop at Hoover Dam was unexpected. That was a nice surprise. I didn't read about it anywhere when I booked my tour. This stop needs to be longer than just twenty minutes. It wasn't even a long enough stop to walk across the bridge. Things to look for and plan:* Go with the option of food with this tour. You will be very hungry if you don't. Although there is a dining option without prepaying at Grand Canyon, it will be more expensive there. The lunch here was simple but, pretty darn good. Or, just take some sandwiches or finger food with you in a carry-on bag. The stop at Omelet House was worth it. I ended-up going back for breakfast the next day. You are given a card on the bus where you pick-out which options you want.  * Walking onto the Sky Bridge at Grand Canyon is not included in the price of this tour. Very pricey actually. Had I known this before hand, I would have taken more cash with me. Also, if you already have a ticket for this, you are strongly urged to do this first due to timing and other busses/tourists there. You can buy this and other options on the bus before getting there.* After being there myself and seeing what they do, I highly recommend paying extra money for a Helicopter Tour. You can purchase this option while there but, strongly discouraged due to timing issues. I will next time, you'll see what I mean while there.* This is not the Grand Canyon with the funny looking rocks in the middle of nowhere that you see in pictures and movies. This is the side with the very impressive and large ditch that if you fall, you will never come back. Be very careful at the edges. Other than the Sky Bridge, there are no handrails. * Pay attention to the times. You are crossing a different time zone.* Even going through Expedia and Groupon, I was surprised with an additional $8.89 fee for random this and that. We were already on the way there so I didn't find it appropriate to ask questions.* At Hoover Dam, you will be viewing it from afar from the highway. You will not be going to the Dam itself. Still awe inspiring and picturesque though. Just hurry now, before you know it your twenty minutes are up. Both these trips, if you rented a car, can easily be done by yourself with no hidden fees or rush. Neither is that far from The Strip. Specifically Hoover Dam. Next time, I'm driving to both myself. It's not as far as it seems from looking at the distance on a map. My suggestion, they need to deduct some time from the entire stop at Grand Canyon and add it to Hoover Dam. Although an historic ancient place, majestic and awe inspiring; way too much time is spent at Grand Canyon. This tour is ideal for anyone that opted not to rent a vehicle while in Las Vegas. I did rent a vehicle and saw quickly how easily I could have done this on my own. You can thank me later. :e)
3	We, like most people, found this company through Groupon.  We opted for the cheaper one, but I do recommend getting the one that's $20 more, I'll tell you why.  You stop for breakfast, if you dont have the more expensive Groupon then you feel left out lol, while the rest of the group is eating breakfast, you get to sit there by the front desk of the restaurant or on the bus.  However, they didn't leave us empty handed, they had danishes and juice boxes, which was plenty for us, but still, you feel left out.  Then, once you get to the canyon, you get a voucher to eat at one of the few places they have to eat, the tour guide we had, Robert, recommended eating at Guano Point, not the Eagle place.   So if you buy yourself breakfast and then buy lunch at the canyon, you end up spending the $20 anyway, plus you get to feel part of the group, because we were the only couple out of 40 people that didnt pay the extra stuff haha :P  Pretty much the only way you save money is if you pack a couple sandwiches and stuff to eat throughout the day...Anyway, I thought the tour was ok.  It's called Comedy on Deck, idk what we were expecting but I guess we thought it would be more fun, it wasn't fun besides being at the canyon, which was great, but we spent twice as much time on the bus as we did the canyon and the only entertainment was when he showed Rat Race haha, which we love (one of our favorite comedies).  He would talk to us when there was something we were supposed to be looking at, like when we passed through Boulder City and by the Hoover Dam, but otherwise he wasn't talking to us or doing standup, nothing like that haha.  I think he was as personable and funny as any other tour guide I've ever experienced, so putting comedy in their name is not really necessary since they're not doing comedy or anything.  Everyone looked absurdly bored.  Most people were sleeping the whole time.  I did like this tour because it saved us the trouble of getting ourselves there and back, and the 2.5 hours we had at the canyon was more than enough time to spend a lot of time at both points, Guano and Eagle, as well as eat, so I wouldn't worry about that.  Overall I think its worth it to go through Comedy On Deck to get you there and back on time and safely and be mildly entertained throughout :-)
4	We booked this tour via Groupon, and did pay the extra for the meals option, well worth it.  The tour was good but we happened to go on a very windy day, felt bad for the people on other tours who paid for a helicopter tour but couldn't go or get a refund..Robert was our tour guide- he was knowledgeable, helpful and friendly but we did feel rushed.  I think that was mostly due to prior tourists who have pushed the boundaries of time.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, the tour's name is misleading.As an alternative to driving, this is a good tour/value but I do think we will drive next time out this way.  If you do go, use the groupon but get it ahead of time because you must reserve your spot at least a week in advance.
5	We got a groupon to travel to the Grand Canyon west rim! We paid for the $20 dollars extra to have the food included and it was worth it! Both the breakfast and lunch where amazing and very filling! The stop at Hoover dam was quick, 20 mins at most but it was more then enough time to get some Good pictures! Once we got to the Grand Canyon we had approximately 3 hours to get a look at everything! It was enough time to go to all 3 stops, take pictures, eat lunch, shop and even sit down and enjoy the view!  The bus was a charter  bus and it was not a bad ride at all! We got back to Vegas at around 5 which was perfect timing! At the end of the trip we got two free tickets to go to Comedy shows!  We went to both shows and they where great! I highly recommend this tour, it was worth the money!
4	My friend and I went on the Grand Canyon tour (West Rim) on Monday.  We had a great time!  This area is very rustic with less visitors than the other rims.  There are no guardrails or paved areas which allows you to view this natural beauty as it was meant to be seen.  This tour also includes (a delicious!) breakfast and lunch.  Our tour guide was excellent (thanks, Jodi)!  My friend was a bit sick from the heat so I rushed her off the bus at our hotel and accidentally left my bag behind.  Jodi personally returned this to me on her own time to save me time and money.  A huge thanks to her!  If you are planning to visit the Grand Canyon or Hoover Dam, be sure to use this company!  They were excellent!
1	TL;DR: Poor customer service from staff and management after bus breaks down on the way to the South rim (bus breaking down is out of their control but maintenance to prevent isn't). Old bus and low quality food offered. For our troubles that day, we were compensated with dinner at a gas station/Subway/fried chicken joint. That's a win for us, right? We got back to Vegas @ 2AM Saturday and the owner, Tom, makes us an offer we can't refuse! The hoover dam tour that starts in 5 hours @ 7AM is free for us if we wanted to go, sorry no rain checks. First, let me tell you that I rarely write such reviews unless my experience was extraordinarily great or disastrous. Let's get this novel started, shall we?Booked the South rim tour with breakfast & lunch. There were about 15 people total, including my friend and I. The coach bus we were on is decent at best: old crt-tv, A/C is freezing cold in front of bus but warm in the back, lavatory has no light or water. We had two drivers; one was a guide who introduced himself as Alan, and the other is Robert. Alan jokingly said, "If things goes wrong, then he's Alan and I'm Robert." Well, ironically and unfortunately for everyone, shit hit the fan and it went everywhere. Bus was 30 minutes late at pickup. On the way to the South rim we stopped by a truck stop for breakfast; sounds delicious right? Got hair in my food...whatever, I just picked it out and ate my food. At around 12PM, our bus broke down at a gas station an hour before we reached the South rim. A mechanic showed up and said it couldn't be fixed, yay... No bus or van rentals available around the area. The drivers then told us that Tom, the owner, is coming with another bus which would take 4 hours. We didn't pick up our lunch yet so if you are hungry you can test your luck with the gourmet selections at this 4star, all-inclusive gas station. FUN!!!Around 4pm people people naturally started to get irritated. They were sitting outside the gas station talking to each other. I was in the bus when I overheard Alan, who apparently was sitting and chatting with everyone earlier, tell Robert that the majority of the patrons will leave a bad review and complain about their current experience unless they receive a full refund. Upon hearing this, Robert angrily goes to confront the patrons about what Alan has told him. Of course I follow to get a better understanding of the situation. Robert approaches everyone and, without talking to anyone about the situation, tells us that if we want a full refund, they will not take us to the South rim. We all reacted reacted by saying, "What the F@%&!!!," well that was my reaction but people were quite shocked. The patrons tried to explain to Alan that they wanted some kind of compensation for the inconvenienced they experienced and time wasted, which I agree with completely. They told Alan that he must have misunderstood them, but Alan just replies to Robert saying, "they told me they wanted a refund," and then kept quite from then on. You seem to be a bit shady, Alan...Then things began to escalate even more when Robert hears the complaints from some of the patrons. Robert argues with an elderly British man about compensation and then calls the man an asshole. Good one Robert! Some people are telling Robert to control his temper and attitude. Another woman tells Robert to "shut up for a second, and listen to what we have to say." He lashes back by telling her to shut up. Finally, to end his rage, he says, "when the bus arrives we are going back to Vegas and you will get your refunds, except you guys, I'll make sure to take care of you guys(pointing to an Australian man and his family, I guess they chatted and became friends at some point???). All the while Alan is quietly standing by, letting his coworker rage on and speaking on behalf of the company. By now I have a better grasp of the situation, and intervene to prevent the arguing.So you'd think the owner, Tom, could do something to address the dissatisfaction of the patrons, right? MAYBE he has better customer service skills. Bwahahaha! Tom arrives at 5PM. He introduces him self and says that Robert made him aware that we would all like a refund and give bad reviews. He further states that the company have great reviews and that our bad reviews isn't going to bother him. Nice introduction, he's winning people's respect and affection just as Robert did! He also tells us that if we want a full refund, they will not take us to the South rim. LET ME ASK YOU, THE READER, WOULD YOU TAKE A REFUND, LOSE 17+ HOURS TOTAL OF YOUR TIME, AND NOT SEE THE CANYON? I calmed everyone down and spoke on their behalves when I told Tom to continue with the scheduled plans for today. At the end of the night, Tom, talks about tipping & good karma, because obviously that how tips works, right?In the service industry, quality establishments will happily compensate you for any inconvenience you experience with them. Do not expect much here.
4	I have been going to Vegas to see family since I was a child. However, I have never seen the Hoover Dam. After finding the deal on Groupon my husband and I decided to make it part of our trip. We were picked up about 7:40 am from our hotel and made 2 other stops before meeting a bigger bus with the other half of our tour. Apparently the group was too big for their own bus so they must have chartered one. Overall, the trip was really good. They took us to the memorial bridge which was amazing! Then to the dam tour. We then had about an hour to do what we wanted. Our tour guide Jason was fun and entertaining. My only complaint... A/C! The bus on the way back in the peak of the heat just did not have enough gusto. My hubby and I were sweltering. We are generally pretty easy going but after walking around in the heat at the Canyon (it was 108 that day) the hot bus ride was just too much. It made lunch afterward (the food was great!) and Ethyl M's miserable. We had planned to get off the bus at another casino on our way home and do some waking around but were so hot and miserable we just needed to go take a shower. Overall, the Groupon purchase was worth it and the staff was great! I would not have been happy paying full price though. If you can get a deal I would recommend booking the trip.
5	My husband, myself, and our two kids decided that while in Vegas, we should make the hop, skip, and a jump to the Grand Canyon while in the area.  Being from NorCal, I wasn't sure when we'd be back this way, much less with plenty of wiggle room in our schedule to allow for a trip to the Canyon.The next morning, we were greeted by Allen, our driver, and Lori, our tour guide.  Lori made sure to give us a rundown of the day's schedule of events as well as some helpful information about what we'd find, once at the rim.  The breakfast we had, included in the purchase price of our ticket, was at a restaurant steps above a Denny's or an IHOP and had AND fantastically satisfying.On the drive up to the Canyon, we watched a film on how the SkyWalk was conceived and constructed, which was then supplemented by Lori's own experience as a tour guide.Lunch was also included up at Guano Point, with PLENTY of time to walk around to take pictures and peer over the side of the canyon, if you're feeling the need to see what 4,000 feet above sea level looks like.On the way back, we watched another movie until we reached the Strip, where Lori filled us in on where to go for cheaper fun than can be found on the Strip, or places to go on the Strip that wouldn't run you an arm and a leg.Hands down, I would take this tour again.  While I might have expected a laugh a minute from this group, given their name, we were given to understand that it can be hard to make jokes funny when you have to spend time explaining them to those who aren't fluent in English.  Take this trip if you want to go to the Canyon from Vegas.  It's worth the price, and then additional hassle of not having to drive yourself.  Highly recommend.
1	Hello, Let me bulletize the list of reasons why I was disappointed in a tour:I was told that 99% there will be a bathroom on Friday because many people are buying a tour and waited till then because my mom has IBS and can't go on tours without a bathroom near by.  In the end there was no bathroom even on a Friday we waited forWhen we came the bus driver was about 20 minutes late. When he arrived he said that two of our tickets are expired even though I sent you guys all 4 vouchers before and you guys accepted and validated them for the very date we booked it for.  He even said I wouldn't get my mom's sandwich because her tour expried. This is really just unprofessional. I've never had a tour cruise where we'd constantly get either warm or cold because there doesn't seem to be proper distribution of AC or something. also even the bus driver complained about not having temp control so we'd have to yell to him too cold or too hot. Fluorescent lights were out and not working so we couldn't light up a bus in the evening to see if we are forgetting something or safely leave.The bus was nearly 2 hours late arriving to Las Vegas because ONE couple didn't listen to perfectly clear instructions by the bus driver of where to meet. We had to drive around back and forth in the park and arrived around 11pm at our bus stop finally. This is highly disrespectful towards 20 other bus customers of yours, it was neither our fault nor the fault of the driver that one idiot couple screwed us up. I had plans to meet someone at Hilton and was almost 2 hours late.  You guys should absolutely not penalize 20 people because one couple simply didn't follow instructions. our cruises depart ON TIME regardless of excuses of other people missing it and that's in Los Angeles where traffic is very unpredictable. The Groupon states:" Comedy on Deck's tours are led by stand-up comedians, who are trained to keep things PG and interact with everyone on-board. After catching their breath, chuckled-out tour takers have complimented the guides for seamless weaving of history, geography, and family-friendly punch lines."I specifically purchased it over competition because it's a long tour and I was expecting some entertainment but the driver just chuckled and said we don't have time for entertainment on such long tours and you get a comedian on short tours like Hoover Dam.  Instead we were given some videos to watch in a screen that is so small on the front of the bus that is nearly impossible to see from the rear of the bus. Just minor item, bus has no elevated views and the front view is entire blocked by "Krystal" sign so you can't see anything front. We're on a tour, it may seem like a small detail to you but it's a huge detail for a bus tour.
4	Sweetie and I took tour from Lost Wages to South rim of Grand Canyon..ALL day trip.  Start at 6AM back to town ~10PM.  Note: temp at Grand Canyon is ~20 deg less than Vegas.  Take a jacket, good sturdy walking shoes, pouch or back pack for water bottles.  Sunglasses & hat.  Drink water..Took option that included meals.  Breakfast meh', sparse.  But timely.  Got box lunch in Tusayan on way to entrance of park.  Stopped at gas station on way home for quick sandwich..We had mini coach, no toilet on it, but we made frequent pit stops.  Plenty of options to browse/shop.  Worked out for our 574 miles round trip tour.  On way there, showed videos about Grand Canyon to give some history, knowledge, and familiarity of what to expect.  Good time killer.  Distraction from miles of desert plateau.."FIL" was our driver and guide.  He's from Cicero, IL.  Been in Vegas ~18 years.  We're originally from Chicago, so we bonded.  Fil very well spoken and knowledgeable..Once arrived at South rim park had about 4 hours to tour.  Went to visitor center.  Drank water.  Walked along south rim.  Paved trails.  Ammentities available.  Saw goof balls that refused to stay on trails and crawled out on to precipice.  Had lunch on trail.  Drank water.  Took slow pace.  Some light rises and slopes.  Got to end.  Met Fil right outside Bright Trail Inn..Saw critters.  Tarantula on trial.  Girls screamed.  Guys got closer to take pics.  Ravens gliding back and forth.  MIles at a time.  No condors seen.  Elk grazing outside lodges.  On way out of park sun going down.  Critters come out.  Saw herd of mule deer (~9 of them) grazing in median.  In Tusayan saw 2 bull elk in town on street corners across from each other.  Grazing.  When ever critters were to be seen, traffic stops and photags take pics..Once south of town sun set.  Clear sky.  Surreal.  At one point sun blocked by a patch of clouds, then peak.  Shown behind peak.  Awesome..Comfortable trip home.  Showed movie.  Comedy "Rat Race" with Rowan Atkinson..To us.  Good value.Enjoy.
5	Our driver was Robert and our guide was Trevor. I try to do tours and excursions everywhere I go. This one is one of my BESTEST!! Trevor was knowledgeable as well as funny. Robert can drive me anywhere. They were both patient and nice. They treated us like we were the only one's they had ever cared about on a tour. Robert and Trevor cared about us so much that they made sure we got dropped off the closest to where we were staying. I HIGHLY recommend this tour. You will not be disappointed. BTW, I discovered this tour on Groupon!
5	Awesome people they real know there stuff and Jody is the best!! She is the tour guide knows her stuff really well and will lace you up on much info.Thx Jody we will definitely ask for you next go round!!
5	The Hoover Dam tour with Comedy on Deck was really memorable.  I had been to the Hoover Dam years ago and thought this tour was just going to be same-o, same-o.  NOT TRUE.  Our "host", Trevor, was so knowledgeable that he held my attention the entire day.  Our bus driver, Phil, was excellent too.  We learned little known facts about Las Vegas, Boulder City and the Hoover Dam from Trevor, then had a beautiful walk on the by-pass bridge as well as on the dam itself.  After we left the dam we went to the Boulder City Museum which was well done and very informative.  Lunch at the omelet place was very good and the visit to the Ethel M Chocolate factory was nice, but uneventful since none of the machines were working and pretty much shut down for the day.  Also, their candy is WAAAAAY over priced for most of us.  The candy samples were good though.  All in all it was an excellent day, a very informative trip and one I will remember and recommend for years to come.
5	Me and my man jus came from a 5day stay in vegas. We came across a groupon for a tour to the grand canyon with this company. You have the option of buyin the tickets with meals which are breakfast and lunch or buyin jus ur ticket. We choose the one with out the meals. The bus was late and they had sme minor problems before we made our way to the grand canyon. But they fixed it in a professional and timely manner.  The first stop is for breakfast and they take u  a restaurant to eat ur breakfast. Wich was nice. And for the ppl who choose not to do breakfast dnt worry u have food places surrounding you where u ca b get breakfast. They tell you to also grab some thi b s for lunch and for the bus ride. Even tho u cnt bring ur food into the grand canyon when u return to the bus u can have something to munch on for the ride back. They included a suprise stop to the hoover dam which was awesome!  Yea ur not dwn there with the famn but it was still nice to stop and see it and take pics. The view from where we stood was awesome u could see everything! . They only give u 20min but thts because the bus ride to grand canyon is a long ride. Anyway there is no comedy on the bus but the lady we had was way awesome and i cnt remember her name. But she was the best! Answered all of our questuons even gave out info tht wasnt about the tour...tips about vegas where to get more bang for ur buck and things of tht nature. We get to the tour she tells u what to do..she tells u how to space out ur time.they sell tickets on the bus in advance if ur gointo to the Skywalk cause depending on the day the wait can be long. I did the skywalkit was awesome!  It was like walking in the sky..i would suggest everyone go on it at least once in there life! The views from the west rim were breath taking! Im so glad we picked this side to visit. While there u get to walk off and jus do your own thing which i enjoy. All in all this was a great tour and this was a great company to do it with! We were satisfied and had a great time!
