5	My wife loves Japanese food, and this place very recently expanded.  They have a great selection of fresh, frozen, and packaged foods.  This is where we get our rice, nori (dried sea weed), Kewpie mayo, and togarashi (Japanese hot pepper) for homemade spicy tuna rolls. Mmmmm!Of particular note, you can get a $20 variety sashimi platter if you pre-order and pick it up after their Tuesday night (7pm-ish) delivery.  Their is always some tuna, salmon, and yellowtail, but there is often some mystery stuff as well. I highly recommend it. The owner and staff are extremely helpful and friendly.
3	I've been meaning to make kimchi fried rice for the longest time, but I haven't been able to find kimchi at any of the grocery stores on the West side. I guess I should have expected that...Anyway, I finally gave in and trekked over to the East side for my Asian fixin'. [I think two of the three Asian markets in Madison are literally within one mile of each other...and none of them are on the West side. :(] The market is very small. They carry mostly frozen and dried goods. The fresh produce section is limited to a few types of fruit and onions, I think? There really isn't any rhyme or reason to how things are placed around the store and I had to walk around a few times before I found the kimchi I was looking for. I would have picked up a few other things, but contrary to the Asian markets I'm used to in California and on the East coast, the items here are marked up quite a bit. For example, the packet of udon noodles I bought for $3.99 at the Oriental Food Mart would have cost me maybe $1.99 at home. The takuwan would have cost me maybe $2.99 instead of $4.99. I just couldn't bring myself to pay so much extra for something I knew I could get for a much lower price elsewhere. (Yea, yea I know we are in the Midwest and supply/demand doesn't really pan out in my favor.)Overall a decent find in the Madison area though. It will tide me over for now.
3	Great market for quality Korean products. It's clean, well-organized, and has a variety of things from food to kitchen supplies. The one reason why it is 3 stars instead of 4 is that everything is too expensive. I found that I would buy most things from other places and just come here for kimchi and some other obscurely korean products I would be willing to pay a bit more for.
