4	Lick is a specialty candy store inside Mandalay Place that centers around custom lolly-pops as well as your usual Jolly Rancher and other hard candies.We were on a mission to find 15 Grape Jolly Rancher's and they did not disappoint.If you are looking for specialty hard candy, Lick might be just right for you.
4	WHERE: I didn't realize this store even existed! It is located inside the Mandalay Place shops right next to Urban Outfitters. The entrance alone is filled with so much color! You can't miss it!WHEN: I believe it opens at 10am everyday. During weekdays they are open until 10pm, and weekends til 11pm.WHAT: CANDY GALORE!!! If you are in need of a sweet snack and are near Mandalay Bay, give it a shot! There are some pretty neat and fun stuff once you step foot inside- from "adult" candy, zombie blood candy, and just the fun, old candy dispensers you can fill a bag with.  I know there's gotta be an inner child in all of us, so this is your chance! =D*NOTE: One more thing, they also have a "LICK" photobooth, where you can take a picture of how you "lick" your candy. (Haha, I guess the pun may be intended if you want it to.) Then you can choose to email it to yourself!
4	I think this store is good competition for Sugar Factory at Planet Hollywood.. It was a nice surprise as we walked the shops on the 2nd floor of Mandalay Bay.  There is an "Adult" section in the back and I bought some small packets of gum that had cute sayings on them for my girlfriends.  One even has a sobriety test...when you turn it over it has pictures and asks you if you would go home with the photo (spoiler alert...the answer is NO).  The staff were friendly and made some fun suggestions on candy bars to purchase too.
3	Great typical candy store.  Grabbed a mixed bag of goodies before we were leaving Vegas.  They have Blueberry Cheesecake Malt Balls.  Delish.  Even had some risque items in the back!  Rather unexpected!
4	This store is located in Mandalay Bay and is pretty cute. It's very small but is packet full of lollipops and other hard candies. They have an area in the back with adult candy items so be careful if you are bringing the kiddies since it's not sectioned off. Overall it's a nice little shop but nothing spectacular. I'm not a fan of hard candies so maybe that's why I wasn't too impressed. If you like lollipops, jolly ranchers, and jelly beans I'm sure you will find something here to suit your fancy.
4	Very cool concept! Lots of neat treats to bring home to friends and family. I purchased a bunch of things including senior moment mints and flavored chap stick. Flavors included lucky charms, sugar cookie, cinnamon toast crunch, a whole bunch of interesting others. The staff was really friendly as well.
5	ssmall competitior of the sugar factory located in the Mandalay bay.  Great selection but a little pricey.  Take a picture at their photo booth and send it to you and friends its free. Then win some money at the casino!
3	It wouldn't be Vegas if there weren't any places like this!  A great place to find some souvenirs or gag (or not so gag) gifts for your friends, like:- pms mints http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UNrevXmVx__0gVKOAK4GtA?select=8Ljz4sFLtarqGijYEOn9sA- candy g-string, c*ck ring, garter, or nipple tassels http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UNrevXmVx__0gVKOAK4GtA?select=bM5B7zMeKUjd8Zw4cQilew- gummy boobs or penis gummies http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UNrevXmVx__0gVKOAK4GtA?select=P50AnVoUzQvhL9hXTZ5CPw...and more!
4	Consistent with the hedonism that is Las Vegas. The visit was a particular treat as I was sucking away on Fat tuesday Rum slushies. Will call again!!
1	$4.45 for Hammond lollipops that are $1.99 at WHOLE FOODS? What a rip! And teen-age clerks being too familiar and inappropriately jokey in front of me? Me thinks not!
5	If you are wondering how many licks it takes, come here.  You have your choice of various candies, including tons of Jelly Bellies, and a great Hello Kitty section.   Additionally, there are adult-themed offerings, both edible & non, in the back.
4	Good place if your looking for omiyage (little gifts) to take home. Kind of pricey but better than Sugar Factory, IMHO. Saw some nostalgic candy like Razzles ($2.25) & Astro Pops ($4.25). I balked at the price for one lollipop when I remember it being only 25 cents. [Ooops, did I just divulge my age?]Anyways, I got some 2/$5.00 Lick chocolate bars & flavored lip balms that I don't see back home. I saw Candyland flavors (orange or lollipop), Betty Crocker, Pilsbury , & Pixy Stick. Prices range from $2.95 or $3.95.I also saw some bacon flavored candy but didn't see a price on it. Interesting & amusing store .
2	Had to drop my rating for the chocolate bars. I don't recommend buying because it tasted old. If your going to charge those prices I expect quality & freshness. Did not get that here. What a shame. Your better off going to Ethel MsOverall assessment is 2 and a half stars.
5	I love candy of course I had to come here! Plus I was stationed in the Monte Carlo for half of my vacation. My friend & I hotel hopped. I bought three lollipops & they were really good. Flavored & not your typical cherry or rainbow flavors. I know they had sexually explicit items too lol. Anyway this is a must. Drop by, buy candy and have fun! It's Vegas!
3	While there are similar stores like Lick all along the strip, I find the candy selection at this Monte Carlo shop to be the most nostalgic, with gum like Big League Chew, tons of old school candy, and an endless variety of sticky and chewy jelly beans. It's no wonder my dentist told me about this place!That said, what draws me in here time and again is their wide assortment of PEZ dispensers. I used to be a PEZ junkie eons ago, with a battalion of PEZ dispensers neatly lining my desk at work. As such, I can't help but have a peek at the latest pop culture icons that have received the PEZ head-on-pike treatment, whether it's the assembled Avengers, or a wretched hive of scum and villainy from the Star Wars universe, and this is the place to do just that. Their dedicated wall that holds a jumble of PEZ dispensers simply fills me with whimsy.What's more, you can also find some neat collector sets here that include multiple PEZ characters that are boxed and ready to take home, like the members of KISS in their very own gift tin, an eight-piece Star Trek: The Next Generation box, and a collection of Hobitses from The Lord of the Rings.
3	Bite me, eat me, lick me is written all over this small candy shop.. They had a cute little area to take your picture and show off your tongue but the computer keys weren't' working... it's cute.. didn't' find anything I wanted to buy but would stop by again if I was in the mood to be bitten.
1	I was in need for some sugar while in Vegas at the Monte Carlo and stopped in at Lick.  From the front of the store it looks like a nostalgic candy store with candy cigarettes, cigar bubble gum, and rock candy, but when you actually wade in a ways you will find your average 16" penis sucker, nipple lollipops and various other "interesting" edibles. The reason I gave it a 1 is because their prices are beyond expensive for what you get and the quality is equal to a grocery store.
3	Upscale, somewhat expensive candy store. Tailored more for adults. Yelper Adam G. hit the nail on the head when he described it has having a "unique Vegas style". Several of the casinos on the Vegas strip have a Lick store. The one at the MGM Grand has an entrance adorned with numerous pictures of celebrities who have visited.The selection of lollipops is impressive. And they have lots of very cool items, like giant Pez dispensers and unique chocolate bars that are made with exotic ingredients.This place will definitely appeal to children, but be forewarned that there are some rather risque merchandise sold at the store. Shirts with suggestive phrases and underwear made of candy are just a couple of examples.I definitely have a sweet tooth, but I'm not the biggest fan of candy, especially not high priced candy. But those who love their sugar will probably appreciate the selection this store has to offer.
1	Alright, this store has some interesting stuff. Overpriced goodies and sweets. A bag for you to fill with candy to charge you by the pound. They have some naughty candies as well. Their candy tasted like crap, that's all the advice I can give you here. Tasted stale, like it's been sitting there for a while. Luckily I didn't get sick, LICK!Oh, and their "photo booth", where you can take a picture with their own background, and it shows up on their TV screen - can't get any more cheesy than that.
2	I totally had a hankering for some sour yumminess so I decided to give this place a shot. I was sadly disappointed in the quality of their bulk candy. Some tasted stale like it had been sitting there for a few weeks. Very expensive also since they charge an astronomical amount for 1/4 pound of candy. They also have huge jumbo sized boxes of your favorite candies (Mike & Ike, York Peppermint Patty, Hot Tamales, etc) I had no complaints about the service here though. Very warm and welcoming. I just wasn't impressed in the quality of their candy here.
4	This is a fun little store. The one inside of Flamingo is tiny. It's hard to walk around between the merchandise, staff and other customers. We avoid that location. Mandalay bay store is nice and big.
4	They alway great you with a friendly hello when you walk in to this super colorful wonderland of candy! They have fun stuff galore and great random stuff that you wouldn't expect to find. Some of the candy products seemed to be a little old, but I get it, because what do you expect with bulk candy in a mall store setting? My advice would just be to pay attention to what you were getting. It wasn't this way with everything, just some things. In fact I bought my kidos the giant jaw breakers, which I love because they are on sticks and they didn't come that way when I was a kid! My kids have been licking them everyday and they aren't even close to making a dent in them! This would also be a great place to buy that funny gift or that just because for no reason gift for someone. If anything it's a great place to walk around and remember your childhood!
2	A brightly lit and colorful candy store located in the indoor malls of Vegas.  Yes, the items in the store are very overpriced, but what can you expect when you shop at a mall in Vegas?  At least the cashier was super friendly and gave some great customer service!This store has a lot of very nostalgic candies that are typically very difficult to find - Hunk bars, Rocky Road, Bottlecaps, Violets, Dots, etc.  My favorite was the bacon section - back bandaids, bacon pop rocks, bacon cotton candy, bacon toothpicks, bacon breath mints, etc.They also have a section of adult candies - penises of every size, color, and shape; boob candies of every cup size and flavor.  They even have flavored condoms.OK so what is my gripe?  I don't think that this store should be marketed as a kid's candy store.  Our group went in with one 6 year old, two 8 year olds, and one 9 year old.  Although they found handfulls of candies to buy, the parents had to do a lot of explaining of what a 8" cock lollipop was, what strawberry flavored lickable condoms were, and why people would want to  eat candies that look like tits.The marketing plan of this store is off, as it clashes a colorful kid's candy store with adult porn-inspired candies.  It's not appropriate for kids to shop at this candy store.  Either make this a candy store for kids (there are TONS of kids who will shop here) or make this store an adult porn candy shop.  The two don't go together.  And, the owners don't warn parents of the adult-themed items before coming into the store.Product Grade:  DService Grade:  BWorth the Money Grade:  DOverall Impression Grade:  D
2	Lick is a tiny, overcrowded store selling a small assortment of overpriced candy as well as some other novelty gift items, located in The Shops at Mandalay Bay. After doing some shopping at the nearby Lush store, Allison S. and I stopped into Lick to get some candy.When I go to this type of candy store, I always go with an assortment of bulk candies rather than individually packaged candies. I was pretty disappointed with the selection, while Lick had a large variety of Jelly Bellies, they serious lacked in other areas. (I did see a few bins with sugar free options though). I kept looking for more candy I'd like to add to my bag, but ended up with just 2 items, about $2 for a rather small portion. Prices are high compared to retail candy shops, you are paying for the high-priced rent on the Strip. While I was waiting to pay I was hit by another customer's purse as she was browsing. I also couldn't help but notice how cluttered the counter area was.The next time I am at the Shops at Mandalay Bay and I get a craving for candy, I will head down to Town Square and hit up it'sugar, where the selection is better and the prices are a bit lower.
