3	Went for the $10.99 lunch buffet, and it was fairly tasty. The selection is 3X that of most Indian buffets, with decent quality and decent spice on the meat dishes, although the chicken tandoori was dry. Not as flavorful as smaller places I've been to, but not bad.
2	Don't bother. Service was slow and indifferent. The food was bland. Bland curry, what's that? Not much. The food is plentiful, there's variety (at least there's a number of name cards over the items) but then again it's a buffet. It's inexpensive but so what? I've had much better Indian food at a local food court in a shopping mall. So - pros: it's cheap and it's a buffet. - cons: it's not great. Not even close.
3	Ate here for lunch while in Montreal for vacation. The following should be a good summary of our experience:Selection: Lots of different items to select from. Plenty to make a vegetarian or meat eater quite pleased.Quality: Meat items do not get resupplied too often and some dishes you need to go through the tray with a fine toothed comb to find meat. Also, lots of the meat dishes have more bone than meat.Flavour: Did not find the food to be bland and spicy when it was supposed to be. However, the complexity found in most true indian dishes was missing from those dishes which were not dominated by spice.Atmosphere: Very nice location and the walk downstairs to the bathroom past the waterfall and fish should not be missed. However, ventilation was bad and it was quite hot inside.Price: Very fair given the prices for other items in town. Students even get 10% discout.In summary, if we are in Montreal and are in need of some Indian, this location is a sure bet, however, we would try a different place if within vicinity.
3	The place is huge, it's downtown Montreal, it has free parking at the back (a big plus downtown) and you get good value for your money.The best Indian in town it's not.The biggest indian buffet it is.Great for a group and with kids.
1	Awful, awful service. Our waiter sat us down and didn't turn up again for 10 minutes, not even to ask us if we needed anything to drink. We eventually got up to get our food. The food itself was passe. Some items were cold and barely edible. The dessert selection was decent and was the saving grace. They had advertised that students get a 15% discount and at the end when a few of my friends tried using their (non-photo) university id card + passport as proof, the waiter interrupted them mid-sentence and practically yelled at us that he didn't make the rules and couldn't accept it. A polite no would have done the job but he had to yell and make a scene. When the time to sign the bill came, we all concluded that the service was not tip-worthy. Here comes the classy part - he stands over us watching how much my friend tipped and when he didn't tip, he YELLS again at him saying "That's the line where the tip goes , why are you leaving it empty?". My friend caved and gave him a tip. I wish we'd complained to the manager, but I don't know if that would have done anything given the other reviews.In summary, skip this if you are ever in Montreal. You are much better off eating at one of the other Indian places downtown.
1	An Indian buffet, what is there to say? Lukewarm food, half of which caters to the chicken-sh!t losers afraid to eat ethnic food. I'm not a huge fan of Indian food and this has to do with the spices and seasoning used, also the "slop" look of most dishes throw me off a bit, but I like it well enough but I can't go on a tangent of authenticity since I know little of its history. However the food here is passable. The service is HORRIBLE and smelly. I know, I know sounds like I'm stereotyping Indians here, but seriously 2 of the server smelled like they hadn't taken a shower in a few days and were unaware of this nifty new-fangled invention called antiperspirants or deodorants. It was disturbing. If the wait staff's hygiene is not monitored, I fear for what's going on in the back of the house.One good thing... fresh made Naan bread.
3	We planned to have a feast here on our way back to Toronto from Quebec. It was a rainy day and the place was fairly busy, so we had to park on the street.The food is decent and has a wide range of choices. This place is probably the biggest buffet place in downtown Montreal, and if you are craving to feast on Indian food then it is a good place to be.  The interior of the restaurant is nice and we got our seats quite easily. The price per person is something I do not recall exactly, but it was less than $15 if I remember correctly.
2	We had a group of nine for lunch on Saturday.  The server was very attentive and provided us with 3 full sized naan breads to share at the table.  That was the highlight..the naan arrived hot and still crispy.The rest of the buffet fare was so-so.  The lamb should have been stewed for longer, the meat was still tough to cut from the bone.  The butter chicken was watery and favorless.  The Tandoori chicken was dry.  Not the best Indian buffet I have tasted for $15.The washrooms in the basement needed cleaning and was out of paper towels.
2	Unlimited GULAB JAMUN!I don't find it as bland as some other reviewers do, but maybe I'm just a sucker for buffets.
3	Quality, value, selection. All of the Indian cuisine staples. The dessert, particularly the ice cream (which was old) was not impressive.
2	Don't slip on the floor!!  The steam from all the food makes the floor soaking wet.  Pretty gross if you ask me.  For some reason i just felt that the place was dirty.  The food was average and you could tell it had been sitting there for a while.  Save your money and go get something good down the road.
3	I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food, but this place was decent. I usually try to avoid Indian food, as it's not my favorite cuisine, but it was my boyfriend's birthday, and he loves Indian food, so this is where we went.The selection of food was huge, there was so much to choose from. There was some sort of weird cabbage dish that I fell in love with. The butter chicken was also pretty good. They are not lying when they say the spicy section is spicy. It's refreshing to find that in restaurants now, which I believe feel pressured to cater to more timid palates.The only downfall here, and its something I always find weird at ethnic buffets, is the food that doesn't belong. Like pizza and french fries. I know that it is done to appeal to kids most likely, but there was honestly so much to choose from, even a picky kid probably could have found something other than pizza and fries.
5	In contrast to the other reviews I really enjoyed this restaurant.  Maybe I just so happened to go there on a night when they were on point.  Or maybe because I live in Boston where we are really lacking good, authentic Indian food.  But we absolutely loved the food here, which can be very surprising for a buffet.  So many choices and everything was delicious.  I have been craving it ever since and been so disappointed not to be able to find anything similar locally.  Next time we're in Montreal we will definitely go back!
4	Oh Boy. Buffet Maharaja is actually one of the first restaurants I had been into Montreal 6-7 years back so I have some ...err personal attachments to this place. I've had my brothers reception, my own reception, and a couple of other big family events here so I dont know how else can I rate this place. The service here is of average just like most indian restos. I guess its a hit and miss thing on who is serving you on the day of. I have had some good experiences with the staff.. some really mediocre. With all that I love the decor here, the lady owner of the place was really lovely and it showed how much she cared for the place. This place is one of the few indian restaurants that does a good clutter/crowd free job at decoring with an indian vibe. The food? Hmm well Honestly, buffets are never really my favorite places to eat out at so I always have zero expectancy out of the food. But the food here? Again a real hit and miss. I personally love their chicken biryani, plain rice and butter chicken. I am also a fan of the pakoras but even sometimes I found them to be really dry and unbearably hard on the mouth. Meh! But they do have a good selection and variety.My best guess is come on a Friday night or Saturday as apparently they prepare everything special as they expect big groups on those two days.Here is why I added a 4th star here. The Sweets. I am telling you folks the sweets here are incredible. The new chef here has recently come from Bangladesh and is one of the best sweetmakers from the country. Why is he working his talents at Buffet Maharaja? I dont know, but I all I do is that the whole bengali community has gone insane. They have real milky roshogullahs, chom chom, roshmalais, laddoos and other sweet goodies oh and lets not forget my most favorite mishti doi :) (sorry for not knowing the english names :(...) Anyway I sometimes just come in here for the sweets itself. They even do fresh orders if you're ordering for more. Heres to some real authentic Bengali sweets! YEAHHH
4	This place offers good Indian food and it's good for those times when you crave Indian food and want to pig out on curry, lamb, chicken etc. The have a variety of dishes, fresh veggies, fresh fruits and the standard Indian fare. I appreciate the fact that they tell you which dishes are really spicy so the customers will not have an unpleasant surprise I also like the fact that I know what I am eating, if it's chicken then it's real chicken, same with all the meats. It's not a fancy place, probably I would not bring here a first date, but I would come with friends and family to eat some nice Indian food. Maybe they don't have that little cake they make at the village of Brahapur (made up name, btw)  in Uttar Pradesh, or the chicken Shalala (made up name again) they serve in Goa, or the exotic stuff some gourmets might expect, but as far as Indian food goes this place hits the spot, and fills generously the belly. The waiters are from India, so they know there is a wide world out there and have no problem whatsoever with English-speaking customers, and seem to be friendly and helpful. Will I come back?...you bet.
2	What can I say? The food is pretty ordinary, you could find way better Indian/Pakistani food in Montreal. Every item on their menu is either oily or too spicy although to their credit they have a lot of variety of vegetable and meat dishes (as well as entrees, fruits, desserts, breads and rice). Basically I would go to a proper restaurant and order a dish that I like than go to Maharaja for a buffet. Probably the only thing going for them is that they are the only Indian Buffet in downtown Montreal.
3	It's a buffet... amazing selection and great price at lunch... a bit more at dinner.. but if you're hungry (very hungry), craving indian and you're not picky about the "nicest" place in town.. this is the place to go. I thought the taste was quite good, not the best butter chicken... but everything else was really good.. and super filling.
4	Delicious, delicious food at an affordable price. They have so many items to choose from, and there is always something for everyone. I loved the butter chicken and the coconut shrimp. There are also some American foods like fries and onion rings. Loads of appetizers, breads/rice, meat curries, seafood, vegetable items, salads, and desserts.
4	Well, I didn't really want to go after seeing all the negative reviews but could not turn down an invitation from a friend for his birthday.Lets get started. Not really so called authentic Indian cuisine, but more of a mix of cuisines from central provinces of India. I went on a quiet weeknight in freezing cold but it didn't really disappoint. While some of the food were very dry and bland  but some were extremely classy and delicious. Butter chicken is their primary, but god they make it good even without cashews and pistachios, mind you its a peanut free place. Spinach lamb follows the same path with other curry dishes.Naan is staple bread but expensive, their waiters still served them to each and every table and more if being asked, now no Indian restaurant actually do that these days. Only downfall, vegetarian dishes were dry, i believe the staffs did not change the trays and they had onion rings and french fries, oh please its an Indian Buffet.My waiter was quite dynamic and seemed to have quite a good knowledge about  origin and ingredients of Indian food. His suggestion was to go for dining during their Saturday night, which is the busiest and the best day by far he said.Its a good place for events and to dine with families too.I believe its worth giving it a try on Saturday night too.
2	First I must admit that I`m a Floridian that usually takes an annual one week Holiday every Summer to Montreal not only to hopefully escape briefly to cooler weather but to get my Smoked Meat and Poutine (fix).  That as well as a few Dim Sum outings in Chinatown.  I always include doing at least one Indian Buffet for Lunch.  Over the past decade and a half I have tried several different Indian Restaurants in Montreal and up until the past few years, Maharaja Buffet usually lived up to its boasting of being the "best and biggest" in North America.  Since they closed several years ago briefly for major renovations, IMO, both the selection and quality of their offerings have degraded.  I also found very irritating that when requesting an "Indian Beer" they repeatedly served a (domestically) brewed Beer that had a Label indicating it was supposed to be an Indian Beer?  I`ve dined at countless Indian Restaurants throughout the US and Canada and they always offered a nice selection of different (Imported) Indian Beer/Ale/IPA`s.  May sound a bit picky but personally I`d rather be served a Molson Export, Labatt`s 50 or an O`Keefe Biere then a imitation Indian Beer knockoff.
1	It's difficult to give this place a star. Pretty much all 100 items taste alike and you get stuck with a bill for 20 bucks per head. Take this from an Indian who was starving. Ok, the only silver lining was their samosa. Ok 20 bucks for 2 samosas.
2	Very okaish place. The food was not that great. The place needs to be revamped. The bar area (I guess non operational) seemed unhygienic. Even the ice cream section seemed too shoddy with old deep freezer and tasteless ice creams. I don't think there is anything the servers or waiters can do here. The management needs to get this placed cleaned up and painted. Vegetarian food did not taste fresh. The cutlery was way too old. The deserts were horrible. A suggestion : cook less, cool good and keep the place clean and ventilated. 8 good dishes are better than over 25 average dishes. I was just a visitor on a trip to Montreal.
2	Good variety, however the food was rather bland and didn't taste very fresh. For $18 I am sure you can do better on a Saturday night!!  My teenage son complained the tandoori chicken was tasteless, but he did enjoy the naan. Overall, I would avoid this place in the future.
2	This place has gone to the dogs..it is under new management now, the place moved next door, the dinning room is smaller, fewer dishes to choose from, basically three or four veggies, three chicken dishes, one beef and one lamb, rice, a small salad bar with some fresh fruit. The food is still decent, but gone are the days where one could and taste a wide variety of Indian food to be tasted. The waiters were polite and brought a pig piece of naan with a bit of sauce, I think the same sauce from the butter chicken,which was a nice gesture. My disappointment came when I had to use the bathroom and it was not exactly clean, they have drains on the floor that have not been covered and funny smells come out of them, dirty floor, dirty sink, etc.They still use the old website, so don't be fooled, the old menu is history and so is the roomy dining halls.I am afraid I'll have to find another place to go
1	Worst quality of Indian food I ever had. No variety even for dinner - both the veg and non-veg selection was limited and the same curry was used in multiple dishes. The veg food had no labels on it - so VEGETARIANS BEWARE! Very pricey -- which was even more frustrating!
4	Pretty good spot. Considering that this is a buffet, the food is well prepared and exceptionally fresh. The variety helps to ensure that there is probably something for everyone.If this were strictly an ala cart restaurants, I would probably only give it 3 stars. But, as this is a buffet, the quality of food is4 stars in it's category.
