3	Garsha's pizza sauce has an unbelievably sweet flavor, and I heard that they include beet juice - can't swear by this statement, but it makes sense.  The crust is good, spiced with something unusual for Italian cooking, and it's a bit on the sweet side too.  The slices are rectangles and always thick.  Distinctive flavor that you either love or hate, so I rate 'em right down the middle.
2	I do not like Garcia's pizza very much! From the outside the place looks cute and very inviting but once you go inside you will think differently! The pizza is nothing to talk about and I would suggest going somewhere else!
3	So-so pizza.  There's definitely better pies in town.
4	Yum.  We just had our department board meeting and have a lot of alumni who come in from out of town.  For the past 2 years we've had Papa Del's and Garcia's delivered.  Believe it or not, more people liked Garcia's.  Don't get me wrong, we all eat the Papa Del's and love it, but Garcia's won the taste test or the bringing back the best memories test or something.
4	My favorite pizza ever.  I enjoy their deep dish better than any Chicago pizza including Giordano's and Lou Malnati's.  I am originally from the Champaign area so when I go home to visit the family this is what I crave.    The owners are nice but there workers are sometimes incompetent and sometimes they'll mess up your pizza.  One time I ordered for pick-up and when I came to pick it up 45 minutes later they told me they were out of sausage.  Kind of peeved that they couldn't have called me to tell me so I didn't have to wait another 30 minutes.
3	I'm undecided about Garcia's.  It's kitschy, so that's cool, but it's not kitschy in an ironic way, and more in an odd way.  The wooden beams and the layout is nice, and the pizza is no frills--and they're serious about carding you, something I haven't had to deal with in awhile.The pizza was adequate, not necessarily remarkable, but got the job done, and I was impressed that they had Blue Moon on tap (and NO crappy beers, great job, Garcia's).  That said, Garcia's gets a 3 star "Meh."You get the job done, but I'm not convinced I'm gonna be a fan yet.  I'll give you a little time when I finally move to C-U.
4	I really like the pizza at Garcia's and I'd probably go more often if it didn't involve venturing onto campus or driving clear across CU.  The pizza is also usually cold (they don't seem to be getting a lot of business these days), which definitely has a negative impact on the flavor.  The prices are a bit on the high side for what you get, but not enough to be too concerned about it.Both locations have kind of a pathetic vibe.  I know Garcia's used to be THE pizza place on campus years ago, and the restaurants definitely have that has-been thing going on that kind of makes you cringe with embarrassment for how far they've fallen.
3	Fro thoseo f us who grew up in this town, Garcia's used to be THE pizza place. But a lot of us agree they must have changes their recipe. It's just not that great anymore, which is really sad. They always have an empty parking lot and even more sparse dining area. The only things still "ok" is the baby deep dish. But I can NEVER remember which days they make them with which toppings. They also don't make very many, so when they are gone they're gone! I still go once in a blue moon just for memories -- but I never expect very good food.
4	Garcia's was 'pizza' at the University of Illinois for decades.  Ask any alum and they'll have memories of the 'squares' that were served there, and many more used to steal the nice plastic tray they came in as it worked well at home for microwaving.  They had a bit tomato hot air balloon they use to fly around campus on football weekends and some branch stores in Big 10 campus towns like Purdue.Sadly, Garcia's fell on hard times in the 90s.  They lost their flagship store right across from the Quad and folks had to hike a bit down Green Street to get their fix.  They then started skimping on ingredients, switching to a pre-made crust and other cost-saving measures as the company went through hard times.Alums still go back as it tastes a bit like it used to but new students generally are unimpressed and look toward other options.  The crust is kind of unique--sometimes I wonder if it is fried and they had a good number of toppings that you could get on them.  Pizza by the slice is really a 'walk up' kind of business model so when they lost their high traffic location they really suffered financially.  You used to eat there just to people watch.  Still worth visiting for old time sake, and I hope they get back on their feet and get going again.
4	The campus Garcia's has closed!  What a shame - it was in the coolest building!  I can't say I'm surprised though.  I can't remember the last time I was in there and wasn't the only customer.Luckily, the one out on Mattis is still open.
