3	Holy giant accessory store, Batman! Versona accessories opened up last week at The Arboretum and is well organized, well lit and packed to the gills with every type of affordable costume jewelry and accessory under the sun. Ladies of all ages will enjoy perusing the racks...whether you're 45 and looking for a cozy poncho or 21 and seeking some sparkly hoops. It's there for you. The knits speak to a bit of an older crowd but there were a few on trend pieces that caught me eye. The clothes really didn't wow me overall, but, they're definitely on the affordable side. I did spy an adorable fall jacket for only $50. The jewelry selection is vast and supremely affordable - perfect for finding a gift for just about any lady in your life. Whether it's a pack of substantial, bejewled bangles for $10 or a sequin clutch for $15, variety is definitely the spice of life here. I ended up picking up a pair of comfy leggings, a few bangles and some uber comfy and cute socks to layer underneath my boots for fall*. Staff members were more than helpful and I have a feeling this store will do just fine.*Full disclosure - as a fashion blogger, Versona sent me a $25 giftcard to use at their grand opening celebration.
4	I really like that this place exists.  I may not always have a need to shop there, but knowing there is a ginormous accessories store out there for whenever a specific occasion should arise, well that just makes me happy.  So far I have bought 2 pairs of flats here.  Such a great price and very cute.  And I found 2 of the exact same shirts but in different colors and they were also so reasonably priced and perfect for this time of year.The store really is overwhelming so if you are looking to run in quick and find something, this might not be your best bet.  But if you have time to peruse its really worth it!
4	Oh my goodness. I had been hearing wonderful things about this place for months before a friend finally pulled me in here. Seriously, it seemed like every time I complemented somebody on their jewelry earlier this year they would tell me they got it from Versona. With this in mind, I was excited to check it out.First of all, the selection is incredible. It's pretty much a massive boutique of jewelry. Everything seems to be roughly organized on tables by color. Many of the pieces either come in sets or have supplement pieces that match with them. I didn't see any broken pieces just laying out and I've never heard any of my friends whine about the jewelry being cheaply made. Prices are pretty decent. Few, if any, jewelry pieces are over $20.00. The sale section is massive and about half the original price. I've had great luck finding what I'm looking for in the sale section. As far as jewelry goes, you're definitely going to find something that you like when you come in here. It's pretty much impossible not to.In addition to jewelry, Versona carries other accessories such as clutches, scarves, hair bows, and shoes. They also sell clothes. I found a rather crappy laptop case for 5 bucks. It fell apart within a week but I wasn't that upset because I had gotten it on clearance. I bought a clearance scarf here last week for $7.00 and it seems to be made pretty well. My friend is a ballroom dancer and she finds almost all of her accessories here. She cannot rave enough about how awesome and affordable the hair accessories are. I've found the shoes at Versona, though cheap, to be really uncomfortable an cheaply made. The clothes at Versona are stylish, but definitely overpriced. I saw maxi dresses and shirts that I could easily find at a regular department store for half the price. Overall, Versona's selection cannot be beat. Though the accessories are iffy, the affordable jewelry is the way to go.
3	Cute little spot to pick up trendy accessories. Hats, jewelry, easy clothing pieces, and cheap little shoes.
5	OCD friends, rejoice!  How did it take me so long to hear about this place?  I love love love that all the accessories are arranged by color because inevitably, I'm on the hunt for jewelry to go with a certain outfit, and I hate having to dig through random options.  The employees who work on the floor are fairly young and a little apathetic, but since it's all arranged by color, you don't really need a lot of help.Although it has clothes, I mainly think of Versona as a jewelry/accessories store, and I don't think I've bought a necklace that cost more than $14.  As others have said, just about every time I ask someone where they got their necklace, earrings, etc., they say Versona.  The colors are definitely season-specific, so it's tricky to find emerald green in spring and yellow in winter, but the selection is pretty massive.  It's almost unfortunate that Versona is near my house because between the set up, the selection, the price and the awesome soundtrack, it's difficult to leave.
5	After seeing Kellie K's review the other day, then reading Lauren A's for more information, I decided I was going to need to stop at Versona.  I love bright, bold necklaces and holy cow does this place have some amazing picks. As the other ladies stated, it is organized by color.  Thank you!   I can't tell you how frustrating it is to try to find a certain color or certain style and have to paw through piles and crumbling racks of NOT.   I have been looking for a long silver necklace for months, but couldn't find one for less than $50 that suited me.  After browsing a bit and find the silver toned jewelry, I immediately found what I was looking for and it was only $15!  I also picked up a smoky blue chunky jeweled necklace from their sale stuff for $5.  I would have spent more, but I needed to get out of there before my debit card hit tilt.  The store was very nice - the chandeliers and polished floors and lighting would lead you to believe you were in a high dollar boutique, but everything I saw was very reasonably priced, I was amazed.  Clothes, shoes, hats, bags, sunglasses and other accessories - this place was full of colorful and cute things.  The jewelry went from chunky colorful statement pieces to more professional pearls.   Necklaces, earrings, bracelets rings, watches - they had it all and in so many colors and styles.  If you are looking for unique baubles, this is your place.
5	I have been a faithful shopper at Versona's since shortly after they opened here in the South Charlotte area.  A friend who is not into jewelry like I am spotted the store and highly recommended it to me.. I  find that with many girlfriends, sisters and nieces this is a wonderful place to shop. The first time I visited I was so impressed by their vast selection of jewelry and their clothing is awesome. When I need a new outfit and the necklace and earrings to accompany it, I just run over to Versona.. The staff is very helpful and  the layout of the store with color coordinating the  clothes, scarves, and of course all their beautiful jewelry  allows me to browse without feeling overwhelmed or pressed for time..   This is really a blessing if you have just a little bit of time to look for a trinket or bauble. I have done most of my Christmas shopping here this yr and I did it in just about an hour .. LOVE this place..
