1	It's a long review. Basically STAY AWAY!In a struggling economy you would think businesses would strive to give good service to stay afloat. Not this Denny's. My husband asked if he could switch his pancakes for a piece of toast. The waiter returned with a positive no from the manager: "She said if you could come and see her so that you may explain your situation to her and then she may consider it." (Please include a 200 word request as well.)They gave us the toast and the pancakes and added .99 to our bill.The place was filthy. The pancakes had obviously been sitting around and were cold.I asked one of the waiters to bring me something  and after saying "yeah" left to never be seen again.We got up half way our meal. We spoke with the manager, who could not provide us with the owner's name. After complaining to her about all of the above she shrugged and said she was sorry and turned around.This is a hellhole and would prefer to go to McDonald's  and eat there than in this excuse of a restaurant.
1	This place is a joke..horrible service..ghetto and why are the people in the back the whole time doing nothing but standing around looking like idiots...we didn't get greeted or even a hello, just a response on how many and what table would you like..really, really, oh and it took 30 min to get food which they are fully staffed, makes no sense to me.
3	Not a bad restaurant. And not a great restaurant.  My brother and I went to the Eastern at Tropicana Denny's for a late night supper. The server was friendly and attentive to beverage refills. The food and prices were decent. I enjoyed eating to the oldies. One minor complaint I had was the sign advertising a $3.99 cheese burger meal deal. However the fine print says it is only for weekdays. Hard to catch the fine print cruising on Tropicana. This complaint is not significant enough to lower my rating: 3 stars.
4	I'll start off by saying I am not a fan of Denny's, or breakfast food places in general. Do I like breakfast foods?  Yes, but I dunno I guess I'd rather make it myself. Anyway I've been to this Dennys twice in the past 30 days and I am digging the 2,4,6,8 menu. For basically whatever you can spend you can get some decent eats.  I have gone for a cordon blue sandwich once and a chipotle chicken entree another time, which because its $8 comes with a drink. (Soft drinks avg 2.50 cents when dining out, so thats a good savings).  You also get 2 sides with it, and I loved the spinach with bacon and pico they had and the cheeeesy mash potatoes.  The service was real nice both times I went, and the restuarant seemed fairly clean. I've been into some messy Denny's before but this one was above par for sure. Honestly for a meal like that, with a drink, and under 10 bucks; I'd recommend giving it a try.
3	Denny's is Denny's. It's cheap and efficient.  But like all chain restaurants that's about it.The food is ok. The service was good. I came here because the casinos took my money. This was what was left over in the wallet. No regrets.
3	Denny's is what you would expect.  A lower quality iHop with lower prices. I love Denny's after a long night of drinking and partying. The food is good and the service is always great even though they look short staffed all the time. I would recommend Denny's to those looking for breakfast late at night and looking to spend under $6 for a meal. Other than that Sunrise Cafe, Egg Works, or iHop are preferred.
1	1 STAR because they replaced my husband's order but it still ddn't make me forget that his omelette has a matchbox w/ it! Eeeeewwwwww!They quickly took hubby's plate, my only mistake is I ddn't take a photo of it.I'll stay away from this chain forever!
1	Horrible....horrible.....horrible!!! Don't waste ur money!!! Bad and slow service with an empty restaurant. Unbelievable, I should've know.
3	Three stars.  It's Denny's.  But wait, it gets better.  We came in on a Saturday morning following a heavy evening of indulgent hedonism.  The first thing I notice is the guy wearing a plastic nose, but he's not dining alone.  His large stuffed dog has accompanied him on this meal and seems to be quite happy sitting on top of the table.  The gentlemen appeared to be having the time of his life and even got up to play the air piano at one point.  These are moments that only occur in Vegas.I forget our server's name but this guy was totally on top of his game.  Our order took a while to come out but the soda refills were flowing like Niagara.  The food?  Well it's Denny's, it tastes like food.I come here about once a year and that will probably continue until I move.  Thanks for the memories Denny's.
4	Yes Denny's get slammed by most people as bad food, but much like my sizzler review I am going against the grain, is it gourmet, certainly not, but they have certainly stepped up their "game" and to be honest, for me, they make a damn good burger, certainly better than 5 Guys.So yes I built my own burger, a simple affair with mushrooms, bacon and cheddar cheese, along with thick cut fries and a diet coke...Yeah I know, but I prefer the taste of diet to regular.Anyways, burger cooked perfectly, juicy with good flavor, fries cooked to a nice crisp golden brown.All in all a great meal for $8 plus tip.
3	The server was terrible here.  She got the orders all wrong, try to save us money by including my meal with someone elses when that person clearly wanted all four of the things in the deal he was getting. Clean location, but bad service.
5	This place as accommodated big parties and small get togethers with friends. The food is cheap but tastes great. Service has been very good
3	You never know what kind of service to expect here. Sometimes service is great a lot of times service is okay. Place stays pretty clean with exception of restrooms. Denny's has become pricey but what hasn't these days. Good for a meal in a pinch but money could be better spend especially in Las Vegas. I hit this location maybe once every other month when I feel like a Grand Slam or their very delicious Denny's Double Cheeseburger. It's okay.
1	The service was terrible they were slow and didn't really come by to ask how we were doing and it took a while to get a seat even though the workers were watching us stand there in the front. They did this to about every customer that came in. The food wasn't cooked how we ordered and it just lacked flavor for french toast. Definitely not going back there any time soon.
4	I have this thing for patty melts.  There was a lounge by my office that made a darn good one, but then they stopped serving food.  I've been driving by this Denny's for I-don't-know-how-long and kept thinking, "Hmmm...  I've gotta try their patty melt."So I did.  Ruben answered the phone - very nice phone voice and very pleasant in person too!  Happily changed my cheese from swiss to American (I just needed some ooey, gooey, melty cheese that day).  Ruben was waiting for me when I arrived with a smile on his face and my patty melt ready to go.It was sooo good!  The rye was warm and toasty (which is difficult to maintain when you get it "to go"), the burger cooked perfectly with grilled onions.  When I saw the fries, I thought, "What the heck are these?".  They were kinda big and shaped like a tin roof (not rusted - sorry, Love Shack reference).  I was afraid they were gonna be soft, but they were actually well cooked.  So I ate them too.Better prices than the other breakfast joint close by that also serves burgers, and better burger.  Way to go Dennys!I'll be back (I'm sure you can guess the reference on this one).
3	Not my first choice but I was hungry. Losing sight of what was in front of me we needed food and we needed it fast. Stopped off here before leaving Las Vegas. Always okay food.
1	My husband and I decided to stop Friday night (Valentines Evening) at Denny's and have dinner since I was cooking our valentines meal Saturday night.  The restaurant was about 80% filled with guests and there were two waitresses, the manager and one bus boy in the dining room.  I never saw how many cooks were there but from the service I would have to guess ONE! We were seated immediately by the manager and it took almost 10 minutes for a waitress to come take our drink order and another 30 minutes to get our drinks.  While the the drinks were being delivered the waitress took our food order.  I ordered endless soup and salad, and my husband ordered a ham and cheese omelet, white toast and grits.  After about  ten minutes or so the waitress brought me my salad  (brown, disgusting, limpy, dead) and about 5 minutes later she came and slid a bowl of soup (old, cold, canned) up next to me. I picked at my food while chatting with my husband thinking his food would arrive shortly, a half hour passed, I had been served my food, ate what I was going to of it and my husband STILL DID NOT HAVE HIS FOOD. I called over the manager and said I have been served my food if you could call this food and I am through eating and my husband still does NOT have his order. The manager said nothing, no apology, no offer to replace or fix anything he just scurried off into the kitchen and about 10 minutes later my husband's plate show up. The omelet was cold, the cheese was not even melted, the grits were lumpy and definitely instant, the bread cold and soggy from the butter it was dunked in.  He ate a few bites and we got our ticket and went to the register to check out where the manager took our ticket, our money, he never once apologized or offered to fix or comp anything.Needless to say I will be writing Denny's headquarter a very NASTY letter! For my fellow Las Vegas Peeps do not ever go to the Denny's on the corner of Eastern and Tropicana!
5	There is this young black manager who really lifts the tone of this location. Usually very clean through out. Restroom is clean but always has faint odor but could use a face lift, it is a little dark in there and aged. Coffee refills never come fast enough for me but this location is better than most. This is the one I go to eat Grand Slams and Denny's Cheeseburgers
1	The worst dining experience of my life.  They served cold coffee. Then we waited forever for our food and the salmon was dry. Waitress hardly ever checked on us and had to ask for coffee refills twice  when she finally got my coffe I had to ask for cream and the only time she was quick was to give me my $50 bill. A friend of mine had a similar experience at this Denny'S last week
2	Thought maybe, just maybe the service at a Denny's in a tourist town would be better that at home in Denver.  NOPE!  Still is extremely slow and horrible!
5	This Denny's is great. I come here all the time and never write a review. Tonight I went to another Denny's that was horrible and I wanted to at least give this place credit. The manager is always super nice and the waiters and waitresses are all nice and fast. I've been here probably 20 times and never had an issue. Always good food and great service.
3	What can I say, there's times when I just crave Denny's! I love that they have a free meal on my Birthday too. I ordered bacon/eggs with a side of pancakes and a cup of coffee. Ya the coffee cup was stained, I don't know what was on it -- looked like it had been ran over by a car and you know what? I just drank the coffee, which was good. Noticed that there is no silverware shining going on here as well, which to me is fine. The food was hot and good, I get my check right away and off I go -- I will be back.
