4	Made famous by the writer Ian Rankin as the favoured watering-hole of John Rebus, his fictional Edinburgh detective, the Oxford Bar is a real locals pub.  With plain white walls, a small, crowded bar and  a limited number of tightly packed wooden tables, this pub is defiantly unpretentious, a place offering alcohol, conversation and very little else.The clientele are mostly middle-aged men nursing pints while reading the paper or avidly discussing politics, so we felt a little out of place when we first went in, but soon managed to relax over pints of our own.You'd perhaps not be advised asking for a white wine spritzer or any similarly fussy drink here, but if you can brave the sweaty smell and basic surroundings, this is a good place to meet some interesting characters.
4	I agree with the prior two reviewers...an old school pub. Don't be intimidated though, walk in, order your pint or dram (don't ask for anything else as the response may offend, ha!), find an available table or stay at the bar and prop it up and enjoy a truly unique Edinburgh institution.
2	John Rebus, forgive me."The 'Oxford' Bar", as the sign has it,  is the plainest, homeliest, most austere pub I have ever seen.  A great setting for a novel and a must see for Ian Rankin fans.  Perhaps it is interesting as a living museum of a traditional pub.But fun?  Maybe for the depressive, semi-alcoholic Rebus.  Now that I think about it, Rebus drinks to drink, not to enjoy himself.  Question:  Anyone have any idea why the name"Oxford" is in quotes on the sign?
5	Don't worry about seeing Rebus ... Muir, Robert, and Tom are the real characters at this gem.  My wife and I spent a few hours here debating the ills of the world with these gentlemen and had the most enjoyable time of our week in Edinburgh.The bar area is quaint (read small) but its the place to be ... all the conversation is here not in the adjoining room.  Besides, if an argument over a point comes up this is where all the reference material is kept.Definitely a locals place but we felt very welcome .... if it fits your schedule, this is a must do.
3	This was a wonderful little neighborhood hole-in-the-wall pub.  It's well worn, but full of character.  It's also full of friendly, lively people (mostly older), in both the staff and customers.  I was also happy to find a few Scottish beers on tap that I hadn't run into elsewhere after a week in Edinburgh -- I know there are a _lot_ of beers, but many seemed to be standard at most places; the Oxford had a couple of the standards, but also several I hadn't come across yet, including an excellent red.
4	First things first - Yes, I'm a Rebus fan. Otherwise, I would never have searched this bar out. That has little to do with my review, as there's not a lot of Rebus-ness on display (a sole bottle of Rebus whiskey on the top shelf of the gantry was all I could see) to mark the territory,It's small. It's "rustic". When you go in, you're as likely to see cricket or rugby on the sole, small television over the bar as any football. If it's busy, there will be a crush at the bar, and there will be the inevitable "scuse me!" moment trying to extricate yourself and your drink from said crush.I would heartily recommend it though. I went it one afternoon with a book. Sat in the lounge next to a roaring coal fire, with just about the finest pint of Deuchars in the land, and just passed the time. To me? Perfect afternoon.I've been in at night when it's been livelier too; the regulars are more than welcoming, the staff cope damn well with the crush and the Deuchars? As I've said, it's to die for.Give it a go if you like genuine old fashioned pubs, not new pubs made out to be something they're not.It won't be for everyone's tastes, but it's well worth a try.
5	It wasn't just the Rebus association that drew me here but I am also a fan of the show "No Reservations."  The UK episode that Bourdain did several years ago featured a segment where he met Ian Rankin in the Oxford Bar for a pint (or ten) of Guinness.  I always remembered this and vowed to stop in on my next visit to Edinburgh.I was able to untether my leash while my wife and daughter became pre-occupied while shopping on nearby Princes Street.  It is only about a five minute walk to Young Street and before I knew it, I was sitting in this rustic little pub having a truly delicious pint of the black stuff.  My God it was a beautiful thing.The pub itself is a no-frills kind of place, which caters perfectly to my liking.  Real Scottish pubs aren't supposed to have all the bells and whistles that are way too common these days.The bartender was incredibly friendly and after asking me how I came to know about the Oxford, she gave me some "inside scoop" on the day the NR crew actually filmed the segment since she was working that day.  She even gave me a bookmark and postcard with the photos of the Oxford Bar on them as a souvenir.I managed a second pint before I had to call time and head back to Princes Street.  I could have happily stayed and drank the heart out of the afternoon but alas, those days are behind me.
5	No idea who rebus is, but this is a fantastic pub, staff are great, locals and beers also great. I will return!!
