1	I'm a spa/salon rat.  I know there's a certain amount of snootiness required.  But come on, Regis Signature, you're at the dusty a$$ Hilton.  Recognize what you are (or rather, what you're not) and bring it down a notch!We called there on a sunday morning to see if they had a same day opening for my girlfriend who was getting married that evening.  She needed a cut, color and style.  They were wide open (that should have been our cue to run screaming).Stylist was mediocre at best, and actually showed frustration when we asked her to redo the sad, flat bump where the tiara is supposed to sit.   Seriously?Coup de gras:  They wouldn't allow me to pull up a chair and keep the bride company during her service.  The nervous, sweaty bride had to sit in isolation for an hour and a half.    Our options:  sit in the waiting room or stand OUTSIDE THE SALON and watch her through the glass like homeless people.  Classy Regis, very classy. There are other Regis salons on the strip, I can't comment on them, but avoid this one.
5	I got my hair and makeup done here last Saturday for my wedding. I couldn't have been happier with the way it turned out. I originally wanted my hair down for my wedding but my hair wouldn't hold curls so she suggested an up-do. I went with it but was a little nervous at how it would turn out. After she was finished and I saw it I fell in love with it. It was more beautiful than I could ever imagine. The lady who did my makeup did an amazing job as well. She applied some eyelash extensions to me as well and those along with the make-up made me feel like a princess. The look on my husbands face was priceless he absolutely loved what they did and could not stop staring at me. It was PERFECT!
1	This place is ridiculous. I was in the hotel for a business trip. My coworker and I decided to stop in for a mani/pedi. Big mistake. My coworker's nail tech kept bragging about her 20+ years experience in the industry and about all of the celebrities she has worked on. Rigghhhhttt. My friend was left with uneven nails, nail polish on her fingers, bubbles in the polish, etc. I chose a dark color so I didn't notice while my technician was working on my nails, but as we were leaving the salon I noticed the same thing. I was wearing pointy toe pumps the next day at the conference and my nail polish smeared - that was a good 16 hours after the pedi. We ended up paying about $180 total ($90 a piece) for this delight. The worst part about the entire experience was that we took time out the next day to talk to the front desk about the services we had. The front desk said that they could do nothing since the salon simply rents the space from them and they don't actually answer to the hotel staff. They recommended that we go back to the salon and complain there, but that left us so uncomfortable that we ended up not doing it. I always thought that when you have a salon within your hotel that you can ring on speed dial from your room phone, that the hotel would be at least somewhat responsible for your service and experience there, or be at apologetic at the least and try to comp something - anything! Ridiculous.
5	$65 mani / pedi special. 20% off hair color. Local discounts too!  Just in time for Holiday parties!
