5	The kids in the neighborhood broke one of our second story windows.  Luckily it was easy to remove and we took it in ourselves to Anthony's.  We had it back the following day.  Service was FAST, easy and inexpensive.  If you can take your item in yourself their prices are fabulous.Bonus points they work 7 days a week.  My FAVORITE glass and mirror place in Vegas!!!!
1	Anthony's glass was extremely poor and unprofessional . I made an appointment on Friday for Saturday afternoon between two and four o'clock . They called me at 4 p.m. On Friday to cancel my appointment because they were closing tomorrow for the holiday , knowing full well that I was broken into the night before . Now the earliest that I could acquire an appointment was for next Tuesday thanks to Anthony's glass . You would be wise never to use this company
4	I recently had 3 opportunities to use Anthony's glass. (1) We recently moved into a "new" home.  My husband tried to put a handle on the patio door and drilled into the glass.  We called Anthony's and they came right out within the hour; measured the glass; came back an hour later and installed the patio door glass. (2) We wanted an all glass shower enclosure, I received a quote from one company for $2000; I received a quote from Anthony's and they quoted $1100.  The glass was ordered and the installation went smoothly and I love my new shower. (3)  I recently thought about replacing 3 sets of windows which had condensation between the windows.  I called Window World which offered $189 per window; but the quote was $1400.  I decided that only one window really looked bad.  I got a quote from one company and it was $580 to replace the entire window, but they recommended Anthony's to just replace the window panes.  I did for $203 - tempered glass, double pane.  These guys are great, I will continue to use them as I'm sure I'll have to replace the other 2 windows' glass.A real positive experience.  Customer service and admin very nice too.
5	Here's something that doesn't happen too much...After other window companies told me that my window had to be dual-pane instead of single-pane with silicone to seal it... I heard about Anthony's from a glass cleaning company and called, got a quote and I was very impressed with the price for by 4x2 window that needed a new, single piece of glass.I dropped the window off about noon, and it was ready at 3pm.. The price was lower then what she quoted me, so I knew I had to share my experience with you all. Note -- I noticed some of their clients on their 'glass whiteboard' in the showroom, they have some high-end clientele, so it reiterated my confidence in this company. I highly recommend and am extremely satisfied.
1	when i called Anthony,s Glass i received Bad CUSTOMER SERVICE the young lady that answered the phone asked me about four or five times to the information on the glass i needed that i need replaced and when i was finally able to speak to some one the gave me a quote  up there prices after they came to measure the glass i just was very unprofessional of them to wast my time i would not recommend this company to any one .
