3	I went to Salara Dessert Lounge right after a great meal at the Village Bistro. We were pretty full but wanted to grab one more drink before going home. It's definitely a cool scene, mellow, has a nice bar and a large seating area, and an outdoor seating area as well. Only downfall here for you beer fans, they don't serve any! We were a little disappointed with that. I had a dirty martini (can't go too wrong there) and my fiancee, helpless with no beer menu, ordered a Disaranno on the rocks, which made all of us (bartender included) crack up. The desserts were amazing and the service was good. I would totally re-visit this place.
2	On one of our infamous outings, my friends and I decided to see what this place had to offer.  The desserts themselves were really good, perfect to quiet a sweet tooth.  But the service left something to be desired.  The waiters seemed more interested in talking amongst themselves than anything else.  Sure there weren't very many people in there at the time, but really.  I think if they raised the bar on the service a bit, this would be a really nice place.
4	When I lived in Charlotte (for, like, three weeks), I survived on iced soy lattes and the flourless Lorins Torte from Salara.  However, every other item I had the pleasure of tasting was equally exquisite...pecan tartlets, big chunky chocolate chip cookies, rich fudgy brownies, sweet-tangy lemon squares...each precious moment, each tender crumb savored more than the last.   I don't miss Charlotte, but I do miss Salara.They also used to offer this incredible meal special that included an appetizer or salad, dinner entree, and dessert for around $20.00.  These savory lunches and dinners were also fantastic, but with a brightly lit, 12-foot refrigerator case full of delectable sweets, my personal priorities were on glaring and incessant display.  (When I lived in Charlotte I worked here, and I'm pretty sure I became a diabetic during that brief stint.  But oh, so worth it.)The atmosphere is, as stated, mellow.  A smooth natural stone bar cascades from the entryway like a veritable granite-brick road of inebriation, leading you to that glowing Emerald City of a dessert case.   Eat up, my pretties...From a server's point of view, you will never find an easier computer system to work with.  It's honestly idiot-proof, which may even work to Salara's disadvantage (addressing an issue posed by the previous review), as idle servers will tend to find something to do that has nothing to do with serving.  But serving is not a one-way job; don't be afraid to express your feelings to your servers.  Tell them your hopes, dreams, and preferred meat temperatures.  Communication is the key to any successful relationship.  If you treat your server like a one-night stand, they'll do the same to you.  You'll both lie awake at night, lousy with guilt, poring over what went wrong between that first cheery hello and the crappy-tip farewell.  And someday, when you've long forgotten this crime of silence, you'll pass each other in the street, exchanging lingering "do-I-know-you?" glances, only to remember all too well that yes, to your mutual shame, you most certainly have met before.
1	I just don't get this place.  The atmosphere is trying to be upscale, the desserts look upscale, but they simply don't taste all that great to me.  Totally not worth the money.
2	I am pretty sure this place is now closed... but before they closed, David and I went in to find a sweet treat after we had eaten dinner elsewhere.  We were quite disappointed with the selection of desserts and beverages...plus the server didn't really seem interested in serving us... so after checking out their menu and what they had in their display cases, we decided to head over to D'Vine Wine instead.
