4	BYOB.  Have a group that loves to go to BYOB restaurants and we all bring some good wine or beer. Started with white bean dip, it was really good, it didn't last long.   Had the Casa salad with fresh gorganzola - loved it. The shrimp i had was cooked perfectly.  Tasted some of the pasta's others at the table had and thought they were even better than what I had.  Staff is friendly.  Place is small and tables are right next to each other so may want to make reservations.  In the summer, you can sit outside but not much to look at, but you can enjoy the weather.
5	Loved everything we ate here while in PA.  We must have had 2 helpings of bread with the bean dip and olive oil. It is so simple, yet so delicious! The caprese salad is fresh and the mozzarella is very good. I had the crab and angel hair with pinon nuts for my entree and my fiance practically stole it. He ordered the chicken parmesan equally as good, but just different, (obviously)  The pasta is al dente, perfectly cooked crab, olive oil/butter sauce, good parm, and toasted pine nuts. YUM!  The chicken is very lightly breaded, crisp, tender, juicy, and flavorful. Just the right amount of red sauce and cheese. Tiramisu! We ate so much bread and pasta and chicken, I don't know how I managed to practically lick the plate. (if we weren't in such close quarters to other patrons, I just may have) It is so good. Creamy and rich. I wish they gave you a bigger slice. :)This tiny BYOB is cramped, always busy, and has that mom and pop, humbled, great service that feels like family is serving you. I will frequent this establishment every time we come to visit!  Try and make a reservation, especially on weekends!You will have to work out for a week to work this meal off, but it is sooooo worth it!
4	Yes. this place is very good.  BYOB which I love.  Took one of my favorite wines to go with really good Italian food.  The bread is good and you get a bean and green dip and olive oil dip...YUM!  Had the sausage appetizer... it is huge and spicy...wonderful!...with onions, red peppers, green peppers, banana peppers and great sausage.  Ordered the Casa salad which was fresh greens, pignoli nuts, and a real nice dressing.  Then had the angel hair pasta with crab, pinon nuts.  Was able to finish up someones penne with vodka sauce and it was sooo  goooood!  It had some veggies in it also, so not just sauce and cheese.Dessert, they were out of the Tarimisu but had a coconut pie that was one of the best I have ever had.  Not sure if it is made in house but it was really wonderful.Have called Il Burloni a few time in the past couple of weeks a day or so before we wanted to go and could not get reservations unless we would go, really, way to early or way to late...so if you plan on going, definitely have reservations.
2	Not impressed. Service was poor. Food was slightly above average. Our entrees came out one at a time over a 10 minute period.
4	Becoming our go to place.  BYOB, which I love.  Took a nice bottle of wine to have with the great food.  We had reservations for very early dinner, got there and they did not have our names, must have forgotten to write it down.  After a few minutes, they seated us at a table outside.  Actually like the outside table, even though it is on a parking lot that gets a little bit travel but not to much.  The bread is so good with the bean and green dip and also some olive oil.  When you go it check out all the veggies on the kitchen counter...Yum, makes me so hungry.  Had the Veggie plate antipasti.  Oh so Good!   Then had the crab cake which is soft, tender and so tasty.
4	The place is small and was busy! Glad we called to reserve a time & table. Wonderful food. If you like beets, you'll rave over the roasted beet salad. Pasta Bolognese - excellent. Pasta Arrabiata, oh yeah it's "angry" with roasted peppers. It'll warm your tongue in a good spicy way. Tiramisu & Coconut Creme pie made it complete. Yum!
5	First visit last night.  Great service, great atmosphere for such a small place, and the food is delicious! Best Veal Marsala ever, and the Grilled Calamari was awesome!
4	Still really good food.  Still BYOB.  A new chef, but the food is still really good.  Took a nice bottle of wine to celebrate!  Good bread with the bean and green dip or olive oil.  Vegetable plate app is scrumptious.  Crab cake  with spinach w/lemon cream sauce was oh so good.  Others in the group had pasta and were all very happy.  Waitress was stressed with a lot of tables and one helper.  Though the food is good, and we go occasionally, the waitress is not real friendly and the one owner appears to only talk to a few good customers.
4	Still good food.  BYOB, so take a nice bottle.  Started with the brad and been and green dip.  Nice start!  Shared a beet salad with goat cheese that was very good. Had the Pappardelle w/sausage, onion, goat cheese in a light read sauce.  Delicious meal.  Great pasta and some of the better sausage around.   Only able to eat half so had nice meal the next day.Service was good.  Did not have the waitress we are use to, she was not working.  Don't expect your meal to come flying out of the kitchen.  It was crowded late on a Sunday night and the chef was busy.
4	Had a very enjoyable evening with friends.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Had the grilled calamari in tomato sauce:  a little saltier than usual.  I also had the linguine with white clam sauce.  Good chunks of clams; but mix with a little less oil next time.  A friend had the beet salad which is always amazing.  Il burloni hits the nail on the head with its salads.  Chcoloate snowball cake did not have a lot of flavor, either in the white icing or the chocolate cake.  French press coffee was very good.
2	Still very good food!Still BYOB!  Love that!Now some of the bad.Not sure what is with the owner!  We eat here frequently and the owner is so unfriendly and so customer insensitive. Yes insensitive!  Polishing her nails at the counter overlooking the tiny dinning room, what's the story?  Puts her purse on the stainless steel counter were some prepared food is placed, not very sanitary!Clueless on training the staff and how she or the staff respond to requests.We asked for the music to be turned down a little because at our table of 4, we had a hard time hearing each others conversation.  First request to waitress; who responded " I don't think they will allow me to do that."  OK not the correct way to respond..maybe this should be worded differently!  Is the customer important or what!   The music was not turned down.Later the owner came by to say hello and check on things.Requested the music be turned down a bit.  Her response, "We want to have some atmosphere."  Not the correct response, again!  Again, it was not turned down.This place is tiny and plain and has the tables stacked on top of each other.  OK, I understand some music but not so loooooouuuuuuuddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The good.  The food.  A bit overpriced but very well prepared.  The Chef does a great job!
5	Had the most amazing dinner last night!!  Our waitress was super friendly and attentive, which was amazing, considering she was the only waitress in the entire restaurant for the majority of our meal.  For appetizers, we had the grilled calamari and fried zucchini... both equally delicious, but pleasing in different ways. The calamari was perfectly tender and flavorful in an olive marinara.  The zucchini was paper thin and fried to perfection.I had the caprese salad and then the veal piccata, a little tart, but delicious.  Others at the table - caesar salads, veal marsala, veal milenese and the absolute best at the table... parpadalle with sausage and goat cheese.  Seriously, the pasta knocked everything out of the park!  We finished the meal with house made tiramisu and a 1/2 press of coffee.This meal was absolute perfection.  The atmosphere left a little to be desired, as it is in a strip mall and the tables/chairs/booths looked a little thrown together.  But was quickly forgotten when the food was presented.  Also - BYOB with 5$ corkage fee... doesn't get better than that!One suggestion - make reservations in advance.  We've tried to get in several times by calling that night/weekend and finally got a table when we called 2 weeks in advance.We can't wait to go back!  Well done, all!
2	Bring your own bottle. Pedestrian italian, no pizza, little flavor, overpriced and way too small for comfort. Sat next to a space heater. And it's a strip mall. Wrote this in Feb 2012 and for some reason it is just now posting. Maybe its better now.
2	Let me first say that the service is great!  So cudo's to the waitress, however, the waitress only takes the order and brings the food.The bread served was stale and tasteless, the oil dipping sauce matched.We started with fresh deep fried mozzarella, despite being cooked, the cheese was cold and soggy.  I have had this dish elsewhere and it has been prepared properly.  Here I would not recommend at all!We have been here a couple of times and the food is very inconsistent, perhaps average at best depending on the dish you order.  The Veal Marsala was one of the worst I have ever ordered anywhere.  The veal was clearly a lesser cut, basically a roll roast cut into thick slices, NOT pounded flat at all.  So it was just several pieces of 3/8" hockey puck size of veal which was not tender.  The Marsala sauce was missing something, tasted bitter or sour, I think it was missing the marsala.  The dish was overpowered by an excessive quantity of jumbo shitake mushrooms, I mean overpowered.  Not an enjoyable meal at all.My wife ordered the Bucatini with marinara, now that was not bad, the bucatini is a relatively large round noodle which is like spaghetti on steriods.Overall the restaurant is very small and very noisy, but that is acceptable.  But the food is just a complete hit or miss for the price.  Too pricey for hit or miss!!
4	We have been to Burloni many times over the past few years. Every time we left full, happy and content. Yes this place is very small. They do have a few tables outside when it is warm. Our latest adventure to IB brought a table of 8. I'm sure they were annoyed with us seeing I called the day of to make reservations and called back 2 more times that day to change the number of people. Regardless, our table was ready when we arrived. We started our meal with the calamari, fried zucchini, and sausage with peppers and onions. The sausage is my favorite app. Not too sweet, not too spicy. Perfectly complimented with freshly sauteed onions and peppers. Although I have tried many dishes at IB, my go to is the grilled chicken (pollo griglia) with vegetables. Two marinated chicken breasts grilled and served with a huge plateful of various veggies-carrots, broccoli, potatoes, onions, peppers, cauliflower, brussel sprouts. If it's in season, you're getting it. I always add a large helping of the shredded cheese they leave for you on the table. Another favorite is the pasta bolognaise which hubs ordered and I stole a few bites of. They also offer a few desserts that change with the season. Unfortunately, I'm usually too full to try them. Overall, small restaurant, not much in the way of decor/ambience but great food.
2	I picked this restaurant for my birthday dinner with my cousins. I'm attracted to 'made-to-order' restaurants that can accommodate someone with a severe dairy allergy, but unfortunately I chose poorly. Let me caveat by saying that the rest of my family had an amazing meal here. The atmosphere is cute, the server was very sweet and accommodating, but sadly the chef was sloppy and careless. After explaining my dairy allergy, the waitress brought me my dinner. After two bites, I felt a tingle on my lip and proceeded to fork a piece of penne, which had a long string of cheese attached to it. The waitress was extremely embarrassed and apologetic & took my entree to the kitchen, where the chef denied that there was any cheese in the dish, but begrudgingly made another one for me. The second round tasted awful and was missing the shrimp I had ordered, but at this point the rest if my party was almost finished eating, so I just let it go. The waitress was nice enough to take he shrimp off my bill, but not the entire dinner. I mean they only almost sent me to the hospital. In any case, this is a nice restaurant but steer clear if you have any dietary restrictions. Made to order? Not so much.
5	The atmosphere is warm. It's small bit quaint. Don't be surprised if you get into a conversation with the table next to you.   Food....  One word. ... Fabulous.  If you're looking for a creative chef  you've found  your place.
4	Excellent little BYOB place with reasonable corkage fees. I'm partial to the Pappardelle w/ Sausage, Onion, Goat Cheese in a Lite Red Sauce. It is the most frequent thing I order.The bolognese is also excellent as far as the pasta dishes go.Typically they have a fresh fish special. I have ordered these from time to time and have always enjoyed them. It is not an overly large place so it can be hard to get a table. Given this I have ordered take out from here multiple times and it has always held up well. They also make it a point to give you everything that would be served to a sit down patron such as bread.
5	So yum! Staff is amazing. Had a great valentines party here and everyone was spectacular!!!
4	Hard to find (it was in a shopping plaza) but delicious! Get a reservation and bring some vino. House salad dressing was so good. I wish they sold it!!
