3	My girlfriend order a flower arrangement for my mothers birthday in August from "Antique Rose". This arrangement was beyond beautiful, reasonably price and they finished the arrangement in a record time. Having been very impressed with the way they handled my girlfriends order I decide to use them myself. I placed an order for my sisters birthday for a special arrangement as before they were very prompt and professional, the only down fall is that they did not inform me of ANY OTHER CHARGES other than the cost of the flower arrangement. The point I am trying to make is that you need to ask them for all other charges/details, credit card fees, delivery fees, taxes etc, because if you don't you way be VERY surprised when you receive your bill, I know I was!
4	One of the classiest florist shops in Henderson.  It is a fact that this Florist is a place to go when you are not afraid to spend a little money - but intend on receiving a beautiful arrangement.  I am alway impressed with what I have ordered there...
1	zero stars!this is the absolutely worst  business let alone florist! they showed up 15 minutes before the wedding, we got no pictures with our flowers, we had to set the flowers  up ourselves. when i asked where they had been. the guy handed me a box, got back in his van a took off with out saying a word!  i called both the the office and 800 number more then 40 times to get answers w/ not one answer or return of my voicemail. i called up until the minute they showed up. the wedding started late because of the flowers. not to mention the our boutonnieres were wilted when confronted about thier breech of contract they were rude and threatened to remove my sister (bride) from their property.so rude so unprofessional the worst business ever.please if you are thinkg about a florist, go else where! do not!do not! do not! use this florist!dont not use this business!
5	For Valentine's Day, my husband originally had flowers sent to me through a popular online floral service. Needless to say, the flowers arrived in a box, were not fresh, only received 8 roses instead of a dozen that was ordered and it was entirely not anything my husband ordered. He was very upset so his boss suggested Antique Rose Florist. His boss has been using them for years. They came to the rescue and was able to send me a beautiful bouquet in a matter of a few hours after it was ordered on one of the busiest days of the year. The arrangement was breathtaking.
1	I recently ordered a plant for a family that lost a loved one.  I had stopped over to visit the family the very day this plant arrived.  I was both embarrassed and ashamed that they received poinsettias along with the plant, but the pointsettas were wilted beyond belief.  They've always been amazing florists, but I'll never use them again.  Such a shame...such nice people, but this took the cake in horrible service.
4	Another local Henderson business that's a hop, skip, and jump from my office.  Antique Rose has been a reliable source for flowers for co-workers, friends, and loved ones--who doesn't love flowers?  I came here recently to get a birthday arrangement for an office mate.  I told the kind lady my price range, we walked over to the flower fridge, she asked what I thought about lilies and tulips, I said I like them, and she disappeared in the back to do her magic.  About 15 minutes later- voila!  A beautiful bouqet was made and I left as one satisfied customer.
1	All I can say is......Don't go to this florist located at 338 S Water St. in Henderson, NV. I sent a dozen roses to someone and they were half dead when delivered, the bottoms of every single rose was brown from 2 inches down to the ends!  Then they charges me $10 for a business card that read who the roses were for and from!  Not to mention a $25 delivery fee!!!  On top of $100 for the rotten roses that never opened up and were completely dead within 2 days!  Also they charged my credit card...then didn't even delivery the flowers till 2 days later!  I seriously could have gotten better roses at the grocery store!  This place isn't professional at all, and the people than run it are very dishonest!  Again....this store is located at 338 S Water Street in Henderson, NV!!!!!
4	I received a beautiful arrangement that smells wonderful. Creative mix of different flowers.. Roses (with crystals in the centers), Delphinium, snap dragons, sunflowers, orchids, juniper and holly (December birthday), Gerber daisies, hydrangea, carnations, sunflowers, and some cool little flowers, I don't know the name of, all the flowers were dusted with glitter. Flowers are just beginning to wilt after 3 days, and they did not send any  flower preservative with the bouquet. I searched out homemade recipes on-line. Amazing flowers. Not sure of price since I received them as a gift but they took my breath away... see birthday bouquet photo below.
5	My husband has been ordering flowers for me from Debbie at The Antique Rose for quite a few years now...they are hands down the best florist ever. Their arrangements are GORGEOUS. Very detailed and very well done. You can just tell by looking at the arrangement that someone took their time putting it together. Today is Valentines Day and my over the top beautiful extremely long stem roses were delivered to me at 9:00am to my work by friendly delivery people. Thank you Antique Rose for always making special occasions that much more special.          Sincerely,         April Haley
5	All I can say is OMG! This was the most beautiful arrangement that I have ever received. I feel like the florist went out of their way to make this for me.
5	I went in to buy an arrangement for my mom, I chose a few flowers. The owner chose a few more. I can't believe how beautiful the arrangement was. It was more lovely than what I was expecting.  I was blown away and my mom loved the arrangement.  Nothing but good things to say about their product and customer service.
5	Helped with my anniversary! They only take cash, which I did not bring :( She made me a bouquet anyway, let me take it home and said I could come back and pay her tomorrow! You just don't get customer service like that anymore! Awesome experience!!!
