5	All I can say is WOW!  My air conditioning started blowing hot air.  Nobody could get out for several days, after all it is July.  Spoke to Brett at 1 pm and offered to be out between 3 and 5 the same day!  He actually beat me to my house by about 10 minutes and waited for me to get home without complaint!He went and did his thing..  came in and told me he not only fixed the unit that was giving me trouble..  He put 1 pound of Freon into my second unit!Not only is the one that he came out for running better than it has in a very long time...  My second unit is working even better that it was!Brett is professional, polite, hard working, and real good at what he does.As a Realtor, and a trainer, I am always looking for great tradespeople.  Now I FINALLY have an HVAC person that I can reccomend to the 100's of Realtors I work with on a regular basis.Thank You Kilter Mechanical, and Thank You Brett!
5	Steve and Brett are professional, considerate, and very knowledgable about their business. They have your interests in-mind. I recommend their company for any of your heating and a/c needs.
5	Wow! They came quickly on a hot Sunday when we couldn't get anyone else out. They fixed the a/c issue quickly and explained everything to me clearly. They were kind, clean, and professional. I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	This is an amazing company! They are fast, honest, and reliable. Our air conditioning unit recently started blowing hot air, and once the call was made, their worker arrived later that afternoon. He quickly assessed the problem and fixed it. After horrific experiences with other companies, there is no one I would trust more!
5	Kilter Mechanical is awesome!I was having issues with my air conditioner and in June I had called my home warranty company.  After 3 different companies coming out in 2 months and not solving the real issue they sent out Brett from Kilter Mechanical.  Brett came out late in the evening and I told him all the issues I was having.  He then climbed into my attic to look at the air handlers.  The 3 other companies had not done that.  That was when Brett figured out what the real problem was and came up with a solution.  He fixed my unit to ensure I had cold air blowing until he could fix the real problem.  Brett and his team were professional, honest and reliable and kept me informed every step of the way.  They fixed the system quickly.  No surprises!.  I now have cool air blowing in my house!  I would recommend Brett and his team to anyone.  They are amazing!
5	So amazing! After dealing with a different company, that left me with no AC for days, I was extremely grateful and impressed with Kilter. They went out of their way to come fix my a.c. the same day I contacted them!
