4	We were excited to see a new Mexican establishment open in Southside. Not a fan of the current chain restaurant I'm South Side.Upon walking in, there is not a whole lot of decor, which is disappointing for me. I love Mexican establishments, not just for food but for ambience. (They just opened, so hopefully this will change.)The waiter brought chips and salsa. The chips were crispy, which I like, and the salsa was tasty. Had just a little kick to it.We ordered the choribacon cheese fries as an appetizer.  I could eat these all day long. Fries, bacon, chorizo, and cheese....how can you go wrong?We ordered the enchiladas mexicanas and the molcajete fajita as our entrees.  The enchiladas mexicanas consisted of 6 enchiladas (2 beef, 2 cheese, and 2 chicken), beans, rice, guacamole, and pic de gallo. Every bite was as good as the next. Half of each enchilada had the red sauce and the other half had the green sauce.  It was heaven in my mouth.The molcajete fajita consisted of steak, chicken, chorizo, and shrimp cooked with pineapple, peppers, and tomatoes. This entree also came with beans, rice, guacamole, and poco de gallo. Again, every bite was delicious. Everything is seasoned to perfection. It was lunch when we ate and I'm not sure if the bar is open, but we will be back to try the bar. With the food being so tasty, I can only imagine what a margarita will taste like. Aside from the lacking decor that I deducted a star for, this place is a must try!
5	Probably one of the most authentic mexican restaurants. This place was great. I hear they plan to start selling liquor in two weeks and even have place for a nightclub/dancing
5	Simply a great authentic Mexican restaurant. Had lunch there a couple days ago and it was fantastic something that is a rarity these days as Mexican restaurants go. I had the chicken chimichanga lunch special...wonderful food can not wait for my next visit.
3	I think that this place could have real potential. They serve you free all you can eat chips and dip. Our chips were still warm from being cook and the salsa had a great kick to it. I ordered the enchilada Mexican i believe that had 2 cheese, 2 chicken, and 2 beef enchiladas along with sour cream, guacamole, lettuce, rice, and beans. Everything tasted delicious! I had to share of course because it was a ton of food. The service was a little on the slow side. The whole feel of the place was a little bland, but  the food made up for it.
4	Happy Cinco de Mayo...!El Toro Loco finally has a liquor license- or at least they were selling alcohol last night.  We went when we knew it would be jam packed as the 'other' mexican restaurant, the chain across the street, was packed as well.  The bar was full of people and the restaurant was 3/4 full.  It was clear that the staff wasn't ready for the onslaught that will happen every year for Cinco de Mayo.  There were 4 tables waiting to get bussed so they could turn them over and we witnessed one couple that were seated right by the front door get up and leave with disappointment.  They had even left drinks on the table.  We had eaten here once before so we knew the wait would be worth it.  After about 10 minutes waiting at the door we were finally showed a table and the meal started.  Chips and salsa were brought over immediately and our drinks- a margarita on the rocks and a Corona soon followed.  I can't recall the exact name of what we ordered but it was Fajitas for 2.  They had chicken, steak, shrimp and chorizo with onions & peppers.  It came out on a hot-plate kind of thing- heaping with stuff.  We each received 3 wraps and a plate full of refried beans, rice, lettuce, pico de gallo and guac.  The guac was the only disappointing thing here because it wasn't fresh- it is that Sysco type stuff, mixed with sour cream and heavy garlic.  It's not bad... but it's not good either.  It certainly wasn't worth the $6 I paid for the large bowl to dip our chips into.  That was the only 'low-light' of our meal.  We left with a 'to-go' box stuffed with 'stuff', a couple wrap shells and stomachs full of mexican...  Next time you're in SS- skip the franchise and give this place a try.  Our first time here we ordered the Big Fiesta Sampler and the Super Nachos.  Both were heaping and very satisfying.  Hasta la Vista El Toro Loco (Until next time...)  :D
4	First time here...food was excellent. I got the quesidilla supreme great taste and plenty of food. Chips and salsa very good also. I definetly will be back
5	Great addition to the Southside!  Better quality and more affordable than Emiliano's with much fresher tasting margaritas!  Please check this place out so that it stays in business.
4	Tasty tasty tasty! Good margarita for only $3.50 on Saturdays! Chorizo and cheese dip to start was amazing with a ton of chorizo. Kid's quesadilla was nice and served with a heap of rice. Choripollo for husband was huge and delicious (much bigger and with more chorizo than Emiliano's). My Pollo con crema was good and a great big portion. It was a little bland but I think that was due to not knowing anything about the dish and assuming that it would be spicier. All in all, a great place.
5	Wow what a great little Mexican joint! Went here for the world cup match. I wasn't planning on eating but the smell got to me! The chips and salsa were standard fair. The drinks were huge here! Definitely get your money worth. I ended up going with the Supreme quesadilla which had steak chicken and shrimp for only $13. Not a bad way to go out. It was delicious. Full of flavor. Came with a side of rice, refried beans, and guess what sour cream and guac came free no up charge! I will definitely be frequenting this place more often. I highly recommend this place and dare I say it's better than mad mex? Oh blasphemy!
5	The service is excellent and the food is great! The seafood nachos are amazing with delicious cheese sauce. The fajita quesadilla, fajitas, and marcos stuffed burrito are all excellent as well. Generous portions and quick to refill drinks. This place beats mad mex which lots of people like and I don't understand.  But then, people around here like eat and park too which is unimpressive. Hit up el toro loco for some tasty food and great service!  Two guys were checking up on us and they were super fast and pretty awesome!
5	I've been to this restaurant several times and have tried everything from the huge sample platter to the chicken and steak fajitas... Everything is delicious! I keep going back trying different things and  I've never been disappointed! Great food great service I give this place 10 stars!
5	Best Mexican Restaurant in South Side, easily.  Less expensive then Emiliano's,  better quality food, and even larger portions.   Tried the Enchiladas Mexicana and their Chili Relleno.  Both were outstanding.  Free chips and salsa that were pretty good too.  I will be back many times to try the rest of the menu.
5	This place is the best. I am here right now - beers (Yuengling included) and tacos are both $0.99. The tacos are legit - full size hard shell beef tacos with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. Come check it out. Thursdays. I heard Tuesdays too.
1	We had a party of 7 and in the beginning, advised we needed separate checks. Our drinks took a good 15 minutes to come out. When our food finally came out, two entrees were missing and the orders were wrong. It was about 10-15 minutes before the other 2 in our party received their entrees. The food was lukewarm and bland. We wanted to stick around for drinks, however, our waitress didn't come back and check on us. Some of our party had to go up to the bar for drinks. When we decided to leave our checks were not separated and when they were, it was wrong. It took about 25 minutes for us to actually pay out ( it was not busy).The waitress was very nice and friendly, but that doesn't compensate for the time wasted and less that mediocre food.
3	After seeing a huge sign on their building stating $0.99 tacos and drafts on Tuesdays and Thursdays I knew I had to check it out. Three awesome things... cheap prices, Mexican food and beer!We arrived right before the Pirates game and the place was pretty dead. We decided to sit at the bar and the bartender/server gave us the remote to put the game on. Cool! Obviously we wanted to get right to drinking. I noticed there was probably about ten different drafts available. I decided to get a Blue Moon but figured I'd check first to make sure that BM was included in the deal. It wasn't. Only Bud Light, Coors and YL. Still a decent selection, but if I didn't ask I would have been upset at my bill at the end of the night. The beer itself was okay. It wasn't super cold and they serve it in a glass that's clearly not meant for beer. It's probably big enough to fill just a little more than a regular 12 oz. can of beer. They're $0.99, though. Can't really complain.The tacos were decent. They are hard shells (no soft shells with the special) with an average amount of meat, lettuce, tomato and cheeses. The meat was better than I expected as I thought it was going to taste like fake Taco Bell filler considering they were $0.99. They also filled up our chip basket twice and the salsa is very yummy!Service is so so. The server was away from the bar probably half of the night. The drink specials only last till 9, so my boyfriend was waiting for her to come over to get him a new one. Time kept ticking and she was nowhere to be found. At 8:57 she comes over and says the "special is over." No, it's not. We showed her our phones and she agreed to give him two more beers. I think the place is worth trying, especially considering how cheap their specials are. However, nothing screamed at me to want to return.
4	We were there last night for dinner.  I was a little concerned because of two recent negative reviews.  But our service was very attentive, and the food was served hot.  I had the Camarones and Rice, and my wife and daughter had combo platters with Enchiladas.  All of our food was good.  And the price was reasonable.  I would go back.
4	We love this little Mexican joint! Much more authentic than Emilianos & we love their chorizo, carnitas & crab options! The servers are always friendly & it's a fair price. Me gusta El Toro Loco!
4	When it comes to getting the bang for your buck, this place really knows how to satisfy a poor college student like myself. I came here on a Thursday and just in time for their 99c taco deal. The only meat option was ground beef, but you can choose between soft or hard shell. The tacos are pretty average, your typical Americanized taco, but the fact that it was only 99c per taco made it so amazing. Pour on some hot sauce for that extra kick! And the very best part is that the chips and salsa are FREE! My meal consisted of three tacos (2 soft and 1 hard shell), chips and salsa. I was super stuffed and the bill came out to be...(*drumroll please*)...only $3.15. Cha ching!
1	If give thus place a zero if I could .. Service is terrible .. Beer is warm.. People are not friendly... I have walked by this place many times and I should of done the same tonight..this place could be so much better but the first person you see is the bartender who has no people skills what so ever... No bueno...will never be here again not will I recommend anyone to this place... Emiliano's food sucks!!! But at least the people there are customer service orientated ..Part 2 ... The good was just ok.. The only thing that seperates this place from Emiliano's is the terrible service at Los toros... Nothing spectacular... Mad NRC has better food.. And this is coming from a true Mexican who knows Mexican food... Avoid this lousy place.. You will just be disappointed
5	We went here for dinner on a Saturday night and had a wonderful experience. The specials are great and everyone gets chips and salsa! Our server was Ally and she was very nice and attentive. I will definitely be coming back!
4	this place is 1 of 3 'Mexican' restaurants along Carson Street and overall, it's my favorite compared to the mediocre portion-controlled Emiliano's (tiny portions, mediocre dull uninspired food/expensive) and La Palapa (good but a tiny little space, not good for groups and kind've expensive, also .)El Toro Loco is somewhat Americanized to suit the American Pittsburgh palate but it's still good n tasty .   The atmosphere is colorful cheery & bright which is nice .There was previously, another Mexican restaurant in this same space - Taco Loco which didn't last more than a couple years here for whatever reason .  It was a steel mill worker bar, eons ago .I recommend the Chorizo-Cheese fries as an appetizer .  Cheese & Chorizo were meant for each other !!!I think the prices are on the high side for a burrito and etc but i'm sure their rent is very high considering it's on the more high-price end of Carson Street .I don't ever see any kind of advertising or promotion for this place ... they'd be good to invest in some of that and put up a billboard around town here & there as the big Chinese buffets sometimes do ...Speaking of which --- i'd love to see them offer an all you can eat buffet once or twice a week ... it would surely be a hit with all the scores of college kids who live in the area during the College school months ...  Anyone that's hungover loves a buffet ...
5	I am so happy that Pittsburgh has been blessed with El Toro Loco.  I almost cried tears of joy as I ate my Pollo Ranchero because it was that good. I LOVE this place! I guess you could say I'm loco for El Toro Loco :DThe staff are super friendly and welcoming.  The chips and salsa appetizer is fresh with a kick of spice!  The good is prepared so quickly too. Honestly I think I blinked and it appeared in front of me.Final Thought:  This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant
5	Taco Bell gets 3.5 stars and this place is only at 4?  COME ON PEOPLE...!  This is THE BEST Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh.  My wife and I were in Cancun 2 weeks ago and after an entire week of Mexican food we both had sworn it off for months... that is, until we were out at Excuses and decided to grab a bite to eat.  Fat Heads would have been the first choice but the wait can be crazy long.  Sake for sushi was my second choice but the wife wasn't in the mood.  El Toro was her suggestion.  We were not disappointed.  We were met by what must be the owners' wife or the mother of the guys working there, she had a big smile, remembered us from visits past, asked if we would like our same table and immediately seated us and delivered ice water, chips & salsa.  Then she introduced our waiter and was off to seat other guests.  Our waiter- Mauricio or something- was very friendly, recommended a few specialties then gave us time to decide.  He even told us that margaritas & Coronas were half price and we ordered one of each.  The mega-margarita with the mini-corona is always Kim's fav and she loved it.  That drink is big enough to share but with Mauricio being 'quick on the draw' I never had an empty bottle in front of me.  For dinner, we chose the Molcajete Fajitas- steak & chicken (we're not fans of chorizo) and they were delicious as usual.  The quality, service & portions have not changed since our first visit.We will continue to be customers of El Toro because they deliver what we want- authentic Mexican, fair prices and excellent service.
2	To begin, I know better... With that said, I was hoping Yelp would do me right, but it simply left me $15 dollars poorer.I ordered around the menu but that still did very little to spare me the American Meal. The restaurant should be labeled American w/a slight influence from south of the border.Their only saving grace was the server in which I got to chat in Spanish with. She un-Americanized the menu for me as best as possible but You can be sure that w/out her, the place would really have to turn my arm to earn 1 star.Bloody disappointing & yes I know better, for I am in PA & not CA...
5	I love this place! 1000 times better than Emilianos! The margaritas and food are both equally delicious. Affordable prices, great service, and a relaxing atmosphere make El Toro one of my favorite additions to the South Side.
5	OMG. Four of us are here tonight. Good margaritas. Awesome food. Giant portions. Enough to bring home for tomorrow and then some. Best waitstaff ever. On my play list next time in town. I don't write many reviews but this place deserves more business.
1	Get some Taco Bell and drink wine coolers. This place sucks, Unless you are 23 , drunk with no standards.This joint is loud and caters to young people who have no palate . We left . Couldn't stand the noise ..it's embarrassing to say the least.The reviewers are typical yinzers with no taste . Trust me, stay away
4	Staff is friendly and the service is good. The salsa is better than other places I have been. The food was good.
4	I was on the South Side with my wife one evening looking for a place to eat whenever we stumbled upon El Toro Loco.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but once you are inside you are well aware that you are in a Mexican restaurant.  There are sombrero's everywhere on the walls.For my dinner entree I decided to order the Burritos Aztecas.  While we waited for our food to come out we were given some chips and salsa.  This ended up being my favorite part of the meal as the chips were fresh and the salsa had a little kick to it.  After finishing the chips my meal came out and consisted of some burritos smothered in some sauces.  They ended up being decent and there was enough food that I was stuffed by the time dinner was over. The bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  The atmosphere and the food were decent and I imagine that if I hit it on a Tuesday or Thursday night like many of the other reviews had then I would be very happy.
5	Wonderful staff and great food. Love the specials. The salsa and chips are great. I had tacos for my meal and I will say they are the best I have had in along time. I tried some of my husbands burrito (steak) and it was very good. The spice was just right. I would recommend you stop by and try it out. We will return.
5	I had a fish and shrimp dish for lunch. The fish was very fresh and tender, shrimp was very well flavored. The service is also good! Highly recommended!
