4	Finally! Sr. Asim Khan,A doctor who is compassionate, who listens, and who gives me hope. I've suffered with facial nerve pain for nearly 2 years and have been told that, "you'll have to live with it."... and I'm blessed to have found Dr. Khan and am now under his care. My experience after two visits and two injections has been very positive. I have received some relief and am hopeful that this course of treatment will eventually eliminate my nerve pain. I'm very grateful for his care and highly recommend Dr. Khan.
4	Dr. Asim Khan- Dr. Khan delivered to my day a complete uplifting experience. Absorbed in my pain and difficulty, he swiveled my head around with an optimistic outlook by making a positive program of treatment. My prospective has improved 180 degrees. He listens thoroughly and at the same time takes charge and makes plans. Compared to many others, I have a lot of confidence in him.
2	I agree with the other poster, this place is interested in your(or your insurances) money. I have back pain from a car accident. They ordered an MRI and weirdly enough I have a "slightly" bulging disc in the same spot I have pain. But it's considered "normal" in their eyes. But at the same time still continue to order tests. Ordered a steroid shot in my back for the area that was considered "normal", but if it's normal why do I need it ? Hmmmm. Oh yeah. Because my insurance can pay out a pretty penny for it. And I really don't like when the doctor says he will come back in the room to talk to you, then sends his assistant to talk to you and sends you on your way.
5	I have been under the care of another pain specialist for many years but had insurance changes that forced me to find a new provider. Dr. Ryklin and his associate, Claudia have completed diagnostic tests that I have never had with my old provider. It was found that I had a problem that could be treated and, hopefully, a relief of pain I've been struggling with for years.
1	I've had several procedures done here,and none of them had any effect, so they just suggest another procedure. The staff can't even manage an IV. The place seems drab and dirty and they are only interested in scheduling expensive procedures. Make sure you have great insurance! Or better yet, find another doctor!
5	Dr.  Khan has been great!  He understood my pain in my lower back and has me on a path of treatment to help. Dr. Khan has a great bedside manner. The office is very busy but, there goal is to help.  Also, the office staff are nice as well.I go for my 1st set of injections in 3 weeks.Upon receiving the injections they only helped a little but now they have me on another treatment plan.
