4	I was spending an afternoon near McGill, doing some window shopping. At some point, my sore feet got the better of me, and I looked up nearby spa options on the internet. This was how I found Spa Eastman. I have to say that I didn't have very high expectation at first. It is located inside a non-descript, tall office building (on the 16th floor). The reception area has a pleasant look but the clear plastic chairs were more fashionable than comfortable.But, everything took a turn for the better once I actually checked in. They provide the guests with robes and slippers, and the relaxation room has a wonderful view of the city (now I see why they chose to be on the 16th floor). There are complimentary tea and nuts and oranges. My masseuse (Nadine) is very pleasant. Her pressure is just right.  I definitely felt more rested and soothed afterward. Finally, a bonus -- there is a shower room, so you can get freshened up for the outside world after a relaxing session.
2	I  visiting Montreal and decided to do a spa aft w a girlfriend. Since the eastern township location is so highly touted, I thought the Montreal spa would be a "lite" version... boy was it lite. We showed up and the girl at the front didn't even look up for 7 min. We each had 2 treatments and thought they would show us to a locker and provide robes etc..she took our coats, gave us flip flops and didn't even suggest to my friend who had her computer to put it in the lockers in the back. No one even mentioned lockers. There was one bathroom and no shower room that I was shown. The relaxation room was chintzy but the view was the star. Lukewarm water for tea..While my friend's therapist was on time mine was a half hour late and no one came to tell..I walked up to the desk and interrupted the girls talking to ask. Finally I suppose a manager came out to explain... facial was blah which is sad since they do use nice products,  decleor and babor. Finally I had to ask for a robe since none seemed forthcoming before my massage. Massage was ok even tho I asked for more pressure..nada.. my friend was also not impressed  and her esthetician even did her manicure albeit reluctantly as the woman was actually blabbing to a regular of hers sitting nearby and telling her. Couldn't believe this. So many other things but won't bother.  I am a major spa goer and this was one of the sadder experiences. Thank goodness I had their special so I didn't waste too much money.
1	They waited until i was under the impossible to find spa for my 7:30pm appointment to tell me they messed up and booked it another province. They didnt even try to fix it, such a big red flag and waste of time in my honest opinion. Booking and going to a spa should be as painless as possible.Furthermore, they told me to call the montreal branch to try to sort it out. I called them, no answer. How is this in any way professional??
1	CAREFUL!! DONT BUY ANYTHING.  They don't refund even their products give allergies. Their staff will push you around and lie. Wasting ur time
2	Friendly staff, welcoming decor and nice atmosphere. However, I found it was very pricey as compared to the end result - I went for a gel mani/pedi and found it was very simplistic and disappointing, especially for $90.
4	I had a reservation for three for December 29 at Rain Spa booked three weeks in advance. On the day of, they say they have never hear of us. Eastman Spa worked very hard to fit us in for a massage and facial, for three!!!We all had an wonderful relaxing time. My daughter-in-law says Emmanuel has the hands of an angel. All service providers were professional and accommodating. I recommend the spa!
