4	So not at all familiar with Jamaican food - but I like this place! They have a slightly different menu each day - so if you're looking for a certain dish I'd call in advance to see if they have it that day. We had the jerk chicken and brown chicken stew - both of which had great spices and nice spiciness - especially the jerk chicken. Also the owners are really friendly and accommodating, helping newcomers like us try out a couple of different dishes. We'll be back for the curried chicken (Tues & Thurs) and want to try the curried goat (Saturday).
4	Great place! The food is great and a good value. It's owner operated and you can tell they really care their customers. But don't expect a bunch of Rasta's working there with Reggea blastin in the kitchen;) They are a very nice, clean cut couple. It's in a strip mall so it's not the "coolest" location. It's fairly hidden back behind the Starbucks. But if you want to try some great food that's just a little different than the norm, check out Starlight. Mrs. Brown is great about letting you try a sample before you place your order. FYI - if your in a huge rush, they tend to operate on island time ;)
4	I stopped here due to the positive reviews of other Yelpers. I must say, I am a fan! The owners were so friendly. The food was fresh and perfectly spicy.  I am a huge fan of mom & pop food spots, and this one was great!I had the jerk chicken lunch and a beef patty. The serving was generous and was priced right.The location is in a strip mall, near Fry's.  Try it, you will enjoy!
5	We went here because of the other reviews. This place is WONDERFUL! The owners are extremely nice and explain all the different kinds of meat. The food tastes delish.....especially the jerk chicken and ox tail.
5	Have eaten here 3 times and the food has been excellent each time. Lunch specials are $5 and dinner $10 to $12, portions are big enough that you will not leave hungry. So far we have tried the pepper shrimp appetizer, the Jerk chicken, curry chicken, and the goat. Very friendly owners, always talkative.
5	Awesome food and service.  I had the jerk chicken...omg. Can I say delicious and spicy.  Love it.
5	I have eaten quite a bit of Caribbean food over the years, having spent my high school in the islands. The jerk chicken (has a kick!) was excellent and fresh, as was the curry chicken. Patties straight from new York, ginger beer, fried plantains and a number of other island delicacies. It's a treat you don't want to miss. This food is kind of Indian/African influenced home cooking, if that makes any sense. A treat for the mildly adventurous palate!
4	This mom and pop place is clearly new and hasn't created much atmosphere yet, but the food is tasty, the $5 lunch special is a good value, and the fried plantains were piping hot.
4	Friendly
5	We tried this place today because of all of the great reviews it has received here. We were not disappointed. The jerk chicken was mouth watering and the patty was excellent. The service was great and they are extremely nice and friendly. They even gave all three of us a sample of their homemade carrot cake, trust me, you have to try it! We will definitely be going back!
4	Tried this place based on numerous positive yelp reviews. What a great find! We tried the meat patties and jerk chicken, and everything was delicious with very unique flavors. Also, the server was very friendly, and even gave us samples of some their other dishes. Highly recommended.
5	Simple and delicious, great people too
4	Whew! Great Ox Tails in a foreign land.Although my time in Phoenix was short this was a bright spot in my time there. They are a bit of a drive if you live in the city but totally worth it.
4	The food was pretty good, the restaurant's ambiance a little lacking - this is obviously a take-out restaurant rather than dining in.  But the star of the show was the owner, who welcomed us in as though we were her guests and spent the entire time there sharing all sorts of tidbits about Jamaican cuisine, things that we knew absolutely nothing about, and suggesting things we might try based on our tastes and experiences.  That alone made it worth the visit.
5	Very friendly great service.omg eating the beef patty right now so delicious.bread pocket filled with ground meat that is seasoned just right. Slight kick of heat but still tasty.
5	I have been looking for a good Jamaican restaurant for a long time, specifically one that has beef patties and home made sorrel.  I used to live in New York and they were easy to find there, but not in AZ. I found this restaurant on Yelp last weekend and decided to take the whole family after looking at the menu online. It was a Monday, so we were able to get the jerk chicken plate for $5 for the lunch special. My husband loved the chicken and so did my 5 year old! It had just the right amount of spice. My 2 year old loved the rice and peas. I was very excited that they had home made sorrel as it wasn't listed on the online menu. It was amazing! I ordered a beef patty and a chicken patty; both were good but the chicken patty was definitely better. The staff is extremely friendly and made sure to give us coupons for the next time we come back. I am now recommending this restaurant to anyone I know that enjoys Jamaican food. Get up and go! You won't be disappointed!
