5	It's all too easy to walk into an REI thinking you're just going to pick up a water bottle and walk out with a $200 North Face fleece.  If you don't fall victim to the titillating down jackets, -20 sleeping bag pods, or Chaco sandals, REI is simply nice for browsing around for all those outdoor-type things that would be nice to have but probably aren't worth paying $$$ for.Contrary to 99% of retail stores, the staff at REI are well-trained, friendly, and genuinely helpful.  The store has a good return policy and stands behind their products.  Product selection is not always the same as their website, but you can buy something online and have it shipped to the store for pickup at no additional cost.  If you find you don't like it, you can return it without much hassle.I suppose my only critiques of REI is that its abundance of technologically advanced products might suggest that one needs to have top-end gear to in order to properly enjoy outdoor activities, even simple things like hiking and camping.  I certainly don't agree with that, so buy what you need and window shop the rest...
3	The staff is very friendly and helpful in the dept that I needed assistance in, which was hiking/climbing shoes. Those guys and gals are very knowledgable and the person I had asked originally didn't know but they directed me and found me someone who was familiar with hiking stuff. I also ended buying the display shoes since it was actually my size and the last one they had in stock so they gave me a small discount because it was on display. These stars are for the excellent service but I can't rate it higher because of the lack of inventory. It seems like they are doing some construction so that may change I hope.
2	We went there a couple of years back to purchase a winter coat for our 2nd grade boy. We called ahead and it took over 5 minutes just to determine if they even had children's coats and when we arrived we were greeted at the door not with a greeting but with "were closing soon" and nothing else. When we finally, on our own, found the children's coats we didn't receive very enthusiastic help. Our experience did not live up to the image their brand carries.
2	BOO! My girlfriend and I went there looking for a winter coat. While walking through the store, we passed by an associate. My girlfriend said "Hello" to the girl, to which she did not respond. Immediately afterwards, the girl approached another customer in a super friendly manner, which kind of said "Eff You" to my girlfriend. Now, truthfully I cannot say that she 100% did hear her, but she would have had to have been in some kind of daze to not have. It seemed deliberate. Anyway, the rest of the time we were there, we were not approached by any associates to see if we needed any help. It was just a bad service experience. They DO have nice clothing, though. I always have been a fan of REI, but that makes this experience all the more disheartening.
4	The staff is always friendly and willing to give an opinion to indecisive people like me. I went there with a jacket in mind, and walked out with only that jacket -- although I could have bought so much more. So tempting. And, I didn't know this going in, but right now you get 20% off a full-priced item if you're a member :)
5	I originally bought a road bike from Budget Bicycle and each year it would be such a hassle getting it into them for a spring tune up, both in convenience of location and time frame.  It sometimes took up to 10 days to get my bike back.  This year a friend recommended REI for my spring tune up.  I didn't even realize that REI had a bike repair shop.  Turns out they do and it is fully stocked with quality bikes and bike parts along with knowledgeable and friendly staff.  I hadn't ridden my bike for over a year and I thought it needed a lot of work and I said as much.  But, the awesome bike guy took a look at it and said I only needed the basic tune up.  No upselling, no haggling, no long down time for repair.  They were professional, friendly, knowledgeable, fast and thorough.  I will go back to them for all my bike needs.  In addition, they have a member co-op program that offers discounts on repairs and dividends back on all purchases.  You can't go wrong here.
5	Well I have been coming here since I was little for mountain biking equipment and Skiing equipment and everything in between and have always loved it. Everyone working here is always really really nice and just so polite. They seem to know everything about everything and are always eager to help. If they don't know the answer to something, they will find out for you and if they don't have something in stock they will find it for you. Now this was when I was younger and now? It's no different and NOW THEY HAVE REMODELED!! REI's West Towne location is now massive beacon of your outdooring needs. As many people probably know that REI is aimed a little more toward the more serious and extreme outdoorsman. Including things such as winter camping and mountain climbing. They have a lot of other stuff for everyone though. The new building is gorgeous and one of my favorite features of it is the massive front doors and Ice picks for door handles. You get an immediate feeling that you are about to embark on an outdoor adventure and don't know when you may return. I feel that the combination of the new store and the relaxed personalities of the employees excite you to buy everything and go out into the wilderness and see where you end up. It is fantastic. I have never had a bad experience here and I really hope not to. Everything here is very well separated and categorized you know exactly "what department" you are in without knowing you have ever transitioned into another area of expertise.This store does extremely well and I only hope more success for it. That'll do REI.... That'll do....
5	Wahoo! Another 5 star review for a great business and great people.  We went in to get a fluid resistance bike training system, and they had a HUGE selection. We were immediately greeted at the door, and had all our questions answered. They were experts and led us to the perfect product.  Unfortunately, when I opened the product up at home, the fluid had already leaked so we drove back to the store to return it.  I forgot the receipt at home (whoopsies) but they were totally cool and switched it for me, no problem.  Also if you get a membership ($20 for life) you get 10% off every purchase. $300 purchase=$30 off...BAM. Can't wait to go back for my other biking/sporting/work out needs!
5	Nice staff! They are very helpful and friendly. Store is nicely sized and located near the West Towne Mall. A must-stop for your outdoor needs. They also do rentals for winter sports like snowshoeing and cross country skiing.
4	I used to believe that REI was over-priced and a bit elitist. That was before I became interested in camping and outdoorsy exploring. Do yourself a favor and get their membership - it's a one-time fee of $20, and you'll receive a ton of perks, including the infamous 10% dividend.This store recently underwent a remodel; I love the new layout. Great selection of gear, most of which is always in stock. The staff has been friendly and helpful; I had to return an item (sans receipt) and it was completely painless. I've also picked the brains of a few of their backpacking specialists and have never been led astray.I still prefer to support local stores like Fontana, but Fontana is a bit light on backpacking/camping gear, so when they are, I don't hesitate to visit REI.
4	Normally, they don't open until 10 :(I generally like REI - they have a very cool selection of outdoor gear, staff tend to be knowledgeable, friendly, and enthusiastic, and they are great about ordering items, and returns.  Prices are generally high, unless you hit the sales.  If you are a member, which I am, you do get the member rebate.  This can be especially nice for large purchases.  You also do get good member deals via email, etc.I also generally like the REI branded merchandise - pullovers, gloves, socks, etc.Hint:  Hit the sales, the return tables, and during change of seasons, when they can have great close-out deals.
5	Even since I started getting into backpacking and hiking, this has been one of my go-to places for new gear, advice on current gear, or just some basic necessities for a trip such as first aid or freeze-dried food. Getting started with a new hobby can be intimidating. But the staff at REI are awesome at channeling that fear away into excitement. They take the time to show you how wonderful things are without once pushing you to get any. It helps a lot that they are being paid by the hour instead of commission-based. You are always welcome to test their stuff. They encourage you to pitch tents,test out sleeping bags and pads, try on backpacks and hiking shoes on sample rocky incline surface that resembles a trail. They even have a mountain biking test trail around the corner from their store where you can test drive mountain bikes! I guess the only thing which may be lacking is a lake to test the kayaks =)One time I was looking at camping chairs and wishing I have one of those. The associate at REI came over, told us all the good stuff about those comfortable and light chairs, but end up saying: Even thought there are a lot of lightweight camping accessories out there, the weight still adds up, so only get what you really need. Such honest advice are so hard to come by ~~No wonder they are listed as one of the best places to work at. All my experience there have been very positive and I always walked away with exactly what I need, some times even more! Note that the Madison store is smaller than the stores in the larger cities so even though they carry a variety of items, your desired color or size might not be in stock all the time. But that is not a big deal as the staff are very helpful at helping you order online and REI will ship it to your doorstep for free. I strongly recommend a stop by for all your outdoor needs.
2	Maybe I do not look like I can afford to shop there (which I can't).  Nevertheless, I try to make it to their after-Christmas sales.  The staff over the years have been disinterested in greeting me or, well, maybe sometimes... a little full-of-themselves.       On one  outing there, I asked a clerk for all-cotton thermal underwear (like the kind you wear ice fishing). I was told they were "out of style" and hence, no longer made.  I hung my head in disappointment and shame and at being so behind the times.  I was encouraged to consider instead their line of silky, lightweight, to-my-eye, somewhat feminine synthetic under-layer tops.             I asked for "choppers"  last winter during the depths of the polar vortex.  They were unable to help me since they had not heard that term before.  I struggled to describe what they were.  Apparently I made a fool of myself because I overheard my salesperson mocking me to a colleague later as I browsed solo.  I was too astonished to confront them.  At least they could have waited til I left the store to make fun of me.
