5	A lovely statue, with a wonderful slice of history behind it. The story of Bobby is easy enough to find on the web, but if you visit Edinburgh, you really should try and see him.
4	In good weather, this is a nice place to go to eat your lunch. Grab a sandwich from one of the many sandwich takeaways on George IV Bridge or Forrest Road and relax in a leafy nook by the church. There's a grassy area so you're not actually sitting near the graves! It's very picturesque. Can get a bit busy with students if it's exam time, I've found, but otherwise take a book and chill out for an hour in this little oasis in the city centre.
5	Bobby's statue is located on the corner of Candlemakers Row and King George IV Bridge, just outside Greyfriars church and graveyard. Bobby is buried in the Greyfriars graveyard, near the front. Both Bobby's and his master graves are marked with headstones.
5	The story of Greyfriars Bobby is one that every Edinburgh resident holds dear to their heart and this statue is a monument to this story. In 1858 a local man called John Gray died and his little scrap of a dog, Bobby, a Skye terrier, kept vigil at his grave for fourteen years until his own death in 1872. The statue and fountain was erected in memory of his loyalty and devotion in 1873 and has been a tourist attraction ever since. I think it's a really lovely story and the amount of tourists who flock to visit it must think so too.
5	The story of Greyfriars Bobby is one of the few that warms my little black heart. Little Bobby was the most faithful little dog, staying at his masters grave for 14 years. With the help of a few locals of course. It is worth a visit just to remember one of the nicest stories in history. The Museum of Edinburgh on the Royal Mile has a very small Greyfriars Bobby exhibit which is worth a visit if you want to know a little more.
4	If you're from Edinburgh, you'll no doubt know very well the story of the wee dog that was faithful to his master, even after his owner's death, consequently prompting the building of the statue and monument which marks the story of Bobby, the Skye terrier.If you're a tourist you're probably going to be up here anyway exploring the Old Town, so you should definitely come and gaze at wee devoted Bobby. The fact he lay on his master's grave for fourteen years, only leaving when he needed food, has got to have earned him a symbolic pat on the head and a read of his story. A lot of the local residents used to come and feed Bobby and look after him, and the engraved dinner dish given to Bobby at the time can be seen at the Museum of Edinburgh.Just across from Bobby's statue, there's the Greyfriars Churchyard where Bobby's master was buried, and there is also the well-established Greyfriars Bobby's Bar, for some traditional imbibing and often live Scottish folk music.
5	Call me cynical, but I'm not entirely convinced about this story. While it's all well and good to suggest the little mutt was being faithful to his deceased chum,  anyone who's ever passed a roadkill rabbit when taking their dog walkies will know there's a more gruesome (and likely) explanation.Bobby wasn't being faithful, he wanted to feast upon his owner's corpse.I understand however, that the story of Greyfriar's Bobby doesn't have the same appeal when the little guy is chewing on a partially decomposed eyeball instead of waiting patiently on his owner's return, so it's best for all of us if we stick to the Disney version. For the record, that one is a sweet if very sad story, which is well embodied in this dignified and unassuming little statue.
5	When I moved to Edinburgh, a relative of mine told me about Grayfriars Bobby. Imust admit, while I was touched by the story - I was expecting a big statue, not something that is literally the size of your average Yorkshire Terrier. You might just miss it if you are looking for it arent keeping your eye out!The statue aside (which I do like as a tourist attraction) isnt the only part of Grayfriars Bobby - theres a Graveyard where the poor guy and his dog are lying so give it a visit if you are feeling morbid :)
5	Greyfriars Bobby is a story that has travelled well across the globe. It's the age old tale of a loyal dog who waits patiently for his master even after his death, and is touching for young and old alike. This is a small statue erected in wee Bobby's honour, sitting just outside the graveyard and Bobby's bar. The Skye terrier is immortalised in all his glory near the George IV Bridge, and has been in this area for over 100 years.If you can shimmy up to pass the many tourists huddled around him, you can give wee Bobby a pat on the head for good luck. Although he is not a fountain anymore, he is still kept in really good condition and undeniable one of the stars of Edinburgh's tourist industry.There is always a place in people's hearts for a lovely dog who refused to leave his master's side for all that time. Films are dedicated to man's best friend all the time - the last one that springs to mind is Marley and Me. Bobby's tale is the original, and touching in its sweet simplicity. As Bobby looked out for his master, Edinburgh now looks out for him.
5	Lets not lie....it's a wee dog. Yet it;s so much more...I'm not going to repeat the story as it's been said before and it would be pointless, but what a wonderful sentiment!!This is not just a dog, it stands for loyalty, love and friendship. It that's not worth getting a picture beside, then what is?
5	Everyone knows the story, and everyone loves the little pooch. But not everyone knows the truth behind the tale...The tale is much more heartbreaking than the public are led to believe. Many think that the little dog was so grief stricken he didn't leave his masters' side, however he was actually so utterly gutted that he actually turned to stone. The statue that tourists snap photos of everyday is the actual dog, forever wrapped in grief...waiting...waiting, for his next master to awake him from his slumber.God bless ye Bobby
5	I love Bobby he is the sweetest statue i have ever seen.I wish i could have seen him back in the old days when the people and dog fountains were still in usage.He is the only statue I have ever seen that i fell like i want to give a cuddle to.
2	I don't understand all the five-star reviews for a statue of a dog and a maudlin tale on the plaque.  Five stars means "as good as it gets."  Edinburgh is great and it is much better than this statue of a dog.   A very cute statue of a very cute dog.If you're traveling with kids, read them the story the night before and take them to the statue.  But then go on to The Elephant House (apparently a pilgrimage site for Harry Potter fans) for lunch.  If you don't have children with you, stop for a minute or two, take a few pix, and then cross the street to  the National Museum.  The National Museum is in fact as good as it gets.
5	The Statue is small, but if you remember the story, it's well worth finding and seeing.  I'm giving it 5 stars because it's a childuhood movie memory for me as an enjoyable Disney movie.We get all goo-goo-eyed over other statues that mean less to us, so if it makes me, personally, happy, it gets 5 stars.
5	This is seriously probably my favorite place in Edinburgh. I have to visit every time I head to Scotland. While the story of the devoted dog is amazing, I really go for the rest of the cemetery. The statuary is fantastic, widely diverse with stuff on the plague, the typical Presbyterian practical remembrances. It is really lovely.Then there is the gated section, the gallows as they call it. While the rest of the cemetery feels simply like a decorated park, the gallows corner, feels different, uneasy, anxious, dare I say it.... haunted. I am not normally the type of person who goes in for all that supernatural stuff, but I have to admit, there is something not quite right about that corner. Seriously go, take a picnic, get the chills and enjoy some of the most beautiful views of the city.
4	Loyal little dogWaiting by his master's graveBut was the tale true?
4	One of the landmarks of Edinburgh that makes up the history of this wonderful city, if you're doing the tour then you need to make a stop here and pay tribute to the wonderful devoted dog behind the story.Admittedly, it's just a dog statue but I'll bet you would be hard pressed to name any other famous dogs from history that weren't simply Presidential pets or television stars. Laika, the Russian space dog is the only one that comes to mind. Maybe you can think of others?
4	If you want to get traditional scottish food, this is the place! I got Black pudding and it was delicious, i didnt know what to expert,  but it was a nice surprise!  The prices are a bit high,  but Its worth it!
