5	Soooo much fun!!  A friend and I were visiting Charlotte for leisure and thought that the Charlotte NC Tours segway tour would be a fun way to explore downtown.  Man, my friend and I had so much fun!  Rod was an excellent tour guide.  He was really knowledgeable about the city's history and he had such a fun personality!  Lil' Rod (not to be confused with Rod), instructed us how to operate the segways.  He was also well informed and made us feel confident on the segways within minutes.  We opted for the The Victorian Era - Center City - Historic 4th Ward tour and enjoyed every minute of it.  My friend and I were lucky because the other people that were supposed to come on the tour didn't show up, so it was just my friend, Rod the guide and myself.  Very personalized!  All of the staff that we met were very friendly and left us with a wonderful impression of the city.  Loved it!
5	As experienced Segway riders, we are always looking for something more than the usual "introductory tour". We saw the 2.5-hour "Advanced" tour, and signed up. Due to weather, we ended up changing days at the last minute, and Dianna was very accomodating. As it turns out, we were the only ones on that tour, so we ended up with a "private" one! Tremaine (sorry if I've mispelled it!), our tour guide, was AWESOME!!! After a quick test to see that we really did know how to ride, we took off. He took us all over the place, visiting neighborhoods and areas that we never would have tripped upon ourselves. He obviously has a passion for Charlotte, having grown up there, and it showed. We got our full 2.5 hours (and then some), and think that this is probably the best tour we have taken so far on Segways. If you are an experienced rider, I would definitely recommend taking one of the advanced tours. And, ask for Tremaine!!!
5	Charlotte NC Tours is Fabulous!!! Tremane is the best Charlotte tour guide one could ask for.  I recently had friends in from out of the country, I gave NC Tours a call and basically begged for a 2 hour walking tour on day everyone had off. They came through with flying colors and really helped me out.  My guests LOVED the tour and were very impressed.  This is my 2nd tour with Tremane, my first was in Sept. on a Segway - again, Fabulous!!! Will definately be back when other guests come into town. THANKS NC TOURS!!!!
5	Had a blast today riding a segway & touring uptown Charlotte! Nick was our guide and did a fabulous job. We started off with 20 minutes of training on the segway and off we went. Got to see parts of Charlotte that I hadn't seen before - The Green, Panthers practicing and the ever quaint 4th ward not to mention all the pubs and restaurants that are in and around the uptown area. What a great way to see the city! My only issue initially was not knowing where to park and finding the tour group but that is because I don't know uptown very well. Make sure you give yourself  an extra 20 minutes or so if your unsure. Otherwise, it's a great way to see Charlotte. I highly recommend it!
4	I had been meaning to finally get on a Segway and finally got the chance last week. It was a cold October day, with highs barely in the 50s and a brisk wind. Needless to say, it was pretty lousy Segway weather. Our tour guide took us outside and taught us briefly how to use the Segway. It was quite easy. We did the tour around Fourth Ward and BOA stadium. I learned so much I didn't know about Charlotte even though I've lived here for 6 and a half years now. Highlights included Elmwood Cemetery, historic Fourth Ward, and Bank of America Stadium.It was so cold that it was hard to enjoy the tour, but I learned a lot and felt that it was well worth the Groupon.
5	Charlotte local here but I've been on two Charlotte NC Tours now. As a work teambuiliding exercise we took the uptown Segway tour. It was a blast and even though I've lived here many years I saw and learned a few new Charlotte secrets. We have a variety of ages in our office and everyone had a great time. The manperson and I took the Bike n Brewery tour last night as part of CRVA's Stride and Ride event. We had an absolute blast traveling through Southend on our colorful cruisers and sampling some great Charlotte beer along the way. The only recommendation I'd make is for the tour company to have an agreement with the breweries for at least a small sample of beer instead of having to buy at every stop. We were on a free tour so absolutely no complaints for that but I think if I'd paid full price I'd at least want a drink ticket or two. Thanks guys for a great Saturday night!
5	Even after living in Charlotte for 4 years I learned plenty of new things A) about Charlotte and B) in Charlotte (Uptown specifically). Our city has a greatly rich history and the guys that run Charlotte Tours do a fantastic job in making it fun and interesting. My folks were in town for the weekend and my dad mentioned taking a Segway tour when he was in Chicago with my brother. As we were driving through Uptown on a Sunday, we decided to try and book one for the afternoon in Uptown. Gave these guys a ring and they had space for 4. Perfect! Booked it, showed up on time, and away we went. The whole experience is great. They teach you how to ride a Segway so you can't fail. Then, the tour can take you all sorts of places. The French Quarter, around what is soon-to-be Romare Bearden Park, Fourth Ward Neighborhood and Park, 7th St, and tons of other places. We enjoyed it so much. Namely, Jordan and Luke are the best guides they have. They are young guys with great senses of humor. Ask for them specifically if you ever go. At a rate of $55 for an hour and a half tour on a segway, I'd do it again in a heartbeat. There's also a 2-hour version for $65, I believe. They also host a ton of other tours -- Bike, bus, walking, Ghost tours, etc. It might be touristy, but I can't wait to take another tour with friends or more family!
4	I got to ride on a Segway for 2 hours. I learned a LOT about our fair city. And I've lived here for 5 years! We took the in-laws while they were in town and we all had a fantastic experience.It takes a few minutes to get used to riding the Segway, but once you have it figured out, it's incredibly intuitive. Also, fun fact, it's a personal transport vehicle, in the same category as a wheelchair (or hoveround). So it's allowed inside buildings and anywhere that is wheelchair accessible.You'll get some funny looks from passersby who are intrigued by a group of people wobbling about on Segways, but it's a great way to see a lot of town with minimal effort.The tour guides are entertaining, knowledgable and excellent Segway instructors. They really make the experience worthwhile.So next time you're looking for something fun to do around town and have some cash to spare, consider taking a Segway tour with Charlotte NC Tours. It is REALLY fun, and educational. Just like PBS.
2	My experience isn't the norm here I would have to say.  I went on a segway tour from this company with my co-workers.  Everything was great and fun and we had a beautiful Fall day.No issues EXCEPT when we actually started the tour my segway could not keep up with the group.  Everyone including the tour guide kept giving me tips on what i was doing wrong.  Literally I was a block behind my entire group - even strangers were commenting 'Geez you are a slow poke!'  I thought - geez this is harder than it looks!Well it turns out about 1.5 hours into our 2 hour tour that my segway was broken or on something like a Demo mode.  The tour guide made an adjustment and Voila!  Magically the machine was fixed.  No apology or offer of a refund.  What a bummer.  Probably won't do this again here in Charlotte.  What a waste of money.
3	I shouldn't even rate the business since we didn't even get to go on the tour.  I read through their material on the website very carefully and realized that with the threat of thunderstorms, I shouldn't buy the tickets ahead of time - we only had this one evening when we could go for the 6 pm tour so if it poured and the tour was cancelled, I'd be out the money for tickets.  At 5 pm I called to find out if there were spaces available but got an answering machine.  We battled traffic, found parking, went to the office at 5:45 only to find out they didn't have any reservations for that tour so it wasn't going.  Maybe I missed it but I didn't see anywhere on their webpage that this was a possibility.  It was very awkward, unprofessional, and disappointing.  Traffic was so bad to leave the city again at 6 pm that we just walked around on our own, rather than sit in rush hour traffic to get back to our hotel.  Just a warning to be sure that there is a tour going out and to reserve ahead of time.
3	The tour took us down south blvd to 4 different bars/brewery's/pubs. It was fun. Not extremely informative but a nice day in charlotte. I recommend looking for a groupon.
