4	My brother informed me about this new ice cream place and sent me on a mission to check it out for him. Wish more people would give me an excuse to eat ice cream as a mission!  It was a neat experience to watch them make the ice cream utilizing liquid nitrogen but rather overpriced for what you get. For our 2 mediums and 1 large in waffle bowls it ran $23 w/ tip. Kind of a cool one-time experience. You simply choose your base mix (I selected Custard) then your base flavor and mix-ins. They mix the liquid with a hand paddle with the liquid nitrogen running in from a spigot to freeze it, making it quite creamy. You can then choose any additional toppings. They have various options including a soy base and lactose free for those with special diet needs. The process was fun to watch and didn't take too long, several minutes to make each one but I'd say about the same timeframe as Coldstone takes to do mix-ins with their flavors. This location is in the middle of the Paradise Valley mall, like a stand alone cart, and not an actual store and over by JC Penney. The waffle cones and bowls are wonderfully fresh and crisp and store made. They do have an excellent recipe for their waffle mix. My main concern was the guy mixing the ice cream with the liquid nitrogen streaming by his hand as he quickly mixed up each one. I asked if they had special gloves to protect his skin as the liquid nitrogen will cause very serious chemical burns if it gets on him. He said they tried latex gloves but it froze to their skin. They then tried chemo gloves but was worse than the latex gloves. I'm hoping that they come up with something to protect their employees because without that, they'll be out of business because of employee injuries. Hopefully, the company owner will take this into consideration to protect their employees and their business.
5	Love this place, the guy who served us was awesome and friendly. Love that they have vegan options and their sugar free flavors are made with stevia. We found them on groupon but will definitely return once we've used those up.
3	Went there 2 days ago and they had problems with the nitrogen so no ice cream. Came back and had a pretty positive experience,  the person helping me was extremely knowledgeable.  I chose the Premium Ice Cream with Chocolate Flavor.My 2 mix ins were strawberries and Brownies.Then they started to mix and spin the metal bowl before giving it a shot of nitrogen which created the ice cream.Tasted a lot like Coldstone with a little differently made process a lot more dramatic which was fun to watch and see how the process was done.
