1	Every time I go....HORRIBLE! Stale taco shells, hard uncooked beans..need I go on?Stay clear of this Taco bell.
4	Used to be really, REALLY bad. But has gotten much better. Very friendly service.
1	Absolutely horrible. Don't bother coming here. We came because its and Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut so everyone could get something they liked. We waited 20 minutes just for the tacos and 35 minutes for 3 pan pizzas. The staff was unapologetic and every single one of them gave us attitudes. The assistant manager did apologize to us but she should probably get rid of the whole staff there especially the young black girl who had the absolute worst attitude out of all of them. Don't go here. There's plenty of other places to go around here.
1	Mexican pizza was extremely gross. Made me sick. Tasted like it was old and reheated 10 or 15 times before I got it. Lady at front gave a a dirty look when I asked for something else. Just keep on driving.
1	Mexican pizza tasted like chemicals. The beef in the burritos were awful tasting. Pretty much everything we ordered was terrible. Don't even stop here.
4	I'm shocked by the negative reviews. I have never had an issue with the freshness of my food and the service was always reasonably prompt. In addition, I think this store has some of the best employees I have ever encountered in a fast food place in Phoenix. The employees are always friendly and courteous.
3	Years ago, this was absolutely the worst Taco Bell in the City of Phoenix.  Over the years it really improved.  Recently, they remodeled.  I don't know if it's the new set up, but if you come in here, expect to wait.  The service is fine, nice people who do their job well.  It just takes so long to get your order.  I really think with the remodel, the emphasis was on drive through.  People who order in were an after thought. I make this comment based on more than one visit.  Wish they would have left it alone!  I liked the old building.
5	Always fast and friendly service with accurate orders. Love this place to fix my Mexican food cravings in a quick way!
1	Worst Drive Thru Service Ever!!! Sat for over 10 min such a pain in the ass. Cashiers are rude and still managed to screw up the most basic of orders. I will never come back here
