5	The Best Buffalo Chicken Hoagie Ever! And it's not even Buffalo sauce, well, classic Buffalo sauce anyways. Good Stuff, Milano's rocks!
1	Depends on what you're used to.. but this is HORRIBLE by my standards. I would compare it to the worst Papa John's I've ever had... very similar in taste and consistency. The pizza sounds good on the menu but no.. it's not. It is very, very bad.I ordered delivery and asked for it to be  "Well done" and it came undercooked. I ordered a diet coke the gave me a Pepsi. The delivery was fairly quick.. but then I could see the pizza shop from my hotel.The stench of this pizza is the worst part of it. It smells like a strong mixture of vomit and black olives... disgusting. Last time I was in town (6 months ago) I ordered from the same place, that pizza was just as bad but I thought I'd give them a second chance. Pizza this bad doesn't get a third shot. Absolutely revolting. Please, I beg of you.. do not waste your time, money or caloric intake on this... it's not worth it.In closing I will say this. I would not eat this pizza if it were free. If they were standing on the street corner giving out free samples and I was hungry I would say 'no thank you.' It is THAT bad.
4	Good pizza.  Loved the sweet tomato sauce.
3	We happened upon this place after asking for suggestions from the desk at the Marriott.  I'm sure that this is just b/c it is NOT hockey season, and b/c it was day light, but this neighborhood looks pretty rough.  I'm glad we were in a group.The location seems clean, and it had that 'pizzeria' feel to it, which was a plus.  We asked the clearly bored girl behind the counter what was good and she just handed us a menu with no other response....  After much discussion we shared a big house salad, with cheese, and a medium pepperoni pizza (for four girls).  The Salad was pretty average, only covered with 1/2 a pound of cheese.  The dressing (italian) was very, very, very oily.  The pizza was promptly delivered, and it was piping hot.  The crust tasted like it had some wheat flour in it, a plus, and the sauce was mildly sweet.  Overall, the pizza was great (as you would hope) but the lack of service and greasy dressing cost them.
4	I've been eating their pizza since 1994 when it was called "Corliones"...  Their pies are great and the calzones are HUGE and amazing.  The neighborhood can be a little shady, but if you're at the Consol and are hungry, this is definitely the place to eat.  Now, if you just want a beer, head next door to Shales... Or, head to shales and bring your Milano's pizza... they don't mind a bit!
3	Right around the corned from the Consol Energy Center. 5 chesse pizza, mediteranian salad, de-lish! Delivered to our hotel. Great way to spend a snowed in night in Pittsburgh.
4	GREAT pizza- big slices, lots o' cheese & delish. Delivery was pretty quick & they're open late. Right next to Consol Energy Center too for any touring peeps!
4	this is my favorite pizza in the city, tied with aiello's in squirrel hill.  always had milano's when i worked downtown.  good crust, with a not too sweet sauce.  good ratio of sauce to cheese too. relaxed atmosphere inside, but sometimes overrun with college kids (to be expected though).
2	The pizza here is way undercooked. It seems to be a theme in Pittsburgh in general to not cook the pie long enough for it to crisp up and the cheese to get golden. The sauce was pretty generic and tasted like cheap stuff from a jar. The price was fair at about $2 a slice. The workers at the counter were friendly. However, the pizza itself is just doughy/rubbery and pretty bland.
3	I lived in Washington Plaza for a year so due to proximity this became my go to bar for a mid week buzz. The staff is always competent and friendly, however, during the hour before and after pens games/concerts this place gets packed! The food is mediocre at best. It's your standard freezer to fryer fair and the pizza while at times is good, normally suffers from being over loaded with cheese and under-cooked. If you're looking for a place close to downtown with good beer prices, friendly staff, and plenty of TV's to get your sports fix try Milano's but keep your expectations tapered.
5	College special all day everyday! I mmmmmmmmmmmmmmnmmmmn
5	Great pizza, hoagies, gyros, and buffalo fries. The beer selection is pretty good if you're looking for a place to get some pitchers before a pens game. You won't find the most craft selection here though, but that's not their style. You come here for deliciously thin and greasy pizza and to catch whatever game they have on. I'd recommend the buffalo chicken sub - it comes with buffalo fries on it. And a full size  sub clocks in around 18 inches.
3	I've been here quite a few times and althjough they are great when you go in for a meal, the delivery service is awful. Rarely have I gotten my wings delivered tossed in the sauce that I ordered. The food is still pretty good though when not ordering delivery.
5	two words: pepperoni rolls. i love you milano's
4	Carb-craver's heaven! Pizza, got that. But also breadsticks, garlic knots, garlic bread, house rolls...and we usually start with fries as an appetizer...crispy, golden and hot enough to melt a styrofoam plate.  Breadsticks with garlic and parmesan.  Mmmm. And calzones, wedges--sandwich with pizza crust as bread, gyros and hoagies.  Carb-coma waiting for college students and Penguins fans!  Our go-to spot when gluten-free is not a consideration! Downside...smokers at the bar and smell wafting to ruin the smell of fresh hot pizza!But they do have a full bar.
3	One person said that they have been going to this place since they were Corleons. (spelling???).  I have been going here since they have been PVs.  I fully understand that delivery can be a tough job.  This places seems to be way off with their delivery times.  Many many many times they say 30 minutes and we have wait about an hour.  There have been times when our lunch was over and we have to eat our lunch on our breaks or at our desk.    The people there are more or less straightforward. The pizza is very good.  I will give it an eight.
3	The process here was super confusing. They sat us, and then no one came to take our order... So, you have to go up to order. Separately for the kitchen and the bar.... Really weird. Food was decent, beer was bottled... meh
4	My boyfriend and I were starving after the Burn It Down concert at PNC Park last weekend.  We had a room at the Cambria Suites and noticed a "Pizza" restaurant right out our hotel room window.  We looked up the number and ordered a large pizza with garlic knots.They delivered within 30 minutes directly to our hotel room door.  The food was warm and delicious.  Really hit the spot!! Doesn't look like much on the outside but in the end it's the food that counts and this is good pizza!!!
5	We looked out our hotel room window to see this pizza shop staring at us. We called down and found out they will delivery directly to our room, bonus!!!!!  We ordered a medium ultimate meat pizza and it was huge and yummy. We also got the garlic knots, OMG!!!!  They were so good we had to order them a second and third night.
4	Great pizza and many topping selections. A little greasy for my liking but the delicious soft, chewy crust made up for it.
5	Consistently good food, solid service, the girls behind the bar get a little task oriented at times and you have to get their attention. Brandon behind the bar is very good.   Try the fresh wings hot and the Chicken Parm sandwich.  Good selection of beer as well.
5	Really delicious food! We came to Pittsburgh for Business & didn't know where to go...we walked down the street & foumd Pizza Milano :) we ate Chicken & Boccoli pasta, Broccoli Cheddar soup, Loaded Potato soup & Chicken Carbonara Pasta...everything was freshly made & the taste was amazing! You get your moneys worth! Definately recommend it!
4	Needed a late night snack after driving all day and this place was across from our hotel.  Pizza was great, crust was cooked just the way I like it, crispy on the edges and lots of cheese and toppings.   Staff was friendly.
