4	their salads are INSANE-- the biggest i've ever seen. my caesar salad was basically a whole head of romaine lettuce cut in half, with such delicious roasted tomatoes and--hello-- fried capers! so good.also the waitress we had was the snappiest, least shit-taking person i have ever met; she initially said it was impossible to make a PIZZA vegetarian. needless to say, i loved her.
2	Great food, not great service, awful hostess. You know what they say about first impressions. It's hard for me even to compliment the food b/c the hostess left such a bad impression. On Friday evening, she didn't know when the happy hour would end (turns out is 6:30, despite their website saying 7) and didn't know and wasn't willing to check what the happy hour was featuring (which for the beer was Corona, which makes no sense in Pittsburgh). The attitude of the waitress wasn't great, but not really her fault, there wasn't enough wait staff. She was constantly running around and we still we got our bread 10 minutes after she said it was on the way. It was a shame that these things so poor as the food - bread, beet salad, orzo salad, lamb burger and macaroni - were all great.
3	Cornerstone is very bipolar in terms of food quality. We have had great, meticulously-prepared seafood (halibut, crab cakes, scallops) and salads (try the cornerstone cobb, with small carefully cut pieces of lush green vegetable goodness) here. We have also had a disturbing mediterranean platter (baba ghanooj was just like water), very mediocre fish, and a carelessly prepared salad (again, the cornerstone cobb, with humongous pieces of unevenly cut, questionably green lettuce, with sprinkles of bacon that are not supposed to be there) over the course of several visits. Literally last weekend we had a great seafood dinner where everything on the table was almost perfect, and this weekend the same halibut and the same salad were subpar. And, this was not the first time Cornerstone turned bipolar on us. Suspiciously, when we really enjoyed the food, it was a Friday or Saturday night. And, our bad experiences seemed to fall on Sundays or weekdays.  Maybe the chef is bipolar. Or maybe the competent, caring chef works on Fri/Sat, and the hatchet-job chef takes over for the rest of the week. Regardless, if our experience is telling, I would recommend paying a visit Friday or Saturday evenings and staying away otherwise. The wines are not bipolar at Cornerstone. They have always been good. So has the bread. The place is very cute. On the corner just across the railroad tracks, you would perhaps not expect such cuteness. The outdoor seating is very nice during the summer. The indoor atmosphere is friendly and elegant. Service staff have usually been very friendly, sometimes slow, but friendly. With so many pluses, one wonders why the inconsistency in food quality. If they fix this critical issue, this will be a great gem in Aspinwall, possibly surpassing Luma. Cornerstone has made us bipolar, too. We will definitely avoid its food Sun-Thu, but we will definitely be back Fri-Sat evenings.
5	As a local, this is one of my go-to spots.  The food is always great, the service is always on point, and the wine list is extensive for a suburban location.
1	We stopped here mid-afternoon yesterday, and sat down in front of the worst bartender/server ever in the history of yuppie restaurant service. I mean, this sort of place, with the generic, one-half-step-above Olive Garden furnishings, is where you'd expect to find obsequious servers with cheap smiles to match the character of the interior design. Cornerstone no doubt employs such good souls, however one bad soul has ruined any good thing I could say about this place. Our unfriendly bartender was gruff beyond what one could expect at the nastiest of dive bars. Other than one Michelob Ultra drinking regular, we were his only customers. He ignored us for what he thought was long enough for us to make a decision, at which point he came over and asked "you know what you want?" But damn, he underestimated the power of this girl's indecision, what a bother. I told him that I was undecided between two different weiss beers they had on draft. He promptly turned around and walked away. During his absence, I decided to just not get a beer, in fact, to spend as little money as possible because this guy had the air of being the owner (who else could get away with being such an asshole), whom I did not want to support. So eventually my partner got his beer (which he could have ordered much earlier if this guy had a molecule of patience) and we ordered one entree, a mushroom sandwich, to share with a salad and also a side order of sweet potato fries. Except for some rotten salad greens, the food was good. This could probably be a three star review if it wasn't for the hostile environment that we experienced. To top it all off, as soon as we got up to leave, he came over to the book to check his tip (guess what, it wasn't very good!) and sarcastically yelled after us, "thanks A LOT" followed by some indiscernible muttering. My genuine tip: fucking retire; play golf or travel the country in an RV or something, just spare the public your unpleasantness.
3	This is a generous review. We can walk there so we did. Enjoy the atmosphere and that they have Big Hop on draft is a plus. The pierogies were good but the caramelized onions tasted a bit fishy. We sat at the bar and the bartender was less than nice. She seemed to be a bit put out and the service was slow. A woman came by who was very nice and apologized for the slow service, which was nice, but it wouldn't have taken too much effort for the bartender to have been as nice... but she wasn't. Give Cornerstone a shot and enjoy the Big Hop even if your service is less than what it should be.
4	A recent Brunch on the patio at Cornerstone was lovely. Weather permitting, I recommend you try the same. This was the occasion when I discovered the miracle that is "Monkey bread," - banana bread turned into the most delicious french toast in the universe.  Our group ordered and shared the Bagpipe Hash and Greek Omelet as well, but Monkey Bread was the clear favorite. We were also very impressed by a flatbread appetizer special of the day. The flatbread was topped with goat cheese, smoked salmon, roasted cherry tomatoes and arugula. Our service was friendly and prompt and the bill was reasonable given the high quality of the food. The next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I'm definitely planning to make a return visit.
4	Three of us had dinner Sunday evening.  Salads (especially the Caesar), salmon, meatloaf, and pumpkin fettuccine entrees were all super good.  We all had dessert as well, also good.  We will definitely return.
2	These folks are nice but the food is pretty bad. I had the meatloaf which didn't resemble any meatloaf I've ever had. It tasted (and had the texture) of soggy toast. My Bloody Mary was horrible and even the vinaigrette dressing was bad. And its overpriced to boot.
4	How cute is this place!  A friend had her bridal shower here in the little back room, and it was so perfect for what she needed.  Small space, but enough elbow room, and great food!  We had a little brunch buffet with some mimosas (hell yeah!), and it was super tasty.  Not your typical limp buffet bacon, it was thick, cooked perfectly, and delicious.  Fluffy pancakes that were literally the same size as the inside part of the dinner plate, and plentiful whipped cream.  Just enough food to hold you over.  The staff was very nice, and everything was picture perfect.I wish I could have parked closer though!  The parking is atrocious (as it is everywhere in the 'burgh), but I did enjoy a nice stroll through Aspinwall (it's like Pleasantville... who knew?!).Also, maybe the staff should have erased the "Thirsty Thursday" advertisement from the chalkboard in the party room.  I wasn't offended (thought it was hilarious, actually), but I can see how someone's grandmother could be.Aside from those things, beautiful party in a beautiful location!
2	My third, and final, visit to the Cornerstone.  Let me say this - the food is fine.  In fact really good.  But every occasion to eat there has been marred by poor to horrible service.  I can't decide if the staff is always overwhelmed due to short staffing, or just simply inefficient.   During brunch, a fairly busy time around noon on a Sunday, we saw our waitress once before ordering, and then not again until our food was delivered.  I had to flag down other members of the wait staff to get refills on our coffees and drinks.  Each time a refill was provided, the waitress took only one glass or mug away and brought back to the table then took the next.  If the waitress wasn't such a rarely spotted experience, this would have been OK, however this just caused more waiting for us.  Sadly, good food cannot save a restaurant that can't provide the service to support such great efforts in the kitchen.
2	Food was good, mixed drink weak, service indifferent- such an easy thing to fix with some more training - I hope it changes.
4	Good food.  Fun.  Relaxing.  Outdoor dining not good, as you are right on the street.
3	I have been to Cornerstone several times, twice for dinner and a few others for drinks and snacks.  A friend lives walking distance down the road and it is a great option if you are in Aspinwall and want tasty food and outdoor seating.  Last time we visited they even had blankets at every table since it had gotten a bit chilly in the evening.The food is good- nothing out of the ordinary but good ingredients and prepared well.  My first dinner there I had the lamb burger and sweet potato fries-- you could put goat cheese on almost anything and I would be a happy camper.  Second time I opted for the soup of the day- a delicious smoked corn soup- and the duck taco appetizer as my entree along with bread pudding for dessert (I typically avoid dessert but it was a little bit chilly outside and this really hit the spot!).While the food is good, it is overpriced.  $13 for a relatively small burger and fries... $20 for my soup/tacos/bread pudding (and those "tacos" were super small) plus another $5-6 added on to each for a beer.  I'm all of 5'1" and don't require huge meals, so for these prices I should be able to fill on up!The atmosphere at Cornerstone is great and I am sure I will continue to stop in with my friend from time to time, but there are definitely better places to get more bang for your buck!
3	Ate here for lunch on Saturday. Ordered the veggie burger. Made with quinoa. Service was slow. The blue cheese coleslaw wasn't very good, and the lettuce for my burger was wilted. My husband liked his Cornerstone burger, although the cheese wasn't melted. Underwhelming.
3	Impressed with the food. Good portions and affordable prices. I was especially please with the awesome drink selection. The waitstaff is very nice, but not nearly attentive enough. I really think there's just not enough staff for the place. If you're looking for good service, go elsewhere. It's a shame because i LOVED the food!
3	I stopped by here this past Sunday morning for brunch with my girlfriend and her parents.  We arrived shortly after 11 and were asked if we had a reservation.  Even though we did not, we were seated almost immediately.  The inside of the place is decent enough with a bar on one side of the restaurant mostly separated from the other side by a divider of sorts.  You could see through parts of it which worked out well for me as I could see the TV while we were eating.For my brunch entree I was between the breakfast burrito and the potato benny.  My decision was made easy after my girlfriend decided that she was going with the potato benny and so I had the breakfast burrito.  It came with eggs, pulled pork, jack cheese, and jalepenos inside a tortilla with a side of home fries and a small cup of pomegranate salsa.  My breakfast burrito was very full and also very filling.  I appreciated the cheese and jalepeno inside of it and thought it tasted pretty good.  My potatoes were also very good as they were a little crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and properly seasoned.  The only odd thing that I found was the pomegranate salsa.  I guess I just was not a fan of the acidity of the tomatoes with the sweetness of the pomegranate seeds although it was intriguing.  My girlfriends dish was also solid and I liked their play on eggs benedict with the substitution of potato pancakes for the english muffins.The bottom line for me is that I may come back here again in the future.  While nothing here was really good, everything was really solid and fairly priced so I can imagine giving it another chance.
5	Wow!  Awesome place and owner and manager  treated us out of towners like  royal  guests.  Cute place   sat outside for dinner and had a great meal. Prices are  very competitive  as well.
4	Stopped in for a SUnday brunch whilst visiting in Pitt and were treated to a tasty meal.  I opted for the sweet with Cinnamon Sugar french toast that was supposed to be a cinn-bun spin but didn't quite deliver.  They oversold the "icing" which didn't really exist and played it off with "it's on the outside" referring to the crust.  No, that is not icing, that's a glaze.  Still, it was tasty and the bacon was really nice. The husband got the potato benny with poached egg,  hollandaise, and salmon (our friend got the corned beef on his) and it was delicious.  I would TOTALLY order that again.  In fact, i might make that for breakfast tomorrow....  =)  All meals came with a fruit salad that was an odd mix of fruits with a flavor that did not blend and i, and avid fruit and veggie lover, did not care for the flavor.This could have been a 5-er...  So close, yet so far.  The big knock down came when i read on the menu "maple syrup" and what they had was not in fact REAL maple syrup but flavored corn syrup.  Sorry, i'm a real maple syrup girl and if you don't know the difference...  It's just weird, but i'm an upstate NY gal.  That aside, it was a delightful meal for a decent price.
3	Good food but not worth the price, especially with the below rate service we experienced. We've been advised to give them a second try by close friends, we'll see !
2	I try not to judge a place by one underwhelming meal, but...I had the baby-back ribs, and come on, y'all, I'm originally from Tennessee and didn't even know you could mess those up. The ribs I had were dry, under-barbecued, and generally hard to get down, even for a hungry lady. The sliced zucchini on the side was so salty they were totally inedible. The corn-on-the-cob was, well, corn-on-the-cob. Prices weren't cheap either. It's unlikely I'll be coming back.
2	I don't think I've ever been to a place with worse service based on lack of coordination, and maybe lack of communication with cooks.  The servers were friendly and they tried, but it would be like asking a child with mental retardation to work for NASA.  They forgot my grilled onions for my potatos.  Steak and eggs both overcooked.   No refill of coffee or water during meal.   No salt and pepper brought out for meal.  No hot sauce or steak sauce either.  No butter for toast.  Oh yeah, they actually forgot the steak with the steak and eggs.  I had to request for that again.  Only plus side, they had ample outdoor seating and open tables, they weren't too busy for a beautiful Sunday at noon, which is all the more baffling that they couldn't figure out a simple breakfast.
3	We've been here a few times now, and the food is generally very good (lamb burger is really tasty) but the service is another story. When we showed up today for a late Sunday brunch the place was nearly empty and three ladies at the hostess table but none seemed to want to be bothered with seating us. After we were seated we were given two sets of silverware... For three people. When the food finally came out, one breakfast entree was completely missing the fruit topping. We had to ask another waitress to correct it because ours kept vanishing for long stretches. Getting our dishes cleared and the check was another chore. We've been there when it's very busy on Sunday mornings, and it's understandable when things get missed because its so hectic, but when you've got one, maybe two tables to deal with there's no excuse for not being on the ball. I hate dinging places solely on service when the food is really good, but based on the other reviews this seems to be the norm here rather than the exception.
1	Do not go on Sundays. We got Amy as a waitress. She was rude since we ordered our drinks. After we finished our dinner she never picked up the empty plates. Our table was a mess full of empty glasses and plates. Don't think we will go back.
5	The brunch was excellent. We loved the selection and the portions were large. Everything we tried was delicious!
1	NOT ACCOMMODATING, BAD SERVICE.I was here recently for a family meal. Reservations were made. I have celiac disease so I hesitate to go out to eat since I need to eat gluten free, but it was a family function and it says on their menu to tell them if you have a food allergy and they will accommodate. So I emailed them a couple weeks in advance and explained my situation. They assured me that they could make me a gluten-free meal. Had they been honest and said "no, we can't accommodate" I would have accepted that, ate ahead of time, and attended for the company and atmosphere. But they said they could do it, so when I showed up and explained to the server that I had emailed ahead of time and asked what I could have, she looked at me like I had 3 heads. She  said something about how bacon is probably gluten-free, walked away and then ignored me the rest of the time. I starved while everyone ate and had to have other people order drinks for me since she refused to acknowledge my presence. I certainly do not expect people to accommodate me, but I don't appreciate being lied to and ignored. As a former server myself, I was shocked she didn't get a manager to talk to me (especially since I had contacted them ahead of time and told her that) or at least get me something to drink.According to the other people I was with, the food wasn't that great anyways and the beverages didn't taste good. (All I could do was look at it but judging by looks it wasn't anything special. Looked like something you could get at Eat'n Park or Denny's).
1	On a recommendation from a friend, I came here to lunch today. I was seated quickly, the host gave me a menu; it looked interesting, nouveau American, emphasis on goat cheese, feta, blue cheese dressing, slightly above the bar kind of lunch fare. Unfortunately the lone waitress couldn't be bothered for over fifteen minutes to take my order or even acknowledge me beyond silently giving me a glass of water. The host asked whether I had been waited on -- I shook my head no; he went into the kitchen and said something to her. She came out of the back and cleared some plates from a table, still refusing to acknowledge me (and I'm a normal, pleasant looking guy in my fifties.). So I got up and left.
5	Went to this restaurant for brunch last Sunday and was a bit apprehensive because the reviews seemed to be all over the place.  I have to admit my experience was excellent.  Prompt, polite, and friendly service.  I had the Brisket Hash and it was wonderful.  I also had 2 Bloody Mary's they were better than average.  3 others at our table ordered various items and were very pleased.  I think I need to work on my review writing skills!
3	Went here for lunch and this is what's up.  Cute place, arrived about 1:15pm on a Monday, so you guessed it not busy.  Ate in the bar section.  I saw one table in the dining room section and about 3 women at the bar having drinks.  I looked over the menu which seemed unique, the bartender/ waitress was not unique.  Not extremely friendly but not outright rude or anything just not what I would expect.  We asked is there any specials, to another lady who seemed to be the Manager maybe an owner since she was conducting interviews in the middle of the bar.  Weird...  Anyhow she said we don't do specials just different soups of the day.  Ok I say, what kind you got?  Chicken Chili and Chicken Tortilla.  YUM I thought... So on the menu they had pick half a melt or Ruben and get soup for like $9.00.  I was trying to decide on which melt and thought the Duck Melt sounded good, so when our bartender waitress came around I proceeded to order that.   I said I will have a bowl of Chicken Tortilla soup and the duck melt, she says chicken chili, I said no the other one.  She again says chicken chili I said no we were told you have chicken tortilla.  She proceeds to say that is not ready it would be like eating mashed potatoes.  Well that deflated my excitement and I briskly changed to a burger, that was supposed to come with gouda, bacon, and mushrooms.  I was a little upset at the time it took to come out we were there almost an hour and the place had less than 10 customers and most of them were just drinking at the bar.  She brought our food and we began to eat so here is the conclusion.I am going to rate it a 3, and here is why.  My burger Cornerstone Burger was supposed to have mushrooms, and it didn't (I should have said something but she wasn't around and it was taking too long anyway).  The waitress/bartender was not good, she should have written things down (this is due to after taking our order she came back out like 8 minutes later, and asked my friend about the duck he wanted to order.  He ordered a chicken sandwich.  She said to him you said something about the duck (argumentative), I said, No that was me remember then you told me no soup so I changed my order?  She nods and walks away...ugh) Also I thought for the amount of people in there they were slow in the service department.  I know it is better that she told me the soup was not ready than to serve me something bad but the other lady who appeared to be the manager shouldn't have told me they had that soup.  And the gouda cheese had that inedible rind left on it so I had to take it off myself.  I did really like the food though. The side salad I got with my burger was super tasty.  It was spring mix with pickled red onions, cranberries, and like a candied walnut with Balsamic dressing.  Very good. The burger was also tasty, nice bun, nice job cooking it, just was annoyed by the lack of shrooms and the cheese that I had to pull off and take the hard as rock rind of off and put back on the burger.  I would go back but I don't see it as being a place that you can be at unless you have a lot of time.  And I know if I were drinking I would have been pissed because I am certain I would have sat a long time for a refill as my friend did. Life is too short to be stiffed on mushrooms...
3	I stopped in here for lunch this week. This was not my first visit to this restaurant. I want to be fair and say most of my stops here have been better.  I went with the Grilled Chicken sandwich, vinegar slaw, and a pickle. I also had a Palm draft with my lunch. The meal itself was very good. The food was hot, bread was fresh and overall it passed the grade. Let me lay it out. We sat at the bar, the bartender/server seemed scatter brained...made several errors. She actually came back and asked if I ordered a completely different lunch! She didn't write anything down. My lunch mate dealt with even more issues because she wasn't paying attention. Add to the fact she committed a major no-no in my book. She cost the establishment money because I wanted a second beer and she was too out if it to ask me or push it. Do I look like a person who doesn't need another beer? Anyway, I like this place. This was one of several times I have been here and the menu is fun and you will enjoy it.
4	Went to the Cornerstone for brunch recently and was delighted. My meal portion was plentiful and delicious. My mimosa was perfectly made and the service was friendly and quick. My coffee mug was never empty. I will definitely return for brunch and probably try dinner at some point, as well.
4	Tried this Aspinwall spot after a recommendation  from friends.  Searched Yelp reviews that were mostly mixed.  What we got was a restaurant with a comfortable atmosphere and a friendly and efficient wait staff. The menu wasn't overly ambitious but had something to suit everyone's taste.  My wife and I had dinner salads which were quite good and had decent portions. The other two diners with us had sandwiches which they liked.  We plan on returning in the near future.  We like to eat in the bar and  the Cornerstones looked warm and inviting.
4	Had a fantastic brunch here, great eggs Benedict and an Irish coffee! Walked right in when they opened and though it filled up over the next hour, plus a party, it was never too busy and the service was very good. I would definitely recommend to others and go back!
3	Fins up on Wednesday nights in the summer for Lobster Night!  Ok, it's not a Jimmy Buffet restaurant, but the Fins Up! reference is to let you know that a good nautical meal can be consumed at Cornerstone.  Located in Aspinwall, right off of the main drag of Freeport Road, Cornerstone Restaurant is not a place I would have typically went to on my own. However, a neighbor sent an email alerting me to LOBSTER NIGHT and off we went!Reservations are strongly recommended for the Wednesday Lobster Night.  We were seated within a few minutes (because we had reservations) and sat at a table already equipped with lobster bibs and shell crackers.  The excitement was mounting since the stage was set, but the table next to us, who were sat a few minutes after us, were approached and served first.  It took about ten minutes until we could even order a drink.  The decor is so-so, no real theme prevails and with the high tin ceilings the acoustics are not great and holding a conversation with those seated across the table called for talking louder than I usually prefer in a restaurant.  When the lobster finally arrived (it took about 45 minutes) I was pleased.  This was a nice sized well-cooked underwater beauty.  Served with a side of yummy fries and cole slaw I was happily sated.My review would be higher had the service been quicker (ten minutes to return with our checks) and the ambiance a little better.  Will I come back?  Possibly, but only for LOBSTER NIGHT!
5	Had brunch here on a Sunday and thought the place was terrific.I had their pancakes, while the table also ordered the Cornerstone Hash and the Duck Quesadillas. Everyone thought their food was delicious!Service was great, and the restaurant is a feast for the eyes in terms of decorations. The outdoor patio is a feast for the senses too.Come check our this place!
2	My sister and I came here for lunch on a Tuesday. She had the salmon, and I had the Cornerstone Cobb. Her salmon was the tiniest piece of fish I had ever seen, plus was not very tasty. My salad, while good, was nothing special or extraordinary. I agree with the other reviews that address the service as below par. In addition to our table, our server had one other table with 3 career professionals. She neglected our table, only visiting us twice: to take our order and take our money. Overall would not recommend.
4	I've been to Cornerstone a handful of times for both brunch and lunch, and I've generally had good experiences. I see many others have had problems with slow service -- maybe I've just gotten lucky, but even during crowded times, the wait staff taking care of us have always been pleasant and attentive. They are a touch on the pricey side, but I think their food is generally high quality. For brunch, I'm a big fan of the cinnamon pancakes with red potatoes on the side. Their pancakes are moist, tender, and generously swirled with delicious cinnamon and sugar flavor. The red potatoes are well-cooked, flavorful, and not too greasy, so they don't sit in your stomach like a gut bomb as soon as you eat them. For lunch, I'm partial to their veggie burger with sweet potato fries. They immediately get brownie points for offering sweet potato fries as an option instead of regular fries, and they're tasty to boot. The veggie burger is delicious, and you can actually see pieces of bean, quinoa, corn and veggies scattered throughout the burger. I appreciate a good homemade veggie patty instead of some artificial, processed Morningstar nonsense.As a bonus, the steam that comes out of the vent from the side of this building smells insanely good. Like, when I'm walking my dog around the neighborhood and we pass by here, we both (my dog and I) stop and just take in the delicious aroma. I don't know what it is, but it just smells like every tantalizing savory food smell combined into one. I probably look like a lunatic, but I don't care, because free smells = awesome.
3	Have eaten several times there. Spotty service. Tight seating. Kids menu Macaroni and Cheese was a ripoff. My 3-year old daughter finished a serving and we asked for more but had to pay for another meal.  Ridiculous. $6 for each kids meal. Have had some decent meals there. The salmon dish is pretty reliable and tasty. Have had a few different variations but they are all pretty close. Good location for them with few competitors. Nice, laid back spot for a cocktail at the bar.
2	We visited there for lunch today. Didn't seem very busy so we didn't expect to have any issues getting our good in a timely manner. We reviewed the menus before we got there so that we would be ready to order right away. A waitress immediately took our drink order so we were optimistic that things would progress quickly...but they didn't. We all ordered from the menu - no changes, special requests, etc. and it still took over 30 minutes to get our food!! The waitress only came to our table once during that 30 minute period and only because I called her over to ask how much longer it was going to take. As soon as our good arrived, we asked for our checks because we were going to be late getting back to work. Two of the four checks were wrong! We showed her in the menu that our food included the side that we ordered - she said she would have to look into it and left. She never came back to out table!! We left our payment on the table because we couldn't wait any longer. While the food was good, not great, we won't be going back there for lunch! Seems like most of the negative reviews mention poor service - hope the owner does something to address this...
4	When looking for a place to treat a friend for brunch, I remembered Cornerstone.  I've had it bookmarked for awhile but kept putting it off.  I would drool over the brunch menu but then would be turned off by some of the negative reviews regarding service.  But finally, one beautiful Sunday afternoon, I took a seat at one of their outdoor tables to enjoy a great meal on a great day.Service was good until we tried to pay our bill and getting change for our cash seemed to be a challenge for the wait staff.  But refills were never a problem with our drinks and food was presented in a timely manner.That being said, I will most definitely recommend Cornerstone for the brunch menu.  My friend enjoyed the Porky Pig and I devoured the Potato Benny, both versions of eggs benedict.  I wouldn't hesitate to return for a lazy Sunday brunch during warmer weather when I can enjoy the outside seating.
5	From beginning to end, an amazing meal. There were 6 of us and the wait strafe were more than accommodating and friendly. The scariest moment came when we went to order desert, only because there were so many amazing looking options. Luckily, the 8 year old girl at the table behind us was kind enough to recommend the sundae. That kid has a bright future. Small bar, appropriate for families or adult with amazing food and a solid collection of wine, beer and cocktails.
