3	Your typical Irish pub. I told ya, Montreal is filled with these places!Came in on Sunday afternoon to quench our thirst after a few hours of shopping. The bar tender was friendly, and our drinks never ran dry. If you're looking for a good brew and a chill place to have it, you won't be dissappointed. That's really all I can say!
4	The Shaved Rib-Eye sandwich is a thumbs up. Good atmosphere if you don't mind drinking with a bunch of Habs fans.
5	I love this place! Straight to the point---Friendly staff. Great Service & Music.Live Bands Thursday - Sunday.Cool Atmosphere.Yummy Food. (Pulled-pork Sandwhich, Guiness Wings, Hamburgers.. )Wide Variety of Alcohol/Beer.Good Price.:)Enjoy!
3	Stopped by for dinner one night and lunch one day. Standard bar food but they have a large outdoor deck. Decent prices. I stuck to a burger both times but no one I was with complained about their wings, sandwiches or anything else. Good service.  Just nothing to write home about...just yelp.
4	Been here for parties.They encourage fun having.Look at all those beers!
5	The secret to this pub is the food. Sure, it's a typical packed Crescent street bar on weeknights - making dinnertime ambiance a bit of a challenge, but go for lunch - even a late one - and take a look at the little sheet tucked into the menu. Order something other than a burger and you may be quite delightfully surprised at the quality of what you get.For example: On my last visit that little sheet had Fried Chicken and Waffles! I have never seen it anywhere other than Los Angeles and the South, so to see it here in a Montreal pub intrigued me. I ordered and it was right on. Delicious fried chicken with buttermilk waffles and a stunning, home made cayenne maple syrup packed with layers of complexity that makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Now, chicken and waffles may not be your thing but on this occasion something happened that sold me on the place:I was seated at the bar and a "new" bartender showed up. He sort of washed a dish and looked a little lost - but kept trying to gauge me. I struck up a conversation with him (to his relief I think) and he asked what I thought of the dish. I told him how much I liked it and that I had other things there in the past - impressed that the menu varied with neat new local items to try and that they were always tasty!"Who is the chef?" I said."uh, me.." I shook his hand and told him how much I loved coming there. But man, an honest to goodness real chef that cares enough to stealth out a reaction to new dish - that impressed the hell out of me. This guy cares and I hope he keeps doing what he's doing!
3	There is nothing really special about this place. It's an Irish pub that has French speaking channels in their TV lol.  The beer selection is decent but the food is nothing to rave about. I would recommend this place for watching the Canadians games on TVs. I would not come back here if I had a choice.
5	A great Irish pub located in the heart of the downtown core, Irish Embassy does a great job at getting away from your typical pub food. Here on the menu you can find specials like: fried chicken and waffles, beer can chicken, fish and chips, and corned beef sandwich.Try the corned beef sandwich!They have a vast selection of beers on tap, pour an okay pint of Guiness and are a great place to catch a Canadiens game, or just grab some drinks and dinner before the game. On Canadiens game nights, you will find the Team 990 crew doing a live pre and post game feed. And as hard as it may believe because of the size and amount of seats - it does does get filled up fairly quickly on game nights.
4	Hit or miss. The Fish n' chips are consistently good, generally go there for my cheap quick craving filler. Typical pub food. The fries are tasty, pretty sure it's because they fry them in the same oil as the fish, although I did have a few bad batches, but good overall. As I said, hit or miss, your recollection will depend on how many pints you have and how many shots are offered to you. I will go back.
5	My favorite bar in Montreal. Very good atmosphere. Great place to go with a group of friends.
4	I thoroughly enjoy Irish Embassy, the ambiance is great and the whiskey choice is excellent. The food is good pub fare and the service is good too!I have been here with large 25+ people groups and with a couple friends and we are never disappointed...great live music and great fun until the wee hours of the morning!
3	It was friday night and a group of us were visiting Montreal.  Didn't really want to do any hardcore partying downtown so decided to seek beer and something low key.Irish Embassy is your normal pub-like establishment that just puts you in the mood to drink beer and pick on some wings.  Nothing special about the the food or beer selection here.  Busy, seat yourself type atmosphere thats a little noisy, but that's to be expected on a friday night.Bottom line:  Comfortable, dim, noisy and fun.  We left buzzed and happy.
3	This is a sad story. I have a sweet spot for this pub, not least because a good friend used to work here before moving away. The other day I passed by right before the kitchen closed with some friends. I got myself a sizzling pile of fat, plump spicy chicken wings. I mowed through about half the pile with delight, and got the rest boxed up to go. While waiting outside after, I was startled and disturbed by the the sight of two fat, plump rats scurrying down the road and diving through a crack below the bar. The (evil) person I was with made the inevitable comparison between the rat rumps and the delectable chicken legs I'd just been feasting on. And the leftovers have been sitting sadly in my fridge even since. Inedible through no fault of their own. I never see rats in Montreal but I know they are there. They are in every city. I don't even mind them in certain contexts - I took a road trip with a rat this one time... but that's another story. I don't blame Irish Embassy - I blame the evil friend - I'm sure the Embassy's kitchen is highly hygienic. And yet. Gulp. Cringe. Shudder. Ahk. The damage is done. My over-active imagination needs time to heal, and the once-loved leftovers are doomed for the bin. I told you this was a sad story.
4	Happy hour! Happy hour! Happy hour! Or shall I say Happy DAY since it runs from 11:30am-7pm?! You read right, my fellow drunks.My new favourite downtown pub for great beers, great service, average bar food, and a fun band (that, in my experiences, plays old school favourites by The Smashing Pumpkins and other 90s awesomeness). Always a good time!I'm a huge fan of their White Velvet and Snake Bite (White or Blonde beer with Cider). In the Summer and Fall (if it's not too cold or rainy) I like to sit outside, otherwise, the inside is really cozy, warm and dim, both of which make for a great ambiance.
3	I'm really not sure what to think of this place. I find just about everything ok. It's not my favorite downtown Irish pub, but I still find myself there from time to time. The food is fine, it's just better elsewhere. Ideally I would have given them 3 and a half stars, but sadly... However... if you're planning on going there with a large group and having about 4 stones of ale then I'm sure you'll love it. PS: They have a great terrace in the front which should buy them another star in my review, but it's February, so it won't;)
4	What I like most about Irish Embassy is the patio out back.  It's a great place to grab drinks on a summer evening.  Foodwise it's fairly good depending on what you get.  I really like their fries which are seasoned well with salt and pepper.  They also have good burgers however I find the pulled pork a little dry.  The Irish lamb stew is also worth trying.When it comes to alcohol they have a good selection of beers on tap and happy hour specials which is always a plus.   For tequila shots they use a tequila that isn't too harsh at all.
1	I've experienced waayyyyyyy better as a pub downtown. I remember when it opened: it was one of the few spots downtown I liked to go, grab a pint of beer and order some nice pub food on your nice terrasse. Now, not so much. Let me tell you why in four words: worst customer service ever! My last two times were awful: we waited too long for our food on lunchtime during a week day last summer; and on another night after a screening at Fantasia, then again a too-long service. And the waiters were rude, you could feel they were rushed to serve too many people at the same time!I could have excused it if it happened only one time, but two in the same month? Nope. I'm a sucker for good service and cool servers/waiters. And I heard friends of mine had the same type of experience at your pub. So I'm sorry, but you won't see me again in your pub for a damn long time, and I will never recommend your place to my friends when they'll be asking for a pub downtown.
4	Didn't try their Deep Fried Mars bar this round. Rest assured, the Mars bar days are numbered!
4	Nice irish pub. But the most noticeable trait is how good the food is! If you're going to the pub at supper time, Irish embassy is definitely the best option around.
4	Some of my coworkers recommended this place. So after a long grueling day at work I decided to stop by for some adult refreshments. After having three or four or six beers for appetizers I decided to order food from the menu. I had the cheesesteak and it was really good. It was so good I was truly shocked.  Waitresses were extremely nice especially if you're foreign (maybe it was my good looks, not ).  Atmospheres amazing, beer is awesome, food is exceptional especially for being barfood. Visit here and you won't be disappointed even if you are not trying to seek asylum like I was.
4	I was dragged here to watch some stupid sports game. Already you can tell I don't care for sports, right? Anyways, it was actually a nice time. Because it was the Canadiens vs. Bruins it was packed, just like every other pub in the city.  It was also surprisingly much quieter than any Boston pub/sports bar i've been to during any game night. Luckily we found a table quickly outside in their "beer garden" which is what it reminded me of. The weather was perfect that night so it was very nice to sit out in the open air. We ordered wings and drinks which all came out pretty quickly. The wings were downright amazeballs. We had the guinness bbq which were OK, but the honey garlic and spicy asian wings were soooo gooooood. I think we finished each pound in about 2 minutes. Our waitress was very attentive, bringing water without being asked etc. I love that.
4	I invariably end up here whenever I'm in Montreal, and it's alright. Very similar to several Irish pubs in Boston. Good food, good beer selection. A bit pricey, but it's downtown Montreal; you can't really do much cheaper in this area. The outdoor spaces are what make this place better than it has any right to be. The back terrace is quite large and there is also a deck in front. Very nice on a summer evening.
