4	My husband and I decided to have dinner at Station Square and afterwards, just kind of stroll around.  We decided on going to Sesame Inn, which is one of Pittsburgh's most popular Chinese restaurants--and with good reason.  The food here is typical Chinese-American fare, but it is very tasty and a good value.If you read my reviews of other Chinese restaurants, you'll know that I love just the basics.  Oh, sure, I like to try something new once in awhile, but on the night we went, I wanted something familiar and yummy.  I opted for the shrimp with vegetables.  The shrimp was good and tender, the vegetables nice and crisp, and the white sauce not overpowering--just the way I like it.  Rick opted for Sea Scallops with Ma La Sauce, which kind of surprised me.  He rarely has seafood out.  I tasted the scallops, but they were a little too spicy for me.While we love the eggrolls here, they are the melt-in-your-mouth type, we opted for something a little different this time.  We had the fried dumplings for an appetizer.  They were not at all greasy or heavy.  Rick has also eaten the boiled dumplings, saying they are delicious.As I  said, this place is the perfect blend of good food, good value, and a great location.
4	I had a little business to do on Mount Washington this morning.  So after stepping off the Mon Incline, I decided to treat myself to lunch at one of my favorite Chinese places.  I opted for the Lighter Fare Chicken & Vegetables.  That way, I had room for my eggroll.  The chicken was absolutely perfect--not greasy at all.Yes, I know that "Lighter Fare" is all relative, but that's my story and I'm stickin' to it!.
3	Even though I'd been going to Pittsburgh for 3 years, I'd never been to Station Square before. On a friend's suggestion, we took the T from downtown Pittsburgh to Station Square. Sesame Inn is located inside a decidedly odd mall with twisty passages. The decor certainly is nice. We ordered Amazing Pork. I thought it was good but it isn't as spicy as it looks so I can't say that it is "amazing". Then again, I'm spoiled when it comes to East Asian cuisine because I'm a regular at Flushing Chinatown. No issues with the service. Prices are a bit higher than the average Chinese restaurant but that is to be expected because this place aims to be a cut above the average.
4	station square isn't my favorite place to be.  the reasons go something like this:1. entering the square is a headache, never really know where to park2. parking costs $ and remembering to validate is an annoyance3. even after validating you may have to pay a few bucks for parking4. exiting the square and taking a left isn't always easy- make sure to exit at a light5. the mall at station square is a joke but it does have a lottery ticket machine!The 2 best locations in station square are:1.  Sesame Inn2.  the lottery machineSesame Inn is good stuff.  The egg rolls are bomb.  Get a dish with shrimp in it.  The shrimp is gigantic.  The spice could use some help though.  Between Sesame Inn and PF Changs, I'd choose Sesame Inn everytime.  It's a hit in a very obscure place in station square.  It's my spot!
3	This place is so hard to find.  I know it is in Station Square; that wasn't the hard part.  The hard part was finding the restaurant once I arrived at Station Square.  I really don't care for the organization of this odd mall, but that is another review.  Located at the North-East corner of the complex on the second floor, Sesame Inn is easily missed.  After having called the people several times on my cell trying to figure out where they were located, I was finally able to get to the stairwell leading to the front entry.  Unintelligible Chinese people? CheckChinese kitsch? CheckGood Chinese Food? Read on...So far, so good.  Everything was appearing in place and had the proper feeling.  I was craving some good Sichuan food.  We were seated by the host and I looked at the menu solely to make certain that what I wanted to order was present.  When the server arrived I asked her some quick questions to make certain that there wasn't too much of a deviation from what I was craving and ordered:Egg drop soupWonton soupPanfried pork dumplingsCombination rice (no peas or carrots)Kung pao, extra spicy, with only peanuts and red bell peppersOur server was quite peppy and sounded like she was a first generation American since she spoke English flawlessly to us and then spoke Chinese to people in the back.  She was quick to bring out our Iced tea, Pepsi, and soups.  I was a tad taken aback by the appearance of my egg drop soup -- it was a deep red instead of a light yellow.  I spooned it through to make certain it was the right soup and found the cause for the deviation -- the addition of tomatoes to the soup.  Feeling comfortable, I tried the soup.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  It was thick and heavy with very little of that flowered egg/broth combination that makes for a very good egg drop soup.  I could live with a thicker soup, just don't take away the flavor.  The wonton soup also had that heavier feeling about it as compared to some of the lighter wonton soups that I have tried and enjoyed.Our panfried dumplings arrived to our table and they smelled good.  While the skins were a little thicker, they weren't dumpling thick and the meat filling helped to balance it in terms of consistency.  The flavor was a bit muted, though.  Trying the dipping sauce, I received a bit of a shock.  Contrary to everything else thus far, it was quite vibrant. The dumpling sauce had a very strong acidic flavor to it and could possibly have use a tad less vinegar in the preparation.  Together, though, I enjoyed the dumplings and dipping sauce.  And, truth be told, I would rather the sauce be a little strong on the acid than a little week since I can always dilute with some soy sauce.Our entrees arrived and they smelled quite good; but I had to send the chicken back.  There were mushrooms.  Sorry, can't eat mushrooms.  While waiting on the chicken to return, we started on the fried rice.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  It was fully cooked, but it was a bit soggy.  The meats were somewhat flavorless and only added another texture to the whole dish.  The flavor of the dish as a whole did not transcend being rice and meat.  A good fried rice really helps me understand the adage, "Greater than the sum of the parts."As we were finishing the fried rice, the new chicken arrived.  It was steaming hot and smelled good.  It looked to be more in a red sauce than a glaze as is customary with Sichuan foods.  I figured as long as it tasted good then there would be no issue.  I took my first bite.  It was sweet.  It wasn't piquant.  I had asked the server if items were spicy.  I had asked her about which peppers she thought were hot.  The chicken tasted okay, but it was nothing spectacular.  I continued to eat the entree and finished it.  It could have at least have been made from white meat since it was not spicy.  Oh well.They don't serve Sichuan food here.  It is too heavy and sauce oriented.  I would say that it has to be some mixture of Cantonese, Hunan and Mandarin. Will I return, probably not.  Why?  I just don't like the Station Square location.  There are other Sesame Inn in Ross Township and Dormont.  I will most likely try again at one of those related restaurants to see if I like anything else on the menu.  For better or worse, it is one of the better Chinese in the area.
5	Sesame Inn is the only reason I ever go to Station Square.  It's a pretty awful location.  And I hate the parking.My boyfriend and I always order veggie lo mein and the General Tso bean curd and split them.  It is the *most* amazing tofu I have ever had in my life.  They're pefect little fried pillows of deliciousness.
4	How many times am I gonna review Sesame Inn?  As many times as I'm gonna eat there!  I took my mom and dad this past Sunday to the Pirates game.  We decided to go out to dinner afterwards so we rode the Gateway Clipper boat over to Station Square.  Now granted I had me a hotdog at the game, but I was in the mood for a good dinner afterwards.  Besides, why load up on $4.00 hotdogs and diet pops when you can go out to a good dinner afterwards?  Dad feels the same way--he'll have A beer at the game, but why spend $6.50 for a Miller Lite when he can get some good Chinese beer later on?We started off with the traditional egg rolls.  I'm sorry, but I don't consider vegetarian egg rolls "real" egg rolls.  We also split an order of pork dumplings three ways.Their seafood here is really good.  Since I like sticking to the basics, I opted for the shrimp with vegetables with white sauce.  Dad's tastes run a little bit spicier than mine.  He opted for the beef with curry sauce.  If it's strong enough to clear one's sinuses, Dad loves it!  Mom's a lamb lover--she went with the lamb with vegetables.  Mom also put away a Coco Loco.   Sesame Inn won't win any awards for exotic dishes, and maybe it's Americanized Chinese food, but if you're looking for a nice moderately priced place with good food, you'd do well to stop here.
4	Great lunch menu, very affordable, and quick serive.  More enjoyable went you go vs. Ordering take out because you get hot tea.
4	Mmmm!  Yet another update for Sesame Inn!  I was going over to the Byham after work last night for the Richard Thompson concert and I had a LOT of time to kill before the show.  I'm talking about 2 1/2 hours here.  So since I was dining alone and I had a taste for Chinese, I headed up to Station Square for some more Sesame Inn.My tastes aren't all that exotic when it comes to Chinese.  The eggrolls here are out of this world.  The shrimp with peapods is a great choice if you just like the basics.  One bad thing about Chinese (besides an hour after you eat it....) is that they always give you way too much.  I wish they had lunch portions for dinner.  Good thing I was able to stop at my office afterwards and stash the leftovers in my fridge.  Leftovers for dinner tonight!
4	Must try the egg drop soup with tofu, vegetables and citrus. Good food at a great price.The chicken and Broccoli is also very good.
4	This was a good experience. The presentation & service was nice. I personally enjoyed my dish as the noodles were tasty & the vegetables were crispy! There are a few vegetarian friendly choices (such as the Bean Curd Family Style), which was ironically thin on the vegetables, but quite tasty. I'm sure others would greatly enjoy this place, but the only way I could give the full 5 stars is if there were mock meats (& good), like the place I love in Philly, but that's just me! I do recommend this place.
2	The food was decent.  The service was terrible.  When we got to the restaurant, there were only seven occupied tables.  Only one waitress, and a man who seemed to do nothing except deliver change and receipts.  It took about 20 minutes for the waitress to take our order.  Food came out pretty quick after that.  We had to refill our own water glasses... thankfully the water pitcher was left on an empty table.As for the food.  It was decent but nothing spectacular compared to other Chinese restaurants we've been to in the past.  Seven tables is a lot to expect for one waitress.  I would have been more understanding if she was efficient or the man "helping" on the front end was doing something to help her.  We normally start our tip at 20% and go up from there.  The service experience was so bad here, we left 10%.
3	3.5 Stars. When you stay in Station Square, you eat in Station Square. Could be good or could be bad, depending on where you go. But, craving some Chinese food during lunchtime, I walked up to the second floor on the oddly structured building to check out Sesame Inn for the first time.I was seated immediately and after looking over the lunch menu, I quickly decided on the General Tso's chicken with fried rice and egg drop soup. Naturally, the soup came out first and I found it very unique because it had chicken and vegetables in it. When I've had it anywhere else, that's never been the case. Although different, it was actually very good.Soon after that they brought me the chicken and rice, which of course was enough food to feed a family of four. It tasted exactly like I expected, no better, no worse. Of course I couldn't finish it all, so maybe coming here for dinner would've been a better idea. Excellent service, reasonable prices and good food make this one of the better options in the immediate area.
4	Very good. This might be the first time I've ordered a dish with chicken it it at a Chinese restaurant and it actually looked like chicken. Usually you get those ground up and smashed into a uniform shape chicken bits in your meal at other Chinese restaurants so I was impressed.The food here is really good. I've heard so much good things about this place that I was half expecting to be disappointed because I didn't see how it could live up to the hype, but I'm very glad to say that I was wrong. Everything was delicious and the prices were very reasonable. Highly recommended.
5	Awsome had the beef fried rice so good worth a shot
4	Consistently good traditional Americanized Chinese food.  Take the hometown Chinese joint that most have an affinity for from their childhood, spruce it up a little, and what you end up with is Sesame Inn.One of their several locations, Station Square is definitely the hardest to find, but don't let it fool you!  Relative to all the other food options in Station Square (sans Melting Pot (one of our favorite date spots - late night fondue!) and Texas de Brazil (which I haven't been to yet)), this represents your best bet for a quality meal unless you want to shoot for the Grand Concourse.Stick with the General Tso's and you'll have a good meal that will satisfy your hunger.  The chicken actually looks and tastes like chicken and it's more than filling.  Sesame Inn's consistency transfers across all of their locations, which is a good thing to me.
1	I have been ordering take out from the Sesame Inn at Station Square for years now. Today was the last day that will ever happen! The person who delivered my meal was rude to the point that I felt the need to call the manager and complain. The conversation I had with the manager was even more inconsiderate. I explained that the delivery person was impatient and felt the need to explain to me that he had other orders on the South side to deliver. He cut me off several times and told me I had to be understanding because the delivery person was frustrated and under a lot of pressure. After attempting several times to have a "discussion" with the man - I hung up. Even before today, the quality of food and service had been creeping downward - and the treatment I received today was just too much. My business will definitely be going to another restaurant.
4	Sesami Inn will deliver up to a certain distance, not sure what that distance is though. I can verify they deliver to parts of the South Side. Good Chinese food.
3	If you have to eat at the mall this is really your best bet for the price. It isn't the greatest Chinese I've had in my life but I'd go back if I had to. Our service was good and we were in and out rather quickly.
2	Not entirely sure why this place keeps getting rated as one of the top Chinese restaurants in the annual City Paper "Best of the Burgh" edition. And not to be entirely unfare to Sesame Inn, but, it's just okay. The menu is extensive, comes with all the normal dishes you'd find at a good Chinese eatery. The basics, the specials, the chef's specials etc. it's good food, it's just not anything special. On a recent night I had the vegetable  fried rice and stir fried string beans. The rice had that smokey umami flavors we all love, nice chunks of broccoli, carrots, and straw mushrooms. The beans were crisp tender, again, the umami flavors we are accustom to from Chinese food shined through. But, again it's just not special. So why pay to park at Station Square when you can go to any Chinese restaurant with private parking and eat there?
5	It is the only chinese i will eat when i am in the area. Its delicious food and wonderful staff.
3	It's a pretty nice place located in Station Square. The service was quick and efficient. Order food in bulk for a work party and they prepared everything so quickly for pick up.  For a restaurant, I expected restaurant quality food, but what I got tasted a lot like the cheap stuff I can get at to-go places.  I had their general tso's chicken. The portions were good and came in a cute little container. I thought the sauce was a bit too sweet and chicken tasted a bit dried as in over-fried. I did enjoy the hint of ginger in the sauce though. Overall, the food at Sesame Inn was pretty edible, but the quality is not worth it for the high price.
3	I wish I could give them 2.5 stars.  It's better than meh, but it's not a-ok.There is a lot of nasty Chinese food in Pittsburgh and the Sesame Inn is better than most, but sometimes it's very, very bad.  I'm talking about the Station Sq location.  The Sesame Inn in Mt Lebanon is consistently delicious.I do like getting lunch here because it's quick, it can be healthy (shrimp & broccoli), and it's around $10.  I will absolutely be back because man cannot live on Subway 5x a week and there aren't too many affordable lunch spots in Station Square.Would I drive all the way into town to dine here?  Nope.  Also, I have seen some kind of strange things here.  One time the two hostesses in the front got into a loud argument in Chinese, and then there was the time I walked by the restaurant and there was a server that was either passed out, napping, or dead at a table right in front of the window. That kind of set the bar low for my expectations of their service.
4	Sesame Inn has 4 locations. Station Square is the worst of all. I generally avoid this one but love the other 3. Still much better than most Chinese around town.
1	We are staying at a hotel nearby so we thought this style food sounded good. We had the pork egg roll, egg drop soup and hot and sour soup. Those items were unspectacular. For the main courses sesame chicken and Singapore rice noodle. Well the sesame chicken was very greasy and taste like it was burnt in the deep dryer. The Singapore noodle was over cooked and mushy and was cooked with too much oil in the wok. Was not a happy meal. Will not return.
5	This place is great.  I got the general tso's chicken and the flavor was to die for.  Big portion of chicken.  Staff was very friendly.
2	It's not that it was bad, just that it was basic "Americanized" Chinese food.  We were there for lunch and specifically went because it appeared to locally get good reviews on Yelp.  Ambiance is dreary and bland.  Service was relatively quick.  Staff seemed friendly enough.  Menu was basic and did not have uniquely authentic Chinese dishes.  Comparable to a Panda Express in our opinion.  Maybe there is just not a market for Chinese food here in Pittsburgh. Again, it was not that it was bad, but not sure we will go back.
1	We stopped here during Station Square's "winter wonderland" (which was awful, btw!). We got there around 7, and I was expecting the place to be packed, given that the lower floor was basically one huge crowd of kids. Surprisingly, it was near-full, but with no wait. We got seated quickly, and were kind of hurried to order by the server, which was understandable given the crowd. Our table (two parents + 5-year-old) got* teriyaki chicken appetizer ($7)* cashew chicken ($12)* kid's chicken and baby corn ($6)* pad thai ($11)The good: The first two items were great . . . I'd describe them as on the very tasty end of the mall-grade-American-Chinese food scale. The unknown: My son ate all of the baby corn and fried rice before I could try it, so I can only assume it was good! The bad: The kid's chicken was very bland and gummy. Imagine if you got a package of supermarket chicken and basically just microwaved it in water. Ick. The amazingly awful: Okay so yes, I ordered Pad Thai at a Chinese place, maybe not a great decision. But there is NO justification for how gross the meal was. Imagine yourself at the zoo, smelling the elephant cages. That was how it tasted. I probably should have said something ("Seriously, there is something wrong with this."), but they were clearly busy, I couldn't really figure out what to say, and I just wanted to eat and go home. In retrospect, I really wish I had. (What if it was spoiled and somebody got sick?)The service was almost quick enough to satisfy a hungry and overstimulated 5-year-old, which is saying a lot. The portions were large enough that the three of us were satisfied with what turned out to be 1 appetizer and 1.25 entrees (cashew chicken plus baby corn). I wish I could give 1.5 stars, as my experience was somewhere in between "eek" and "meh." I feel bad about the one star, since I'm mostly penalizing them for one bad dish, and I didn't give them the opportunity to fix it. But I never got my beloved Pad Thai. And what I got was so gross that I can't imagine going back!
1	This place is Closed as of November 28 or something.   Upsetting BC of the drive to get down here and paid for parking.  Fuck...
2	Foul tasting chicken. I don't know what else could make me so sad.
