5	Love this place..:)
5	I love this place!  Awesome store with unique products for all breeds!  Very knowledgeable, they can help you with questions from training, grooming, health care, just ask, they know!!!
5	Not only is this place great, but they support local artists, USA-Made only products and the staff is just awesome. Dee is truly a wonderful person.
5	This place is beyond adorable!  They have bedding, clothes, accessories etc.  And I believe certain items can be custom ordered.  Dee is super nice and extremely knowledgeable.  I got some great tips and advice from her.   I wish this store much success and I will be back.  Her blog is a great read too!
5	There is nothing better than a bully hug, and at this shop you gets hugs, kisses and SHOPPING.  King Mugsy the resident English Bulldog is the consummate host and his human mommy Dee is just as wonderful.  For those of us who own bully breed dogs, we know how hard it is to find quality items geared just for our special dogs.  This shop has just that market cornered (of course other breeds are welcomed too).  I had caught the quiet whispers that this pet shop existed and I set out to find it.  Our newest French Bulldog needed some bling to wear out.  The shop is in one of my favorite Vegas haunts, the Tivoli Village and yet I had never noticed it.  Well it turns out there is a 2nd floor to the shops and it is SO WORTH visiting.  You walk through the Brio doorway and go up the stairs.  There is another world up there with many great shops to explore.Dee the owner was a great help sizing Penelope for her new collar, it's her own line and SO WELL MADE.  The leash that matches it has to be my favorite leash of all time.  In the shop you will find the usual basic needs for your pups (except food) and even some clothing for you.  Dee is an expert on bully needs and a great source of information.Definitely worth the walk up the stairs, ok ok, there is an elevator too for those pups that just refuse to take the stairs.
4	Small but sweet little doggie shop. Sells a variety of doggie clothes, with specific emphasis on the bulldog lines (English, French, etc.). Dee, the owner, actually designs her own line of bulldog clothes and, while a bit pricey, are totally cute. Her clever innovation: she uses a corset-like design for all the clothes -- that way the outfits fit bulldogs at both their broader chests and narrow little waists (since you just cinch it in a bit). Awesome! Other than clothes they also sells a limited number of toys, collars, etc. Not that much but a totally worthwhile stop! Oh! And her adorable bulldog Mugsy is happy to let you pet him endlessly. (Though he might be pouting, since he's forced to model all the clothes!)  :)
5	I really enjoy this store and all they offer. And not just for my dog, they offer things for me too.  Their dog beds are too cute and its always changing. There is always something new from a local artist or an american company. The staff was fantastic and knowledgeable. They even told me about other shops in the market that I may like and had some of those shops goods in her store as well. I was really impressed with their courtesy and their support of their fellow stores as well.  This is definitely one local business I can get behind.
5	We have been going to this adorable store since it opened, since we are frequent visitors to tivoli village. Dee and the rest of the staff have been wonderful and my 2 year old loves to visit mugsy. We dont even own a dog but like another reviewer I was able to get a custom blanket for me. I was able to pick the color, fabric and size and I LOVE it!. I also love that their products are american made and they last. It is a smaller shop so if you do have small kids. Either have them in your arms or have control of them.They have lots of high end items that if your kid damages it, be prepare to buy it. It makes our week when we get to visit dee and mugsy and hear about all the new cool items they have. P
5	Mugsy & Moxies Bully Couture is such a wonderful Store. I'm able tobring in all my dogs which Mugsy the adorable English Bulldog Politelygreets everyone as they enter the store. The Owner of the store Dee isso awesome she is so knowledgeable about every product in her storeand always so eager to help you find whatever it is you need. I hadsuch a wonderful experience shopping for my dog here everyone is sofriendly and the location is awesome.
5	Very Cute Shop!
5	One day, after visiting Box which just moved into The Market at Tivoli Village, I decided to walk around and happened upon Bo & Deemo's shop... Sooo glad I did.  Bo was there and we started talking about my dog and her "attitude" problem and he suggested I bring her back in when his wife Dee is working as she does training.  So a couple days later after work Sera and I stopped in and spent 2 amazing hours with Dee working her and giving me information on how to work and handle Sera, letting me know that a lot of her attitude is actually insecurity.  I can't say enough how much I appreciate this!  Sera is already doing profoundly better thanks to Dee and the shop has a lot of great holistic and stylish stuff that I splurged on for my girl. This place will be a regular stop for us for sure!
5	i Love bo an deemo theyre great...we met a few years ago at a bully pagent the quality of their clothes outstanding ....BUT JUST FOR NOTE.... i cant stand children whom have no manners....but i have zero tolorence for undisaplined children and i dont need a sign to knowmy children cant crawl all over something come on people control your kids tell em to keep their hands in their pockets tounge and hands off the glass and shut up when not spoken to how hard is it and when your in a dog store allow your dogs to act like dogs not your children its simple...idiocracy at its finest lol sabrina is an idiot that needs to control her children
5	As new dog owners, my husband and I are well aware of our ignorance.  Dee and her staff have been patient, helpful, and never condescending.  We have been for toys, treats, and training.  I can't recommend the training enough- after one hour, we can "talk" to our puppy and life is good. We love to visit as often as we can-- it's worth the drive to Tivoli!
5	This store, Dee and her whole Bully team is the only reason I drive 40 minutes from Henderson to come to Tivoli Village. We make an event out of it, my family comes and of course we bring our Pit Bull, Lord Kane! This bully boutique features some of the best products I have personally experienced, especially the Pet Corrector and No Pull Leash. Our dog even knows where we're going when we pull into the parking lot and will lead us right to Mugsy & Moxies Bully Couture. Local artists and small businesses are often featured in this store which I love! There is a great vibe and the dogs are always welcome and often even get their picture posted to the Facebook page. I think Dee even offers some training sessions and often holds special events and parties which make it that much more fun! Great store, great products, great people, great time. You may even get lucky and meet King Mugsy, Prince Dozer and the Maltese pack!
5	i still stand behind 5 stars for quality the only trailer park trash about this place are their reviews from people like wanda for calling me and idiot in private messaging for my review but hey thanks again .........they have still high quality product for the price and do nothing but give the utmost care for the animals and always great with not so excepted bully breeds! I cant dream of shopping else where thanks guys!
5	Love this store!!!!!! I have a toy apricot poodle who loves Dee and especially her BB girls!! Think one has a crush on my little guy.. Dee and her husband Kevin are so nice and knowledgable not only about bully breeds, but all breeds. My dog loves going into their store and we are always treated with the utmost respect. They have the highest quality dog accessories and supplies you can find. Not only is Dee knowledgable on her breeds she also gives training sessions that really helped my mom with her dachshund and how to keep her from tripping my mom while walking her. This store is definitely 5 star status. For the record.. If you don't know how to approach a dog or its owner then DON'T.
5	Mugsy & Moxies Bully Couture is one of the best dog speciality stores in Vegas.  The owner, Dee, knows all about Bully breeds and how to train dogs and their owners.  I have a doxie that Dee helped train so that she is now less hyper, and doesn't jump on strangers but the most important thing is that Dee taught ME how to keep my little doxie from crossing in front of me when we walk so that there is not a chance for her to trip me.       I love the bling collar that I purchased for my Sadie from Dee.  High quality and not over priced.  The owners have many events that help several dog charities.   I have always been treated with the utmost respect by the owners and workers when I have been in the store with my doxie and my grandson. I would recommend anyone with a dog to visit this unique boutique.
3	I was dancing between a 2 and 3 star.  Not much in here. But with a small store and your couldn't be bothered to say hi to me or my dog kinda put me off. Some really cute shirts in there that go to pit bull rescue that's nice.
5	I absolutely love that there is a shop devoted to loving bully breeds. It's fantastic that my pitbulls are not only welcome there, but encouraged to come in and check it out. I was able to buy an adopt-a-bull tshirt and fight BSL and the associate was helpful, and introduced me to coconut flakes, which my dogs love. I can't say enough about this fantastic store
5	Great pet store... They give classes and the staff really understands dogs.  Their products seem to be very good quality and they have a unique assortment.  This is a very cool little shop!
5	This is the best dog boutique I have been to. Dee and the rest of the Mugsy & Moxie family love all of the pups that come in. They will help you with smallest issue to the biggest issue. They have the best clothing and accessories.
5	Mugsy and Moxie's has moved!!!  They have a large open sexy new location and it's really worth going too.  They have all sorts of extras now too, like a photographer who will meet you on location and you can use all their accessories for your photo shoot.  Also Dee, the owner and a renowned bully trainer, holds classes here to help you be the best bully owner you can be.  They have added to their doggy pack, so you never know who will be in residence to greet and kiss you.  New lines of doggy wear and collars.  Still my favorite doggy boutique in Vegas!!!
1	ZERO STARS!!!!! walked In and the owner didn't great us. She was rude when we asked questions. Told her dog to stop playing!! Who does that ? In a place centered around dogs when it's ur own business! Not to mention her dog has a terrible eye infection green goop covering the whole eye. Worst place ever.
5	Love love love this place! They have the cutest dog accessories and lots of options.  It's family owned and the owner goes above and beyond to help out her customers.  She has always been willing to help me find whatever I'm looking for and go out of her way to get it for me.  Even if you don't have a bully breed this is a great place to shop and I recommend it to EVERYBODY!
1	I wish I would've kept walking.I was so excited! From the outside this boutique is so adorable! I just had to go inside... Unfortunately the woman working wasn't as excited to be there as I was.Let's start with how I didn't even get a hello or nod or any sort of acknowledgement at all upon entering. Fine, your $9 an hour to sit at a desk isn't enough to get a simple greeting. No hard feelings. HOWEVER come to find out it was one of the owners. Way to make your customers feel welcome!As my friend and I googled over all the cute tutus and such we were offered no assistance of any sort. She just say on her phone. She had a dog, we came over and said hi, the dog got excited PLAYING with his bone and she barked at him to calm down. RUDE! I also couldn't help but notice the dogs eye infection. Pull yourself together lady.I decided to strike up a conversation- this is how it went.Me: so are you the owner?Lady: one of them, yes.Me: this is a cute boutique, do you do shows as well?Lady: shows? Have you met show people?(This was said in a way to make "show people" sound like they were dog slayers or something)Me: yes.This is when we quickly made a run for the door. She lost a sale and two potential customers today. My friend is obsessed with dog tutus but refused to purchase anything from that woman.I have met show people. I did shows all over the country when I was younger. I'm extremely offended.
5	So I finally made it to the new shop. Its so pretty inside and of course there are all kinds of new items. Now that the store is bigger they are able to offer more services. My son was excited to pick out a new toy for his grandma's dog and of course get love from dozer and princess pebbles. Dee and Kevin always make you feel welcome and your treated like a friend. Not just a customer. And their pack of dogs are always well behaved. I bet those dogs live a better life then most people. There shop is definitely worth checking out.
5	I love this place. My dog Zena loves it too. There is always something new and exciting. Stuff you just can't find at large pet stores. Not to mention how nice and knowlegable the owners are. My dog had one hour of training with Dee and the results were amazing. I asked "where is my dog"?!!! She has mad skills.You won't be disappointed at MMBC.
