5	I have been seeing Tiffany, at fresh skins solutions, for almost 8 months. I LOVE the care she has given to my skin! I have seen dramatic improvements in the tone and brightness of my face. With options of microdermabrasion, facial and peels, Tiffany does a wonderful job determining what is best for your skin at the moment. I highly recommend Tiffany and fresh skin solutions!
5	First I am an Aesthetician myself so I know a great facial when I get one!  I was in 7th heaven on her table and was really bummed when it was over.  She uses a great product line and my skin was absolutely glowing when she was done, I even got compliments on it that night at dinner.  Now as long as the products are good,  they are going to do the job, but what makes a facial great is the attentiveness during the process.  Her music was catered to my taste, I could tell she has an innate ability to know I didn't want the babbling brook or ocean sounds.  Dead Can Dance was playing softly in the background, an album that I love.  She not only pampered my face but my feet, hands, arms, shoulders and scalp as well.  I was like Jello when she was done.  I am pretty sure I might have even drifted off for a minute or two I was so relaxed!  Tiffany herself is such a wonderful woman and you can tell she loves her craft.  It is her passion not just a job and it shines through in every blissful moment.
5	Hands down the best facial I have ever had. I could have laid on the table and let Tifanny's magic fingers caress my face all day. She really takes the time to get to know your skin and creates a custom facial based on your needs. Her product line is phenomenal and the facial left my skin glowing for weeks.  She also does peels and microdermabrasion and I am eager to go back and try both. What really sets her apart from most estheticians is her attention to detail. Her studio is gorgeous and the environment she has created exudes comfort and relaxation. I have never felt so at ease and calm while someone cleaned out my dirty pores. If you are in the mood for pampering treat yourself and go see Tiffany. You will be so happy you did~
5	I work at a Spa but yet I still find myself  at T Lily.The location is perfect.There is always parking on the streets and it is easy to find.I live in old town so I enjoy walking to get my services.From brow waxing, to Microderms, to galvanic treatments, to facials that have transformed my skin are only a few of the services that I keep returning for.
5	Just got 5 Diamond Dermabrasion  On Arms, Back and Face and I Love it  She is a perfectionist,  Organize, Clean, and the most amazing quality service  she finished my facial with Ice I basically melted This is My Best present for My coming B Day  this Sunday I will Look like I am in High School this weekend with m Super Fresh Skin PaulGStudio.com highly recommends this better that The Red Door service and amazing and real Customer Service. She has a 1/2 off coupon on the entrance of the building for the first service  Please Enjoy
5	Finding a knowledgeable, professional yet down-to-earth aesthetician in a small boutique setting has been a challenge in the Valley until now. With my sister in town visiting, we wanted to treat ourselves to a facial.  Found Tiffany through Yelp and she graciously worked us into her schedule last minute. Our facials were wonderful! Tiffany is like talking to an old friend--comfortable and caring. Her space is inviting and relaxing. I especially appreciated her approach to skin care which is a combination of holistic and clinical. She blends them well.She discusses your skin regimen and makes recommendations while she is workingher magic. My skin felt fantastic!Treat yourself to a facial with Tiffany.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for some time now.  Today is the day!T Lily ( soon to be Skincare at the White House) was opened about a year or two ago by a creative and talented esthetician named Tiffany.  She uses primarily Rhonda Allison products, known for their pure, fresh, quality ingredients.  Their products are also: No Artificial Coloring, No Parabens, No Chemical Fragrance and contain No Sodium Lauryl Sulfates.I've only scheduled once with Tiffany here, although I have had the pleasure of a facial with her at Montelucia Resort & Joya Spa as well as a smaller salon that she had her business at in Carefree (not far from the The Boulders Resort.)  Her approach hasn't changed in the 4 years that I've known her:  listen to the client, share valuable tips for home skincare, create a calm environment, utilize her healing hands deftly and use results oriented product lines.Call Tiffany today and schedule your next Facial, Diamond Dermabrasion, Waxing or a  Peel.  You will thank me later.
