2	Been here twice looking for cribs. The prices here are more than some stores in California, but the salespeople are always very helpful. They even offered to match a price of a crib that I took a picture of its price tag with my camera. Beautiful cribs and wonderful selection. However, my last visit really swayed me from purchasing about $2500 worth of baby furniture. The manager's kids were running around the store while my baby was trying  to sleep. They also keep running into me and made the whole shopping experience really unpleasant  They weren't paying attention and continued to wrestle. I guess boys will be boys, but the manager yelling at them as they refused to move from the exit was what really told me to spend my money elsewhere. (if you are the manager and you read this, yelling at your monsters to stick their noses in the corner is unprofessional and ridiculous!)Added 4/25/10 Please note: I am sorry if this offends anyone!  The great thing about YELP is that we are entitled to our opinions and we can voice our experiences no matter where we shop!  A big part of my shopping/dining experience is customer service, so if you are letting your children get in the way of shoppers or screaming across the store at your own kids (instead of calmly walking up to them and speaking where no one can hear you), you loose customers and sales (no matter what state the customer lives in).
2	I must start by stating that I really love the selection...What I don't like is you can be driving a $30,000 car used, and sporting a $800.00 bag and yet when I enter ready to spend money, they rather follow me around  making sure I am not taking inventory instead of making sure I am finding things ok. It really is not cool to stereo type these days. It's not the cover, it's about the book. And I will continue shopping here because I love the clothes and other items. It will never be about the customer service...Get it together. Ciao
3	Good selection of stuff. This is where I do my baby shopping when in Vegas. The staff is helpful and they have a little bit of everything (that you won't find at babies r us).
5	I have always had a great experience here.  I worked with Hannah several times and she is so knowledgeable and patient.  They have a nice selection of strollers, all of which Hannah knew exactly how to fold up very easily.  They have Ipads to look up information if they don't know the answer which I thought was a nice touch.  They will also price match competitors online if you find a cheaper price.  The cribs I noticed were on the pricier side, you won't find a Walmart crib here.  They have a nice selection of strollers too, so you can test drive a Chicco or a Bugaboo.  All in all, great store, highly recommend!
1	I went today around 12:25 pm, the store opens at noon and the doors were locked!  So, I was in the parking lot trying to figure out where to go next since they were closed and here comes the employee to unlock the store.  I know stuff can happen but opening 30  minutes late is unacceptable for a business.  So, we went back to the booster seats and had my son sit in one of them when an employee told us that my son was not allowed to sit in it.  Are you serious?!  We bought our other carseat here and were able to try it out.  The employee told us we could touch it and look at it, and she could tell us about it.  Well, I want to see how my son fits in the seats and I want to be able to ask him if it is comfy for the long California trips we will be taking in the future.  It was a completely different experience from the other numerous trips.  I don't think they will stay in business if they are going to charge people for their "customer service" or not let customers let their kids sit in the car seats.  I have spent a bunch of money here in the past, but I will not be returning.
4	Ok, ok, so I ate my words.  I said I would never be back to this store.  However, I really do like buying local, love getting my stuff right now and they price match online stores(which I didn't see any signs in the store stating this--I would have it plastered everywhere!) as long as it is the same color and in stock.  I got a message from Evelyn the store manager so I decided to give them a second chance.  I still cannot give them all five stars because as a customer I cannot agree with new  policies which were implemented that they now have in place.  The employees are knowledgeable and polite.  I understand with this economy and the internet times are tough for brick and mortar stores.  However, in order to survive with so much competition online, you need to go above and beyond, IMO.    Today, I was getting my kids in the car and I overheard a woman complaining about their stroller policy saying she was going to go with the other big box Baby store in town.  To me, if you are upsetting customers, she is going to tell everyone of her experience and nobody will shop here.  If someone would listen to the consumers, who are going to keep this store in business, I think this store would be a success.
1	Was pleasantly surprised to find a beautiful crib/changer combo. Purchased it using the promo stated on their FB page for today ($50 off of $100.) However, my experience at this store was ruined when they denied the sale of a Joovy Tricycoo for my nephew because my siblings had not "Liked" the page before hand and therefore would not let them use the promo. It is not that they could not afford the $100 bike, but why pay full price when there is a great promo right in front of their faces?? What really made NO SENSE was the fact that they said YES we could use the promo, then different managers got involved, one said they had to like the page, which they then did, but then got denied saying that they had to like it BEFORE they got to the store. Correct me if I'm wrong but I don't see any "fine print" in that little promo on their FB, do you? Basically, they lost out on a sale, where they could have made an extra $50 today, all because of a policy that was made up right on the spot. I called to complain to a manager as my sister is not one for confrontation, so I said I would wait and the manager tells me she needs to call me back. . . We will see if this actually happens. It was a 40 minute drive for us to get there, and I was excited to see all they had to offer. Unfortunately, if I didn't have to pick my crib up when it comes in, I would never waste my time there again.Update:Just got a return call from the manager of the store. He has upset this 6 month pregnant woman by yelling at me to not interrupt him while he was speaking, which I did not say a word after he asked me and then kept saying "GO AHEAD GO AHEAD" VERY RUDELY when I yelled at him to give me the same courtesy. He also kept emphasizing how OBVIOUS it was that people could not like the page at the store. (Implying to me that we were stupid for thinking we could do that, when the sales people said that's what they could do.) He kept telling me that they could cancel my order which is NOT what I had asked for. It's almost as if he wanted me to cancel. So, now that I am so upset, after hanging up on that jerk, I thought about it, canceled my order and will purchase this crib elsewhere. We gave it a shot, it was a cute store, but after the long drive, and the rude phone call from the manager, I am done. I would like to say however, that our sales person (I didn't catch her name) was very nice and I have nothing bad to say about her. Thank you for your help. You were very sweet.
1	I would give this store ZERO stars.  I had stopped in last week to look for a new stroller.  I have a bigger heavier duty one, and needed to find a lightweight travel stroller for a trip I have next week.  Long and painful story short, when I arrived at the store (shopping with my 1yr old) There was only one other customer who had walked in at the same time.  That should have been a sign...big store and no customers.  We were both looking at strollers.  An employee came over to help me and showed me two different strollers.  I then told her she could help the other customer while I compared the strollers.  I wanted to see another stroller that also looked to fit what I was looking for, and asked the employee, and she said she would get me the other associate to help me.  The whole time the manager was sitting in his office on the computer and never offered to come and help.  The other employee came over.  When I pointed to another lightweight stroller that I wanted to see that happened to be on the top shelf, she asked me if the other associate had told me of their policy.  No, she had not explained any policy to me or the other gentleman in the store looking also at strollers.  Well, if you want to look at, touch, or roll a stroller in this store you have to pay $25....thats right.  Put down a nonrefundable deposit on a stroller that will go towards the purchases of a stroller. Well my whole point of shopping in the store instead of on-line was to see if I liked the features of the strollers they had and if my diaper bag would fit in the bottom basket. I was not paying $25 to look at stroller.  I am not sure who came up with this policy...but  I cant imagine anyone paying to look or test drive a stroller.  I also felt discriminated against because the gentleman also looking at strollers was not told this policy...not sure if its because he was looking at more expensive models or if it was because he was a man? The associate said it was in response to people coming in and looking at strollers and then buying them online.  Here is an idea...have competitive pricing and price match...or have a warm and friendly staff who is willing to actually try to help your customers.  I was appalled and left.  The ironic thing is that you think the associates would have been eager to help one of the few customers shopping in this store.  Go to Babies R us or  Lovebug Baby.  You can look and touch and sample any stroller...
1	I wish I'd read the reviews of this store before becoming a victim too. My experience was similar to many of the other 1-star reviews here. I hope that by spending the time to write this review I'm able to save someone else the unneeded nightmare of dealing with such an unscrupulous and rude business. If you love your new baby and don't need stress added to your pregnancy, don't shop here!On July 3, 2012, I was looking for a store selling the Origami stroller because I wanted to see it in person. I called USA Baby Child Space and the lady on the phone said that they had it in the store and said I could come in anytime. Within the hour I was at the store and when I couldn't find the stroller, I asked a salesperson where I could find it and was told they didn't keep it in stock. I told her that I'd just called and was told it was in the store, and the lady looked surprised and said, "oh we just sold it." I thought this was strange, but didn't know anything about the store at the time, so I believed her.I ended up spending $3,600 including ordering the stroller sight-unseen. I also purchased a matching crib and dresser. The items were to be delivered "in a couple of weeks." I also paid an additional fee for delivery and for assembly.On July 29, 2012 (not too late), they arrived at our home with the items. The stroller was fine, but when they brought the dresser in, my husband said that he noticed that it was bowing like it was made of rubber. When the delivery men left the room, I attempted to show my husband how the top of the dresser becomes a table by pulling out the top, but something wasn't right - it was sticking and crooked. My husband pointed out that one of the wheels was missing from the bottom corner of the dresser leg. Then I started to open the drawers. When I opened the top drawer, a screw fell to the floor with a "clack" on the wood floor. When I opened the second drawer, two more screws. When the delivery men came back in, we pointed this out to them. They opened the drawers and more screws fell, then on the last one, some splintered wood fell to the floor along with one of the metal guide rails. (We kept pictures of this.) We called the store and spoke with the manager "Evelyn" and explained the situation. She pressed REALLY hard to get us to keep the "furniture" until a replacement could be delivered. My husband said that the dresser was a hazard and we didn't want it on our property where a baby was going to be, so they took the dresser and crib back. I asked Evelyn when we would receive a replacement and she said she would call me the following Monday with an update because there was nothing she could do on a Saturday. On Monday (surprise!) no one called me back! I called them Tuesday and reached Evelyn who told she couldn't give me any information, to wait, and that she would "call [me] tomorrow." Nobody called me Wednesday. I called them Thursday around 4 but Evelyn was "busy." I told them that I would like to get my money back if they wouldn't provide me with an approximate date it would arrive. They told me that Evelyn would call me back on that. She called around 5.30 p.m and I asked what the status on the furniture was and why she didn't call when she promised. Evelyn started (literally) SCREAMING at me the whole conversation and if you can picture this, she literally screamed that dresser won't be here next week either, that she didn't know when it will arrive and that she wouldn't give me a date, but that the was "working on it." I told her that since she couldn't even provide an approximate delivery date and because I no longer had time to keep trying to track her down (or felt like being screamed at by a crazy person for that matter), I told her I couldn't wait and that I wanted a refund. She started screaming at me again saying they wouldn't give me my money back. I told her not to scream at me anymore since we have been good customers who spent over $3,500 at their store. She replied (again screaming) "I'm not screaming at you. You don't understand you need to listen I already told you I'm working on it." I appreciated the irony of her screaming that she wasn't screaming at me.  When asked if I could speak to another manager or just someone who wouldn't scream at me the whole time Evelyn replied, "I'm the highest person at the store and there are no other managers."I let Evelyn know that I would be disputing the dresser/crib portion of the charge because I spent a lot of money in this store on what I thought was quality new furniture for our baby girl, I was 6 months pregnant and very upset. What should have been a joy for our family ended up being a headache with a crazy person screaming at me.Only after opening a chargeback with my credit card company for the dresser/crib portion of my order, did I IMMEDIATELY get a call from USA Baby saying that the items I was previously told would be impossible to get quickly were magically ready for delivery.
3	I have read the reviews this place has, and I do not feel the same. I went to this place three times by now, looking for a crib, a stroller and some other baby items. In all three times the staff was super nice and helpful, willing to explain about each product and even match prices (only if they have it in stock) Regarding that, I actually came in hoping to leave with a stroller but the salesperson told me that the ad that we found online has a newer stroller than they one they carry, so she could not match up the price for me. I was disappointed because I was REALLY hoping to leave with a stroller that day, but she said she could not do anything. I'm giving this place three stars just because they're kind of pricey and also because I was really hoping they could work things out for me and the stroller.
1	I was surprised to find out that this store still in business.Shop there on your own risk.
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!  I am a customer of eight years.  Purchased expensive furniture, as did my sister who had new babies arriving.  After all is said and done, they refused to replace the mattress I purchased only because of the lifetime warranty.  TOTALLY MISREPRESENTED information.  Never going back, and will no longer recommend to ANYONE!!!
1	I'm wound give it no stars if it's could. But be aware of this place. Basically if they think you're not buying anything they won't help you. The manager is very unpleasant to deal with. It's hard to get someone nice there. They have this dumb rule where they will not show you anything unless you will buy it. How ridiculous.  If you order things from them they don't arrive in time or its defective and then it's very hard to get the part replaced from them a as they will not cooperate with you.I DO NOT recommend this store.
