4	I've never been to New York, but I really want to go if the pizza here is an accurate representation.  The place looks like a nice pizzeria/diner in the big city with pictures of New York on the walls, and they serve up great  food from their mother land.   I had a really good experience here.  The service was friendly and fast, and the food was out of this world.  I took advantage of their pizza by the slice offer, and wow.  Like I said I've never been to the big apple, but I'm guessing this would give guys up there a run for their money.
3	Delicious pizza, deliver until late....hurray!  Plus the phone guys and delivery people are always very nice.  It's a little pricey, but the food really is good.  Plus, the menu is really extensive and they have calzones, pasta, wraps, wings, etc.  But be aware that their marinara sauce is not vegetarian, but you can ask for veggie sauce.
4	Pretty solid place overall & bonus points for being down the street from the house!  I still prefer Hawthorne's, but that's beside the point.  Whenever the pizza craving strikes, Paventi's has become our go-to spot when we don't want to make the trek to H's and our palettes just can't stomache the likes of Pizza Hut or Papa John's.  They do have true NY style pies (good thing since the owners are from NY, right?!).  It has more of a Brooklyn or Lower East Side feel to me.  The crust is nice, kind of a cross between hand-tossed and thin 'n crispy.  The outer edges are every so slightly chewy, which I kinda like. Huge, foldable slices.  We usually end up getting their big-a** 20 inch build your own, and the only negative thing I can say is that the center tends to get a bit soggy, and therefore floppy.  Still yummy though.  Their pepperoni has a nice bold flavor that doesn't require a ton'a meat to cover the pizza to get a lotta flavor (at first a "reg" pepperoni looks kinda stingy, but then you taste it & you "see" it really isn't).  I've never seen a lot of "in house" business, meaning there aren't usually many people dining in, so I assume most of their business is delivery and/or carry-out.  They do have ample seating inside and a few tables outside as well.Staff overall is friendly, but a few of the female employees (wives perhaps?) are at times kinda sketchy when it comes to attitude.  I love my New Yorkers so it doesn't bother me much, but it can be a tad off-putting to others (even me if I'm in the 'right' mood), what with some of their off handed comments & such.  Nothing major really, don't get me wrong, just the kinda things that should be kept between people that "get" you.Pricing is pretty average as well, if not slightly less.  The 20" BYO cheese that we get is $16 (ok, $15.99) & toppings are $3 each (that can add up quickly, but it IS a huge pie).  One thing I don't care for though (which in the grand scheme'a things isn't a huge deal), is they charge full price for  1/2 toppings.  More of a nuisance than anything - they could charge the $1.75 they charge for a 16" pie.  Just a thought.  I know, I know...I'm picky!!Like I said at the start, overall a solid place for an honest NY-style pie, and a good break from the oh-so-normal pizza hut or papa johns.  No, not $10, but you do get what you pay for! :)
4	We regularly order from these guys, and have always gotten tasty food with generous portions.  They deliver, which is a major plus.  Pizza is good, but I really like the subs and calzones.  They also have good lunch specials, and my wife is a fan of the gyros (I'm not, it's frozen gyro meat.)
4	I ordered delivery from Paventi's for the first time and I definitely will again. The person who took my order was very friendly and helpful and the delivery person was genuine and also very friendly. When I told him it was my first time ordering from them he gave me his personal guarantee that I would love it and I did. The toppings were fresh and delicious!
5	Now Called Venti's...Mmmmm. This is Pizza that you can sink your teeth into.  Crispy crust, fresh toppings, delicioso pepperoni.  Its everything a late-night pizza craving deserves.By the way, in late 2010 this place went under a change of management.  The new owners bring refreshing energy and passion to the place (and the food).  And in 2011, they changed the name to Venti's.  Same great menu, but lots more love.
