3	For a place that promotes "glasses in about an hour," getting contacts was a hugely different experience. It took two weeks to pick up my order. The service was nice, but I thought I was going to be able to kill two birds with one stone and get my new prescription's glasses and contacts around the same time. Wrong. I think I will go back to my usual ophthalmologist and get them either then and there or not long after my appointment.
1	First off let me just tell you I am accident prone. I sprayed Dry Shampoo into my eye. My normal eye doctor is not opened on the weekend and my eye was really bothering me. I have been to the Lenscrafters eye doc once before so I thought I could run in there for a quick exam and some eye drops for my eye. I go in there and there was a big nasty sign saying to basically to take a seat. finially 10 min later the receptionist appeared and asked if I needed help. Told her my issue and she rudely told me all of these people had appointments and I will need to wait a long time. I would be better off going to urgent care. I told her I would wait. Then she asked about my insurance. I told her I had eye insurance and she got really defensive and said oh no you cann;t use that we have to use your medical. Who is your medical. I told her. Then she said they were out of network and I would be better off going to urgent care. I left didn;t go to urgent care and waited til monday and went to see my eye doctor. No issues there. they just didn;t want me as a customer. and this conversation was very loud on her part with no privacy. she practiacly yelled eye infection. I was so embaresed all I did was spray some eye prod in my eye and I felt like I was contagious. not so.
1	Dr Miller is the worst doctor I have ever going to my entire life such an arrogant prick it's ridiculous. On the day of my appointment they did not have contact lenses fit my prescription and they told me they would call me back when the contacts came in.  I waited three weeks and not a single call.  I finally had to go into the office Saturday and sit and wait for them to finally meet with me to give me the trial pair of contacts that Dr. Miller said may  or may not working but he is no idea.
3	I enjoy everything but their prices.   Their contacts are 100% higher than the exact same contacts at walgreens or other retailers.   Even after a $25 off coupon on 2 boxes of Acuvue2 lenses, LensCrafters was $8 PER BOX more expensive than walgreens.com.  But it is so easy to use my insurance benefits with LensCrafters that I just continue to basically get ripped off.  I guess the added cost outweighs the hassle of submitting paperwork for reimbursement.
1	I went to the LensCrafters at Northlake Mall for an eye exam so I could get a new set of glasses. I get a new pair every 5 years or so, and I've only lived in Charlotte for a few years. I originally was going to try to go to a private practice eye doctor but LensCrafters has appointments on the weekend. I chose them out of convenience and I now regret that.The eye doctor that I saw was Dr. Do. I have almost nothing positive to say about my experience here. I have a very hard time keeping my eye open for the eye pressure test. The technician couldn't get a reading on one of my eyes so Dr. Do had to help. It was very clear by her body language that she was annoyed with me. During the rest of my appointment, she did not make eye contact when she talked to me. She wasn't friendly at all. The whole thing was just uncomfortable and I couldn't wait for my appointment to be over. I really hope she was just having a bad day because all I could think was that someone with her demeanor/personality should not be any sort of medical care provider.Here is the part of my exam that bothered me the most. I asked her for my pupillary distance and she seemed bothered by this. She gave me a number but immediately told me that her equipment was not accurate and that I would need to find out the accurate number when I ordered my glasses next door at the LensCrafters store. I was bothered by this because I wanted my PD so I could try order a pair of glasses online. I guess they don't like people doing this. However, I paid the full price for an eye exam out of my own pocket... it is well within my right as a patient to get an accurate reading during my exam and purchase glasses wherever I choose.Something laughable about the whole thing is that they automatically made an appointment for next year for me. Um no, I will definitely never be coming back here.As for the LensCrafters store... I did go there and found a pair of glasses that I really liked. Their customer service was great. However, even with their "50% off" sale, the frames + lenses were over $300. I don't have vision insurance and this was too much for me. I ended up getting a pair of name brand glasses from Costco for $120. They also gave me my PD, and I ordered 2 more pair of glasses online for $40 each. If you don't mind the cost then the LensCrafter store seems like a great place to buy glasses. But I definitely would NOT recommend getting an eye exam there.
