2	Only because it was next door to my hotel, and never, never again!Call me bloomin' Idiot!
3	I find this location to be comfortable and the staff to be friendly. It is a safe bet in a town where finding a decent steak is surprisingly hard.
4	I usually order the Chicken on the Barbie (my regular)They make it just right. Juicy and not dry, or overburnt.The sweet potato fries are usually excellent.Honeyglazed w/ a very slight taste of salt.better than the ones at FEZ imo.Keep in mind it depends on the customer's taste of what is good : )I usually get good service when I'm here. I am seated quickly and the servers are prompt.
3	Solid 3.5 stars....We were hosting a meeting at our facility near MetroCenter and wanted to have an dinner with some of our coworkers in from out of town.  Our first choice Pappadeauxs was booked and couldn't get us a seat until close to 8pm (on a Tuesday...of course they are running their AYCE Lobster on Tuesdays right now).  Our second choice TGIFridays next door I was told closed down so it was up the road to Outback.  There were 9 of us and they handled us pretty easily even though I believe our server was pretty new to the game.  When I go to any Outback [I travel a lot and Outbacks are pretty consistant] I usually stick to just about the same things, either the Outback rack (rack of lamb cooked medium rare ) or their 6oz Outback Sirloin (prepared rare+).  On this trip it was the Sirloin, a baked potato and thier wedge salad.  The sirloin was thick and seared nicely and perfectly rare on the interior, the potato dressed perfectly as was the wedge salad.   I have no complaints about my meal or experience whatsoever.  My favorite part was their house Gold Coast Margarita for $3.50.
4	I don't know why soo many low ratings for Outback.  I guess too many steak snobs! Its not Mortons but at 1/5th the price its just great.   Great service for a chain restaurant, great for family get togethers or a upscale after work meeting.  Service is always great.
5	This Outback Location is absolutely on top of everything.  From the moment you walk in, the place is so clean. The service is always excellent.  I was there yesterday and was just so amazed at how attentive the wait staff was.  The Manager, I believe his name is Jim, is always at the Restaurant.  Numerous times he has come up our table and made sure our meal was excellent.  Yesterday, my friend didn't like the tea he ordered, the waiter could tell from a distance and came right over and asked if there was a different drink he could get him.  Now I am the first one to be critical of an establishment but this place definitely deserves 5 stars.  They go above and beyond in every aspect.  I live in Far West Valley but it is worth the drive to go to this location.
5	Wow, this is the nicest Outback i have ever been to. We came in for a late lunch. I cannot remember our servers name but, he was great.  Wine is only 2.95 a glass all the time and it is fantastic!                                  My friend and i got the soup and salad (all you can eat) and it was only 5.99. There are a few different salads to choose from and a few different soups. Really good on all levels.       Had no idea how cool this place was, decorated very nicely and the bathrooms were nice and clean as well. We actually cannot wait to go back there. I highly recommend!!
3	I've only tried Outback once, years ago, but the other day they ran a commercial on TV saying the first million people to log onto their site right now get a free steak dinner, so I ran over to the computer & grabbed one!  This location is nice inside, about what you would expect of a casual steakhouse, & I landed a comfortable booth.  My free "dinner" consisted of a 6 oz. Sirloin, a choice of one side, & bread.Soon, my bread arrived, a warm little loaf of brown bread with whipped butter (?), & it was good.  The steak & side came along in a little while.  Unfortunately, my steak arrived medium rare, when I had ordered medium.  With that, it was somewhat stringy & tough.My side choice was a baked potato.  It came with sour cream, butter (?), chives, bacon bits, & shredded cheese.  It was excellent!With the steak cooked wrong & not tender, I would have given these guys 2 Stars, but they did honor the "free", & since the other items, the atmosphere, & the service were good, I'll say they eeked out 3.6oz. Sirloin Steak with one side plus bread, Lunch reg. $8.99.  Dinner $9.99 gets an additional item.
4	Came back today to this only Outback in the Valley that serves lunch Monday through Thursday, to give them another try.  This time I ordered the same thing as last time, the 6 oz. lunch sirloin & a baked potato.  As before, they first bring you a little loaf of warm dark brown bread & whipped butter (?) right away, to hold you over.  Nice!The reason for this update is that this time I ordered my steak SEARED instead of WOOD FIRED.  You would think wood fired is better, right?  Nope, not here!  Not only did they get the doneness right this time (Medium), but the steak was WAY better than the wood fired one I had before.  This little guy was tender & juicy & tasted like a more expensive cut.  In fact, it was probably the best sirloin steak I have ever eaten!  The baked potato came not only with sour cream & butter (?), but also chives, cheese & bacon.  It was killer!  All that plus the comfortable booth seating, proper lighting & temperature & good service had Outback here nipping at 5 Stars this time.  It won't be long before I come back!     :-))Lunch 6oz. Sirloin Steak with one side plus bread, $8.99.PS:  Yes, there's a TV, but it faces the bar & I didn't hear it at all.  Good rock music played over the PA system at reasonable volume & wasn't annoying.
4	I'm on a Outback kick.  I can't help it.  We ended up here one evening by chance and I love their steak and loaded mashed potato.  The service is good, the food is good, it's not too crowded.  Like I say, I'm on a kick.
4	This location is open for lunch and what great specials they have.  I love their ranch salad so i get the half prime rib dip sandwich and salad for $10.  The bread is always hot and fresh while you wait for your meal.  I used to go to outback all the time for dinner since their steaks are a pretty good value and always consistent.  The atmosphere is always nice and service is always good.
4	Love this new 11.99 deal for 3 course steak meal.  I have been to this location a few times and tonight the service was excellent as it always is, the steak was not as great as last time - it's hit or miss.  My husband got the Alice Chicken - always he loves it and always it has been cooked properly  Here's a tip, next time you get a perfect steak, ask your server who made it so you can check if the cook you like is on shift the day you want to return.  Anyways - it had been a long time since I had a bloomin onion so we got one - not sure if it was always as salty or this was an exception - either way - after we stopped scarfing (we were very hungry when we arrived) i mentioned the saltiness - my husband agreed - we left 75% and still they offered to take it off the bill or exchange it for something else - so we got a piece of cheesecake to go for later.The service was fast - our waitress was pleasant and went the extra step to put a candle in our apple cinnamon beignet & ala mode. Overall I am always happy with the great service and how they handle if something goes wrong with the food.
5	Best pork ribs in town.
4	A friend took me to dinner for my birthday at this location this week.The food was great.  I rarely eat ribs, but think they have some of the best here.  The meat falls of the bone.  The sauce is just about right, tangy but not to strong.  A plus to the bartender as well, he knows how to mix a good ginger ale.I want to recommend Rachel,our server, to anyone who goes to this location.  Here is a young woman who really knows how to do her job.  The service she provides is acceptable in every way so I can't complain.  She also did something very special that proves she really listens to her customers when she does her job.My friend I went to dinner with is 91 with Alzheimer's.  With this illness, this could be our last time she gets to celebrate my birthday with me so it really was important to me that things went well.  She let Rachael know that for my birthday she wanted a cake served with a candle.  I tried to explain to my friend, Norma, that they didn't do that at this restaurant which I know disappointed her but what could I say.  After finishing a full rack of ribs,  I could use the excuse that I was to full to have a desert so could get around the cake and candle situation.  At this point Rachael asked me if I was ready for my birthday desert and expressed that she thought I'd really enjoy it and she gave Norma a big smile so I said fine.  I couldn't believe it when she came out with a scoop of ice cream with a candle in it.  This delighted Norma and touched my heart as Norma sang Happy Birthday" to me.  This is service ask for Rachael!  She get's five stars!There is only one thing I could suggest that would improve my experience at Outback.  I think the bring out the entree a bit sooner than I would like after the salad is served.  A little more time in between would be nice.
5	Omgosh. It has been a while since I came to this location. It has been remodeled and the ambience when you walk in the door is amazing. The waiting area is like a lounge space in a club or bar. The upgraded bar is almost swanky. As far as the food, I always rely on old faithful. Medium wings and a 1/2 order of Aussie fries. You can't go wrong. They did have a special for a 3 course steak meal for 11.99. I just took a sip of my Wallaby Darned drink, frozen daiquiri peach flavored and it was only 4 bucks.Yummy.
2	Outback Steakhouse is alright.  They have good salads.  That's about all I can say.Their prices are decent if you just want the basic steak meal.Overall, Meh.  I've experienced better.
5	Visited with my mother (who rarely goes out to eat) for my birthday dinner. We were greeted by an older gentleman at the door who appeared to be a manager of some sort. Nice entrance coming in plus they definitely upgraded and remodeled since the last time I visited. We were seated by another women and our server Jessie came out to get us some drinks and bread. Ordered the special with the steak and garlic mashed potatoes. Not only was it perfect, but the chef also brought it out to us. (Other guests were having this happen as well, it may be a new thing they are doing). My mom had the fish sampler, she was RAVING about how great it was along with the shrimp. She just loved it. The lighting inside is a bit more cozy and the atmosphere was calm and inviting overall. Our server was prompt and kind and she was great. The management clearly has changed at this location, the last time I was there all the people working there were in their mid-20s and the hostess was maybe 18-19. The management and staff were noticeably older and more mature, even the server next to our table in training was a bit more calm and in his mid-30s. This is an attempt by the ownership/management to appear to a different crowd in my opinion. I found it refreshing to be honest. If I was young and hip, maybe Buffalo Wild Wings would be better, but for dinner this was nice to me. Staff was great, food was excellent, I would totally recommend this Outback location to anyone. My mother, who is not easily impressed, absolutely LOVED the food and staff. She already has planned for us to go again someday, which she NEVER does normally. That spoke volumes to me. I look forward to coming back soon!
5	Its been years since Ive been to an Outback and I was so pleasantly surprised how wonderful everything was this evening. My boyfriend and I both got the 4 courses for $15 which is a screaming deal for the amount of food you get! The french onion soup was a $1 up charge but totally worth it. We asked for our steaks medium rare, unaware of how thick an outback special would be. They came more rare than medium rare so I did what I absolutely hate to do, I sent it back. Our server Christopher was so nice about it and seemed more interested in making sure we were actually enjoying our evening. The manager stopped by to apologize (even though it was no one's fault but my own) and told me the steaks would be up in a minute or two. We were so full so Christopher boxed up our desserts for us to go. ALSO! I ordered the skinny rita which was also amazing! very light and refreshing. perfect to start before a 4 course dinner! We will be back because of the food, management, and our awesome server Chris!
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT LUNCH!  = = = = = =It's been a while since I was here, so I dropped in today for lunch & went for the "All You Can Eat Soup & Salad" thing.So I landed in my usual, very comfortable booth and my (same as both visits before) Server Marguerite brought me a little loaf of warm brown bread, a bread knife, & a little cup of whipped butter.  It was a great start!*  For SOUP I started with their Chicken Tortilla.  Pretty soon a good sized serving of it arrived in a wide, shallow bowl & it was delicious!*  For SALAD I went with a regular house salad, & she brought me a generous cup of extra Ranch Dressing, as requested.  The salad was large with lots of goodies in it, & the dressing rich & flavorful.*  I didn't really need any "seconds", but I'm a pig, so I went with a bowl of Cream of Brocolli soup.  More of everything was generously offered, by the way.*  As noted before, they play a really good medium rock sat station at mid volume here, & the music goes fine with the place.It's a HIGH 4-Stars for this EXCELLENT LUNCH & it was a super value too, at only $5.98!     :-))
4	Request Ryan to make your salad....if you want the best of any Outback.  Great staff at this location.This is a great place and you will be very happy you stopped here.
4	Above average location. Staff was friendly and attentive, food was solid and cooked as ordered. No wait when we arrived. Their 4 for $15 menu is great! Soup, Salad, Entree and dessert all for fifteen bucks is a DEAL! :O)
4	Me and my wife were in Phoenix for a couple of days, and wanted to have steak. Having heard about outback and their consistent steaks, we decided to give it a try. We started with their specials - crab stuffed mushrooms which were dripping with butter but were delicious. They came out within a few mins of ordering. For main course my wife had the fillet steak and I ordered the ribeye classic style. Our salads came out pretty fast and even before we had finished the steaks were on our table. A bit too hurried for my liking. The steaks were cooked pretty well, especially the fillet. The ribeye was medium rare instead of the medium well, and you could see that it wasn't a very high quality cut. Overall it was a decent steak dinner for the price.
2	Not a good experience!  My takeout took too long and they got the order wrong!I was hoping to pick up a quick takeout so ordered from the hostess and waited. The restaurant was practically empty so expected a short wait.  But after 20 minutes I asked about my order. She came back with it--said it had been bagged and ready to go, but the kitchen didn't know who it belonged to. Huh? How often do they have takeouts?At home with my order I find that one salad has no topping at all--just lettuce. So I call and talk to the manager who answered the phone. He gave me various excuses, like the toppings are not plentiful so maybe that's why I'm not seeing them. Ridiculous!  One salad was obviously topped and one was not. It took awhile to get this thru to him. And why had my order been sitting awhile? No answer to that one.No sorry for the inconvenience from him. Manager did offer me another salad though. Supposedly next time I visit Outback will give me a free salad. Not good customer service. Outback needs to wake up!
5	Went in for soup and salad. Best potato soup and love their salad. My wife and I go almost every Thursday and the service is always spot on. Great for a quick and cheap lunch. Will be going back again.
2	We had a horrible experience several weeks ago.  I ordered 14-ounce Rib Eye dinner.... what I got what looked just like my dinner companion's steak in the 8-oz sirloin/(shrimp) dinner. A 14-oz Rib Eye is obviously a good-size steak. They tried to say it just shrunk.  The second Rib Eye was not much better perhaps 10-11-oz. But the worst part was that the second steak was so grizzly that it was mostly inedible. I actually took pictures of it just in case Outback HQ was interested. No reply from email to their customer service. What a disgrace all the way around. I have eaten at Outback Steakhouses all over the US on business for many, many years.... Lately, they have gone progressively "down hill" in quality and service.  This particular place was empty on a Saturday night... always a good sign to stay away.While the manager did remove the charge from our bill, the dinner was a bad experience. I can only guess that Outback provides the quality of meat from their corporate level.  We ended up buying nice steaks from a local market the next day and cooking them ourselves at home.If we wish to have road-kill we can certainly find lots of cheap horrible cuts of steak in the local discount stores.Outback should be ashamed.Be warned....
4	We came in for dinner Tuesday. Our server new but he did a great job. We started out with the mushrooms off the bar menu which are always amazing, my bf ordered steak and lobster. Being from Maine he's very picky and unfortunately this lobster didn't meet his standards. Oddly enough he blamed the majority of the problem on the butter. He wouldn't order the lobster again but he would definitely order the filet, it was cooked perfectly. I wasn't super hungry so I only ordered a baked potato and some mixed veggies. I appreciate they don't drown the veggies in butter.
5	Stopped in on the way out of Phoenix.  everything was great.  Food was excellent and came out in a timely fashion.  scott, our waiter, was amazing - very attentive.  restaurant was very clean.
5	Great customer service!  Sat at the bar and was greeting immediately and had drink within a min or two.  Bartenders (Tiffany & Melanie) were very friendly and welcoming!  Food was excellent but the service was OUTSTANDING! Will be back!!
5	Come here almost every weekend. Always good to fair service. Everytime has been a great experience. Food is always fast and cooked properly. They always strive to make your meal one to remember and to keep you coming back!  Any errors they will correct with no questions. I ordered the seared ahi this time and the order came out looking like a half order. The waitress had the manager bring out another free order that was double in size. Not expected and I even told her it was unnecessary but they insisted.
4	Every time we go to Outback I forget how much I like it. I usually order some seafood dish or if I am in a steak mood, steak! The blooming onion is seriously the best! Ah such a good cheat food with the sauce. Yummy. The staff is hit or miss. Sometimes here they are friendly, sometimes so-so. We came on Christmas Eve as well and it was still pretty busy.
3	I only eat at Outback maybe once or twice a year, but have to admit I've never had a bad meal.  I had a ribeye with broccoli and mushrooms.  Cooked perfect (medium) with a lot of flavor.  Veggies were very good as well.  Might be tempted to give it a 4 (it was a good steak) but the service was so-so.  Sat at the bar, and the two female bartenders seemed to be in a bit of a spat (or at least one had an attitude with the other).  The grumpy one got mad and slammed a glass and broke it, and the other one cut her hand cleaning it up.  Not what I want to see during dinner.
2	Sitting in the first booth near the entry way and two guys stood over my head talking and clapping while waiting for their seat. We told or server and she got the manager. He told us that he had to accommodate all his guests. I won't come back
4	I usually get the sirloin,  but the fish dishes aren't bad either.  Steak is always nicely cooked,  along with the delicious side dishes.  Desserts are delicious, save some room for them. The tally nice thing is that they are consistent!
4	For the price, Outback is really hard to beat.  At lunch, the endless salads and soups are great.  The Bloomin' Onion is always a favorite. I am not going to kid anyone, the steak is just average, but they won't kill you for $29 or more.  I have to say, the service here was really great!!!!
3	Steak was about average.  Pecan salad tasted chemically and not worth the dollar up charge.  Sweet potato was mushy.  I asked for just butter not the extra stuff.  She brought out butter and said, "I put the cinnamon in thought you would like it."  So it was so so.
3	I have come to this location for lunch a few times. Nothing really snazzy about it. Just know that if you only have an hour to spare, make sure they know this and also ask for the check as soon as your food arrives as it makes things so much easier and quicker. Food is good ( try the endless soup and salad as its cheap and tasty, especially the tortilla soup)
4	Food was good, what you know you will get at Outback, but Bambi our waitress was one of the best servers I have had!!! She was absolutely wonderful!
4	I always get the prime rib cut to order. My cut is always 26oz lol. The prime rib is always cooked to perfection. The wedge salad is usually my side but I do ask them to leave off the balsamic....as I don't like the taste and would rather have extra blue cheese. The service is always pretty good and they have never given me a reason not to return but rather give me several reasons to return.
2	I usually go to the outback on 56th and and bell which my bf and I love.This particular location won't be getting our business again unfortunately.The service was extremely slow. We waited 20+ minutes for drinks and an appetizer and then another 20 minutes for our food.My bf got steak and I got chicken. He asked for medium, and it came out so rare that I could practically hear it still mooing. They took it back for him and brought out another which was cooked properly but by then he wasn't hungry anymore.My chicken had the absolute worst taste like it was old expired chicken that they cooked. I took 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore. I didn't send it back because I didn't want to be "that couple" who keeps sending food back. I gave this location 2 stars because our waitress was very nice and also because they comped our appetizer for having a bad experience. Based on how slow it was and how bad the food was, I would have only given it 1 star (which I HATE doing) Hopefully no one else has the same experience as us!
4	The waiter did an excellent job explaining the different cuts of meat. The staff was well educated about the product they were selling. I would have loved to see a better variety for non steak lovers. I had the salmon and it was not seasoned.
1	Went on Tuesday and got food poisoning later that night. Had the sirloin n shrimp. I am so exhausted from all the vomiting.  Never will go back.
