3	Kind of a hike to get here, and a little hidden, but a pretty adorable place with some great finds. If I had more rooms to decorate or was in the middle of buying a new place right now I'd so be all over this. Hell, there was even a hot pink petticoat. The owner was so nice and even makes and refinishes her own vintage jewelry. I ended up walking out with two necklaces, one of which was made of real pink pearls.
3	Good shabby finds - some original and a lot of old furniture painted white to look shabby. This place is hit or miss for me... sometimes it almost looks a little too new for my liking and the pricing seems to keep going up.
5	Love this store!  Very fun found items and love the new addition!
3	-Beautiful home decor store for Romantic or Shabby distressed style treasures. There were some jewelry and clothing pieces too.-Friendly service.-Many lovely things to look at downstairs, upstairs, and in another room addition to the right as you walk into the store.-There is an area of Glam and Glitz - chandeliers, damasks, black & white, black & pink, Audrey Hepburn, Marilyn Monroe, beautiful pieces that have been merchandised so nicely...so pretty to look at!-Cute restroom.-Prices were very expensive and high. If things were more reasonable, I probably would had made a purchase and would had bought several things...-Parking is convenient.
5	I can't get enough of this place. Every time I go in I leave this place with dozens of treasures. This place has a mix of antique and vintage furniture and decorative finds. The prices are VERY reasonable. There are lots of discounts. Every time I go in there is something different. The employees are super sweet and helpful.
5	This shop is one of the hidden gems of the phoenix metropolitan area. I am in interior design and I have been very impressed with their selection of vintage and antique finds. The owners are very friendly and helpful.  The prices are very reasonable and often negotiable.  I am so excited about the upcoming Sweet Salvage event. This shop has a large variety of items which fit the shabby chic style. I have found so many incredible items here such as, furniture, home accessories and jewelry. I have found many near identical, vintage replica items for sale at other shops for triple the price. Every time I come here I find something special. I can't imagine a better place for finding unique vintage home decor.
