5	This was the most amazing (and authentic) Ice Cream Parlor I have ever been too.  Really, it gets the biggest points for being authentic.  The decor is old-school 1920s style: wood paneled booths, old telephone cubbies, a beautiful marble ice cream bar, and bar stools with the seats shaped like soda caps.  The walls are lined with glass drug store display cases - now filled with an assortment of glass ware and interesting ice cream parlor related paraphernalia. I heard about Klavon's first while watching a WQED special on the strip district.  When the special was filmed, the second generation of owners (the son and wife of the founders) had recently passed away. The parlor stayed closed for a few years according to my fiance. So when I decided after the hot summer day that scorched Pittsburgh yesterday meant an ice cream run, the fiance immediately had me check the hours for Klavon's. I was greatly surprised to find out that their summer hours go till 9:00pm on Sundays! YAY - we had enough time to get there and enjoy the ice cream.The place was packed with I would guess around 20 to 30 people awaiting or enjoying their ice cream. The ops are so efficient it didn't take long for them to whip up an extremely DELICIOUS Sunday called the "Chocolate Delight." So for atmosphere, service, and a AMAZING ice cream sunday - check out Klavon's!!
5	This place is a MUST!  I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore but visit often throughout the year and go often when I'm in town.  I'm a native Pittsburgher and I didn't even know about them until well after college.  Now I'm hooked.  They have a penny candy section!  Remember the penny candy stores that used to dot Pittsburgh's neighborhoods??? I hadn't thought of those in years until I stepped into Klavon's.  It does that to you, it takes you back. You'll understand what I mean the minute you're there.  The owners and the people who work there are SO WONDERFUL you'll want to go back and back.The ice cream is delicious and they have the best homemade (? I think) whipped cream.  I often get amaretto and it is scrumptious.  You can have jimmies, sprinkles, caramel, nuts, etc.  The atmosphere will kill you, and the story behind the place is really interesting.  Look it up or have them tell you.  It is authentic old Pittsburgh.  You won't be disappointed if you go here.  It's an experience and a wonderful one.  I can't say enough positive things about it.They have a small parking lot behind the building.  It's not that far away from the lively part of the Strip District.  A nice afternoon would be shopping for produce down the street and walking up to Klavon's for a treat.
5	awesome!the shakes. and ice cream. and candy. and food. and the decor!
5	I first heard about this place (or saw it) on one of the Rick Sebak WQED documentaries about Pittsburgh (which btw you should watch them ALL - they are fantastic).  In the program the place was old and run down and waiting to be remodeled.  He then did an update to that doc in which it wa reopened.  When I saw this I had to go.This place it amazing.  The only classic soda fountain ice cream shop I know of.  It is soooo cool.  Classic style soda fountain, vintage hard to find candy.  The decor is just great.I totally admire the owner for getting this place together and reopening it.
3	the ice cream is pretty good.  not crazy about the set up in here and it's somewhat confusing ordering from the counter.  the single dip cone is around $2.50, double is in the $3.50 neighborhood.  they do give a good amount of icecream and the milkshakes here are thick and good.  just not crazy about the atmosphere here.  it's difficult.
4	This ice cream parlor isn't just "vintage" -- it's the real deal.Klavon's originally opened in the 1920's, closed in the 1970's for 20 years, and then re-opened in 1999 by a family member.  Many original details remain, including the marble soda fountain counter and the amazing stained glass windows in the front of the building.The ice cream flavors are pretty standard.  It's a little bit off the beaten path, but definitely worth making a trip for a fun treat and a peek back in time.
5	I stopped in at Klavon's last weekend for the first time. I stopped in around 8pm, and even though it seemed like the neighborhood was deserted, Klavon's was packed! Very popular spot!  If you are on the Strip in PGH, you have to check this place out. Taking a step into Klavon's is like taking a step back in time. This place was originally an old drugstore/ soda fountain from the 1920's. The inside is all original complete with 3 old telephone booths, stained glass windows, beautiful counter top, fancy chrome soda fountains, and several glass display cases displaying items from times past! Stop in here for a quick lunch and a shake or an ice cream cone.. or share a $20 Super Bowl Sundae with friends.. if you dare! ;)
4	Why do people head to Klavon's?  Walking through the door is like walking through a time portal to a simpler time when people were less rushed and people were more chill.Klavon's used to be a drugstore and the original owner used to be a pharmacist first with the soda fountain as an aside.  The store was closed for 20 years until the current owners, grandkids of the original Klavon decided to reopen it in honor of their dad and grandpa.As for their menu, they have all the standards you would expect of an old school ice cream parlor with milk shakes, sundaes, soda floats, as well as just basic ice cream.Be sure to bring cash, because even though they take debit, there's a service fee to use it.
5	We just happened to wander in after an afternoon of exploring Pittsburgh.  What a gem!  What a lucky place to stumble in!Klavon's was a drugstore/soda fountain in the early 1900s.  All the original counters, glass cases filled with old bottles, stools, and mixers are still there.  We had the turtle sundae with amaretto whipped cream, which was amazing.  I can't wait to come back and try their phosphates and egg creams!  It was like stepping into a time machine. You can tell this place is beloved by locals; several elderly couples, families with children, and single people with dogs on leash came by for cones, sundaes, and floats on the beautiful sunny day.  The grandson of the original owners was chatting with customers, and the place had a really special vibe.You almost never see places like this anymore - if you're in Pittsburgh, don't miss it!
4	The ice cream here--the cones, the sundaes, splits, milkshakes, ice cream soda floats--is good but not extraordinary.  You won't find exotic or trendy flavors here, but the good ol' standbys.  What makes Klavon's a place to visit is its atmosphere.I feel like I should walk into this place wearing bobby socks and a poodle skirt (my sense of history is flawed, as this is a 1920s ice cream parlor), with some dude in a letterman jacket.  But I felt just as welcome in my Summer 2010 duds.  My friend and I sat on stools right by the counter and enjoyed looking all around as we ate (Chocolate Delight sundae--with chocolate whipped cream!--for me, and an orange soda ice cream float for her).  Sometimes I feel awkward taking photos inside eateries, but felt comfortable here as I snapped pictures of the old school phone booths (just decorative) and the glass cases filled with relics.  This also seems like a good place to check out if you want some old-timey candy that's otherwise hard to find.
5	Lots of history at this place.  Once a drug store, now an ice cream parlor.  Be sure to read the interesting story of this place, and check out the flood line when you visit.  You can also sign their guest book while you're there.The guys working here were extremely nice.  They were very patient while I perused their extensive menu.  They offer all sorts of ice cream creations such as floats, sundaes, splits, and milkshakes.  They even offer no sugar added and lactose-free options as well as flavored whipped cream.  In the end I decided on a single scoop of ice cream in a cone - how boring.
5	4 stars for the ice cream.... 5 stars for the experience.Booths, tables, counter with stools... plenty of seating in this old time ice cream parlor filled with history run by the family of the grand parents who first opened the place as a pharmacy in 1923.Personable service with a dash of humor.They serve Hershey's Ice Cream which has been operating out of Harrisbugh since 1926 (and has nothing to do with the Chocolate Company).Hershey's Ice Cream has a smooth creamy texture with good flavor.  Nice place to visit when in the strip district.
4	Squeezing in the last summer treats in is tough but trip to Klavon's revealed another Pittsburgh delight.  I can't believe I had never visited before! A Wee Sundae- white house with marshmallow, Amaretto whipped cream and rainbow sprinkles for me.  And a strawberry sundae with pineapple and whipped cream for him.  SO good.  I kinda wanted to throw in the towel and order another but I used will power and resisted the urge.  So we will just have to make a repeat visit! Friendly service makes you feel welcome and relaxed.Oh just an FYI: $1.50 service fee for debit/credit card....
3	We visited on one of the first chilly days near the end of this summer. The place is definitely adorable, with remnants of the old pharmacy against the back wall and a totally nostalgic soda fountain feel. I got a turtle sundae, which was good, not amazing. But good. They have lots of choices for toppings and combinations, and the prices are reasonable. They need to get rid of the moody teenage girl behind the counter though; she kept swearing under her breath, she had chipping polish on her fingernails (health department anyone?) and wore shorts that could only be described as denim underwear. I saw nobody wearing gloves or washing their hands while handling ingredients directly. Other than that the staff seemed nice enough.
5	Awesome place to go on a date. Cheap and super cute.
4	This place is totally a trip, but so charming. Has anyone ever seen the movie 'Nothing But Trouble'? If so, this place was straight out of Valkenvania. Luckily, the ice cream was superb. I got the black cherry frozen yogurt and after one tongue swipe of my cone, I'd forgotten that I'd chosen frozen yogurt as opposed to ice cream. Can't wait to go back...even if it is totally freaky time warp.
5	When I die I hope I come back as an ice cream bowl at Klavon's so I can forever spend my days covered in mint chocolate chip and watching people smile. I don't know...maybe not, but I do love mint chocolate chip and old skool ice cream parlors and Klavon's does both really well. This is a list of things at Klavon's that make me feel like vintage stuff isn't only for grandparents and ice cream isn't just for kids: Amaretto flavored whipped cream, swivel stools with red tops, high backed wooden booths, a man behind the counter with a pure white handlebar mustache, a hammered tin ceiling, and large pecan balls.You can go with chocolate or vanilla, but when I get the chance to have a pecan ball, I'm no idiot, I take it. A pecan ball, my friend, is ice cream rolled in pecans, covered in hot fudge or caramel and then topped with whipped cream. That's all tasty, nutty, fudgy goodness, but if you wake up feeling like painting the town gold and you want something that tastes like it was made for Cleopatra by Mark Antony's own hands, get a scoop of coffee, a scoop of pecan and top it with Amaretto whipped cream: I'm hoping to get this added to the menu under the name "Magic Magic Explosion." They have a picture of Joe Biden posing with the owners; it's taped to the mirror behind the bar and quite adorable. "He was very nice and left $20 for the next little girl in line to buy her ice cream with," the owner told me.  Also, $20 worth of ice cream?! Two scoops only runs five bucks. Joe Biden--excuse me, Mr. Biden--you are a true American hero and I, for one, am happy someone finally realized the importance of children having tons and tons and tons of ice cream. Good show, sir, good show.
5	Worth a visit from across the country. Klavon's recalls about 100 years ago with its true ice cream soda fountain days. It's been in the same family since around the strike of 1900 when it was a drug store and turned into this sometime in the last century. The styling seems to be a better and more true throwback than even Pittsburgh itself. Who would not like this has no soul.I only sampled the hot chocolate and two types of whipped cream, but I give it 5-stars anyways. I feel like this is an intelligent guess. The whipped cream was my favorite of all time, the amaretto whip didn't even strike me as amaretto, it swooned me lightly.
3	Klavon's is what I would imagine a soda/ice cream shop would be back in the 50's. There is a decent sized selection of ice cream flavors and concoctions but there isn't anything that's going to figuratively blow your mind. The interior is charming and has a lot of history -- just ask one of the staff and they'll happily tell you about its background as a drugstore. It also offers a selection of old fashioned candy such as candy cigarettes, taffy, and marshmallow ice cream cones to mention a few. Klavon's is delightful and definitely isn't a bad place to spend a hot day in the summer.
5	There are five reasons why you might want to go to Klavon's.1. You're in the Strip District anyway.2. You're interested in Pittsburgh history.3. You've never experienced an old-time soda fountain before.4. You're looking for some hard-to-find penny candy.5. You want some damn good ice cream.I went for all five reasons, and I wasn't disappointed. Wait. That doesn't express the depths of my enthusiasm for Klavon's. KLAVON'S RULES!!!!!!!!! There, that's better.Let's take it in order. You have lots of dining options in the Strip. Now, Klavon's is a few blocks away from most of the popular places (we were at Salem's, which is also great, but that's another review), but it's easy to walk to and easy to find with all the neon signs.When you walk in to Klavon's, you're taken back in time. Choose a little booth or table, and gaze at the decor. Maybe you'll see an old liniment bottle from back when Klavon's was a drugstore. Maybe you'll notice the high-water mark from the 1936 flood (close to the ceiling!). Maybe you'll see the old penny scale or the phone booths. This is a place where history is celebrated.The menu isn't extensive, but you still have lots of choices. Why not try an old-time phosphate, malted, or egg cream? It was good enough for your great-grandpa; it's good enough for you. I treated myself to a root beer float. It was the best I ever had. The reason? Both the root beer and the ice cream were made locally. On the way out, why not browse the penny candy racks? For a quarter, you can try a bunch of hard-to-find treats.I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that Mr. Klavon, the grandson (I think) of the original owner, still runs the place. A glipse of his epic mustache alone is worth the visit, but he's always willing to give you a tour. Friendly people in friendly Pittsburgh. I can't wait to go back!
5	Klavon's YUMM!!!  Just made the yearly stop to one of the most unique Ice Cream Parlors.  Had a blast with the two nieces.  Klavon's is always so much fun with the little ones.  You MUST go and experience this old time soda fountain ice cream parlor
5	One of my best friends (who's from Butler) brought me here when I first visited Pittsburgh, knowing how much I love nostalgia and history--not to mention coffee (present though not their specialty) and sweets (what an array!).  This place is amazing; our cherry phosphate was other-worldly, as we sat in our booth, taking in the authentic (i.e. original) interior and the family stories that came with it.  The fact that places like this still exist is really refreshing, and made me fall that much more in love with Pittsburgh.
1	"Could have bought it in a store" Hershey ice cream that had the crystal-y signs of freezer burn.  Totally disinterested staff included a girl that was texting when we walked in and shouting into her cell phone when we walked out.  No one gave us a bill and I had to interrupt the person at the cash register to get her to take my money.  Didn't even get a "thanks" with my change.So not worth the walk that we took to get here.
4	Mannnnn, I'd LOVE to get invited out on a date here!I mean, it's perfectly adorable and ever-so-vintage. You've got antique decor (though oddly, they don't feel antique here - it just feels like you've stepped back in time and the whole world is like that), yummy ice cream cones and shakes, candies from yesteryear (with prices to match!), and a friendly staff.I found this place via a LivingSocial coupon, which truly worked since I never would've known about it otherwise. Klavon's is tucked away in a somewhat deserted part of the Strip District, surrounded by abandoned industrial storefronts. I had the chocolate chip cookie dough cone, which in itself was pretty good, though not amazing. The milkshake and old-school candy? Totally awesome! Highly recommend due to the super sweet (no pun intended) step-back-in-time ambiance and homey feel.Now all you need is a hot date and a poodle skirt, right?!
5	Klavon's is a wonderful slice of history.  It's a beautifully preserved old time pharmacy and soda fountain.  Ray Klavon is the owner and the grandson of the original owner, and this soda fountain is an absolute labor of love.There are selections on the menu that you can't find anyplace else...Depression Era Phosphates and also Egg Cremes.  My favorite ice cream dish is the Ballerina...which looks absolutely fabulous and tastes great.I love the old phone booth, the marble counters, and the other small details that indicate this place is the genuine article.I keep going back again and again, and I am always warmly greeted by the staff.  This is an especially nice place to visit by bike.
5	Awesome
5	Just got back from a trip to the Burgh and of course Klavon's!!!Still AWESOME!!!
4	Stepping into Klavon's does give me a feeling of stepping back in time. 1920's?! That's almost over 100 years ago. Maybe that's the good old days where you can find soda fountain together with medications?? The staffs here are just like grandmothers too... Sweet smiling ladies taking our orders while my friend just could not decide what she wanted? Ice Cream Float? Ice Cream Sundae? or that Super Bowl Sundae ($25) that comes with 8 scoops of ice cream plus all the fixings!Here at Klavon's the ice cream selections are more traditional too. You find your good old, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Peanut Butter Fudge.. 15 different ones to choose from. And make sure to request their special flavoured whipped cream!My scoop of Toasted Almond Fudge ($2.80) so nutty and smooth. Klavon's Twenty-Eight Ice Cream Parlor is definitely neat place for a little time out if you are in the area! The experience will put a smile on your face!
4	One step into this place and all of a sudden, its like you've stepped into the 1950s.  Super old school, but quite cool.  The ice cream selection is not very extensive, but it sure does taste great.  Excellent service.  Just an old school kind of place that you'll have to check out.  I recommend the peanut ball ice cream.
5	Absolutely loved this place!!! All the makings of an old school ice cream shop and to top it off, the ice cream is fabulous!!!! The experience and service is excellent!! Can't wait to go back!!!
4	This place is really neat with a lot of history and character. The ice cream is good and the service is great. Ask the workers a little bit about the place and you will find out what I am talking about. If you're in Pittsburgh you need to check this out!
5	Easy 5. Authentic old school ice cream parlor with PSU ice cream ( peachy paterno etc). The ice cream soda was an outstanding ride in the wayback machine.
2	Needs a huge makeover!We were greeted very warmly by one of the ice cream technicians.  Although we did determine that she was a bit over the top by the end of our experience.The parlor looked nothing like the pictures on this website.  The technician was telling us how it was closed and had just reopened.  It had the old time feel of a parlor back in the day but was very empty inside.  The character of the place was great but could use a little TLC.The menu was very small and hard to read and understand.  It was only posted above the counter and the ice cream technician told us to take a seat.  Good thing I am far sighted!  The ice cream technician could only take one order at a time.  She made my guest their ice cream first.  I ordered mine, chocolate, and cried vanilla.  She didn't listen at all.  I didn't return it because we had already been there for about 30 minutes and were running late at this point.I gave them a 2 star instead of 1 because the actual flavor of the ice cream was pretty good, vanilla or chocolate.  I adde strawberries to mine and received the typical strawberry topping.  I figured palace like this would have made their own strawberry topping.The price was outrageous by my standards.  2 sundaes were $12.We would probably try this place again if we were around but not making any special trips.
5	Hands down, this is the best ice cream parlor in Pittsburgh. The ice cream is rich and creamy-- it has a distinct texture from other ice creams places... and it's miles away from store bought ice cream.... yuck. Even the presentation of your dessert is outstanding! The decor is dated. It stands a fine line between the "vintage" feel and just plain old. And it was in a sketchy area. I walked over from Chinatown, and there were no other businesses (or people) around. It's a diamond in the rough type place.
3	I miss the old Klavon's, plain and simple. You felt like you were walking back into time a little before, with the old knickknacks everywhere and the family running the show. The menu also used to be pretty expansive. It wasn't my favorite ice cream ever, but the atmosphere was awesome, so we'd stop in from time to time and embrace the calorie splurge.Unfortunately, with the original family selling the business, the only carryovers seem to the building itself and the name...and that cool milkshake machine. Aside from that, I was so bummed after leaving this last time...like the soul of the business was gone. The menu was very basic, and the employees, while new for the most part, didn't seem to know what they were doing. I'm sure this will improve over time, but unfortunately, I'm not sure how they're going to replace the true competitive advantage that they had over other sweets shops around...atmosphere.The one positive is that the new ice cream, itself, is better than the Hershey's they were selling before the business closed, and it's great that they have accessible hours now. Being open consistently, and later, is a huge bonus. I'm sure we'll return to see how it's doing, but if you're a fan of the old Klavon's, you might be a little disappointed. Hopefully they continue to improve the business and find a way to increase the menu, the employees knowledge and speed, and inject some atmosphere back into this historic establishment. The new owners and workers are super nice so I really hope they succeed.
3	This ice-cream spot is actually a block away from my house. So that explains the frequent visits from time to time. I heard they kept the store the way it was after the new management. The style was definitely old school but I liked it. They served the ice cream behind the bar and the cash register is behind a glass case. They usually take your order when you come up to the bar or sit down at a table. You actually pay AFTER you eat.  This makes the entire process quite troublesome since the store does get filled up easily and you find yourself standing at the cash register waiting for someone to take your money. I will give them some time for the service to improve since they are new and still learning. Besides that, the man that works there (I assume the manager) is always accommodating and offered us cups of water.
2	Klavon's was a miss for my son and me. We came on a Saturday afternoon after walking the strip district. When we entered there were lots of people and and no structure for procedure in ordering. We sat at the bar and waited 5 mins or more to be acknowledged by employees who were making ice cream 24 inches away from us. Literally they kept their heads down and refused to make eye contact. Just when I was about to get up and leave a lady said I'll be with you in a minute thanks for your patience. So I decided to stay and listen to her complain to another employee about a customer who changed her order from cake cone to waffle cone. Maybe that's a thing here in PGH or just the establishments I walk into where employees openly complain about customers in front of other customers.My son only wanted a scoop of ice cream and I had a 1 scoop hot fudge sundae. Some how the total came to $7.38 for that. The ice cream was icy like the kind you would buy in those gallon buckets. Too bad. It's the kind of place that should be a treat not a 2 star review. Oh, the two stars were for the candy selection and old timey feel of the place.
5	What a great place to stop on a beautiful Pittsburgh evening.  Our group of seven were greeted by two helpful and knowledgeable young ladies, Jessica and Courtney to explain all the yummy offerings.  They serve Penn State Creamery ice cream which is rich and creamy.  They offer custom made flavored whipped creams (chocolate, vanilla, pumpkin pie) To top their decadent sundaes and treats.They also offer a variety of "penny" candies and fudge.Whenever we need a sugar rush we will be returning to Klavon's!!
5	I can't believe I never knew about this place! It was a pharmacy back in the 1920's and now is a soda and ice cream place. The soda counter and everything is original, it's almost like stepping back in time!!! There are even the old phone booths ,and ask about the water line from when it was flooded long long ago! The hubby had a peppermint soda with a scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream that was really good, and we had a panini and chili that were also tasty. I hope to go back for more food soon!
4	This place gets a 4 star based on the decor itself. There is nothing like a classic ice cream parlor setting to take you back and provide its own unique experience. The ice cream is nothing special but its the booths and the menus and the pretty decor that really got me.
5	This place is small, quaint, amazing icecream (from PSU creamery), and the staff is great! I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and she was super nice and helpful. She seemed really proud of what she had accomplished, and humble too! I really like this place. They have lunch soup and sandwiches too that were good.
5	Born and raised in Pittsburgh this is a treat. Klavon's uses local businesses so whether you eat ice cream,  sandwiches or buy candy you're supporting the Steel City. I had a panini and a sundae. Both were delicious and the amaretto whipped cream was awesome. The setting has a nice balance between an old fashioned ice cream shop and a new aged cafe.
4	We finally decided to take a trip to Klavon's. Funny- we actually were in such a hurry to get here that we both left without our phones.. which means we'll have to take another trip very soon to take pictures & show off our goodies! ;)The menu consists of different sundaes, floats, splits as well as regular ice cream & treats (i heard one girl order a "Pecan Ball" I've never heard of it, but it looked delish.)Bobby ordered the Amaretto Sundae which comes with... well im not exactly sure so don't quote me. It had death by chocolate ice cream & multiple cherries as well as whip cream. I want to say it also had amaretto sauce but im not sure. I was too busy enjoying mine.I ordered the Turtle Sundae. It had chocolate ice cream, caramel and chocolate sauce & pecans. I got to choose my whip cream (!!!!) I chose chocolate. They also had caramel regular & amaretto whip cream (say whaaa?!) . I think the reason bobby chose his amaretto sundae is for the special whip cream, but i don't remember her asking. No biggie though!  We only ordered the wee size (one scoop of ice cream) but that was more than enough to satisfy us. The service was extremely friendly by the way. We small chatted & she literally read our minds and brought us 2 glasses of water. It was fun sitting at the bar and enjoying our sundaes. Can't wait to head back.
5	Just found this gem.  This is a great place for every ice cream lover.  Great place to hang out with friends or to go on a date.I recommend the sundaes at this place.  This is pure 50's and 60's style that isn't forced.  Staff are very friendly and patient.
5	My 93 year old grandma is an ice cream maven and Klavon's is her definition of heaven.  Our whole family loves going here.  I would give them six stars if I could.  But before my review, a word of warning - their hours on their website are completely inaccurate and not updated so don't go by the website alone.  As of writing this review, their hours are Noon - 8pm daily, I believe.Kudos to the new owners of Klavon's.  The original family sold it about a year ago and the new owners are following right in their footsteps.  The people who work there are still so dang nice.  The place is so down to earth.  The original 1920s decor is still perfectly intact.  (Thanks for not going over the top and making this place cheesey old-timey.)Vibe aside, their food is great.  They now use Penn State Creamery ice cream.  They have a decent sandwich selection.  The prices are really good.
4	I came here about a year ago, right after the place reopened under new management and wasn't sure what to expect, since I'd been here when the original owner, Ray Klavon, was still alive.  I happened to come here on National Ice Cream Day, and who should be there but Mr. McFeely, of Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood fame.  I was sure to get a photo with him, as well as an autograph, before I left.  The autograph is still on my fridge in my apt.Looking at the menu now, I don't recognize the ice cream soda I ordered, but it had vanilla ice cream with cherry syrup.  The flavors were good; however, the ice cream that I received was a bit freezer burnt in places.  When the soda jerk asked me how it was, I told him this, so that he was aware and would hopefully avoid making the next customer's ice cream soda or sundae with freezer burnt ice cream.The decor was similar to how I remember it being when Mr. Klavon was still alive, with the following changes: the scale was gone, and I don't recall the penny candy being there anymore.This is the only place in PGH I know of that serves ice cream sodas.  I recommend it if you're nostalgic for old-fashioned ice cream novelties.  I don't get over to the Strip very often, but I'll have to stop back by there this summer to try it again.
1	I had heard about Klavon's for some time, but never found myself in that area of the Strip.  The day I did, I did not hesitate to enter and taste the ice cream that had such excellent reviews. Firstly I discovered that there was new management. They definitely did not appear happy to see me enter. I was met with hostile stares. I approached and told them I had heard many good things about this store and its wares. No breaking of the ice. I ordered and was given a scoop of ice cream the size of a golf ball for four dollars.  Save your money and time.
3	I've heard about this place and wanted to try their ice cream. I loved the interior of the parlor and I commend the owner for keeping how the previous pharmacy's structure intact. I was pleasantly surprised that they served their ice cream in an actual ice cream glass bowl. The cookies and cream ice cream were okay. I enjoyed Klavon's more for the charm of its store than its ice cream.
4	LOVED it!!! My husband devoured the HOMEMADE chocolate whipped cream on his banana split. He said it tasted like chocolate mousse. I had the turtle sundae with caramel sauce and amaretto whipped cream. Totally decadent! Can't wait to go back!
5	Great ice cream parlor.  Old world charm original soda fountain & counter.  A must see & friendly service.   The Ice cream was awesome. Plenty of toppings on the sundae. Highly recommended.
3	I love old fashioned ice cream sundaes, so I was excited to try this place. It was a very cool restaurant, but the ice cream was not that great. I got the Cookie Monster sundae.
5	Two of us went to Klavon's this past Sunday and we walked in about ten minutes to 12pm...neglecting the CLOSED sign (Not on purpose, though. We had been going and going for a few hours and thought it was like 2pm). There was a toddler's birthday party going on and all of these people were staring at us. We had no idea why though we soon found out. The two people behind the counter were really friendly and went ahead to serve us. I ordered a moose track sundae with marshmallow whip cream while my friend got a malt. Then the young man behind the counter gently informed us they were still closed and others had reserved the space for a birthday party. We looked at each other and scooted on out to the bench outside. Then we laughed and laughed about how we basically crashed a toddler's ice cream birthday party. Whoops! It was still very nice of the two people there to serve us. We definitely appreciated it and the ice cream was beyond amazing! We'll be back...during regular hours, that is. ;)
4	I came back here after the Tar and Feather party at Wigle Whiskey last night with a friend.  I'd been meaning to visit Klavon's again since it'd been a year since I'd last visited, so I suggested it, and my friend, who'd never been before, was game.I usually order a soda or float when I'm here, since this is the only place in PGH I know that makes them.  However, most of the flavors were fruity, and I was in the mood for some chocolate, so I decided to go with a sundae instead.  I ordered a regular sized peanut butter M & M sundae, which the woman serving me (who I assume is the proprietor) described as consisting of two regular sized scoops of ice cream.  It was huge!  The ice cream was vanilla with streaks of peanut butter, and the sundae had warm peanut butter and M & M pieces spooned into it.  The ice cream was very creamy and delicious, and there were no problems with freezer burns this time.  Overall, the sundae was great, if not quite what I was expecting.  Other than the M & M's, it lacked chocolate (I had assumed that the ice cream would be chocolate ice cream with peanut butter swirls), which was disappointing since I was looking for more of a chocolate peanut butter combo.  However, to be fair, this was more of an expectation issue on my part since the description of the sundae didn't say anything about chocolate ice cream or fudge, so I can't blame the proprietor for this.  Word to the wise: If you're seeking more chocolate, you may want to have them add some hot fudge!My friend ordered the orange creamsicle ice cream soda, which consisted of vanilla ice cream and orange soda, and she enjoyed it very much. The only thing slightly amiss with it was that when she first started sipping it, the ice cream shifted, causing the soda to fizz up and overflow the mug. Since I'd been wanting to try this flavor, I asked her if I could have a sip and she obliged.  The flavor was very good, and I'd definitely order it when I return.Service was friendly, if a bit slow.  The current owner has done a great job of maintaining the decor, down to the penny candy (I saw it this time!) and phone booths.  The only thing conspicuously missing is the scale, which I assume the original owner's family kept as a personal keepsake--but this is probably a good thing for dieters who'd rather not be reminded of their indulgence (ahem, cough, cough).  My friend really enjoyed the atmosphere, and said she'll definitely be back soon.  Despite trying to lose weight, I'm sure I will, too!  4.5 stars.
5	It's so cute and vintage here. This place is a gem and I'm happy to have tried it while visiting my sister in Pittsburgh. They don't make places like this anymore.
5	Super Sundae.
3	Ok, so what we have here is an early century gem that is kind of covered by a thick layer of lack of knowledge and interest in history.We stopped in before a two-store 'block party' in the area, and having heard about it for years and never been in, we decided to check it out. Entering was kind of a wonderment initially, scoping out a somewhat back-in-time feel and appearance, with shelves of old style candies and gums for sale, a menu board with a handful of varieties of ice creams, sundaes and other concoctions available for somewhat reasonable prices. And the Terrazzo floors are pristine and gorgeous. The decor is mostly original old soda fountain, with original shelves and display cases, beautiful marble tables and wooden booths, and original snack counter, vintage blenders, etc.I ordered a double espresso and my friend ordered a coffee, and I do have to say kudos for knowing how to properly fill a double shot demitasse. The espresso was a little on the sour side, but good enough for what I expected at an ice cream store.I think that what could make this place fantastic would be eliminating the 'youth' from the employee team, or at least replacing them with folks who had a clue what that era represents, and how to recreate it, or, at the very, VERY least, educating the youth on what it was like, and how to recreate it.When I'm sitting at a vintage marble table, sipping espresso from a demitasse, I'm a bit thrown off by hipster music coming from a Pandora box, and a service staff that looks like they just came to work directly from the Urban charter school, dressed like silly high school kids.I sampled the ice cream, the death by chocolate...and although it tasted 'ok', hearing the story that this old fashioned ice cream parlor bought their ice creams from Penn State Creamery, and did not make their own, well, that was about as 'authentic' as the Necco company candy reproductions being sold to 'look' vintage, but all of which were really just watered down versions of the originals.This place could be so much more than it is, a true destination, if the 'theming' was carried through in a more careful and thoughtful manner. Turn off the hipster tunes, and put on some big band or old fashioned malt shop tunes. Try a nice crisp uniform instead of saggy (or skinny) jeans with a sloppy looking over shirt or T-shirt. What should be a very cool and warm, inviting atmosphere plays off as a little cold and sadly weathered.Create a few more aspects of the true old fashioned malt shop, ice cream parlour and lunch counter, instead of a 'trendy' collection of outside sourced lunch options, and the run of the mill sundae collection, simply renamed to be 'cool'. Throw in a kitchen sink challenge, maybe some home made baked good...It's a very cool little building and spot...with SO much potential. In South Florida is a place called Jaxson's...this place ALWAYS had a line so far out the door that they'd hire a keyboardist to play in the parking lot to keep people entertained while waiting, and they'd pass popcorn out to the waiting line.  They also had the vintage candy shelves, and you could truly find ANYTHING still made. Their ice creams were all made in house, and they would have bells and whistles going off if you ate the whole 'Kitchen Sink', or similar creation. They had a nice simple kitschy line of 'real' meals, to accompany the ice creamTHIS was a 'destination', not just an after thought.  And this is what Klavon's SHOULD strive to be.
5	I love Klavon's. I love Klavon's so much that I've been known to stop in for a tasty treat here even on the chilliest of Pittsburgh winter nights. And it takes some darn good ice cream to get me to overcome my aversion to the cold during that season, let me tell you!Klavon's is one of the oldest places I know of in the area that serves food and dessert. It originally opened in 1923, although there was admittedly 20-year period where it was closed. I bring this up since they reopened in 1999 - but aside from restructuring things a bit for basic functionality purposes, they didn't really renovate or modernize the look of the shop. The result is that it really looks, feels and even smells like you've stepped back into an old ice cream parlor. There are wooden booths and tables, an old counter with iconic revolving stools, even old wooden phone-booths (non-functioning now, of course).But enough about the shop. Let's talk about the food - like the ice cream, which comes from Penn State Creamery. Really, do I need to say anything else? It's delicious! But it gets better - not only does Klavon's serve plain ol' Penn State Creamery ice cream, they also serve sundaes, ice cream sodas, ice cream floats, and splits. All made with Penn State Creamery ice cream. It's heaven right here in Pittsburgh as far as I'm concerned.And even if you're not in a dessert kind of mood, Klavon's is still worth a trip - they also serve paninis, soup, pepperoni rolls, and a couple small kid snacks. Not to mention, they sell a range of candy - some new, some older classics - that you can purchase singularly or in-bulk and take with you. I know this is something my parents absolutely love, as they're fans of some of the candy options.As far as I'm concerned, this place is a historic and tasty Pittsburgh treasure. Definitely be sure to stop in sooner rather than later, cold weather or not!
