2	This review is for the Ear part of NV Eye & Ear. I recently had a tonsillectomy performed by Dr. Scott Manthei. My recovery wasn't flawless, but I believe the procedure Dr. Manthei performed was adequate and in good medical form.  My 2 stars for this place is due to the ridiculous wait times for appointments. Every appointment I've had at this office involves an hour wait time for a 5-10 minute consultation time with the doc. Plus, the nurses always put off a cranky vibe, which adds to the overall headache.  Even though I found myself happy with Dr. Manthei's work, I will try a new office for any future ENT needs.
3	I went to Nevada Eye and Ear for an eye exam.  This was my first time there and I was lucky enough to have an appointment at 1:30pm to it was soon after the office opened back up after lunch.  I filled out the paperwork and then had to sit and wait for about 15 minutes before being called back.  The doctor was nice and efficient but he did not answer all the questions I had asked.  In some ways I felt as though I was being somewhat rushed out.  I did get my prescription though for my glasses and contacts.  I have dealt with the optical side before and they were nice.  Hopefully I will find the same experience for myself but I will say you will have a wait on the optical side.
3	Every single chair in the waiting area is stained  with something. The doctor is awesome though.  Dr. Stratling was very caring and knowledge.
5	I went to see (excuse the pun) Dr. Singh for an evaluation for Lasik.  He was extremely thorough, gentle and really really knolwedable.  He discussed with me the risks and benefits on my case and really answered my questions (I am one of "those" patients)  I am looking forward to getting my surgery on and being able to see clearly!
1	The doctor who I saw was great. The staff doesnt know the Meaning of HIPAA-need I say more?
1	I'm writing this review as I wait to be seen... I have been here since 1:20...it's 3:05.  I have had the pre-screening and watched in horror as the tech wiped the utensils down with dry Kleenex...that just happened. This place is a shit hole, the wait is ridiculous (why did I even need an appointment?? They obviously don't follow a schedule??). Now I sit here trapped between sticking it out and finishing this dirty job (which I'm guessing is going to come with a departing prize of eye herpes) or hightailing it out of here...Bottom line - don't make my mistake, go somewhere else.
2	Dr Lorenz is great, but his staff leave much to be desired. It seems every time I go in, the nurse tries to incite an argument with me, or tries to make me look like an idiot. This time around I went in for my regular check-up. She kept insisting I needed to make a complaint to be seen. When I told her, I was just in for a check-up she kept shaming me for not having a complaint. It wasn't until a supervisor entered the room, that she volunteered my diabetes as a reason to be seen. She knew all along a reason for me to be seen, but she decided to harass me instead of being helpful.
1	Horrible horrible waiting time! The appointment was at 9:00. I waited for one hour and 20 minutes in the waiting area, which was a madhouse. I had to be taken into multiple rooms, 3 different waiting areas and I was there for almost 4 hours. The eye doctor was decent enough but the office is clearly overbooked. There were many unhappy patients complaining about the time wasted waiting.
4	This was my first time here. I was greeted by a friendly front desk clerk. The place was clean. There were cookies, coffee and donuts for us. It's awesome. I was called by the Dr's Assistant within 20 mins and checked by her. Rebecca was awesome! Friendly & professional throughout the check-up. Dr Orton was cool too. I will be back in a year's time for check up.
1	I never knew how incompetent they were till I tried another doctor...My insurance changed so I had to go down the street to another doctor for the yearly exam.. I'm 50 years and have started to wear progressive lenses as well as contacts.  I spent thousands of dollars with these crooks on eye exams as well as contacts and glasses.  Come to find out, I was given a prescription that wasn't even near what it should have been!  FOR YEARS   No wonder why I couldn't see!  My daughter who went to a new doctor in RENO, the same thing.  The doctor that examined her said that she was being over prescribed.  Both of us were patients of Dr Lorenz  for at least 10 years.  As well as customers at the optical department there.  I brought my glasses to them today because my anti glare was chipping off after only about a year and a half, only to be told that they are out of the 1 year warranty.  They were gracious to tell me that I could have the lenses replaced but that I would have to pay in full another 298.00!!!  Oh and yes I would have to have a current prescription from one of their doctors!  lol...As if I would allow myself to be examined by any of the staff there ever again.  My readers from WALMART LAST FOR EVER and I just throw them in my purse, my 500.00 glasses I treat with the utmost care, they are no good due to the faulty material that they were made of!!!  Thank you NEVADA EYE AND EAR...is this why you changed your name  SAME PLACE SAME CRAP STAFF AND DOCTORS!  I hope OBAMACARE AND REVIEWS CAUSE you to go bankrupt!
5	I cannot disagree more with some of the reviews I have read on this site.  I am a 47 year old female.  I had cataract surgery with a multifocal lens implant less than 13 hours ago.  I have an eye doctor for life.  Dr. Singh is kind, compassionate, intelligent, excellent and I could go on and on.  I have had nothing but positive interactions with the staff and the surgery center.  I had this surgery without sedation.....just some numbing drops on my eye.  No pain and I could see right after the procedure.  I would recommend Dr. Singh to everyone and anyone.  Don't  put off your vision needs because you are afraid or its not bad enough yet.......This guy is amazing.
1	Rudeness......dumbness......carelessness.....dont go there
5	This review is for Dr. Scott Manthei; he is the Ear, Nose & Throat doctor at Nevada Eye & Ear.  I can't really comment on the eye section of the office because I have only been there for sinus treatment.  With that being said, Dr. Scott Manthei is an amazing doctor.  He is highly intelligent and is excellent at providing patient care.  It's very obvious that he stays up to date on the advancements in his field which I greatly appreciate. If you want to go to a doctor that actually listens to what you have to say when you come in for your appointment--this is your DR.  I have been seeing him for a few years and he has been able to correct all of my sinus issues.  I went from having 4-5 sinus infections a year to having one in the last 16 months.  Yes, there are times when you will have to wait to see him. I have waited up to 45 minutes after my appt time but I have also been there and gotten in within 5 minutes of my scheduled time.  I'm sure he has times when he has to get a patient in that is sick that doesn't have an appt or he has an appt run over the time, etc.  He will spend time with you and will not try to just rush you out of the office if you need additional assistance. As far as I'm concerned, having a smart doctor that listens and takes his time with me is what's most important.
1	I will NEVER return to this office. The staff is unbelievably rude and highly unprofessional. Take your business elsewhere. It's a shame for the doctors that their staff can bring down the business. One star is being kind.
5	I really like this office. I had a bad accident about a year ago and came here to have surgery on both my eyes. I had blocked year dicts and the whole right side of my face was badly infected. The reason for that was during my accident I was pregnant and couldn't undergo surgery. I saw an eye specialist their names Dr. Shoib Mynit. He did absolutely everything he could to have my eye better. The doctor told me that in his years of practice he saw my condition twice, Me being the secon one. After a series of gross puss bubbles and needles in my eye, 3 overnight stays at the hospital, I was 95% made up of antibiotics at one point and 2 surgeries later my face looks fantastic. And that was just one eye... I trust these people to take care of me. The staff is really nice and easy going. They know what they know and the so the best they can at it.
5	Surjeet Singh, M.D. accurately and immediately diagnosed and treated Uveitis in my left eye which was previously misdiagnosed. I found him to be a highly dedicated Ophthalmologist with a well defined passion, excellent bedside manner, extremely well informed and articulate with the state of the art optical sciences, which instilled a comforting factor as I was sincerely worried I might lose the sight in my left eye. I highly recommend Dr. Singh. When I require surgery, he is the only specialist I would choose to operate on my eyes. Confirmation this is a factual review may be addressed to me at: neilgerardo@mrx.com.
4	While there was a wait, the staff was pleasant and the exam technicians were extremely professional and proficient. When my son and I each individually were seen by Dr. Singh he was wonderfully clear, considerate and able to meet our expectations. I look forward to working with him in the future to take care of my eye care needs. The doctor deserves a five star rating, but some issues with miscommunication with staff and the wait knocks them down to four.
1	Horrible!! Waited 2.5 hrs and with an appointment. They forgot about us, I had to go remind them we were sitting there. Staff is rude and have an attitude when they talk. I will never go there again and won't recommend it to anyone.
5	The second and third vists were shorter waits to be taken back but longer testing time. Dr. Singh was great at explaining my options and I look forward to my future visits as much as its possible to like going to any doctors office.
