5	Been a patient of Dr. Grimes for a few years now and even though the name of the business changed, the care and service are top notch!  The office is convenient to Matthews and fairly new with a lot of perks of a modern office... tvs mounted above so you can watch whatever you want to while they are working on your pearly whites.  The office is super clean and the staff is super friendly.Going to the dentist is not usually a fun experience for anyone, but I have found an office that makes the traumatic experience "not-so-bad."  I always look forward to catching up with my hygienist and also with Dr. Grimes every 6 months.I would highly recommend Dr. Grimes to anyone looking for dental services.  He helped get me to the point of smiling again. :)
5	Fantastic experience yesterday during my first visit to my new dentist Dr. Tom Grimes.   I felt very welcome from the moment I walked through the front door.   Very friendly staff starting with the receptionist and finishing with the billing person.   My hygienist was efficient and very professional as well as nice to talk to.   The office is high tech and very open, which I like, and it seemed a happy place to be for staff and patients; lots of laughing and conversations could be heard.   After a comprehensive cleaning and review of my teeth by Jen (Hygienist)  Dr. Grimes came in and did another review and confirmed a strategy to fix my problem areas.   Dr. Grimes "chair side manner"  was very friendly,  informative and made me smarter about my teeth.     He made me feel good about the status of my teeth and our game plan moving forward to improve them.   I have never looked forward to going to the dentist but I will from now on.
5	I have been fortunate to have been a patent of Dr Grimes for over 20 years this alone speaks for itself.I highly recommend Dr Grimes and his competent staff with absolute confidence..Dr Grimes keeps abreast of all the advances in the field of dentistry to assure that we are being served with ultimate care. Special thanks to Shelly and Barbara who have  treated  me like family all of these years.Sallie Taylor.5 stars.
