3	This has been my neighborhood CVS for the past couple years. For some reason I must love driving myself crazy because I keep coming back despite the awful service at the pharmacy. It always takes 30 mintues to an hour to fill a prescription here no matter how empty the place is ! They've forgotten my order 3x now (oh oops you were waiting? Oh, we forgot to fill it). So frustrating! In any case I'll be switching to Walgreens come Jan 11, I just hope their pharmacy isn't worse!
3	I love the fact that they have a quick care clinic here. Its much easier and convenient then going to the emergency room for something minor. We don't come here too often to use the pharmacy as we prefer the Walgreens down the street as they can be way more friendly and efficient. However, the quick care is awesome here!
4	Since I am a regular at this pharmacy I figured I should drop them one good review.Everyone tends to complain about the slow service but I find that I never have to wait longer than 5 minutes (unless there is a line) to pick up medication. True, they are not very attentive - you might have to cough a little to grab their attention but they are pretty nice people. If you want your pharmacist to talk to you about the weather and gossip - you can't complain about them being slow anymore can you? The fact that they don't ask questions makes it very quick. In and out within a couple of minutes. If you drop off the order right there and its not a narcotic, they would fill it within 15 minutes. I normally don't have to wait longer than 10 minutes. Other customers complain that they forget but it's never happened to me and I have to go to CVS Pharmacy practically three-four times a week since October of last year.The phone service is also very nice, no matter when I call someone always picks up immediately and quickly answers any questions I may have about the medication. Overall, this is a great pharmacy. I don't know what everyone is complaining about.
2	Pharmacy department could improve on getting things filled correctly. Originally when I first started coming here there was always a problem every single time I came. Either my RX's weren't refilled after talking to someone on the phone or doing it on-line. For example of one problem: When I inquired about my Phenergan I was told I didn't have any refills & they would send a request to my PMD...come to find out the pharmacy tech. was referring to an old RX for Phenergan & Codeine cough syrup not my Phenergan tablets...really??? I specifically said phenergan & that was the most recent one filled between the two...I always double check my stuff before leaving.
1	Slowest pharmacy I've ever been to. If my insurance didn't force me to go here I would go to Walgreens. There are 5 people working inside and I've been waiting for 15 minutes. I'm actually able to write this review while I wait. I don't recommend this pharmacy if you have a choice. Go to Walgreens.
