4	Be prepared to spend at least 3 hrs here!! I was first introduced to this place about 10 yrs ago!! Remarkably enough I have heard this place has been in existence even before Bugsy Siegel stepped foot on the Nevada desert!! If you are a tourist...all the Sin City memorabilia that you could ask for at good prices can be found here (BTW....you can get a 3 dollar bottle of beer to sip on while you shop!!) The jewelry here is amazing...I am a big fan that sells authentic Native American jewelry at good prices!! This place has the best turquoise I have found ever!!
3	I stumbled upon this place a few years ago. I did find this place really reasonable on their prices for all the Las vegas memorabilia that you could ever want.I had to buy a mini flashing "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada" sign for my desk. It's cool to have for those moments that you might have, when you feel like you should be at Vegas.Viva las Vegas!
1	I was curious to see just how big this suveneir store after seeing the sign . The store is practically filled with cheaply made ugly junk from China !! There's really nothing worth buying . The suveneir stores in Vegas can't compare to the ones in SF ... the suveniors in SF are much nicer , better-made , and more worthwhile .
3	This gift shop is super HUGE and has everything. I love that they had moccasins to. But I agree with some of the other reviewers and everything was made CHEAP hence MADE IN CHINA. Wasn't really feeling the things that they had. They were also pretty expensive.
3	On our way back home, I needed to stop and grab a few souvenirs for the family. We found this gift shop on yelp and liked that it had a lot of variety.When you first walk in and walk around, you'll definitely come across some rather silly and inappropriate items. I think the best one was the dirty talking parrot.  I couldn't stop laughing. Overall, there's a nice selection here of all kinds of things from cups, globes, jewelery and other "toys." It's a bit on the pricey side, but not bad for the variety. They also have a decent sized parking lot if you need it.
1	High prices for tacky cheap quality, but over priced crap is what this place specializes in.   That was of interest to me when I first came to Las Vegas and didn't know any better, and when there was less competition in the souvenir business.   But now this place to me is just tourist trap and a reminder of the lesser days.We still had to look in here though on our recent trip and luckily I had the sense to drag us out of there before we did reach for any of that stuff.   They make even Wal Mart quality shirts look good in many cases.
1	This is a terrible place to shop. The employees assume you are stealing and stare at you the whole time (and I friggin' hate that- I mean, I'm wearing diamond rings, get a clue). Why don't they just install cameras and hire a security guard? I would rather take my business elsewhere since there are plenty of other souvenir shops to choose from on the Strip. And since I live here, I really don't have a need for that stuff anyway, but just would steer visitors away from here, as much as I can.
5	OK. Let me break this down for you. You are in Vegas and you've just blown the majority of your cash on: booze, gambling, booze, women/men, booze, food, booze, clubbing, booze. Clearly, you're short on cash, but you still need to pick up souvenirs for the friends that you left back at home. What is a Vegas tourist to do? Go up the Strip, near the Stratosphere...and head to the World's Largest Gift Shop. Now, before you say "but Fenny, everyone has given it less then 2 stars! I don't want to go no crappy @$$ed place! I'm on vaycay!", I will ask you to watch your grammar, then I'll ask you to stop being a lemming and hear me out. To start with, this gift shop is HUGE. Like, massive! Like, I've seen conference centers smaller then this place! Then, there is every conceivable knickknack, tchotchsky, trinkets, crap that you can possible find. The majority of them will be highly inappropriate...but you're in Vegas, it's rather expected. Then, the price. Yes, you can indeed get a deck of Bellagio playing cards at the Bellagio...if you have $32 to spare. Here, that same deck is selling for only $1. That's a savings of $31...which means that you can buy 3 more prime rib specials, or get a hooker for the night. You're choice...but isn't either option still better then blowing it on a stupid deck of cards? Finally, when you're out of cash, or just getting bored by all the glitz and the glamor and just need a good laugh, this place can entertain you for a solid 2 hours. Heck, once, my husband and I spent nearly 6 hours in this place cracking up. We only finally left because the sales people were getting *really* annoyed by us...and we got hungry. Fortunately, we bought all of souvenirs here, so we were able to go get us some prime rib and shrimp with the money we saved. Heh. OK, yes, the staff here is surly and will treat you like you just got out of the State Pen...but seriously, that adds to the ambiance! Think of them as the snooty matire 'd at your favorite snooty overpriced restaurant, and suddenly they aren't crappy mean staff...but the gatekeepers to the most hilarious place in Vegas!
3	Great location to purchase all your cheap gifts needs!
5	I just love this place. It's a dive and a gem all at the same time. And anything that is the "world's largest" is certain to not let you down.My favorite time to drop by is on the weekend around 2:00 in the morning. (Don't worry, there is sure to be at least one overweight, sleepy security guard on duty.) Not only does this time provide terrific people-watching and overhearing, but it is also the perfect place to wrap-up (or revive) your Vegas evening.Once you've gone broke at the tables and slots, but still have a good buzz going, there is no better place on the Strip to spend some time. I have literally spent hours in here, been easily entertained, and spent nothing. Perhaps I am just easily amused, but there is endless fun here if you are in the right mindset.And if you are in search of just the right cheap Vegas souvenir to enthrall your friends and family back home, you will find it here. There's nothing quite like a naked woman salt and pepper shaker (you can imagine what detaches and are the actual salt and pepper shakers) or a male stripper writing utensil (when you flip it, the clothes on the picture magically disappear). It is a virtual treasure trove of trashy. And that makes it awesome.Plus, if those high-heels are killing your feet after a night of partying, there is a plentiful soft moccasin section just beckoning those barking dogs. (I just may have a pair or two - it's better than walking the Strip barefoot.)In sum, you really just need to go here and experience it. (And pick up a pair of Vegas fuzzy dice for your ride on your way out.)
1	I feel no nostalgia or sympathy for the Bonanza Gift Shop. For an entire year, I lived next door to this musty chamber of horrors. Out of sheer convenience and desperation, I purchased their stale potato chips and dusty bottles of wine. Each experience attacked my dignity and my wallet, leaving me feeling somehow less of a person. Apart from their miserable, overpriced stock--featuring monstrosities like Vendage and Barefoot chardonnay--I always felt unwelcome here. In the parking lot, there was usually an inebriate slumped against the wall, loud music bumping from a parked car and a drifting panhandler screaming at the ground. The security guards snatch your bags the moment you enter and follow you around the room. Paying with a credit card necessitates mutiple ID checks and clerks scribbling down inscrutable numbers.I've had a few truly absurd incidents here. Once I decided to save a tree and bring in my own reusable shopping bag. Not happening. Despite my protests, the guard insisted I check the empty bag, then vanished for the next half-hour while I waited. Adding insult to injury, they request your reciepts at the door and sometimes follow you outside. With all this security and suspicion, you'd assume the Star of Brazil was displayed somewhere on the premises. But no...all you'll find here is mini liquor bottles, cheap wine and shameless kitsch. If you're just looking for a beer, walk an extra block north to the Circle K. If, however, you're in the mood to be gouged and harassed, then this is the place!
1	This may be the largest gift shop and merit a look through but there are many things wrong with this place.  I promised some kids in San Diego that I would bring them Vegas caps and t-shirts, 1st problem NO KIDS HATS, 2nd problem no one knows their inventory in this store.  I asked 3 different people for help and received 3 different answers.  So it was left for me to look through all this junk until I found something that would work.  3rd thing, do not mistake the junkie appearance inside/out for inexpensive souvenir cr**.  They are not cheap, but everything looks so cheaply made.  I bought my items under constant scrutiny from all the rent a cops that patrol the store in their khaki regalia.Next time I am asked to bring souvenirs it will NOT be in this dirty over stocked junk store..
4	Looking for a tuxedo shirt? Maybe an apron that looks like a fat Elvis? No? How about some playing cards or key chains? This place has EVERY souvenir you can possibly think of and more!
3	'Worlds Largest Gift Shop' looks a lot better on a sign than '2-1/2 Miles of Crap'.Now, don't get me wrong, I like this place. It is filled with all sorts of stuff that wouldn't fly in casino gift shops anymore (and that's a shame because good kitsch goes a long way towards building memories). You have all manner of goods up to and including green card visors, leather moccasins and obnoxious t-shirts, with hundreds of things in between.Asking for help at this place is like asking a clerk at The Salvation Army to do an inventory check; it ain't gonna happen, chief. Know that going into it. There's also a security guard at the door and you'll have to check your bag (because apparently low cost touristy crap is in high demand on the black market).But, uh, yeah. If you have a mess of people demanding you bring them something back from Sin City, you could do worse than TWLGS..
2	Tons of crap in this place. I felt like everything they sold was overpriced. A freaking t shirt was $20. I passed that up. No tshirts for anyone!! I walked around and around until I settled on those giant ass pens. It is something that I can use for $1.99. If you come in with a large bag, just remember to park you ass at the entrance and give it up to the front door lady, who will give you a number for your bag for when you come back and fetch it. Because since it is the largest store of crap, people tend to pocket that scorpion necklace or the fake barf.
2	Hello House of Crap. I can't imagine that any of us need any of this stuff. But if you feel that you need a duck pot holder, Vegas shot glass, crappy t-shirt, key chain or used casino cards - head on down to the World's largest gift shop!
2	From the outside, with all the lights I was expecting more. It's fun  if you want to kill time and walk around looking at cheap gifts.  Lots of security throughout shop, and you cannot carry any large bags in the store.  They will take them from you and you can pick up when you exit building.
5	One of the best places on earth!
3	Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're passing by you might as well stop in.
2	Please see my review about the General Store. That is not included in this review. This place is on LOCK DOWN. You cannot shop here comfortably without people watching you intently. The security officers and employees are all ready to jump on you if you look just a little suspicious. I made sure to stare them down like they were staring me down. Everything here is really cheaply made. There are some super nice gift shops in Vegas, and this one is not it. I kept telling my boyfriend that it was like an overpriced dollar store. I can't believe my sister in law actually bought $40 worth of shit here. I purchased three shot glasses myself, but you can't beat that for 99 cents. If you want nice souvenirs I recommend the ABC store on Fremont. I personally love the Hello Kitty Las Vegas goodies. :)I think this place could use a lot of improvements. It's sketchy, it's dirty and the employees are downright MISERABLE! The greeter lady said to us "You can go here and walk all the way around. Remember to have fun, because it is fun!" But she didn't sound so convinced of that herself. There was a definite vacancy in her eyes. It almost made me feel bad for her. Anyway, the only thing worth coming here for is the liquor store. It's a good one if you are sick of overpriced cocktails and beers in hotels and clubs.
4	maybe it is because I am from Vegas but I like this gift shop! It is kinda sketchy in the parking lot I can't deny that. I personally wouldn't walk through it alone.This place is broken up into several different shops. They have themes going. So they have an area that sells lingerie and an area that sells bridal shower stuff and then the gift shop that sells anything they can think of putting "Las Vegas" on. They also have a area that sells alcohol. Don't come here expecting glitz and glamour just come on in knowing you are in the largest gift shop in the world :)
1	This store focuses on store policies than customer service.
2	Okay so if you're in need of a souvenir for all 36 of your cousins and you really don't feel like putting any effort into it - this is your place. There is e v e r y t h i n g  you can imagine here, and it all says Las Vegas. There are tank tops, stuffed animals, keychains, necklaces, toys, cups, mugs, seriously everything. The prices are low, the options are high. There are also a ton of parking spots, which is always a bonus. It does need a bit of updating, though.
3	Stopped by because it's close to the stratosphere. Found a lot of cool stuff, but I sincerely double that this is world's largest anything.
4	Old School Vegas Gem with a little something for everyone.  Lots of prank gifts and little trinkets.  You could easily spend an hour browsing around in here.  I found huge oversized sunglasses to send my nephews for their snowmen in Michigan.  Lots of tins with different flavored mints.  Some of the adult gag gifts are great.  Lots of junk~They lose a star for some of their ridiculous prices and no public restroom.If you don't visit the talking parrot here you are truly missing out.  If you can't find the bird...ask an employee to show you to him. : ) Parrot doesn't disappoint!
4	First time in Vegas? THIS is the place to stop.Right on the strip, huge parking lot, HUGE store.Prices suprisingly cheap and anything from flashy to trashy can be found here.Ashtrays, snow globes, liscence plates, t shirts, shot glasses, they have everything!It gets pretty full, but they have a lot of registers, the staff is nice, worth a stop for any tourist.
1	You can't miss this place.  It's the World's Largest!  Not sure if that is true, but is is pretty damn large.  I think it should be renamed the World's Largest Crap Store.  Everything here is junk.  Pure junk.  Sure it's souvenir, but they lack quality in every respect.  I suggest you get your souvenir elsewhere unless you are buying for people you don't like.
3	This place is what is..... A BIG ASS souvenir shop AKA a junk store that smells like China when you walk through the doors! But when people come to Vegas they want to buy keepsakes of their vacation and they want to haul a ton of crap back home so they will forever be reminded of their drunken bender they spent on the glorious LV Strip, just proving what happens in Vegas doesn't really stay in Vegas! This place is perfect for any level of hoarder whether you are beginner or advanced and what makes it even better is it's cheap! Though half the stuff you buy from here will fall apart or be broken by the time it makes its way back to your curio cabinet it's okay because you will have only paid a $1 for that broken shot glass and you will probably have purchased more than you needed anyway because they were only a $1 and you wanted to get the whole damn set! Oh, they had you with that big sign out front that reads "If we have it, it's in stock!" Well no Shit!! But you just couldn't resist and now you are that smuck on the airplane with bags and bags of crap taking up all the overhead space!!What makes this place even better is that it's always an adventure going here, first you have to get through the shady parking lot, second you get to experience the staff and they have taken customer service to a whole new level, in fact you may feel like you are on the set of a reality prank show, except there is no host to come out and say SURPRISE your on TV!!  My advice is don't go alone and watch yourself there at night!  For all if this I give ye ol' Worlds Largest three stars!
3	This is what it sounds like, a really big souvenir shop but it is pretty cool. They have pretty much everything you could be looking for for cheap and/or wacky keepsakes. They have everything from bottle openers, to snow globes, to Tshirts. If you go to the old strip this place is worth stopping into. You'll probably find things cheaper here then at the casinos.
1	Worlds largest shit shop.  Lmao ... No bathroom either and overpriced crap. Don't go unless you want to waste your time.  Honestly,  I needed a bathroom to use my insulin.
1	World's messiest gift shop! Hahahahaha! Lots of cheap, generic gifts that can be found elsewhere on the Strip. Travel a little further to Fremont Street and you'll find more similar items for much cheaper. Also despite their size, there are no bathrooms for patrons.
