5	The Soma Triathlon is just one of many events put on by the Red Rock Company.  I've done several of their triathlons and I've always been impressed.  The company is extremely organized and their volunteer staff is incredible...In the 2008 Quarterman, my 2nd Soma event, everything was well-marked and the volunteers were incredible!  The volunteers working to help athletes out of the water were amazing, and the wetsuit strippers were like icing on the cake!  They stuck to the schedule and although my swim could've been better, the race was a lot of fun for everyone (well, at least for everyone I spoke to about it).Soma is an annual event that takes place each October (for the past 5 years) - it's a great way to wrap up the season, and it's supposedly one of the best triathlons in the country!  I believe that close to 1800 athletes participated in Soma this year, including some of the top athletes in the US!  The beauty of the course is that it's flat and you'll see first time triathletes participating as well as pros!Sponsors of Soma go above and beyond... included in the fee to participate is a goodie bag with great quality gear such as a visor, shirt, powerbar, gu, and more!  Plus, this year's event featured a Monti's La Casa Vieja catered lunch for athletes.I hope to train more seriously for Soma 2009 and beyond.  Maybe we can even get a Yelp team together?!
5	This was my fist triathlon as a participating athlete....I have watched several in the past including a couple Iron Man races.  Each time I have been impressed by the energy level of both the participants and their supporters.  But I can now say with absolute certainty that everything looks ALOT easier from the sidelines.  ESPECIALY THE SWIM.  The open water  swim with people all on top and around and underneath each other is enough to make someone hyperventalate, freak the fuk out, and almost give up immediately.  Oh wait, did I just admit that out loud?  Seriously, RED ROCK CO. realy did put on a fantastic event...and it obviously could not happen with out the help of all the volunteers.  It was amazing how well marked the course was and in any tight spot where there might have been ambiguity to which way the racer goes....there was always a volunteer vocally directing traffic.  There was always a volunteer ready with a bottle of water/gatorade or cup of coke, there was always a volunteer holding an extra  pack of GU and ALWAYS a participant or yet another volunteer ready with encouraging words.  Alot of people go out there to seriously compete but that certainly didnt stop them from giving a little praise or words of encouragement to those of us that needed it.  A fabulous event all around with an equally fabulous group of volunteers and participants.....
5	I did this race as my first 1/2 Ironman in 2007, and loved it so much that I convinced my husband to come back with me to do it in 2008. It is a GREAT way to preview the Ironman Arizona course, as the swim,bike, and transition areas are very similar, just cut in half, and the run takes you in a similar route. The volunteer support and swag is amazing.  I highly recommend this course as a first time half Ironman, but it is equally as fun at any level. Just beware of potentially high temperatures last couple years I have been doing the half-marathon in in 90+ degree temps, but the volunteers do a great job of providing cool water, ice and cola to keep you going. Its totally manageable, but practice your hydration and electrolyte intake prior to race day. Oh...and don't forget the Slip n' Slide at the finish (seriously...so fun and refreshing after competing in 95 degrees!).
4	This year, the Red Rock Company eliminated the Quarterman and only offered the Half Ironman distance.  Worked for me!  This was my first SOMA event, my 3rd or 4th event put on by the Red Rock Company, and my 5th triathlon this year - woot! woot!  Now, I love the SkirtChasers event they do but this one wasn't a 5-star experience.  A half ironman distance is a 1.2 mile swim, 56 mile bike ride, and 13.1 mile run.  It started at 6:30am, and my number 7 wave didn't start the swim until closer to 7am.  Therefore, when I finished around 1:00pm it was HOT!!  Some people I saw on the course were struggling.  And in the past, other event organizers made sure there were cold sponges available or at least someone with a hose offering to spray you down.  There was only one sprinkler, and the gatorade was warm.  I would think that keeping athletes cool in 89 degree weather would be a priority.  Anyway, the volunteers were great and the finish line was great and every thing else was well organized and the negatives would never discourage me from doing another event.  Oh, and the swag was great!  It just would have been a little easier if I was hosed down!
