5	So here I am, at the soft opening of this new restaurant in town called District One. I'm here with 6 friends, so I didn't actually order ALL this food. Decor: Love this Asian fusion restaurant. The decor is so cute. Especialy love the wallpaper and the "let's nhau" quote (vietnamese for let's party/drink) in the corner of the room. There's also a huge bar that greets you and FOURTEEN flat screen tv's all over the place. It's totally set up for some good eating, drinking, and sport gatherings.The CAFE SUA DA (Vietnamese iced coffee) was perfect. I am a coffee lover, and I'm extra critical. But they nailed the coffee here. Strong and sweet.Appetizers: the GARLIC AND SERRANO PEPPER WINGS are good. Comes out hot, crispy, and moist on the inside. The serrano pepper definitely gives it a kick. And the side of pickled radish adds a nice touch too. The SHAKEN BEEF SALAD comes out on a huge bed of lettuce and tomatoes. The beef is sweet, salty, and savory at the same time. The beef could be more tender, but flavor wise, it was exellent. We also asked for a side of lemon, salt and pepper to dip the meat which really enhanced everything.Entree: the STEAK AND EGG is where some of the asian fusion comes out. It's not the traditional t-bone steak you might expect. It's actually more like the shaken beef appetizer.  But the flavor is more sweet. This beef actually is more tender though. And the fried egg, which was over easy, was actually over easy!! *clap clap. The SLOW BRAISED PORK BELLY IN YOUNG COCONUT JUICE was a little on the smaller side for an entree. Also, the flavor was not as intense as I would have anticipated. It needed more bang, more salt. The OX TAIL PHO came with two big pieces of tender ox tail. It was so tasty and actually fell off the bone. Curiously, the pho tasted like Pho So 1. Which is also a restaurant in chinatown that does very well for itself.Overall, this place has the potential to be great. I can imagine coming here to watch the game and grabbing a few drinks after work. The staff is young and friendly. And occasionally, the chef comes out to see how everyone is doing. That's so cool. It definitely feels like a family friendly environment. The waiters and waitresses come around and they always ask if everything is okay, and ready for refills. Decor/Ambience: *****Food: ****1/2 Service: *****Drinks/Bar: TBDOverall: *****
5	All I have is say is "WOW!!" This place is absolutely amazing. From the service to the cute decor and.. The food! Omg the food. So good! Was not expecting the different types of flavors and dishes that this place had to offer. Definitely not your typical Vietnamese restaurant that you find in china town. I want to say it's more of an Asain fusion with a primary focus on Vietnamese style cooking/flavors. My group and I ended up ordering family style which I felt was the best way to try more of the dishes because the menu had so many options to offer! Everything sounded so tasty! There wasn't a single dish that we didn't enjoy, but I highly recommend the shaken beef salad, pork belly with boiled egg, beef tacos (my favorite!! Not on the menu), steak and eggs and Ox tail pho. Hands down best pho I've ever had. I usually have to add hoisen sauce to enhance the flavor but this was perfect the way it came. The food was so flavorful and the quality was perfect. The steak was so tender, blew my mind away!If you're around the area this is definitely a place to check out. You won't be disappointed:) I know my friends and I will be returning a visit real soon
5	Wow this place is nice. Very open space nice bar and good food. Great place to watch sports w all the tv screens! I personally like the oxtail pho!
5	Best way to start the Chinese New Year w/ great comfort food . I was craving a spicy bowl of pork soup. Chef Khai recommend I try the lotus shrimp salad . It's refreshing and tasty w fresh herbs .
5	This is the next to go to hotspot.  The owners of this restaurant are friendly.  Fast and convenient service.  The food is phenomenal!  See a lot of promising things for this Vietnamese fusion.
5	If you love asian food or seafood this is the place to go! The Decor is sleek, the ambience is welcoming, the service is seriously one of the best, and the food is exquisite! I am big on service and District One definitely has one of the best service I've had at a restaurant. The servers are extremely knowledgable and always attentive. Drinks are always refilled without even having to ask. When you need someone to help you out they are always there to tend to your needs! There is definitely no cutting corners on flavor in all the dishes. Every dish I've tried has been extremely impeccable! If you are into buying seafood by the pound this place is for you! I recommend the Shrimp with house special sauce. The shrimp are always cooked perfectly and the size of them are crazy! Only the best! I also would recommend the Vietnamese egg rolls. Best in town! This place seriously is a must go no questions asked!!
5	It's a real no-brainer that this will be the best Asian restaurant in town for many years to come. Cleanliness check, service check, decor check, food + drink check. You have everything and anything that your Asian craving desire. On top of that, you have the selection from the old Cravin Cajun menu! Crawfish and shrimp bags! I think that the Chicken Roti dish here should be their signature dish. I've been looking for years to find the equivalent of http://www.yelp.com/biz/bale-valley-restaurant-canoga-parkand finally DOKB delivered. The game hen, so juicy, so crispy, so salty-sweet. It's the ultimate indulgence. Surprisingly it does not come with fish sauce dipping, so don't forget to ask for it. It's a must! It would be like eating egg rolls without the dipping sauce (which by the way this place makes a mean egg roll!!). I can take my whole family here and every single person in the crowd would be pleased. I love the simple yet expansive menu selection. I appreciate not having to choose from 10 difference combination of Vietnamese rice dish when there's really only one. I'm already craving my next meal here.....
5	First time here at district one and I'm glad we came. Ask the Chef to do a tasting menu for you and you won't be disappointed. A must try restaurant here in Vegas.
4	Our party tried three appetizers and three entrees. We started with the Vietnamese Eggrolls, Fish Tacos, and Pork Belly Buns. These were all great tasting and beautifully prepared. The eggrolls were made with taro which gave it a unique taste. The fish tacos were our favorite. Although on the pricier side (approx. $10 for three baby tacos), the fish was fresh and tasted awesome with all its taco components. Pork belly was tender. Highly recommend.Entrees were Mi Sate, Oxtail Pho, and Steak & Eggs.Mi Sate was OK. We all agreed it was our least favorite dish. Very super thick, peanut flavored sauce-like broth with skinny egg noodles. There is a small spicy kick, but I couldn't get over the peanut butter thickness. Maybe it just had a bad night?The real hero of the night was the Oxtail Pho. Leave it to District One to bring this one all the way home. Very aromatic, tender (and plentiful servings of) oxtail, a truly original tasting broth. Steak & Eggs was a good decision too. Steak was tender and expertly cooked, tomato rice was flavorful, overall good decision for anyone. Impeccable guest service. We were diligently waited on by an attentive team and the food came out in a timely manner.Overall good food, good ambiance. I will return with friends. Next time I'd really like to try their crawfish, lobster pho, 5 spice roasted hen, clay pot pork belly, and ca phe sua da! Awesome first impression! See you again, District one!
5	Went here last night for birthday dinner with friends & it was amazing! Super great & friendly service, nice atmosphere & delicious food. We ordered a variety of appetizers & pho soups & it was all delicious. Nicely flavored & seasoned dishes & plates. Will return all the time & bring more friends to check it out!
5	Off the hook...rare beef to the bone finger licking good!! :))  Enjoy all these foods we've tried too. Checkout our yummy eats! ;)
4	Good to have this restaurant nearby! Mostly Vietnamese, with a twist of fusion.We had Fish Taco, Steak & Egg, Mekong River Style Noodle Soup and everything was tasty! The ambience was good too.
4	Four stars because...Tamarind Wings were a bit bland. You got the tang when you first bite into it, but after that, nothing special really. The Crispy Noodle Nest was superb! This place made it with the light brown sauce rather than the thick white one & didn't have as much seafood, but it was still excellent!The beef sausage I believe wrapped in the betel leaves were soooo good! Service was great & they're very clean, always cleans up the plates and trash that are sitting on the table.
5	New kids on the block have got it going in and doing it right!  Great menu Wings Great Pork Chops Tasty Ox Tails the BEST!
5	This is my favorite new restaurant. There's a good variety on the menu and I can't wait to try every single dish! Here are my recommended dishes: tamarind crab (the best crab ever, albeit a bit messy to eat), fish tacos (most reviews recommend this one), spring rolls, pork belly buns, and crispy birds nest. Besides the good food, the service is superb.
4	Consider me a big fan!  I was perusing potential spots for dinner last night and then I saw My T's picture of the 5 spice game hen and it..waS...ON.  They bake the game hen and THEN deep fry it!  Why don't more spots bake and then fry things?  It tasted even better than it looked.  The side of tomato rice was really good too.  I almost never rave about eating bird but I will be having this again.   Another favorite was their shaken beef salad.  I was shaken up after my first freakin bite!  The beef was so juicy and so tender and only $12!  The hot grilled beef mixed with the cool lettuce, onion, tomato and spices made for one of the best salads I've had in recent memory. The Mekong River noodle soup was just ok.  It looked great and was filled with lots of fixings like fish balls, pork tenderloin, quail eggs, veggies and shrimp but the pork based broth fell short for me.  I saw a lot of customers going for the bone marrow soup and holy shit what a spectacle that was.  HUGE bones!  Me would feel like caveman and raise bone like champion (grunt!).  Check out the pics of it.  But man oh man so much other stuff I want to try like the slow braised pork belly entree, crispy bird nest noodle and more shaken beef!  They're located in the old Cravin Cajun spot so it's great for groups.  I hope they get their liquor license soon.
5	I've been to District One twice in 1 week - that's how good it is.  See Marcus or Khai.  They'll make sure you get exactly what you want.  I ordered the pho with shrimp the first time I went, which was very good.  The 2nd time, I asked Marcus how to get more veggies in my pho, so he had me order the veggie pho with a side of shrimp.  Perfect!  Clean, reasonably priced, great music & they'll be receiving their liquor license soon.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Being Vietnamese myself, this is honestly my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  It has a modern look, and nice modern menu to go along with it.I went here with my wife, 1 year old, and mom.  The service for all of us was superb, even for my child.We had the Pork Belly Buns, Ox Tail Pho, "Steak and Eggs", and the Slow Braised Pork.The Ox Tail Pho here is amazing, definitely bang for your buck.  The meat on the tail is perfect, and the amount of noodles they give is the perfect amount.  All Vietnamese places in Vegas usually give a tiny amount.The Pork Belly Buns were delicious.The steak and eggs were perfectly made, the steaks were nicely marinated.The Slow Braised Pork is nice and soft.  The sauce is perfect, and loved the way the egg was cooked. We will definitely be back!
5	I had the Edamame Xo , it was yummy also tried the tamarind chicken wings and had pho. It was all very tasty and the staff was very friendly.
4	Hue spicy soup was good. Broth was flavorful but lacked some vital ingredients to be a true Bun Bo Hue noodle soup. Steak and egg was delicious but the meat could use a bit more seasoning. Overall a great start for a new restaurant with some minor tweaks to be a permanent staple within the ever changing Chinatown niche of Las Vegas.
4	I am very close to 5 star here but can't do it. I think it's because the pho and the bun Bo hue didn't quite blow me away. I am at 4.5 stars though.  The place is immaculate clean and hipster inside.  Bar is a nice added touch and it's always busy. So that's a great sign. I would go back but would try some of the other menu items. Service was 5 star. Try it you won't be disappointed
4	Best new place in Vegas!! A must to try and come back for more. Super friendly and knowledgable staff. Vee and Crystina are awesome!! The food is outstanding! The beef carpaccio was full of flavors I didn't think would taste a good as they did. The braised pork belly will leave you filling full good size portions. Worth the wait for this place.
5	Absolutely love this place! The service was excellent and the food was delicious.The hubby and I have been here a handful of times. My favorite dishes would have to be the bun bo hue, pho ox tail, and shaken beef salad. They are quite generous with the meat and the flavor is simply delish. Hubby went on and on about how great the razor clams were. We've also had their pork belly buns, crispy egg rolls, and garlic serano pepper wings. All were extremely tasty.I can honestly say that I've never been to a restaurant where I enjoyed every single item that we ordered ... until now. :)Their bar is now open as well, and I have every intention of visiting it.
5	Came here two days in a row!I have a soft spot for the pho with rib eye.  My goodness, melts in your mouth.  The cornish hen, the pork chop, everything I've had is spot on.You can't go wrong here.  The servers are so nice, the prices are really low, I'm coming back.  Plus they have ice coffee... I'm sold!
5	Damn! This is my new favorite Pho restaurant in Vegas! I got the Lobster pho and the Oxtail pho. Both bangin as fuck and it didn't give me diarrhea so that's a Nguyen Nguyen Nguyen!
1	The server is very friendly, but the food is very bad...the crawfish that we ordered was small and spoiled, which was obviously not fresh...even the corn tasted funny...we also ordered pho and Mekong noodle. The broth was tasteless, and bland. Plus the noodle was soggy and broken...the decoration are great, but the food is very bad...we will not come back to this restaurant!
4	Talk about another hidden gem in Vegas. I have been meaning too check this place out after hearing the buzz and looking at the pics it all looks really really good. I really am digging the sign/logo of the restaurant. If that doesn't make first impression from the moment you walk into the restaurant be surprise got upscale feeling too the place, even though bar area not that big really like the set up, and for any sports fan love the fact five widescreen all set up just like see at sports book bunch together. The prices are supa reasonable up and down the whole menu. The portion size for tapas style is really good size more so then other tapas style places been too in my experience. Love the diversity of the menu also wide range from cornish hen, bone marrow soup, more tradition pho dishes, or beef salad. Just talking about the entrees. I no idea best place too start my District One Kitchen & Bar experience but the Hue Spicy Beef Noodle Soup was on my radar. It the perfect soup too clear my running nose and sinus. Boy did it not disappoint! The broth had nice kick too it. But not over the top that not enjoy the full body of the broth. One of the best things about it is diversity of meats in it. Counted four different ones in the bowl. Really each time dug deep find another different treat in every scoop. It nice hearty Pho dish. Any sign of good Pho is no need too add anything more too the broth. The appetizers was tough but went with the Beef Buns. Talking about Buns in my last review Beef Buns brought back that same urge Bun crazy! They do have peking duck buns too believe but went with the pork buns. Talk about addicting get three per order but popping them down so easy wish order half dozen or hell could have done dozen. Really that good!! The pork is cooked nice crispy outside, moist inside, and glaze or sauce cooked in was fabulous could have ordered plate of pork! The topping of think hoisen or oyster sauce combine with garnish of julienne carrots and couple other things. The steam bun itself was the perfect Steam Bun with the perfect filling. The service was awesome. I torn between the tacos and beef buns waiter recommending the beef buns. Save the tacos for next time. No doubt be few more times because lot of good stuff on the menu. Just happen ran into fellow yelpers Misti and Bobby. They were kind enough ask if wanted too join them. It was just me doing my yelp diligent checkout out all the ONO spots in Vegas. Lol!! Impromptu UYE with the one and only Misti Y and Bobby Y. Thanks. Trust me if not checked out District One you need too. It really good food at reasonable price that we al can enjoy!!
5	When you eat out enough you know when you have found a gem of a place to eat. And my family have found one that we hate to let others know as we want it all to ourselves. However since I've discover many a place from yelp I can let this one to the public too. District 1 an Vietnamese inspired fusion restaurant located just North East on Jones and Spring mtn. As soon as you enter the place you realize you will have a pleasant time. Very welcoming atmosphere and not too loud on the decorations. The wait staff are very pleasant and since it's not "grand opening" yet you are bound to be seated pretty soon. PRO's::Plenty of TV 's to watch anything. Music not too loud which is always good Fast food preparations Fresh food and moderately pricedCrazy Japanese Whisky selection ( a few that you will not find in the States. )Draft beer selection is pretty impressive for a non gaming establishment Liquor selection is great , high end alcoholic favorites that I will not able to afford lol and less expensive one for working class. Lol. They even have a Sake on tap " how ridiculous is that ". I've spoken to the owner and requested they carry Carlsberg ( now am not a fool and know most times owners don't give a damn unless am spending crazy amounts of money here,... But to my amazement the next time I came here. Guess what. my beer ) I felt the love and it's now my fav place to chill and try their tapas style menu and sip on chilled beer and stare at the expensive liquor. Lol. Am not much of a sea food person but my wife swears that their selection is fresh and loves the fish tacos / razor clams/ lobster pho/ and Dungeoneous crabs. The list can go on but I'd bore everyone. So go child this gem of a place and you will not be disappointed.
3	I have only been to District One twice. The food is nothing special. I have tried the Five spiced hen over tomato rice and pickled veggies. I thought there was no point in adding the pickled veggies in the menu since you barely get anything. I love that the tomato rice had a lot of flavor and also the hen. Tomato rice and hen were perfect. I have also tried their Oxtail Pho. I honestly think there is nothing special about that. The broth is just a regular Pho broth and the Oxtail seemed a little overcooked. The menu is small compared to other pho places. I think District one is a Viet Fusion restaurant. They don't have everything a usual pho place would have. They don't offer many rice dishes or the drink desserts. So if you're looking for your typical Viet food, I wouldn't come here. I would probably go to District One once in awhile for the Five Spiced Hen over Tomato Rice only. The prices at District One are higher compared to any other pho places in Las Vegas.The environment is more hip and clean compared to other pho places though. It is very modern I would say. There is a bar and seating is very nice. The service was good. I have only gone to District One once during lunch and early dinner (4AM). There were only 3-4 other parties the times that I have gone there.
3	We ordered the pho oxtail soup, beef lemon grass in betel leaves, fish tacos, beef carpaccio, pork belly buns and pork belly slow braised soup w poached eggs. I enjoyed the pho oxtail soup and carpaccio. Will come back to try more of their soups and entrees though.
5	Brand new restaurant (6 weeks they said)... Found it on Yelp because my cousin's gf wanted Asian for her bday dinner. Hands down, best birthday dinner I've ever been to.There were 6 of us in the group, and we decided to do everything family style. We ordered 5 appetizers and 4 entrees. The place was about 3/4 full, but our waters were always refilled by the time they hit half full. The food all came out hot, and in a perfect progression just as we were finishing up what had been brought out first. Everything was delicious, and I'll definitely be bringing other friends here when they come to town.
5	Hands down my new favorite spot to bring friends and family . The live  scallops n oysters were amazing !
5	Been wanting to check out this place for a couple of weeks and glad I did. The scene is hip for a pho place and they don't offer the norm that you would see on the menu. Music is good and decor is pretty modern. We tried the Oxtail Pho, Steak and Eggs, and Braised Pork Belly. I love oxtail with a passion so you really can't go wrong with me when oxtail is on the menu. It fell off the bones and they were gracious with the amount of meat they had in the pho. They put a little spin on the steak and eggs and added tomato rice which I also love (reminds me of the Asian cafe style food that you find in California if you know what I mean).  Steak was already cut up into small pieces and had an Asian flare to it.  The pork belly was pretty typical but also good. I definitely want to go back to try some other things on the menu. Also found out the owner is a friend of a friend so I definitely want them to do well. My only complaint was my tiny coconut hole. How do you scrape all that yummy goodness when you can barely fit the spoon in the hole. But I got her done :)
3	They are located in a plaza on the Southeast corner of Jones and Desert Inn near Icy Juicy (situated in Cravin' Cajun's old spot). The layout hasn't changed, however, it has new flair to suit District One. I really like all the decals on the back wall!I came with a few Yelpers (The Q's, David V., and Paolo) and it was a new experience for most of us. We shared both of their chicken wings selections; Tamarind Wings ($6.95) and Garlic Serrano Pepper Wings ($6.95). The wings were fried without a batter and tossed/dressed in light sauces of their respective flavors. Both selections were bland, lacking a pinch of salt, however, the Garlic Serrano had great flavor potential. Without a batter, the wings lacked any type of crunch or bite. Additionally, the orders came with pickled vegetables (carrots and daikon) that were good! We also tried the Vietnamese Beef Carpaccio ($10.95), served with lime juice, white onion, and peanuts. The sauce (soy sauce and oil base) was very tasty and it made the beef taste amazing.Everyone ordered their own dishes, like Fish Tacos ($8.95), Tomato Rice (side order; $1.50), and the District One Rice Combo Platter ($11.95). The fish tacos were made with hamachi sashimi, avocado, cilantro, and cherry tomato in fried wonton "shells" and came in a set of three. It was okay, but nothing special. The tomato rice also lacked flavor and warranted a shrug. For the Combo Platter, you can choose between chargrilled short ribs or pork chop and it comes with kimchee, pickled vegetables, lap xuong (Chinese sausage), and a fried egg. The chargrilled short ribs were good and had a nice "char" flavor (no marinade).I ordered the Slow Braised Pork Belly in Young Coconut Juice ($8.95), served with a soft boiled egg, and Jasmine rice. This was really delicious! The meat was soft and tender and the sauce created from the coconut juice and pork belly was fragrant. I threw my whole bowl of rice into the stone pot to utilize every drop of the succulent sauce. Even if there weren't any other successful dishes, I would come back just for pork belly coconut juice! Everyone else seemed to really enjoy it as well.Service was really nice! We didn't realize that we had stayed almost an hour after their closing time, however, they were really cool about it. I like the menu because of its focus on Vietnamese fusion and obviously, that makes it unique. I don't eat Pho, but the MP Lobster Pho is definitely enticing! Not sure how much the price fluctuates, but it was approximately $27 last week. Anyway, I'm willing to give the other dishes a try and if anything, I'll always have the pork belly as a back-up plan!
4	Beef in betel leaves. Oxtail Pho. Pork belly in coconut juice. These are some of our favorite items here. Owned by the son of the owner of Pho So 1, we knew that we were in for some delicious Vietnamese food. Our high expectations were met the moment we tried the food here. With a small menu, they focused on high quality and innovative Vietnamese dishes. The restaurant itself has a clean, modern and hip look. Can't wait to come back and try other dishes!
3	The yellowtail mini tacos (3) are definitely something to write home about and they have a good mix of Pho and regular entrees. Very cool vibe inside with bar, table, and booth options. Reasonably priced at about $9/plate and a unique beer selection. As a pescetarian, I was disappointed in the lack of veggie options but I should have called ahead to check the menu because I believe that they change it often. There was a mishap with my Wonton Veggie order but the server and manager comped the soup and offered us a complimentary dessert. ----business done right
5	Had bomb ass Oxtail Pho..  Best Pho in town.   Atmosphere is trendy and hip.  Friendly staff and real authentic Asian food a twist..
4	My family checked this place out, the ambience was pretty good it has a modern, hip look to it. This used to be craving Cajun. I tried the braised pork and it was tender tasted really good. I didnt get the chance to order their specials . I will definitely come back and try out some of the other dishes on the menu.
5	Had the shrimp today AMAZING! Again with the Ox Tail Pho! Starting Friday they are open till 4am!
3	I had pork belly on my mind when I tried this place for lunch, but was a little disappointed to find out that they didn't have any since it was still cooking and it wouldn't be ready until dinner. Since I had my heart set on pork belly, it took me a little bit to recoup and figure out what to order. I finally decided on the combination rice plate with shortrib and my dining companion opted for the steak and eggs. The food came out pretty quickly, although my dish came out a few minutes before my friends, which was a little annoying. The lobster pho looked good as they were serving it to a neighboring table, so that definitely piqued my interest for my next interest.I enjoyed my shortribs and everything I tried was solid, just nothing amazing. Service was good but refills were a little hard to come by. I especially enjoyed the kim chee which was on the spicy side. That was my favorite thing about the meal. I still couldn't get the pork belly out of my head, so I'll likely have to come back for that, but I've learned my lesson and will call in advance to make sure that they have it ready before coming in.
5	This is by far the most unique and amazing Vietnamese fusion. Can't wait to return!  Bravo.
5	This is the best Vietnamese restaurant ever!!! I love this place. Christina and Kai are awesome. I had a fish tacos. It's soooooo good!!! You have to order this one. I had a fresh oysters. It's really refreshing. One of the best oyster I've ever had. They have a full bar now. They have so many drink to choose from. They are open till 4am now on weekend. This place is gonna be pack soon!!! Come check it out!!
4	Me and the bf have been wanting to try this place for a while now and take the fam here, so I thought why not try it out first before bringing the whole clan over. The atmosphere is really great when you walk in. Cute decoration and definitely brings a modern look to a Pho restaurant! Big plus because it doesn't terribly smell like Pho and have you worrying about your clothes when you walk out! They give you the option to either sit at a booth, open tables, bar or in a section somewhat closed off for tables.  The first time we came we asked for some recommendations and were encouraged to try out the lobster pho at $27.99 and yellowtail ahi tacos at $8.99, so we went ahead and did that. The tacos were soooo good. However, it was pricy for only only three small tacos. So I guess it really depends on what you are looking for: quality vs. quantity. The lobster pho was ok as far as taste (didn't wow me like I would expect) but the idea and look of the plate was cool. as far as the service, our waiters were great and very informational on the menu. I was a little distraught with. who I think, was the owner or manager. Both times I came to the restaurant, she spent more time trying to impress the "big buyers" and didn't stop to see how the other tables were doing even though those customers were right next to them. So that docks my service review a little. I also mentioned it to a friend of mine and she mentioned she noticed it the few times she went of the selective service. So for my review the first time around, I give the restaurant a 3 for food and 4 for service!My second time later that week I brought my family and ordered the oxtail soup and hue spicy beef noodle soup for me and the BF. Defffff redeemed themselves this second time around. I loved both soups and the oxtail was so soft it basically just came off the bone easily (I'm sorry no pictures for the second time around tho!). The service was all around the same as the first - good waiters, manager tended or paid notice only to other higher paying customers. But all in all, second time rating is a 5 for food and 4 for service!Definitely coming back again and again... But It won't be for the lobster pho! Love this place!
4	This is the old Cravin Cajun and perhaps still has remnants of it on their menu.  The new twist is the Vietnamese offerings.  We tried two entrees the five spice game hen and the shaken beef/eggs.  My favorite by far was the five spice game hen, two large hen quarters that are fried to a crisp on the outside and moist/juicy on the inside.  The shaken beef was nothing too special, tasted like Maggi seasoning on beef that you would get at other Vietnamese restaurants.  The appetizers were a little underwhelming besides the lemongrass beef skewers which were tasty.  We tried the pork belly buns and the tamarind wings, but I would probably pass on them next time.  The tamarind wings were watery tasting on the inside and not really that flavorful.  The old cravin cajun had better wings...  The pork belly buns were just okay.  The one item that I will come back for is the Big Bone Marrow Soup...it seemed every table had one....we got there early so didn't realize what was popular until we saw all the other tables cutting away at their big bone.  Overall, will definitely be back to try their other offerings.  They offer a variety of pho style noodle soups including oxtail and lobster pho.
4	Tamarind wings, yum! I had the pho bo vien. My friend had the short rib combo. Everything was good.  Would return, nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	So far one of the best customer service I have had in a while. Everyone is pretty friendly and helpful, they make sure you are comfortable. The food is pretty good different compared to other places. Highly recommended especially if you like seafood.    Everything you eat will be flavorful its like a party in your mouth. The place is big so it is good for big parties. Some of my favorites are the Oyster Pork belly bun Steak and eggs Oxtail pho Slow braised pork belly in coconut juiceCoconut mojito ( verry good!) must try Best of all the big bone soup this a must as well The price is also decent considering how good the food is. Typically don't write reviews  unless the service is really bad or if I had a really good experience. With all that said Kudos to the staff for such wonderful customer service please do keep it up because for sure my friends and I will be a regular. :) I love that they are open till 4 am on the weekends.
4	The food was awesome. The service was a little off, but not bad by any means. I would recommend this location to others.
4	"Come on guys" whines my Midwest poker bud as a bowl of soup, with a Flintstone size, sawed open beef bone is set before him; glistening, wobbly bits of bone marrow evident everywhere.   "I need some non Asian friends", almost pouting.  Then silence."Hey, let me try..." I start, only to be cut off."Get your own" the only reply.Not your typical Vietnamese eatery, instead an updated approach fusing other Asian flavors and  using ingredients more common in the States.  Hawaii yeeps, think Pig and the Lady done right.  Oh and it's a gastropub.Lobster pho.  Your typical pho dressed with a whole lobster (it's head sticking out of the bowl).  "Wash out" the head fat into the broth, some sriracha for heat and consume quickly.  The lobster, sweet and perfectly cooked when it first arrives, it rapidly overcooks in the hot broth.  Very complex.  The braised oxtail pho, with its almost gelatinous broth equally good.Pass on the Vietnamese American crab boil.  Instead try the wok tossed Dungeness crab in tamarind sauce (messy, the sweetness contrast with the tangy tamarind), or the diver scallop sashimi topped with tobiko, Serrano pepper, tomato and onion, mint, and a  tangy citrus soy sauce.  Oceanic candy!Into clams?  Steamed clams with basil and lemongrass, grilled clams or the stronger flavored razor clams with crushed peanuts and scallion oil, razor clam dressed with a soy truffle infusion topped with Serrano pepper slices, garlic flowers, and chives, with a side green papaya salad, or a spicy (similar to XO flavored), giant, wok cooked surf clam.Not perfect; the clams border on being over cooked, the "Vietnamese beef carpaccio" cooked from sitting in the citrus soy too long, and the braised pork belly (similar to Japanese kakuni) using coconut water instead of sake, over braised and crumbling.Casual vibe.  Off Strip, Asian service.  Large selection of reasonably priced beer.Simply put, intriguing.
5	- very good and quick service- depending on what you order the portions can be a good size.- ordered a few different items with my group and everything tasted very good. - prices are fair
4	Oxtail pho! Yum yum yum!I kept seeing this place pop up on yelp so decided to give it a try. Turns out, pho so 1's owner's son runs this place! My family and I have been going to pho so 1 for years so when I found out, I was super excited. My mom got to the restaurant first and she was waiting outside.  As soon as Khai saw her, he ran out and told her he'd get a table started while she waited for the rest of us to arrive. What awesome service. We felt like VIPs :PNot your typical vietnamese pho place. They have the common pho combos and also offer a variety of other fresh seafood items. I got the oxtail pho. It was ~$12, on the pricey side for pho... but totally worth it. My bowl came out with 3 huge pieces of oxtail! It also comes with a side of dipping sauce for the meat. Mix them up and squeeze a little bit of lemon and its delicious!My sister got Mi Sate. It came out and looked delicious but it definitely was not. It tasted like someone took half a jar of peanut butter and mixed it in with her soup. Way too peanut-y and sweet. Not a fan.One other minor complaint I have about this place is that my very Vietnamese mother had a difficult time ordering the specific pho combo she wanted. Their menu had the basics. She typically gets pho chin tai nam... not on the menu. Totally not a problem but when she tried to order, both my mother and the waitresses were confused. Neither of them spoke Vietnamese. I don't mind this at all but I know my mom wasn't too happy. She'd be more comfortable with going to a solely Vietnamese speaking establishment so I probably wont be coming here with my family but I know for sure I will be back with some friends! I really wanna try the Lobster Pho!!!!!
4	I am absolutely in lust with this place! I would give it 5-stars but they were all out of the first item I ordered and my second choice Item took 15 mins longer to come out than the rest of the tables order... Although, I really enjoyed my food and service was awesome!! I felt the food prices were on par with the food quality. I decided to skip a cocktail because the prices seemed to be a little high for off the-strip. I plan on going back soon because I enjoyed it so much!
4	The Oxtail Pho was wonderful!At a reasonable price, the Oxtail Pho ($11.95) is LOADED with Oxtail bones in an oily, flavorful pho broth.  VERY GOOD!  Portion size was very fair as well!  And the meat was much more tender than most....this would be my favorite rendition to date!I really wanted to try the Lobster Pho for around $27 (market price), but I am VERY happy I was able to try their Oxtail here!  Just gives me a reason to come back again :)Service was quick and efficient, and the restaurant itself looked clean and inviting.I will be back!
3	I've tried this place twice now hoping to find something I really like and tbh I don't find it to be anything special food wise. I tried several items on their menu from the pho to the steak and eggs and the spring rolls but none of them really stood out. In summary, experience is as cool and modern as they say, but the food is quite bland. The Vietnamese coffee is a must try, and it's not a good place for a date being that the music can get super loud and intense.
4	Went with a large group for a birthday celebration.Waitress and staff were attentive thorughout the night. The restaurant decor was pleasing and soothing, it was lamost like a place you would visit if you were near the beach or coast. The music ambience was modern and enjoyable.The food menu had a few selections which was good, as too many options at times seems to make things complicated. We ordered the Edemame for appetizers and were not too thrilled with the sauce. The Belly Buns were delicious and so were the Beef Lemongrass Skewers (love that the lemongrass stick was encompassed by the beef in order to enhance the flavor). As for their Pho dishes, I wish they had a lean meat option, I had the vegetable Pho and was happy the veggies were not "frozen" but freshly cut.Overall experience even with clitches of large parties being able to split checks, it was worth coming here. I recommend it.
2	I'm a little disappointed in this place considering all the hype I've heard about from others. The experience that I had wasn't as close to what others may have gone through. I came here with my boyfriend a little before noon way before the crowd even started to come in. We had ordered the pho nam, braised pork belly and egg rolls. The pho nam wasn't as great as expected. When coming to a vietnamese restaurant, you'd think the flavor would have some tradition in there and not a bland flavor. It seemed as though the broth was altered and not as delicious as you'd expect. As I waited for my dish to arrive, the braised pork, we started to notice that the other customers who came way after we ordered started to get their dish before mine. We asked the waiter/waitress where my order was as it had already been ten minutes after the pho came out. They said there was a back order in the kitchen. How the heck is there a back order when no one was there yet when we ordered?! great cover up...but not really because we told them there was no one here when we ordered and they just looked stumped......... by the time it finally did arrive which was 20 minutes later.... the food looked like it had been sitting under the warmer the whole time and so did the taste of it. For a place that received so many great reviews, highly disappointed. Rather go to their parent company Pho So 1 which actually makes great food and has the food come out in time instead of making up excuses. The Only Reason they are getting two stars is because they decided to give us 15% off our meal. So for that they get an extra star.
5	Yummy Lobster Pho! Well worth the drive. Opens at Noon for lunch stays open till 4am!
2	Items Selected:District One Kitchen & BarTamarind Chicken WingsGreen Papaya Salad - Shrimp, Pork, Mint, Crushed Roasted PeanutFish Tacos - Yellowtail, Avocado, Cilantro, Cherry TomatoOxtail PhoThe Big Bone Soup - Bone and Marrow SoupSlow Braised Pork Belly in Young Coconut Juice - Boiled Egg, Steamed Jasmine Rice1lb Shrimp D1 Goodness, Medium HeatOccupying the former home of Cravin' Cajun and serving up modern Vietnamese cuisine in a room one part hipster-industrial and one part sports bar it was with a group of five that I sat down at District One Kitchen & Bar just minutes after noon and focusing our order on variety the results proved 'variable' at best.  Clearly untrained and understaffed to handle a restaurant nearly 3/4 full by 12:30 it was with a trio of appetizers that our meal began and with beverage refills scarce as servers ran in circles perhaps it was fortuitous that none of the first round proved remotely spicy, the hamachi tacos bright and crisp at $3 each while dull, limp wings and the vinegar tinged salad proved entirely forgettable...and not particularly 'Vietnamese' at all.  Moving next to larger scale items, a duo of pho dishes would prove respectable if not particularly well presented; the supple oxtail imbuing long rice noodles with a meaty sapor while an enormous proximal femur laced its broth with fat to balance ample scallions, though heat remained mute even in the presence of sliced jalapenos.  Moving finally to the items that showed the kitchen's promise, suffice it to say that tender pork belly first braised then rendered soft in coconut milk proved by far the most complex option of the afternoon despite its unexpected sweetness and although a seemingly odd choice, the throwback 'get down n' dirty' shrimp finally delivered in the spice department, a pound of the snappy shell-ons again leaving my water-glass empty while wondering why we hadn't just gone to Crab Corner or Hot n' Juicy instead.
5	First time here. Staff were very good and the food had lots flavor. They have lots of tv's so we were able to watch the warriors game. Would definitely come back to this place again!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Service can be inconsistent depending on the server (some are inattentive while others are amazing). Parking is very limited when whole commercial center is busy.LIKE  The bar. The modern decor. One of the owners is very friendly and almost always available. Menu doesn't just offer traditional Vietnamese offerings.LOVE  Shaken beef salad. Lobster pho. Pork belly in coconut juice. Steak and eggs. Open late on the weekends. Location pretty close to home. Mekong River noodle soup.
4	Oooooh em gee!!!Serrano wings, fish taco, braised pork belly, steak and egg, ribeye pho!!It was amazing.. Everything melts in your mouth, I can't wait to come back!However.... On our steak and egg the egg was more than overcooked, it could've been a frisbee!! We requested a new one and OMG the same thing except the yolk was runny. Serious?! Hahaha I still can't figure out how amazing everything is and the egg is your failure... Isn't that like the very first thing we all learn to cook?! Lol.Yum!
5	District One is a great addition to the plethora of Asian restaurants in Las Vegas. The dishes are always fresh and the attention to detail is not what you expect in a restaurant the Chinatown district.
4	Went there last night; very convenient hours for those of us working late on the strip.  Setting was very clean, modern, and a good hang out spot.Overall, the pho was the highlight and very delicious but other items weren't as flavorful and just missed the mark a little bit.  Here's a break down:Fish taco: just ok, kind of fishy but it was a good concept.  Needed a flavorful relish or something else.Spring rolls: crunchy and the garnish (perilla leaf, lettuce, mint) was amazingly fresh and abundant. (I hate it when they only give you one perilla leaf or mint).  But the radish and carrot chips could've been marinated longer.Manila clams: good and full of clammy goodness but again, not super flavorful.  Lacked salt and maybe more herbs.Cornish game hens: well cooked, sauce was good, tomato rice could've had more flavorful.Ribeye and flank pho: we got this just to see how their standard pho was and it was deeeelicious.  Beefy broth with a hint of sweetness.  As with everything else the garnishes were super fresh.  Tender meat, and a lot of it.  It definitely makes me want to try more of their pho.Service:  I don't care about service that much especially because service at a lot of Asian spots on spring mountain is almost non-existent but this place was just odd.  Our wait staff were all young and very nice, but you could tell they lacked experience.  They sort of seemed to want to talk to each other and hang out with their friends who were sitting at another table.  One time we wanted another beer and tried to make eye contact with one of them and he just looked at us and waved awkwardly and turned around and sat down so he can talk to his friends some more...was hilarious and very weird.   And then 3 of them cleared our table but none of them offered to get us our check.  It's like if I opened a restaurant and hired my little brother and let him hire all his friends. But all in all I love that we have a new late night pho place!
4	What a great first time experience. Not your typical Chinatown restaurant. Definitely more on the American modern style setting. Kinda gives a feel for a wing house dining setting especially with all the large flat screen TVs located all around the restaurant. Food was delicious. Service was a little bit slow. I felt like the server could have checked on us more often. We order two appetizers: the fish tacos and pork belly buns. Our tacos came out first, and the buns were still missing. I had to ask the server if it was still coming out because she came to bring our entrees which was the pork chop combination rice plate and I had the shaken steak and egg with tomato rice. So I was a little disappointed the belly buns came out last considering I ordered it as an appetizer. Why is it even an appetizer of it's gonna come out AFTER my entree? that why I'm giving it 4stars verses the 5. Feel like the ball was dropped there.Out of all the items we ordered... All though my shaken steak was great, it wasn't phenomenal. It was a little too oily, although the flavor and taste was great. Even though I will be back for it. I think the one that really stuck out for me... Flavor and taste wise was the fish tacos. I must say it was to be one of the best fish tacos I've had. It was all good but it was missing a bit of a wow factor for me to give it 5 stars.
5	This place was delicious. We ordered king crab legs (D1 special), steamed clams with lemongrass basil sauce, scallops, fried rice, soft shell crab, short ribs, escargo and yellowtail tacos. All were amazing and not salty like most Asian restaurants. Cute place good staff!
3	I give it a 3 1/2 stars.Maybe we just ordered wrong?  I was super hyped about District One and I even braved the cramped parking lot with our SUV just to try this place out.  But we came away just a bit underwhelmed.  No pop!  No wow!  Just a long, drawn out poot.District One was hoppin', no joke there.  Sports on the TV, alcohol flowin' freely, and lots of heads on tables.  Very busy but luckily no wait when we visited.  The place is nice - modern, vibey, nice leather booths.  Shiny & new!  But the food...eh...was a bit lackluster.I love me some Vietnamese food, and I love me some fusion.  But while that may be good and appreciated, I gotta sway back to the classics.  What good is fusion if you don't have the classic down?  Does one not learn how to walk first before trying a 360 kick flip?  Do you just approach Heidi Klum and MInka Kelly without mastering the art of taking the 'grenade'?  I think not.Perhaps we should have ordered differently at District One, because what we had just didn't impress.  The menu looks delicious, rice dishes, soups, noodles, lots of Asian-inspired cuisine.  But that day I really wanted pho, and the wifey really wanted wings.  We started off with the Tamarind Wings.  Wow.  For $6, I'm sorry to say, I felt a bit ripped off.  These were 6 of the tiniest @$$ wings I've ever seen!  At $1 a piece damn were they small.  I mean, these wings were literally half the size of those you see at a place like Wing Stop.  Nearly no meat!  I guess I wouldn't have complained if they were some bomb-diggety wings...but...they were bland.  Oh, just bland.  There was a bit of sweetness to them but that was it.  One note.  No mixing of flavors, no sour, no heat, no crunch, no nothing.  I don't think they were properly seasoned as well because I didn't get much of a salty flavor either.  So plain.  This app definitely left the wifey and I hungry and hoping the main dish would fit the bill.We both stayed basic and got the Pho Bo Vien, the beef pho.  It came to the table steaming hot, nice.  But again....what's with the portion?  The bowl was smaller than what we were used to at other Vietnamese places around town.  And for $8 each, we were a bit surprised.  At other decent places around town, for the same price I can get the special pho with more goodies, and in a bigger bowl.  We got our little plate of veggies as well for sharing.  This included some basil, bean sprouts, and fresh chilies.  The pho was pretty good, District One has some great broth.  Not overly salty, lots of complex flavor, good on the palette.  But boy did I crave for more noodles and more beef to sop this broth up.  The service for us was excellent.  Server was very attentive, wasn't hesitant to let us know if we had any questions on the menu to just ask.    Water was kept filled.Overall it was an OK first visit to District One.  The wifey and I left hungry and were eating again less than two hours later.  I think place does warrant another visit, but maybe next time we'll go with the more popular dishes they serve.  I do fancy some Big Bone Soup or some Oxtail Pho!
4	District One - Vietnamese restaurant that is lounge and bar style. Incredibly great service, average check ranging from $13-$15. The food looks beautiful yet it's not the best, however the service is so nice and great that you can't even complain. I would give this restaurant 4/5 because how great the service is.
5	I had been anxious to try this restaurant and am happy to report everything was outstanding. We shared the scallop special of the day, beef carpaccio,  fried rice, soup and coconut ice cream. The food was fresh, everything was balanced and tasty. I can't wait to go back again!
5	Been here three times now and with each visit it gets better! Lobster pho, beef carpaccio,  and oysters are must haves. Service is great and the owner has come by the table to check on things each time we've been. You'll be happy you stopped in.
4	I heard about this place mentioned a couple of times by not only my husband but a few of my foodie friends.  They told me that they had Oxtail Pho.  Man was I craving some Oxtail Pho during lent, I gave up noodles for Lent.  So, I finally had the chance to go and eat here with a few other peeps.  You know how it goes when there are more mouths to feed, more chances to try more food on the menu! Yesssssss.  We were greeted by a few of the staff and they began by telling us all the awesome things they had on special that night.  In nice resturant lingo like "Chef has prepared...." Hey District One, nice touch on selling your menu.District one is the old Cravin Cajun.  They fixed up the restaurant really nice.  Plenty of room if you have a big party.  Ono (delicious) to the grinds.We had oysters, squid, chicken wings, papaya salad, quail...and that is just to name a few.  Of course, I still managed to get Oxtail Pho.  I still like another Pho place because their Pho broth is bomb, but the price they charge here would actually bring me back because of that.  It wasn't bad pho broth.  They actually gave HUGE oxtails.  By the way, if you still want your crawfish/crab/shrimp boil fix, you can still get it from District One.  Think I will have to try that they next time.   And the pork belly seems to be a hit so I better try that too.  My hubs liked it because they had a lot of his favorite Asian Whiskeys.  See Jesse N :)Well they made me a fan. As you can tell from my review I will be back.  I hope the hype stays good since I've seen this place change up a few times.  The variety they offer is awesome because everyone at the table should get different Asian fixes here...Yup, I said that.  Lil' asian me.
4	I wanted to give this place a five because i really liked the food but i felt the staff especially the manager was lacking. My bf and i started with the razor calms at $14.95. They were meaty but flavor was only ok. We also got the fish tacos which were pretty good. It came with three wantons skins fried and shaped like taco shells and filled with yellow tail and added veg. My bf got the oxtail pho. I thought the broth was very flavorful and i enjoyed it alot. The oxtail was fall off the bone tender. I had the district one rice combo. That included a large heap of white rice with a fried egg on top, pretty spicy kim chee, pickled veg, a small and thin but very tender and full of tasty goodness pork chop. The seasoning on it was to die for. Lastly it was suppose to have chinese sausage. My food came out and i noticed the sausage i was really looking forward wasnt on my plate. I told the waiter that explained yo mr thats what i ordered. I told him that what i read on the menu was different so he went to check then to the kitchen then back to me. He apologized and said the kitchen ran out of the sausage which i have never heard of a kitchen running out of a regular item on a menu that is in fact offered twice on the menu, even worse 168 supermarket is across the street and houses about 20 varities of chinese sausage. I was quite disappointed and shocked that the kitchen didnt inform my waiter and i guess i wasnt suppose to notice. To appease me they brought out free coconut ice cream that too was yummy. Upon heading to the bathroom i saw food come out with the sausage. I asked a waiter and they said i saw it correctly. I called the manager over who was comfortably dressed in running pants and nikes and explained what happened. She told me they did run out if the sausage and sent someone to the store after i was served and she felt the ice cream was a nice enough gift. I told her it was but i wanted the sausage now that was suppose to be in my meal to begin with she said the she thought the ice cream would have taken care of that which i replied that i would pay for "her kind gift" if its a issue but i wanted my sausage. I hate to say im coming back cause clearly customer service is lacking but i really enjoyed the food. I should have known the manager was a joke when i saw her behind the bar getting her hair played with.
4	Had a late dinner here a coupla weeks ago:- Nice place with an eclectic menu, including even fish(?) tacos.- Rene(?), my waitress, forgot to take my order or was busy, but she was really apologetic and made up for it.- I enjoyed the oxtail pho.  Will definitely try this place again.
4	4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Sunday evening. Parking can be a challenge since there are many businesses located in this strip center. Having visited Vietnam several times I'm familiar with this name and have stayed in the District Four located in Saigon. The decor  is modern and the staff are younger and were all friendly.I ordered the Chicken Pho the pork belly stew & jasmine rice. The pho arrived first and broth was flavorful and chicken was lean.  Before finishing the pho the stew arrived and it looked great and was tender and delicious.  The sauce over the jasmine rice was a perfect combination and filling. I inquired about dessert and my friendly waitress suggested the coconut ice cream which was served in a coconut shell and definitely succeeded in a happy ending.They accept credit cards here and the prices are average.  I would certainly return here again.
5	Awesome pho ox tail soup, beef carpaccio, oysters were bomb with ponzu sauce and fucking caviar! Ohh and coconut ice cream bomb.
5	This place is outstanding. I'm visiting Vegas for a few days and decided to get away from the strip and try something new. The place is a nice sports restaurant with excellent Asian food. The fried rice was awesome along with the noodle soup.  I will be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Love it!  The service is top notch, the restaurant is clean and bright, and the food is awesome.  One thing we were actually quite impressed by was the wine selection.  For a small Asian restaurant they have very good wines on their list at a very reasonable markup.  Their food is definitely a mix of items that are traditional and "new", but everything was prepared really well.  We opted for the special Kauai fried/grilled shrimp was were really tasty head on Santa Barbara prawn sized shrimp with some chili sprinkles.  I had the Hue noodle soup which had a very fragrant and spicy broth that hit the spot for me.  The beef salad was also really good.  I would say the only thing that was just ok were the oysters.  They weren't bad but there was nothing special about them at all.  Another restaurant added to my regular LV Chinatown list! BTW, this plaza is FILLED with great places.  Another one of my favorite places is Shaanxi Gourmet a few doors down. Q Bistro next door is pretty decent for big portions and food to eat with your beer!
5	This place is amazing!!! I took my friends from out of town (LA) and they absolutely loved it. A few days after our first visit, my friends requested to eat there once more before driving back to LA. Our favorite menu items were the fish tacos (a perfect light crunchy shell with diced yellowtail inside), spicy beef noodle soup, their oysters are to die for( topped with caviar and a light ponzu sauce for dressing), the beef carpaccio has plentiful of flavors and melts in your mouth, their spring rolls and fried egg rolls are great, and their lobster pho is one of a kind. I love it here and will be  coming back often. I don't care about what they wear or what shoes they have on as long as the food is good and their service is friendly. The staff is awesome and their manager crystina made sure our whole experience was perfect. And it was! Thank you crystina and district one for two great dinners during this past weekend!!
5	This place is a solid 4.5 stars.  I round up for family owned places and down for chains...so they get 5!  The deduction of .5 stars would be for the lack of parking (which I know they can't help) and for a little pet peeve of mine, not listing the market prices.  If you are going to have things on the menu that are at market price, list the prices on the chalk board or have the servers mention them without having to be asked.  Now to the good stuff.  The oxtail pho was very good.  Large pieces of oxtail that were falling off the bone.  Also, the spicy beef soup was the kind of soup one would love to have on a cold winter night.  We wanted to try the big bone soup, but it was sold out.  The pork belly buns were good, but not great.
5	This place is a gem here in Vegas. Best food and amazingly priced! My nail guy, Harry (who works and owns the amazing Exquisite Nails) recommended this place because his friend, Nelson owns the joint. Not only did Nelson take care of us but (again) the food and service was out of this world!
5	Incredible food to say the least. This is my first time here and what makes it a home run for me is the atmosphere. It's a different type of Vietnamese restaurants.
5	I love coming to d1 and eating fusion Vietnamese food and catching all the games football basketball on all the led tv screens. They has a full bar and they usually have good live crawfish. The owner Khai is a very cool guy and always introduces himself and make sure out experience is great! Recommend this place for everyone!
5	My new favorite place to go when me and my wife are craving pho & cornish hen.  Beautiful and modern decor and friendly & great staff.  Everything we ordered tasted great and looked delicious.  The portion for the Cornish hen is extremely generous.  A must try if you are a local like us or in town for vacation.
4	Cool looking space with that "industrial-hipster" look of exposed beams, metal, wood and a bar with wood pallets as a base.  Food was pretty tasty with the grilled squid being a must!  If the coconut ice cream is available then get it because it's a sweet, palate-cleansing mix of Filipino/Vietnamese type dessert.
5	The first place I want to go to when I'm craving some good pho.. Not even just any pho..  oxtail and lobster pho for very reasonable prices! The oysters and pork belly are also amazing. I also love how spacious and clean  the restaurant is.. District is now my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas!!
3	Hipster Vietnamese fusion...I like, I don't like it, then I like it again. This is pretty much the feelings I had when visiting District one. If a place projects itself as hipster, does that mean really they are no longer hipster? I got some googling to do.After a cool yelp night at the Mirage, we decided a late night snack was required and after seeing some nice reviews of District One and throwing it up on my bookmarked places we decided to venture here.Thursday night, the car park is packed, I have no idea why, maybe something was going on in another business that I didn't see or hear, so make sure you be patient. Walking into a near empty restaurant we were seated in a nice booth with a nice window view of some cool cars and neon lights. The layout is actually quite nice, with a nice long bar at the rear of house and nice big Tv's. The centre has 4 tabled chairs with a few booths closer to front of house. This place is a hipster bar, it doesn't seem like a restaurant in china or Asian town.We were greeted by an extremely nice sever who went through a bit of the menu and made a few recommendations. All prices were very very reasonable, and dishes were quite large.After looking at a few reviews on yelp we went with the Pork Belly Buns. And I'd like to pass on they were great!! As a main I grabbed the 5 Spice Hen. Little disappointed in this dish, very very dry and a little bland. I tried the Oxtail Soup which was a little difficult to eat but I will say to give it a try!I like District One, I'm a little unsure how successful it has been, but I do believe the location might hurt them a little. This market would serve better on the strip or in a Green Valley or even in the heart of Summerlin with less Asian restaurant competition.OverallPrice: $$Drink: 3-5Food: 3-5Service: 4-5Come back: Maybe
5	Love the interior of this place. Place to just chill with your boyz. I had the "District One Combo Platter" you can ask for both short rib n pork chop for extra $3. Love the house kimchi that came with the platter as well as Chinese sausage. My wife had the "Pho Ox Tail" Ox tail was just cook perfectly! We ordered coconut ice cream in coconut as dessert. We asked our server if we can have the coconut juice from the coconut n he bought us cup of coconut juice. Thanx Aaron!
4	Where to begin?  The vietnamese fusion idea was not appealing at first but then my drink came.  Vietnamese donkey drink (I think thats what it was called) was delicious and refreshing.  A lychee vodka mix it was by far my favorite drink.Then the food came.  Their take on the papaya salad was incredible.  The oysters were also incredibly delectable.  The lobster pho was eaten by a friend and he said it was awesome.  A whole lobster was put into the pho making it a complete lobster dish.  I will be getting that next time.  All in all a great place with great service.
4	I took my family out for dinner and wanted to try something new. This was an important dinner so it had to be somewhere good. The glowing reviews brought us here. We had to wait for a few minutes for a table which was bearable thanks to all their flat screen TV's with the OKC game on.Pork Belly Buns:Braised pork belly with sauce, peanuts and cilantro. This was tasty and fatty. 4/5Soft Shell Crab:Big pieces of deep-fried soft shell crab with a dipping sauce. 4/5Lobster Pho:Here's a dish you won't see at most Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas. The broth was quite tasty. They serve the whole lobster with head, claws and tail - the body and claws have been de-shelled so all you have to do is eat and enjoy. Market price for when I went was $32. 4.5/5Mi Sate:A big bowl of egg noodles and beef in peanut sauce. It tastes like Filipino kare-kare but much watery and with noodles. 3.5/5District One Rice Combo Platter:Short ribs (or you can get pork chop), kimchi, fried egg, Chinese sausage, and rice. A big plate that will not leave you hungry. The short ribs were flavorful and grilled. 4/5The place seems like a good place to hang out at. The bar looks promising and I was watching the bartender interact with people at the bar during commercials - the people at the bar seemed pleased. They do serve alcohol, Vietnamese coffee, soda, etc. Our server, Tien was alright. He forgot to check on our drinks though. A different server gave us our check and asked if we wanted refills - too late! Tien came back to offer is refills - again, too late! Service could definitely be improved.
5	Oh, wow.  Where do I start?  One of my friends brought me here.  It's in the old Ragin' Cajun, but it's nothing like that.  The menu is only what I can call "Asian Eclectic."  I had the whole Maine lobster pho, my friend had the razor clams in lemongrass and Thai basil.  The staff are great and the service is fantastic.  To quote a TV show I like, "You Gotta Eat Here."
5	This is one of the best restaurants I've been to. The service was amazing! TK was our server and he's absolutely awesome. The food fantastic. Their pork belly is one of my favorites. They also have an awesome drink selection and really good whiskey. I will definitive be a regular here
5	Bringing my friends in for game night and my lady for date night. One stop dining experience. Ask for chef Khai!
2	The appetizers were delicious, but that's about it. The traditional dishes are subpar and overpriced. My girlfriend and her family are Vietnamese and they were severely disappointed. The appetizers alone cannot bring me back here. However, the staff was nice and helpful and the decor was great.
4	I have been here a few times since it's close by to where I live. Place is great nice atmosphere, clean, booths are huge they have a lot of TV's. Had the garlic wings, tacos, steak and eggs, Cornish hen, rib eye pho, shaken beef salad, beef lemon grass (both styles), vegetarian egg rolls. All were awesome. Whenever I'm down to watch a game I will probably head there.
4	omg oxtail pho and lobster pho. the pho broth is so clean tasting. super friendly staff, casual late night eatery, good selection of alcohol. if you want asian fusion food, this is the place. excellent seafood choices. if you want really good pho, this is the place.
5	Was introduced to this place by another friend visiting Las Vegas. Great food, great drinks, great people!!! The owner, servers and bartenders went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. Added this to my must have's when in Vegas!!!
4	We saw this place open up and bookmarked it immediately. I'm always excited when a new Asian Cuisine place opens up in town!We came here on Friday night to try out this new lovely place. It wasn't busy and we were immediately seated. The waitress was very attentive and took our orders quickly. We ordered - Fish TacosVery good. I wish they made a larger size so you can have it as an entree. Who wants little bitty tacos?!?Shaken Beef SaladVery good. It was a good mix of sweet and spicy, very flavorful!Garlic Serrano Wings -Not very spicy in our opinion, but still very good. It had a very good flavor and the wings were cooked perfectly. They were SUPER garlicy though. So much you can taste that shit the next day.The short rib combo plate -The ribs were very good, it's the only thing on the plate that has flavor besides the bowlful of garlic kimchi which I stayed away from. Overall, the food, was very good. They have a good alcohol selection and they have TV's up everywhere playing sports as well. It's very clean and "hip" inside.Definitely will try out again and try out some more food!
4	My BF and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to try this place out! When we got to the restaurant, we were seated right away. We looked over the menu and figured out what we wanted fairly quick.  We waited a little long to get our orders taken, which was odd, because it seemed like there were more workers than customers! When we looked around seriously each table had a worker tending to them!! One of the managers (I assume) went up to us to apologize about someone not helping us and got someone to take our orders right away. I appreciated that. The service was great after that! On to the food, we had the pork belly buns and the fish tacos for our appetizers. Both were delicious. Just wished they were bigger or served more in a dish, but that's my inner fatty talking! My boyfriend had one of their steak dishes which he said he enjoyed! I had the slow braised pork belly in young coconut juice. That dish was soooo good! I love pork belly and that meat was so flavorful and melted in my mouth!! It was on point!!! I would definitely check this spot again and try their other dishes!!
5	Shaken beef salad was amazing. Shrimp skewers were delicious. The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable. I am already planning our return meal.
5	Great service, so many things on the menu I would like to try. Definitely will return on my next visit to Vegas.
2	The food was very yummy!!  However,  they do not accept debit/credit cards for payments under $15.  This goes against the Merchant Service Contract businesses sign to accept Visa/MasterCard.  One District does not post their policy.  One District just expects their customers to spend more money in their establishment.   This customer will not be spending any more money there.
3	Beef carpacio.... awesome. . Lobster pho...WOW.... Why only 3 stars.... The service ... horrible. ..sorry to say.... But I would definitely return to see what else that kitchen can produce
5	Holy my Moly. This is another restaurant that gets me hard.District One is a hidden gem. I typically visit this establishment at least once for all my trips to vegas. In fact, its the first place that I stop by when I drive to Vegas from Cali. Food/Eating taking priority over Partying/Drinking...what is going on?? Yah its that guud! Its known as the "new Go-To spot" for all people of Las Vegas. I love PHO. I REALLY DO LOVE PHO. Simple, light, and delicious. What originally caught my attention about this restaurant was that they had OXTAIL pho and BONE MARROW pho. WHAT?? Yes...an oxtail where the meat falls right off the bone like butter and a delicious bone marrow with TONS and TONS of tendon. The sight of the bone marrow and oxtail makes all foodies say the 3 magic letters: O, M, G.  The protein and meats were absolutely delicious. The noodles were perfect and weren't too soggy and the basil and leaves were fresh to perfection.(Fun Fact: Tendon is high in protein and low in fat)Anywho...When Im intoxicated beyond belief, or when I have any sort of alcohol in my system, the number 1 thing I crave is Soup and Noodles, in particular: PHO. And when Im hungover as hell the next morning, my number 1 cure is PHO. Being drunk in Las Vegas is fun, but being drunk w/o any delicious food to be consumed sucks. I wish there was a 24/7 buffet. Tacos El Gordos isn't as great as the original location in SD. Steak and Eggs for some cheap price just doesn't cut it. Earl of Sandwich gets boring. And who wants to pay for overpriced room service?? PHO is my answer! Another cool thing about this place is that its open till 3 AM. And another cool thing about this location is that they serve lots and lots of craft Beers. I had a Soba Ale created by Chef Morimoto...this is an ABSOLUTE MUST TRY!If your drunk, or if your looking for a place with great Vietnamese food, come out to District One. This place has a 4.5 star rating for a reason! This is a must-visit for all foodies, especially those people (*cough asians) who love to take pictures of their own food. This Bone Marrow is a must-see-in-person type of deal! This place gets me hard, and I love everything about this restaurant, everything from the customer service, to meeting the managers, to the decor, and the plating.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	Good food & service. We went for lunch ordering the pork buns, big bone marrow soup, steak & eggs sub the rice for garlic noodles, short ribs and rice combo. Everything was yummy and the booth had plenty of space for our kids. The customers continuously came in on a Sunday for lunch, I can imagine the dinner and late nights are packed.
4	I've had my fair share of pho in Las Vegas and hands down D1 makes the best bowl in town! The broth isn't too oily (like most) and doesn't even need much sauce to amp the flavor. Their appetizers never let me down.. The Vietnamese beef carpaccio is absolutely delicious!!The restaurant is kept clean and the design is way beyond than your average Vietnamese joint. Two thumbs up guys!
4	First of all the food was great we had the pork belly cooked in young coconut juice, crispy eggroll, combination plate w/short ribs and a fried egg on top of rice, raw oysters...prepared with a thin slice of jalapeno and caviar on top. I did not like the flavor of the oysters even though they were prepared fresh. But all our other dishes were delicious! I would eat here again.We also had a 2 yr old that they tolerated...which is always nice.
5	Best service in Chinatown. The ingredients are of the highest quality and it comes out in the end product.You have to try the lobster pho!
3	Interesting concept and a hidden gem in Las Vegas Chinatown.Food: We weren't particularly too hungry this day so we ordered the Garlic Serrano Wings and Steak and Eggs. I've been to a restaurant in the past where they served a dish similar to the steak and eggs so I was pretty excited about this dish. Although all around it was good, it wasn't noteworthy. The beef was a little bit on the tough side, but the flavor made up for that. As for the rice that came alongside it, it definitely lacked some flavor. The Garlic Serrano wings were also subpar. These little wings didnt much meat clinging to the bones and the flavor was lacking as well. The flavors sounded really good on paper, but to be honest I probably won't order this again. I really wanted to try their famous Lobster Pho, but that will have to be ordered during my next visit. Environment/ambiance: The restaurant itself is placed in the middle of what looks like an old school Asian plaza. The decor is new and different, almost screaming that it's modern next to its neighbors. On a sunny day you can't miss it---it shines in the sun. Indoors it looks like it used to be a Boiling Crab. They do a good job of representing their seafood theme. It's cozy, a little musty, and the only thing missing is nearby seawater. There's booths along the walls and a few tables for large groups in the middle. Service: We came early during the lunch hour so we were seated right away. We were also attended to right away by our server, but he didn't do much talking. It would've been helpful if he explained the menu more (although I already had in mind what I wanted to order so no explanation needed).Tips: This is definitely a place to eat, drink, watch a game, and hang out with friends. It got pretty busy as it got later during the lunch rush. They have different menu items than other restaurants so give it a try!
4	I liked the setup and people are friendly. I wish they would have more seafood on stock but thats the price you pay for fresh ingredients.
5	Great Ox Tail soup and Oysters !
1	Visit location with a party of 8 people. Although there were tables available, the server (possibly the owner) said that we can't sit down as they are trying to balance the kitchen to ensure a bigger party before us could be properly served. Yes, we get that but at least let us sit at the open table. How can you deny your customers from sitting down when there were tables available?
1	This places really sucks the worst place I been to in Vegas. They don't have half the food in their menu the food takes like 45 min to come out. I don't know why the pho takes over 50 min to come out when you just add soup and make the noodle.  I would never come again
3	2 1/2 stars. Came in on a Sunday evening and the place was so busy they were overwhelmed with crowds from the EDC - Electronic Daisy Carnival. I'm not sure if management was unprepared but the service and quality was totally absent this second time dinning here.I ordered the Mekong River Noodle soup, pork belly with coconut juice appetizer and Garlic noodles with shaken beef & egg. I asked for the Noodle soup to be served first and balance of entrees to follow. Unfortunately the waitress brought  Won ton noodle soup which was incorrect,  after telling a different waiter who apologized BC they were busy and redelivered the wonton noodle soup to the table next store. When my correct soup arrived the noodles were flavorful and tasty and consisted of shrimp, quail eggs, sliced pork, chives and yummy broth.  The pork belly arrived secondly and it was tasty over the steam rice. Lastly the garlic noodles were totally a miss - horribly greasy and overpriced at $13.95! The waiter apologized for the poor service and offered me complimentary coconut ice cream dessert which took some time to receive since he never advised the waitress who only showed up once after bringing the wrong soup so she had to confirm the complimentary ice cream with the mangager!I don't know if I'll return here again or if they're busy....I would avoid this place. I Hope they get their service together and hope this was a fluke incident.
3	Went for the first time with my friend and daughter. I liked the layout and modernness of the restaurant. It was around lunch time when we stopped by, and even for edc weekend we were seated right away. Our host/server were both very nice, they smiled and were very friendly and was able to suggest. Went to wash my hands and it was interesting how there were sinks outside of the bathrooms. For myself I just wanted to wash my hands and my daughter needed to use the restrooms. Which were very clean and they didn't smell.I had ordered the lobster pho, Spring rolls for my daughter. And oysters to share with my friend. He had ordered for himself the cube chopped beef with I believe garlic noodles and an egg on top. Also an appetizer of fried chicken. With that two Vietnamese coffees. And for desert, coconut ice cream. I think that's their only desert for now.Lobster pho- the broth was good, but not great. I felt like it lacked flavor. The lobster was good too, I liked how they pick out the tail and claws for you. The noodles taste like any other pho noodle, it was not too soggy. However, that was it. It was just a boring bowl of lobster pho. Nothing wow.Spring rolls- I enjoyed the crunch they added in the Spring roll.  But I wish there were more meat and noodles, the greens took up more then half of what was inside. The sauce was ok. My daughter normally loves Spring rolls but this one she only ate half.Beef w/ garlice noodles- noodles and beef were plain, barely much flavor. I felt so bad for my friend that ordered this, since he was from east coast and I wanted to take him to a restaurant that he would love. This dish didnt do it. Oysters- yummy! I really enjoyed this and the sauces and flavors they added to the oysters. Would definitely order this again. Pretty small ones though.Coconut ice cream inside fresh real coconuts. AMAZING. Never had anything like this before! coconuts ice cream with I think green jello on the bottom! very creamy yumminess on top and nuts sprinkled as well. I very much enjoyed this desert and would come back for more. It was not too sweet for me and my friend and I thought it was just enough sweetness. Must try!Disappointed in our main dishes, desert and oysters were great. I will come back because I want to try the rest of the menu.
5	This place is so awesome! Love the atmosphere, love the happy hour menu, love the bartenders (especially Tomas and Marcus)! Great beer selection, if you go, i mean WHEN you go, definitely get the belly buns, the edamame (comes with spicy cuttlefish mixed into it in a gooey way, yum yum! for all you azn flavor lovers) shrimp spring rolls, and serano pepper wings:) thank you districtONE!
5	Here for Happy Hour and their fish tacos are perfect. The Oxtail fried rice was the best dish with their big chunks of oxtail. $1 oysters. Great rexaled vibe here
5	I really love that there is such a good atmosphere for friends and family's to enjoy good Vietnamese dishes. The staff is always very attentive and so personable. There's free Wifi for my kids to play on their iPads and have the best Oxtail Pho in town! Broth is clear and tasty, amongst other plates on the menu, this is by far my go to order.  PLEASE expand another restaurant in Henderson!!!  I would drive here every week if I could !
2	they ran out of lobster pho (only reason to drop by). their other pho was pretty msg'd out otherwise i guess if your hometown pho is already pretty dope, coming to vegas for viet is a step down.  i love the fact that they have a bar and it's a laidback interior.  otherwise, keep your viet urges till you leave sin city.  o yes, service and timeliness was almost worst than your average chinese hole-in-the-wall (too bad!)
5	This place is LEGIT!!!  Servers are sweet.  Britney and Jonnazel are the sweetest and attentative!!!  Their fusion stuff is awesome. Definitely a better variety compared to other places.
3	Came here with a friend and his sister (both locals) at their recommendation before heading to the airport to return home after a business trip.  Initially, I was a tad put off, for as we entered the establishment, the hostess, possibly the manager, completely ignored us for several minutes, favoring she was chatting with near the bar.  Eventually, she came over, seated us, and returned to her friend and a group of young gentleman sitting near the bar.  She never left that spot the rest of the time that we were there.  In my opinion, not the best managerial customer service.  But I digress...we arrived during Happy Hour, so I ordered two orders of the pork belly baos and one order of the tamarind chicken wings.  The service was very friendly and prompt.  The food was delicious!  Definitely, an excellent recommendation from my friend.  Definitely a locals place, but worth the drive if you are staying on the Strip.   Hopefully, the manager will learn to be a bit more attentive to all of her customers.
2	So disappointed  I drove from the southeast  part of Las Vegas  I got there and there was no bone marrow  soup.  Lesson learned so 2nd time I called told me in about 3 hours I got tired of the long time so I went somewhere else. 3rd time I called they said they had the soup so I drove there again. Took them almost 45 minutes to prepare  it. I am thinking this  would  be awesome. Someone asked me if I wanted something to drink so I ordered  iced coffee. When  he came back he said there was no cream so I said forget the coffee bring me my soup. Finally it came it was a big bone soup, I was imagining  all the bone marrow  that I was getting I was so excited, I put my knife  inside the bone no marrow.  The other bone had a little  so I was ok until someone  ask me how the food was I told her about the situation  and she totally agreed  with me, she went to the kitchen  to talk to the chef and the answer was  it depends on the cut of the bone. The name of the soup was big bone soup the description  said it has marrow on it. But there was a tiny tiny marrow in this humongous bone. I'm sorry but I'm not coming back.  By the way the service was good but I  drove there  twice for the bone  marrow soup. For me it didn't  happen.
4	This place is always good! The atmosphere and waiters/waitresses are some of the best. Very professional and willing to accommodate. One of my regular go to spots. Must try: Hamachi tacos, pork belly in young coconut juice, & tomato rice!
3	They ran out of sake bomb which sucked because my friend and I really wanted one. The pho was okay, but when I return I'm not going to be ordering pho. The meat didn't cook and even when we asked for a hotter soup it still wasn't hot enough. This place is not bad though I liked it & the atmosphere is nice. I'll definitely be coming back to try the other food they have.
5	We love this place! Happy hour twice a day and it's open late night! We always sit at the bar because we love the bartenders! Marcus and Tomas are awesome! Ask Tomas for his famous lemongrass Siracha shot (sounds weird but they're soooo good). Oysters are $1 each during happy hour too.. Great beer selection and amazing service!
1	I obviously don't "get this place" while I appreciate the decor the food leaves a ton to be desired.  Honestly I don't care if I am eating at a bus stop out of a paper hat if the food is good I will eat there every day.  This is literally the reason I hate trying new places.  When I arrived for a late lunch around 2pm the place was pretty busy. I later put two and two together and figured the only people drinking a bottle of Veuve on a Monday afternoon would be the owner and his friends.  I ordered the rib eye pho, I may not be an expert but I have had pho at more than 20 places in Las Vegas and LA including staples like Pho Kim Long.  The pho at District One tasted like they took beef jerky from Wal-Mart and soaked it in hot water then threw in some "Fresh vegetables" also from Wal-Mart with maybe a dash of MSG but certainly not enough to add any flavor.  It was the worst Pho I have ever had. Period. I am writing this review absolutely starving because I took two bites and realized that even the entire bottle of cheap Hoisen sauce couldn't improve the flavor.When I told the server it wasn't good and I just wanted a box and the check (In hindsight I don't even know why i would bother taking it to go.) She didn't include any utensils or sauces so she must have imagined I would just throw it out. She did give a half hearted apology and offer something different however I was so disgusted with the food so far I couldn't picture anything else on the menu edible.Here is the worst part of the entire experience, I believe the level of ineptitude transcends anything thing the "chef" could ruin in the back of the house. So I have already voiced my frustration with how awful the food is and I am actually offering to pay for it as opposed to just walking out and telling them where to stick it. I put my debit card in the $8 check and she promptly returns to inform me there is a $15 minimum on CC transactions. REALLY? Do I have cash? No... I don't have cash.I will go ahead and lay out the reasons why this pisses me off so much.1. $15 dollar minimum! Seriously?  This is illegal according to the Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Bill(3) LIMITATION ON RESTRICTIONS ON SETTING TRANSACTION MINIMUMS OR MAXIMUMS.  (A) IN GENERAL.--A payment card network shall not, directly or through any agent, processor, or licensed member of the network, by contract, requirement, condition, penalty, or otherwise, inhibit the ability (i) of any person to set a minimum dollar value for the acceptance by that person of credit cards, to the extent that (I) such minimum dollar value does not differentiate between issuers or between payment card networks; and (II) such minimum dollar value does not exceed $10.002. This is stupid, what do you think their average transaction for lunch is? I'm going to go ahead and say their average check is just under $15. You are only going to piss people off with these kinds of restrictions. This may have flown 15 years ago but when the lady selling tamales out of her van started accepting credit cards on her iPhone it made this place look ridiculous.When McDonald's started allowing credit card payments, they found that the average purchase size increased from $4.50 to $7.00 (source: NPR). A broad study across multiple industries conducted by Dunn & Bradstreet found that purchase sizes were 12% to 18% more when paid for with credit card.3. I am obviously already having a bad experience, why not just proactively handle the problem and when you drop off my check let me know "for next time"?  Would it really have been that hard for her do think autonomously without me needing to get more upset than I already was?In conclusion: Don't go here. It isn't worth the hassle or frustration, maybe the owner should put down his noontime Champaign and get in the kitchen. I don't know what else can save this place from becoming yet another mediocre eatery in a city that deserves better.
1	After wasting my lunch break, I'm appalled to see the type of ratings they've managed to receive. It really does give me an indication of what money can buy because quality certainly wasn't on their priority list when opening a restaurant. I felt like pho-bomination they served me today was cooked in a toilet bowl after the violent passing of spring rolls and slim jim.Mind you, I have eaten a fair share of Pho places throughout the WORLD, including in Vietnam. I'd be ashamed to serve this lukewarm soaked garbage with chunks of shoe leather to my own enemies. Will i go back? I would rather fallete a vagabond with a mild case of gonorrhea then put myself through another wasted meal at District One.
5	We are ever disappointed here. Everything on the menu is great. Service is great. Fantastic beer selection.
4	Came for dinner with the fiance. I've been meaning to try this place as we can always use some variety into our late night eats rotation.The waitress brought over a chalkboard menu with specials and explained each one. We decided to get the oxtail fried rice off this menu. I thought this was pretty yummy fried rice as the rice was flavored well and there was plenty of chunks of oxtail in the rice. It had one egg on top, but it definitely needed more as after mixing it up into the rice, it sort've disappeared so perhaps consider getting a extra egg if you're a egg slut like me.We also got the fried cornish hen with tomato rice. I rarely ever see cornish hen on menus, which is unfortunate as it's a more juicy,personal sized chicken. The fry on the bird was good, light crisp and it had a pleasant seasoning on it where I detected a hint of cinnamon that was lovely. If you love natural style fried chicken (no heavy kfc style breading) then this might be your jam. I was into this, it reminds me of Maxs Filipino style chicken that I grew up eating. Our server was pretty good about checking in on us. I like that this place is clean, modern  and has a young atmosphere with upbeat dance music. It's refreshingly different from the minimal utilitarian nature of most Asian establishments. The food is good so the fun vibe is just icing. I will be back soon to try the pho!
4	A trendy higher-priced Vietnamese spot close to Chinatown? Okay, I can dig that. I first heard of District One when another Yelp friend posted some delicious looking food on her FB. I had some friends in town who LOVE new Asian spots, so I took them here.Our server was really friendly and seemed knowledgeable of the menu. It was a bit strange that they read the specials literally off of the specials board, so that if you want to see it again you have to get up and go look at the board by the entrance. We ordered apps, but they came out with the regular food - this seems to be consistent with all Vietnamese restaurants, no such thing as coursing. However edamame never showed up so we had to ask for it. She must have forgotten to ring it in, but it was our very LEAST favorite thing so maybe she was trying to do us a favor.Onto the food!Edamame - it's covered in this very fishy sauce. I love fish sauce but I couldn't eat more than a couple of these. Server said you can order them naked, so next time for sure. 2/5District One combo platter - this is short ribs and a sweet sausage with rice and over easy egg on top. The short ribs were lean, which was good. 3.5/5Oxtail friend rice - This was my favorite. We ordered with scrambled eggs though since someone in our party doesn't like runny yoke. Next time though, I would try with the over easy egg. 5/5Lobster special - This was served cut into sections but rearranged as a whole. The flavor was awesome, but you get about 4 bites of lobster. I guess if you like the stuff in the head, might be worth it, but none of us touched that. Ugh. 3/5Mango salad - This seriously tasted exactly like Thai or Lao papaya salad. It was good. 4/5Pork belly buns - These were delicious! Really awesome flavor, and I loved the crunchiness of the peanuts. 5/5 Vietnamese Donkey cocktail - this is their version of Moscow Mule, but they incorporate lychee. It's simply BRILLIANT. I could've drank 10 of these if one didn't already leave me with a slight buzz in my head. 5/5This is a fun spot to bring friends, but keep in mind it's a bit pricey. The ambiance is great though and I'd love to go back soon.  A lot of things on the menu that I still want to try.
5	We stumbled on to this place during a business trip. glad we did , clean, Reasonably priced & food was awesome.  We had the steak salad and a shrimp pho.Will definitely will return here . great atmosphere. Staff was very friendly  but a little slow.
3	The food is exceptionally delicious! Creative food choices/ selections, good liquor options and beer is cold when served, and prices are affordable with the Asian Fusion cuisine. The portions are generous and the staff are friendly but service lacks attentiveness. The few times I've been there we had to flag someone to get our order. I have yet to try half of the rest of the menu but I definitely recommend everyone to try it out! Will post a couple photos that I enjoyed! :)
2	Unfortunately this 400th review of mine is about my not so great food experience here.Maybe because this establishment was rated so high and all the hype about the Lobster Pho...but anywho, here it is.We ordered:Lobster Pho (MP - today was $30): Sure there is a lobster presented in this bowl, but seriously, it's just the typical beef broth, and a broken down lobster where the meat is pretty tough to chew.  It probably would have been better if the broth itself is made of a seafood broth?  Pretty disappointed. Braised Pork Belly in Young Coconut Juice ($9): Few pieces of cubed pork belly, one egg (halved), served with a bowl of rice, and a bowl of pickled cabbage and carrots.  Earl enjoyed the pickled cabbage.  This was an ok dish.  Nothing that will warrant us to order it again.House Special Oysters ($10): We ordered the smaller portion (consisted of 6 oysters).  They were topped with soy sauce, tobiko, slice of jalepeno and something else.  The oysters were small and not sweet.  Sculpin ($8): Earl was pretty excited that they have Sculpin here.Overall, food was mediocre at best, based on the items we ate.  Taste does not justify the cost.The ambience, however, was great.  There was a bar, and many tvs to watch sports, news, and whatever else.Earl said he would come back for happy hour.  I don't care for drinks so I will pass.
5	It's awesome! Great food great drink selection. They take time their time to be helpful. Way better than when cravin was here.
5	The food is amazing. Everything recommended and ordered was great. My favorites are the oxtail pho, carpaccio, garlic noodle with steak and eggs, and coconut ice cream. Haha I could add more but then it's be the whole menu. I'm not a seafood person but the oysters were to die for. The lobster pho is a whole lobster in your pho. The service is great too, very attentive and the servers are always making sure we were happy.
4	Hip and modern... Love this place oxtail soup was delicious and they always have a lot of specials that's not on the menu
4	so far this place has yet to disappoint.  they are known for their bone marrow pho, which I have to to try cause they sell so fast, but their other pho dishes are good. it's a little more north than china town, which gives locals a chance to done without so many tourist around.  staff is friendly and have seem to gotten to know my friends and I for coming so often.  won't disappoint.  check them out!!
2	So we go for Happy Hour, order 3 different things. First item comes out fish tacos not bad we finish this and wait for a couple of minutes then our next item comes out, chicken Wings which is good. Then we wait and wait and wait. Ask the server where our garlic fries are? He says it will be a minute. Wait 5 more minutes and catch another server ask for him to check on our order of fries and wait. We are deciding if we want to order more items. 30 minutes pass and hooray we finally get our fries. NO APOLOGY nothing just here is your order of fries. Kinda of irritated now especially as the fries are not even HOT! Bill comes and they charge us for 2 orders of garlic fries. After telling them again NO APOLOGY! Guess that equal NEVER COMING BACK!!!!! 2 stars cause tacos & wings weren't bad
5	Great place to eat. Foods amazing. Service is amazing. Awesome food, service, and open late, what else do u want?  Kai's the man!
5	Been here twice now and I haven't been let down.Do yourself a favor and order the wings and the belly buns. Hands down the most amazing iterations of these plates that I've ever had.The Vietnamese Donkey is an amazing cocktail.Service is on point, the staff is friendly, and they love to give you clean plates.My kind of spot.Also try the wok tossed clams. Be prepared for garlic overload but it's truly worth it.Bathrooms are clean and the sinks to wash your hands are out of the bathroom. Much more sanitary.
3	Service was very friendly and food was fresh tasting.  My friend and I shared 4 plates and we both really liked 2 of them, then thought the other 2 were just "OK".Possibly my favorite was the pork belly slow cooked in coconut juice, but the crispy egg rolls were also a winner.The wok tossed clams and beef wrapped in betel leaves were the dishes that I would pass on.  The broth on the clams could have used more flavor and the beef rolls were slightly dry inside.  The portion sizes were good
4	UNIQUE ASIAN  DINING PLATFORMRefreshingly new approach to the SE Asian cuisine experience especially so for surrounding old schooled Chinatown. Split level seating with spacious booths, lots of flat screens suspended overhead to glance at, and staffed with Am-Asians who are better than typical Chinatown expressionless order takers. Another unique feature, they're open till 3 a.m.We happened to discover this place while researching for places with extended late hours and ox tail soup. Photos and familiarity of other Yelp diners provided positive detail.Didn't try the oxtail noodle soup as had initially thought. Too hard to pass up the Hue Spicy Beef Noodle as it might allude to some of us that it's Bun Bo Hue... but it's not. Doesn't include tamarind shavings,  blood cubes or a pig's knuckle. Suggest the meats be added last to avoid over cooking. Still a very filling and satisfying spicy noodle soup experience. Three meats rice dish of grilled pork, beef kalbi plus sweet lop cheung with hot steaming white rice was definitely a "haven't eaten all day" filler up meal. The egg on top of the rice is an "ohana" touch. Oyster sauce and drop of sesame oil would have taken the house down. LoLWill be back for more.
4	Located in the same shopping center on Jones Blvd as "China Mama" and "Chada Thai," this Vietnamese-inspired, pan-Asian restaurant has a very different look and feel than most of the nearby Asian spots. From the huge drink selection, to the flat screen TVs playing sports, to the modern, urban, and industrial decor, it's clear the owners designed this space to be a cool destination to hang out, socialize, drink, and dine. District One Kitchen & Bar is also open until 3am and offers some decent happy hour specials from 3pm-6pm and midnight to 3am.I recently tried this place with four friends on Friday night at 9pm upon the recommendation of an acquaintance. Besides the limited parking in a crowded parking lot, our only complaint was that our five entrees arrived at four different times -- each of them 3-4 minutes apart. The staff made up for it by being extremely attentive with our drinks, however -- three of us had 3-4 refills each -- and a female manager was very gracious and friendly as we exited the restaurant. The food we ordered was also just as good as advertised. The five of us shared the garlic serrano pepper wings, pork belly buns, Vietnamese beef carpaccio, and fish tacos for our appetizers. The beef carpaccio was definitely our favorite and the fish tacos our least favorite (mainly because of the small portion and $8.95 price tag).I ordered the Crispy Bird Nest Noodles for my entree and the dish was so tasty I didn't offer a bite to anyone in my group. Two of my friends ordered the Steak & Eggs and raved about the flavor of the steak but complained the eggs weren't cooked to their specification. We were collectively happy with our experience overall, however, and we each agreed we would be back in the future.
4	Tamarind crab was superb, a little spicy but worth it. Chicken wings good and the rice was good. I would go back. Curious how this place is at night.
5	We will most definately be back!! Tonight was our 1st time dining @ District One. First off, the staff was polite and attentive, so they get an A on service! Now let's get to the food, oh man the food.. We had the wings to start, and that's some sweet and spicy yumminess right there. We would of gotten a 2nd order, but had to leave room for some of that good good, the pho! Now the broth was aromatic and flavorful.  Next time we're definitely going to try the lobster pho and pork belly buns! And the visit after that we'll try the snails. Lol I love lemon grass snails, yum yum in my tum!
1	Over priced, bad portion size, lousy atmosphere!  Menu is ridiculous not sure what kind of restaurant this is. Way overpriced!
5	BEST NEW ASIAN FOOD  PLACE IN TOWN.! My husband and I come here at least 2-3 times a week for lunch or dinner.  He loves the wings and oysters here.The owners and staff are always extremely nice and attentive.  Highly recommended.
5	Superbly made dishes with an ever expanding menu... I've been there with my family and work colleagues on numerous occasions and they've never disappointed..
5	The ambiance, the presentation, the service and of course food was THE BEST. Each entree was unique and definitely coming back!
4	Ox Tail Pho and BBH.... Gahhhhhhhh...
5	We've been to this place a few times in the past, always heartily satisfied with our favorite Vietnamese dishes, but were still amazed with how they've expanded their menu  that's probably drawing this large late, Sunday night crowd. Lobster with black pepper beckons!  As always service was great.
5	Awesome food and atmosphere! Love the pork belly buns and spicy garlic chicken wings! Lobster pho next..!!
5	We sat at the bar for happy hour and they didn't have the fries we wanted. Our bartender was super friendly and apologetic about it. When we got our beers we loved the glassware and asked if we could buy a couple of the glasses. She came back and told us they were on the house! Wonderful service,  made us very happy.
4	We started with the oysters.  Defiantly hit the spot.  We then moved on to the pork belly rolls which were delicious.  Definitely a must try and even though I am not a huge fab of crab legs they were good and already cracked which made to great and easy to eat.  Good selection of beer and the bone marrow was good along with some loco moco rice!   I wasn't to hungry so will have to come back for more . Defiantly a good place and the server were very attentive and asked of first time so they were good at making recommending stuff for this trip and for next one.   When in doubt who better than the people who work there.
5	The waiter TK gave us the best dining experience ever and we dine out at least 6 times a week. TK was very attentive and made sure out experience here was great .  The food tasted very good but his service is what made me want to come back again just to see him . We were very impressed and will recommend all of our friends to specifically see him when we come back .  Asian fusion food and service at its finest .  Ask for TK when you dine here .  He's a young tall asian guy and I think he works the night  shift .
4	Pho Tai Nam is my usual order. The broth is great. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is chill. Be sure to try the belly, crispy egg rolls, and the pepper wings!
4	One word. OYSTERS. Seriously, whatever they put on them is sooooo good. This place is not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. It's very modern interior and menu make this place stand out compared to the other places I've been. Their bird's nest chow-mein is another must-try. The way they plate their dishes is super cute and the service very attentive.
4	They have the best oxtail loco moco, oyster and pork belly here. Wouldnt recommend the slow pork braised here.
3	Biggest problem which will be a disaster to one unsuspecting customer one day (like a child, senior or disabled person): Currently, their handrail exceeds the width of the platform you must walk on to get to your table. This gives the illusion that there is no drop off/step down when in fact the drop off is over a foot deep between the step off and the handrail. The whole purpose of a rail is for people to hold onto it and to prevent them from falling off of a ledge. Here, if you reach for the handrail, you fall off the ledge. One member of our party who had recently undergone knee surgery, almost fell off the platform due to the handrail illusion which would have been disastrous. I hope the restaurant fixes this and takes this seriously before someone gets seriously hurt. Inconsistent food with good service. Atmosphere is cool and light-hearted.
1	My buddy and I ordered and ate the same food except I also had 6 oysters. Within 15 minutes I was vomiting explosively in the bathroom. Then 10 minutes later I was vomiting again. After that I got better and by an hour or so after that I was back to normal. It was the oysters they were bad and I got them up in enough time to not have any lingering effects. I notified my waitress and she denied it. I have filed with the Nevada Health Department to let them know the issue. The waitress and cook were way too dismissive of what happened.
5	Superb! I am an asian food junkie and I had an amazing ox tail pho and I went back today for the Vietnamese Carpaccio.....Get off the strip and head over District One!
4	First time here, and my impression was it was okay. The hubby and I ordered the wings and fish tacos for appetizer, no real wow factor. Dinner I had the steak and eggs with garlic noodles. The steak was real tender but became a little salty after continuous eating. The garlic noodles were, meh. The hubby ordered the cornish hen which he enjoyed, it seemed to have a nice crisp to it and flavor was there. If I return I may try the pho since they have a selection of flavors. Their version of the moscow mule the Vietnamese something was good. Refreshing with the lime taste and lychee.
5	Wow!!! Thank you Aaron for your wonderful service and food suggestion. Aaron was very informative when asked questions about the menu. (09/01/14)I didn't even know Las Vegas had a China Town in the City of lights. This is a must, place to visit! Take a break from the strip -- sun, drunk people and gambling. My other half and I love to share our food. This is what we had:-The wings- (Garlic Serrano Pepper) They were just cooked right and crispy. The sauce at the bottom of the tray was top notch! Very Juicy-Belly Buns- (Pork Belly, Clintro & Peanut Sauce) The bun was so soft it just melted in my mouth, the peanut flavor was awesome. They didn't have so much fat on the meat! (A+ Plus) -The 3 pound Garlic Lobster with noodles-- WOW! WOW! This was amazing! At first we thought 3 pound was going to be a lot of food, but at the end we devoured it! The noodles were very fresh and tender. The lobster was cooked just right. The seasoning was great and finger-licking good! Dessert- O-mg-! The ice cream is to die for! They only have one flavor which is coconut -- served on a coconut shell. The wait time to get our food was expectational! It took them about 10-15 to bring out the main dish and about 3-5 for the appetizers. I can't wait to go back! :)
4	Just found out about this spot so decided to check it out, actually have been here twice this week and this is what I think. Pho tai - one of the better bowls of pho that I've had. Nice quality meat nice flavor too the broth. Calamari - seemed like the frying oil needed to be replaced, spicy aioli sauce was awesome not bad. Garlic Serrano pepper wings - I'm actually a huge fan of these one of my favorite things on the menu. Really tender and juicy with a nice spicy kick to it Beef carpaccio - it had been sitting under a heat lamp so the exposed meat was a little cooked, also not bad. Combo rice plate (pork chop, kalbi, Chinese sausage) pork chop was way over cooked, short robs were decent couple of the cuts were completely fat, Chinese sausage was good. 1lb of shrimp - kind of like the hot n juicy style boiling crab ish shrimp boils. The "d1 house season" was pretty good shrimps were a nice decent size. Over all pretty good for a 1lb of shrimp. Overall this place is a wicked little spot. The food quality could be improved a little bit, but definitely will be back!
3	This place is OK. I think that the food is decent. I heard about this restaurant from some friends and decided to check it out. I had the grilled squid and it was much chewier than I would have liked. The pork belly was pretty good but again, a little strange. Not really my cup of tea. I don't think I would eat here again,
4	Ate out here last night. food was good and we did not have to wait long, i had pork buns for appetizer and pho as many antree. Out od all the pho restaurants I've been to, this place have the most protein meats, thank you! Service was great, the waitress was very attentive. 4/5 will come back and recommend
4	A friend of mine who is a Vegas resident recommended this place to me.  So good he comes multiple times a week. And he did not steer me wrong.  Oxtail pho ($11.95): gigantic portion... 3 girls each ordered one and we could have shared one. Plenty of oxtail and meat fell right off the bone. Broth was good and noodles had a food bite. Overall wonderful.Lobster pho (market price ~$29.95): for the price, it actually wasn't that bad. Definitely something to share. I would say it's something you order once, but probably won't order again. Good, but not great. Oxtail fried rice ($9.95): my favorite menu item. Plentiful chunks of oxtail mixed on well with buttery rice topped with an egg. Oxtail fries (can't remember price, it was a special of the day): my least favorite item. Mediocre and lacked the sparkle I found in the others dishes
5	I've heard amazing things about District 1 since I have moved away. Everyone always raves about the amazing food and service here so I was very excited to come here. I didn't get a chance to order and explore the menu when I came here for my first visit but I had ordered the oxtail pho and vietnamese coffee. I was very impressed with the flavor of the broth of the pho and the portion size! They are very generous with the meat here and the oxtail was very tender and fall off the bone goodness. I know the bone soup and lobster pho is a huge hit here. I am looking forward to coming back here to try the rest of the menu.TRUST ME when I say there aren't many good pho places to eat in Las Vegas. I lived there for 6 years and am very particular about my pho. If you are visiting from out of town this would be the place to try!
4	Expect a real treat when coming down to district one! My coworker recommended that we try this little gem! It's not your traditional farm fresh selection, so be ready for something different! Best selections: Black peppered lobster, pork belly buns, and bone marrow pho. House Oysters are a must have also !!!! I've visited here three times and have almost had everything on the menu. So far, so good...no complaints on the food. However, BEWARE of the bar! Drink knowledge is far below acceptable, so don't be upset when you don't get what you want...or they have no idea how to make your favorite cocktail. Yet if you like soda water in your old fashioned, this is the bar for you (Hah). Four stars for great food and atmosphere. Minus one star for lousy bar.
4	We came here because of the pics and the menu on yelp along with the reviews.Saturday night, we were seated immediately where we wanted which is a booth.We started with yelp reviews of the Serrano chicken wings and the Pork belly buns:NOT a good choice. The wine selection was adequate so we ordered 4 glasses, but the beer selection looked best.We continued to order food and share like TAPAS: dozen blue point house special with caviar,ponzu sauce & horseradish. This was excellent.garlic noodles with a side of cornish hen. The best dish was the garlic noodles for the night.king crab legs with spicy aioli sauce was very delicious.beef carpaccio with a blend of oil sauce was very tasty esp. the crunchy onions.One dessert: coconut ice cream was great. I wish they had a little more dessert selection to choose from.The service was friendly, young, and attentive.The ambience was raw and a warehouse feel.This was a great place to meet friends and enjoy. All of this cost about $155 plus tip for 3 of us.
5	Great Vietnamese fusion spot in Vegas. subtle spins on traditional dishes as well as straight forward recipes done right. Great job D1 Kitchen.
5	This place was amazing! I've seen some pictures of the food here from friends and decided to take my boyfriend to a late lunch today.Well we scored and came in during happy hour! $1 oysters and .50 cent serano chili wings! Obviously we couldn't pass that up, I also had the fresh scallop sashimi which is only on their specials menu, well worth the $17. For my main dish I had the steak and egg! All delicious and very reasonably priced. Definitely going to be back for some late night happy hour in which they are open till 3am. Everyone who worked here was very friendly and it was a great atmosphere! Awesome job District One :))
5	We came here to watch the stupid Trojans lose to BC.  Seriously, BC?  What the hell guys, where was that defense?  BC, really????  Aaaaaarrrggghhhhhhhh!!!!!!  Not sure what's worse, that or UNLV losing to Northern Illinois... Pathetic and Pathetic-er.  Okay, done venting.So it is great to find a cool ASIAN bar where you can actually watch games!  And they come with great food, which is double great!  $20 pitcher of Heineken is a bit steep, but it does fill up about 6 tall glasses and it comes in those pitchers with built in ice cooler.  Miller Lites are $15 for the pitcher, if you're looking for better bargains.  The food is more Vietnamese fusion than diverse Asian, but no matter, it's still good stuff.  We had a few dishes:  Ox Tail Pho, Garlic Serrano Pepper Wings, Beef Lemongrass skewers, and Calamari.  The pho was fantastic, calamari was great, and wings and skewers were good but not great.  The meatiness of the ox tail and the light & crispy batter on the calamari stood out.  There are other interesting dishes we want to try out, which will have to wait for the next time.The real winner that is a great accompaniment to the good food is the atmosphere.  Wait staff was great for the most part, and like a typical Asian restaurant they don't have "designated" sections for each server so you can flag anybody down for what you need.  They're very good about coming around and waiting on your table, and many of them were even social with the customers in a pleasant and non-intrusive way.  Big ups for the wait staff.  There are TVs all around every section of the place, so wherever you sit you will have multiple views of the action.  Wish the TVs were a bit bigger though, although they were close enough that it wasn't a bother.Great atmosphere, great wait staff (including the super cutie that appeared to be the hostess/manager?), and great food all make for a great "bar" that deserves at least 4.5 stars.  Oh, the tab came to $150 before tips for the 4 of us, but I suppose when you order 4 $20 pitchers... but the price is a bit steeper than your typical Vietnamese.Table-for-1 Factor:  I'm not seeing this place as a great atmosphere for sitting alone (might be awkward), but there is a bar with good 8-10 bar stools if you have the inkling.
3	My husband, friend and I (party of 3) came into district one to eat lunch. Only 4 tables were occupied and there were 4 servers so to have great customer service shouldn't have been an issue. We were seated by a window and it took about 5 minutes to get a server to help us. When we started looking around for help a gentlemen came to our table with waters, and as he was about to leave I told him we were ready to order. He didn't seem very friendly and as I said thank you he just walked away.. We ordered 2 oxtail loco mocos, one fish taco, and a spring roll. The food was alright. Definitely different, but the taste was just alright. Especially for the small 3 fish tacos with barely any yellowtail, it's bit overpriced. Maybe I'll come back and give it another try. With a different server and different items on the menu.
5	This place is bomb! The appetizers are perfect portions. The food is well seasoned and tastes amazing. I got the beef carpaccio and papaya salad, both were so good.My friend got the rice combo rice platter. The short ribs were to die for!!! The place is clean the staff is attentive and the menu is small, but offers everything u need. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Restaurants that have a WOW factor sure will be much more memorable than those without it....that's what I learned coming to District One.  Their wow factor you ask?  Just order the "Bone Marrow Soup"  and you will be WOW'd! I mean, they give you the entire femur (cut in half of course) of the cow in a bowl!  Can't be more WOW'd than anything else! To describe their menu, I'd say a modernized vietnamese restaurant with lot's of different Pho's, side dishes and specials.  One thing that was pretty interesting was the Ox Tail Loco Moco with gravy made from Pho broth.  I was pretty impressed with the taste! Definitely get that again!  I also go the Ribeye Pho, which I must say, probably the best mean in a bowl of pho I have ever had!  There's lots of goodies to try on the menu, so be daring and try something new!  Although we did have one mishap, and that was with the razor clams.  I think they didn't soak the clams long enough so it still had the gritty sand particles in the meat itself.  Definitely be back to try something new!
4	My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! The location is right in the heart of Chinatown but it doesn't make you feel like it...like you're cramped in a small restaurant, touching elbows with the next couple. It's very spacious - you have options of sitting at the bar, nicely spaced out tables, or booths accommodating large groups. We're addicted to pho hence our regular check-ins here! This is one of our favorite spots in town. Pho Tai Nam is my go-to dish to order. The secret is in the broth and it is delicious. My boyfriend, on the other hand, loves to mix it up. He likes the Pork Belly Buns, Hot Pepper Wings, and always has room to devour those Crispy Egg Rolls. I think the Vietnamese Coffee is to die for.I love Happy Hour! Monday thru Friday 3pm-7pm and Sunday 12am-3am. There are specials on drinks and appetizers.
4	I might have accidentally found my favorite pho place here by pure chance! D1 has taken over Nem Nuong as my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.It looks like, food wise, a lot of the kinks have been ironed out since opening. Fortunately, I was able to come here during HH, and I can proclaim that D1 has one of the best food HH in town. I agree that the .50 cent chicken wings are a bit on the smaller size, but they are tossed in this awesome asian glaze that's loaded with these delicious roasted Serrano peppers. And DO get the beef carpaccio! It's all that and a bag of chips! Tender, meaty slices of raw beef tossed in this sweet and sour soy marinade..  Can you say heaven? I liked the mango salad, it was extremely bold with garlic and fish sauce that complimented the delicate ness of the mango and vegetables. Oh, and the oxtail fries? Better than Bachi. Game over.Let's talk about the pho. Now, it's hard to find a good pho in Vegas. Let's keep it real. But D1 has the best one in town. The broth is very beefy, which I like. The rare beef is amazing, as well as the brisket. The bean sprouts were fresh and crisp, as well as the lime and thai basil. The best part about it was they substituted Serrano peppers instead of using jalepeno. Brilliant!The food here is 5 stars in my opinion. What killed it for me was the service. Where was everyone? I know we came in a big group, but the place was empty, and they had 3 servers, and a couple bussers. Our water was rarely refilled, and we saw the servers just standing in a corner just goofing off with each other. Such a shame..,This place has a talented kitchen, no doubts about that. But, they need better training and management in the front of the house. I was thinking about dropping this to 3 stars because of the bad service. The food is extraordinary... So I'll give em a pass. But fix it!! Lol
4	This restaurant had amazing food, but we came with a very large group (about 16) and it was difficult for the service to keep up, which is why I cannot give them a 5. They had some good prices for happy hour, which we caught an hour of. From the happy hour menu, the wings were good, the fries hot and tasty, the belly buns were very good, the mango salad was very big and refreshing, the eggrolls were my favorite, the carpaccio was an excellent delicious surprise, and the beer was good. I also got the short ribs smothered fries with an egg on top and they were also very good. It was from their special menu described by the waiter. The portion was huge, but went fast at the table. Even the cooks struggled, because the first thing I ordered was the garlic fries and they were the last thing to come out. The waiter really struggled with the bill, but it was finally all worked out in the end. I also explained how disheartening it was to watch three staff standing around talking while our waiter was overwhelmed and we waited so long for refills and service. All the waiter could do was apologize. Either way, I would definitely come back again. Maybe with a smaller group this time.
4	Went here with a couple friends, and we enjoyed our dinner at District One!I had the Oxtail Fried Rice and the Chicken Wings.  They also got the wings as well as the Steak and Eggs.  Everything taste great so far.  Can't wait to try out more of the menu.The restaurant is big and they have a full bar.  They decor is nice and modern.  Service was great, as there was a moderate amount of people and didn't have any missed orders.   Hope I can make it to happy hour on the next visit.  Definitely want to try the Oxtail Loco Moco :-)
5	New fave place! I am Viet and was skeptical about spending more money on Viet fusion food but this place was awesome! Went here twice in the same weekend. Once at 1:30am in the morning and again during regular lunch hours. Love that its unlike most Viet restaurants where you just eat and leave. Here you can linger. Both visits food was solid. Eats:- lobster pho: $29.99 for a approx. 1.5lbs of fresh lobster in a bowl/platter of pho. This is a steal!- bone marrow soup: flintstone-size bones in broth. More than one person can eat so share!- steak and eggs: hubby gulped this down before i could taste but looked yummy- beef carpaccio: awesome flavor and texture. Eat!- scallop sashimi: fresh and amazing flavor served w/ crunchy scallop skin. Woah!- pho tai rib eye: awesome broth really developed. - rice combo platter w/ pork chop, short ribs, and chinese sausage w/ kimchi and fried egg. Loved the kimchi variant and that my egg oozed yolkAside from the food, whats best about this place is that you can lounge since its set up to rival any sports bar w/ comfortable seating and enough tvs to watch all the games at once. Take your sports bar loving hubby!
5	the only added value of my review may be a caveat: The lobster pho is the normal beef base. That pic is amazing, but i suggest spending your lobster money on more of their other worthy plates. everything we ordered was great. I will be back for the oxtail pho. my hands were sticky after gnawing on the bone.
4	What a great experience trying modern Vietnamese food! So here's my reviews on the dishes:*Oxtail fried rice was perfect! There was a good amount of meat.They give you a good portion to share with at least 3 people. *Yellowtail tacos were delish! They tasted like ceviche fish tacos. I just think they were a little small for $6 for two tacos.*Sea Snails were okay. They gave you at least 10 and they're the big sea snails too. I just thought they needed more seasonings.*Pork Buns weren't that good. It was kinda dry and the meat was small. I wouldn't order it again. Adrienne was our server and she was great and attentive! I would come back here andtry their pho!
3	The good: I've been here four times and I have to say that their appetizers are really good...like really really good. The oysters are to die for. Seriously. They are so sweet and taste so clean and refreshing.  The beef carpaccio is really unique and our table had to re-order it twice in one sitting because it was that good. The wings were also a hit. The mediocre:All of the entrees I've tried were just okay.  I've had the Mekong river noodles, lobster pho, shaking beef, bone marrow soup, and short rib with rice and none of them were really that good.  The lobster pho did not taste better than any other pho (actually less flavorful).  For some reason everything was very bland compared to the appetizers. The bad:The Porkchop with rice was extremely dry. Three people at our table ordered it and had to force it down. Overall, the appetizers overshadow the main courses, hands down. It's like they build you up for something really amazing and then kinda let you down. Regardless, I will keep coming back for the oysters.
5	Last month, we saw an article in the local Vegas restaurant review.  It gave it rave reviews.  So, we decided to try it out.Since that review, we have returned 4 times!  Yes, the place is awesome.  And, we wanted to make sure that we tried all the dishes.  The food is rather unique and quality is great.Here is our review:1.  Service - Excellent.  I have no idea why some reviews are negative.  Every time we are there, there are usually 2-3 people waiting on us.  They properly fill our drinks, ensure that our finished plates are removed, and always ask if we need anything else.  In addition, the manager comes around and checks to see how everything is going.  Honestly, usually, services at Viet and/or Chinese restaurants are very subpar.  However, we think District One's staff and service are exceptional.2.  Atmosphere -- it is a bar.  I think it is laid out quite nicely and not too noisy.  Only issue that I have are the steps going up to the next level.  If people don't watch their step, they can have an awful spill.  Maybe, they can install a little ramp or something... Other than that, it is fine.3.  Food - absolutely amazing!  Here are our recommendations from our 4 visits:a.  Appetizers -- usually, we order from the day's special.      Here are the appetizers that we totally enjoyed: - Razor Clams -- very good, tender, and flavorful (note: this is our favorite appetizer) - Snails -- surprisingly, this was HUGE!   - Shaken Beef Salad -- is one of my favorite dishes.  Greens checked! - Taco Talapia - Roasted Squid     Here are the appetizers that we think are "okay" - Pork Belly cooked in coconut.. it was a little bit too "fatty".  :)  I enjoyed it, but the wife stayed away due to the amount of fat on the meat.  - Pork Belly Buns (same as above)- Scallops - I was a bit disappointed.  Scallops are usually more plump.  The sauce actually overwhelmed the scallops.- Oxtail loco-moco something... Hawaiian style -- this was not goodb.  Entrees- Lobster Pho -- okay.. so, it is a bit pricey.. think we paid $30.  But, oh my, this was so good and worth it.  We loved this dish.  Pho was very flavorful and one dish could be shared with 3 people!  So, it even out about $10 bucks person.  Love the presentation!!- Lobster with Noodles.  again, this was a bit pricey -- about $70.  I think this was cooked in some tamarind sauce and served over noodles.  Personally, I thought this was good, but not great.  I rather have it served over fried rice.  - 5 Spice Chicken w/ side of yellow rice.   Very good dish.  Love the spices and the chicken!- Oxtail Fried Rice (unlike the Loco Moco), we enjoyed this dish. Note:  next time, we will try the other pho dishes...  c.  Dessert (there is only one on the menu)Nothing beats the Vanilla ice cream w/ peanuts served on a coconut "meat" shell.  It serves 2; unless, you really have a sweet tooth.  My family love this part of the meal!Overall, we love this place.  Service is great, food is awesome, and the price is reasonable.  This is definitely now one of our favorite places.  Cheers!
4	Asian Fusion in Vegas?!! Now I can get my fix when I am on vacay, YES! Food:  During my visit here, my friend and I shared the oxtail fries, half a dozen house special oysters and we both got our own order of the Pho tai rib eye. Call us piggies, we have NO SHAME! Oxtail Fries: COMFORT FOOD ALERTThe oxtail fries definitely hit the spot, it kind of reminded me of Chinese beef stew but they substituted the cubed potatoes for french fries. YOU MUST FINISH IT WHEN DINING IN. Since we got a little carried away with ordering, we had to to-go most of it and let's just say it did not look pretty. The sauce became clumpy when it cooled, so i just ate the oxtail and threw away the rest. House special oyster: The oysters were super yummy and fresh. I do not remember the actual name and description the waitress gave us but GET THIS! All I remember about this dish is it had a tangy sauce and fish eggs on top. Hopefully this helps :/ !Pho tai rib eye: I love PHO and this place knows how to make it right. The soup tasted really good and tasted of little to no MSG. The noodles  were also cooked perfectly. My only complaint about this dish was that the texture of the beef slices were inconsistent. Some were extremely tender, while others were really tough so I was so pretty sad about that. Service: Our waitress was really attentive and helpful. It was our first time here and she went through the menu/ specials with us and also came by to refill our waters a couple times.   Final Verdict: I will definitely be back for the oysters/ oxtail fries and not to mention their pork belly buns! Let's see if this place tops the LA version at Dip's Grill.. we will have to just wait and see !
2	Pork Belly BunsFish TacoWok Clams and BasilFriday late night (ten-something)... I expected a bigger crowd. And I especially expected a bigger crowd with the type of service we received. Two servers walked by and neither returned to fill my empty water glass.I found the food un-inspiring. I literally said to myself, "Why did I get clams and basil here when it's so much better at a traditional Chinese restaurant?" I thought the the proportion of fat to meat in the pork belly buns was overwhelming. The fish tacos, I don't even remember them enough for an accurate description. It's unlikely we will return here. It's just too mediocre.
5	Well what can I say. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. I come here a lot. It just has everything in one place. It's far enough from the sometimes overwhelming buzz of the strip, but has a full bar in case you still want to catch a buzz of your own. They have friendly servers, dope atmosphere and cool decor but what really does it is the food. Man I can eat here every day. They have traditional vietnamese dishes, like pho and BBH. All pretty good, and being that I come from living in LA and OC the land of vietnamese food I can say it's comparable to some of the better spots out there. As far as Vegas goes it's one of my favorite spots for pho. The quality of the meat in particular when you order it raw is better than most out here. And the oxtail pho, man. Oxtail everything is good and they have good oxtail. But what really kills the game is their specials. Where else can you get lobster pho? Nowhere. At least not till they brought it. They always have fresh seafood specials like oysters, crab, and crawfish. I've eaten basically everything. I could keep going on and on but better to let you try it for yourself. Here's a few recommendations tho. Lobster garlic noodle. Their version of it is so bomb. Black pepper lobster. I'm a fan of black pepper already but with lobster?????Beef carpaccio. My go to appetizer. Oxtail fries. Because damn. Oxtail. And fries, but if you don't feel like french fries then try my all time favorite dish here...OXTAIL LOCO MOCO. Add an extra egg, just because you got it like that.  I get that every time and then I get another main dish too because I'm fat. But happy.
4	After being ever-so-rudely blown off by the host at Chada, we found ourselves here for dinner at the bar with football and an awesomely knowledgeable bartender who guided our dining choices.PORK BELLY BUNS: Simple, tasty, perfect. Inhaled the trio.VIETNAMESE BEEF CARPACCIO: Highlight of the meal, large portion for an appetizer with great mix of flavors and textures. This dish is what brought my overall rating up from three stars to four.OXTAIL PHO: Dish that brought me in here. Simple ingredients, tasty broth, enjoyable but not a dish I feel that I have to have again. Ample meat portion!RAZOR CLAMS: Chef special, stir fried razor clams in garlic and peppers with a kick of spice to them. Cool presentation, but wouldn't get again. Dinner for two with two beers (Boston Brown Ale, so good!) came to $60 before tip, largely due to the razor clam special which was unexpectedly $18. Would have rather had two different appetizers instead. Good place to watch the game in a low-key setting with tasty food.
4	Good food with large portions, full bar with a lot of draft selections. There are plenty of TVs around the place so you should be able to see one or more from where ever you sit. The staff is friendly, helpful and attentive. This place has a very laid back, cool vibe. I will definitely be coming back.
5	We went here on Sunday for lunch and everything was excellent.  We got a table right away since the place wasn't busy.  The bun bo hue was good, but they didn't put too many noodles.  Not spicy at all.  My friend ordered com bo luc lac with an egg and he said it was good.  We also ordered coconut ice cream for dessert and it was delicious.  Overall, this place is clean, the services are excellent, and the prices are not bad.
3	The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good. Nothing else to say in this review.
5	This is one of my regular spots to go to. Love the Oxtail Pho plus their broth is delicious and rich.They always have seating and have good hours. Their happy hour menu isn't too bad either.
3	It isn't regularly on the menu but the sea bass sashimi style with their papaya salad was the best.  Shrimp skewers ok fish tacos good. Read all the reviews about the ox tail pho. It was good but I guess it was the hype. The highlight was the real coconut juice wow. And the coconut ice cream was good too.The quality is good and I want to try it again
3	Heard good things about this place so me and the wifey with a couple friends decided on a whim to come here at 10 pm on a tuesday night. Good to know they are open everyday from 11 am to 3 am. After going over the menu, everything looked good on paper. I went with the Oxtail Fried Rice and Edamame. Wifey went with the Grilled Squid. Our friends got the Fish Tacos and Bone Marrow soup.For the appetizers the Edamame was lightly grilled and sprinkled with sea salt. Taste was just ordinary. As for the Fish Tacos they give 3 little taco shells that look and taste kind of like deep fried won tons. The actual fish (which was not much) was yellow tail.The Oxtail Fried Rice was very salty. I think they put too much soy sauce. I could only eat about 3 spoonfuls. That's too bad because tastewise, I dont think it needed that much salt.The Grilled Squid was on point. Nicely seasoned and grilled. The spicy garlic aioli sauce that it comes with complemented it very well.The Bone Marrow soup comes with a huge bone. Literally. Im not into that so I cant really say if I liked it or not.Service was great. We never had to ask for refills on our waters especially me because of the excess salt that I had eaten.Overall, the total tab was around 70 bucks including tip. In my opinion, the food is great with the exception of the Oxtail Fried Rice. I think the pricing is bit much based on the portions you get. The Beef Carpaccio was recommended by my Yelp friends after seeing my check-in here. Im sure I will find myself in the area next time so a second visit will be pending.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #190
5	Every time I go to Vegas I stop by here about two to three time before I when home ... Food is very good ... A little salty but I know why they wanted you to drink more. The food range from French to Vietnam with an American twist I quess  that is why they call it fusion. You must try all the dish and pick your favorite as for me the wings and service is the reason why I come back every time ... All my friends love the fish Tacos
5	The food tasted as good as it looks on the menu. We had oxtail pho, fresh oyster, garlic noodles with crabs, pork belly buns, and oxtail loco moco special. Everything was on point. Must try the pho and pork belly buns! Service was excellent and the atmosphere was great. A nice break from Vegas strip food.
5	I saw this place on my cousin's Instagram so I bookmarked it to try the next time I was in Vegas.The first time I went was in September with my family. We ordered the: oxtail pho, oxtail fried rice, big bone marrow soup. Everything we ordered were delicious! My mom is difficult to please because either she thinks she can make it better or the food was too expensive but this is the first time she did not complain despite the fact that a bowl of oxtail pho is $11.95! (She was so happy that she took a business card) Her reasoning is that the bowl of pho comes with three pretty decent sized ox tails so she thinks it's worth it! The broth was tasty, the only thing is they need to add more noodles. Oxtail fried rice was decent to me. The big bone marrow soup was yum, it was like a mountain of bony goodness!! My dad wanted to take the bones back to my dog and according to the waiter, a lot of people do that!Anyway, the second time I was in Vegas was this month and during my visit, i dined here twice! We ordered the same thing as my first visit plus we tried the garlic noodles, garlic wings, edamame. The garlic noodles were out of this world amazing! It was so simple yet so garlicky good! If you're a fan of garlic, you need to get this dish! Garlic wings were ok...I think they were like 6.95 for six wings, pretty pricey in my opinion. I didn't try the edamame but my friend liked it.
5	Superb fusion of American and Vietnamese cuisine.  on the table are plates of oxtail fried rice, fried oysters, mekong river soup (made with beef, fishball, shrimp, and pork)... Dungeness crabs and Branzino.  All entrees are well prepared and are an explosion of taste. Yummy to my tummy.  Can't wait to revisit.
4	This place is truly some of the best fusion of American and Vietnamese fusion food I've ever had. Located about fifteen minutes from the vegas strip, district one is superb at bringing intense flavors to each customers dish.Some of the dishes they are known for are the oxtail fried rice, the oxtail pho, the Mekong soup ( I believe it's made with beef, shrimp, fish balls, and pork. Also there known for the Grilled squid and the fish tacos. So when my wife and I took out friend there we offered half the menu, Lol...with no regrets. We had to eat the oxtail fried rice, pork buns, grilled squid and a few other entrees. The oxtail fried rice was a bit salty but very unique in texture and taste. We enjoyed it and would definite try it again. The grilled squid had ok it had a few to much of a burnt taste to it and I couldn't enjoy it like I thought I could. The fish tacos we ordered didn't come with soft tacos like I was hoping they would. They were very small in size and reminded me of fried wontons. Although the fish was very small the fresh vegetables on it had great flavor and was refreshing for my tastebuds. All in all we were satisfied with our good and the staff is very nice and attentive here. They provided excellent customer service and had no problem helping us with our orders and offer us their sound advice about dishes.Overall we had about six dishes and our bill was about seventy dollars and that's before the tip. The serving sizes are decent and filling. Another great aspect about this location is that there open from 11am- 3pm everyday. That's definitely great when you wanna late night meal and don't wanna deal with the crowds.
3	Tried District One because my coworker recommended this place. I had the oxtail pho and my wife had the oxtail loco moco. The pho was ok but the oxtail was not soft enough to fall off the bone which made it hard to eat. The oxtail loco moco was also ok but a little on the salty side. Service was good and the staff was very nice!
5	Doesn't matter what you're craving district kitchen and staff can accommodate. Whether you want a drink, watch a game, something sweet or savory, something small district one has it. Hands down one of the best off strip local eats to stop by. I guarantee you won't be disappointed or call me age I'll pay for your meal
5	Best fried rice ever! The Oxtail fried rice was simply amazing! Every bite of rice was filled with meat. Rarely happens with fried rice.  Next time I go, definitely going to try the bone marrow pho. Looks crazy!
5	AMAZING FOOD. Everything we got was amazing. I'll have to write an updated review with a list of everything we got because we tried a bit of everything. However, what stood out to me the most was the oxtail fried rice. Yummms :)
2	Decided to come and eat here tonight just because I heard good things about this place. I must say that I was pretty disappointed.  First, we sat on the table and waited over 5 minutes for the server to come and one did because I finally called them.Second, I ordered appetizers (fish taco and the wings) plus my dinner which is oxtail fried rice and oxtail pho.  My dinner came first before the appetizer.  The pho was warm (not hot) but it was good but a little salty.  The fish taco came with raw fish but wasn't mentioned in their menu.  The chicken wings good but nothing out of the ordinary.  The fried rice was probably the only thing good but then again nothing out of the ordinary.  The server was nice and sweet.  She kept on checking to see if everything is okay.
3	Food was awesome, service was almost non existant. I ordered the menu basically.Fish sauce and serano wings, pork belly bun, shrimp skewer and Beef Carpaccio. I empty plated clubbed all of it. Favorite dish was the Carpaccio by far.Where I had an issue was the service. We he 5-6 different waiters/waitresses and not one gave off the impression they were our server. They were all really friendly but it was no wonder our order was wrong twice and had to wait 20 minutes for shrimp after I finished everything else.I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say it was an off night. The food was too good to not want to go back. Especially when I saw bone marrow soup and lobster pho at the table next to mine.
4	Great place and food! A little different from regular pho, they have lobster or oxtail. I always get the steak and egg and substitute the rice with garlic noodles!  mom always gets the belly bun too
3	The food, atmosphere and service were good. I don't have anything negative to say about the place, but there is nothing special about the place either. The lobster pho was a fun and different concept, and they do serve a generous portion of lobster. Other than the lobster itself, the pho tasted like a beef broth pho. I expected it to taste more like lobster, or at least, seafood. The chicken pho is served with dark meat, not white. Not sure if white meat is optional. The steak and egg was good. The soft shell crab is good except the ponzu sauce that was served with the soft shell crab did not taste like the traditional ponzu sauce. Their papaya salad also didn't taste like the traditional papaya salad. The spring rolls were good. The worst item we ordered was the kimchi. They totally missed the flavor. All in all, if I want to eat Pho or any other Asian dish, I would go to authentic Asian places. This place was more Asian fusion.
3	I have been there a few times. Often always good.  Nothing was horrible but nothing stood out as delicious.  The great thing it's open late.
5	The pho is wonderful. We've tried the Big Bone soup and the oxtail pho. They are both the best I've ever had!Their fish tacos are amazing if you are a sushi lover! Warning, they are addictive!From hand crafted, unusual cocktails, to great draft selections, this place doesn't disappoint!
4	I've never seen lobster ramen before. This was the real deal. There was a huge lobster inside the bowl. It was 30 bucks and for good reason. This place is beautifully built as well. We came with a large party and they were able to accommodate 30 hungover guys. I had the pho tai. Everyone got something different. Only one person ordered the Lobster pho. It looks crazy. This is the must order item when you come. Instagram worthy photo haha. Recommendation: Lobster pho
4	The Happy Hour $1 oysters are great quality. Fish tacos amazing. Chefs special oysters are next level.Loko moko was delicious Oxtail very tender and slow cooked to perfection. Vietnamese coffee is stroooong
5	After 2 visits, District One didn't disappoint!  Food is creative and delicious.  A little bit of soul food, Asian fusion style.  Plus light, more fresh palette choices too.  And the beer and whiskey choices are tasty!
3	The food here is amazing. I'm actually at the restaurant right now and just wanted to share my experience. So the waitress took our order at 11:38 pm. We ordered an order of 6 garlic pepper wings, among other things. At 11:55, the wings are brought out to us. At 12:00, the waitress brings us a happy hour menu, on which the wings we ordered are $0.50 each. On the regular menu an order of 6 wings is $6.95. We had not touched the wings yet, and the waitress claims she didn't realize what time it was. I asked if we could pay the happy hour menu price for the wings. She asked the manager and the answer is no because she had put the order in before it was happy hour. COME ONNNNNNNN. You didn't even mention that happy hour was coming up. You know if you were the customer, you would feel somewhat cheated... I wish this experience wouldn't have happened because I really like this place....
4	randomly saw someone ig this place and since I was going to Vegas anyways, might as well try it!good thing we came here during happy hour! I love cheaper food :) - ox tail pho - the ox tail was pretty tender. pho was good!- serrano pepper wings - 50 cents during hh.  I thought these were okayy. not bad but kind of plain. the pepper was spicy so that was cool- oysters - $1 each during happy hour.  I think they were pretty good. fresh so that's good- yellowtail tacos - I like these!  I love the crunchy hard shell.  the fish was in this green sauce which I think went really well with it.
5	I've been here 3 times now and I really enjoy their spicy chicken wings. I also had their shrimp pho and steak pho. They are open late and have a happy hour that starts at midnight. Nice big booths that are accommodating for families. They also had awesome tacos on their happy hour special! I will definitely be back!
2	In the Hunger Games series District One is supposed to be the holy land riches and beauty. Er... maybe a better comparison would be the first class flight or flying coach, you'll both be getting the same destinations, just certain amenities of first class makes the experience all the better. The cushier seat, the dim lighting, more leg space, and more flight attendant service. District One should probably take a cue from Jet Blue. The service here unfortunately gets worse and worse each visit. The first few visits started with longer wait times for food and progressively gotten to one of the worse service experiences I've had in a long time. No one was necessarily "rude" but the lack of sense or urgency really killed the experience. Maybe I should of seen it coming when it it took a day and a half to have our waiter take our order, which is usually not a big deal, you're busy I get it. We told the server our orders and less than 2 minutes after we tried to cancel the fish tacos (because even with the happy hour pricing the cost/value was in the negatives).  When we asked the response was "I just put in your order". I know, you came to our table right after you placed it, but you're telling me that you can't change the order now because somehow in the past 2 minutes the fish was being cut fresh from the Pacific Ocean and the taco shell was being made fresh (obviously this is an exaggeration because the fish tacos took over 20 minutes to get to our tables, which many would presume is ample time to tell the kitchen to cancel the item). What confuses me the most is that our orders were repeated to us by the server, yet 1 order of pho tai nam and an order of steak and eggs were missing? Maybe the kitchen is having a delay, no problem, but ten minutes later we followed up with it and the steak and eggs came out within minutes, perfect (except for the fact the rice should of been in a cereal box considering how crunchy it was) and then another 10 minutes later (a total of 40 mins waiting for our food) for a pho tai nam (came out minutes later as well). The check was another hassle of its own, and in short, the party of 4 split the check 2 ways (which we wrote in pen) and it was still messed up. It took two reprints to fix things. Water refills? Wishful thinking.So Kevin T, you obviously had terrible service, why the 2 stars? Fortunately and unfortunately D1 has the best pho (noodles cooked inconsistently though) and food for the majority ranges from acceptable to great. Sometimes theres lots of love in the food and sometimes... none.Things to order:Pho (any except lobster)Mekong River Noodle SoupBeef Carpaccio WingsBeef (from their fairly crafty craft beer list)Things to pass:Belly bunsLobster pho (really? #onlyinvegas)Expectations of great serviceFish tacos (I have dog treats bigger than these)Will I come back? Maybe someday when the raging hole in my heart after getting burned so hard by the service heals.
5	Great joint for happy hours!  Went there twice with hubby on a weekday during happy hours and we cant have enough! hah! $0.50 for wings, $1 oyster, $4-5 apps, $4-5 beerAnd everything was delicious! We ordered serrano wings, many many oysters, fish tacos, green papaya salads, pork belly buns, and their special of the day oxtail loco moco.  Their portions are smaller than usual because it is happy hour dishes, it actually works out for us because we did order a table full of food just between two of us. lolThe servers are very nice and attentive, checked with us consistently, top notch service!
5	Ok where else can you get Lobster Pho??? This was one of my clients Resturant and I was excited to try it because the menu is too cool for school. Being a foodie and with family and friends visiting from out of town it was fun bringing them to a spot that is jealous worthy. The Resturant is a trendy joint with a cool bar. Great place to hang out on a Friday night or anytime. The lobster pho is awesome with or with out beef, the oxtail fried rice is super good and the happy ending coconut ice cream was a perfect sweet treat. I would have it without peanuts though because it wasn't sweeten or salty just raw crumble peanuts. Can't wait to go back to try all things oxtail. Prices are ok not so crazy food is awesome and place is cool. My new favorite pho place!
5	What a great place! Great food and great service! Love the decor. I yelp this place and gave it a try while we are here in Vegas. We ordered the fried squid, papaya salad w shrimp and the steak and eggs. Everything was sooooo good! The squid was very tasty and just right. I got so much shrimp on my papaya salad that I couldn't finish. The steak was tasty as well with the rice. Very tender and it has that caramelized sauce on top. Service was awesome!! Will come back again.
5	This is the only place I know where you can get lobster pho. And it is delicious and large. It's worth the $30The oxtail loco moco- my husband wanted me to put that it was superb.  Customer service was a 5 star. my 2 daughters shared a pho. They ate it all in about 5 min. So our lovely waitress asked if we would like to order extra noodles. We said yes. It only came out to an additional 1.50!! So that was awesome
5	Went here with friends and was extremely impressed with the quality and flavors of the food. Great for sharing entrees and appetizers. Full bar at your disposal is a plus. Friendly staff. Go here! Trust the fat kid.
4	*Disclaimer - this review is biased only rated one item - the Ox Tail PHO!!! *I've actually been to D One twice but all that is on my mind is their Ox Tail Pho!  Now for most stereotypical asians paying more than $10 for a bowl of Pho is insane unless you are at the TI on the strip but this bowl is worth every penny of its 11.95 price tag.On work days when I'm having an ox tail soup craving and can't make it out to the California with an 11pm Ox Tail start time, I'm S-O-L but now I get to go to District One for the best of both worlds - Ox Tail and Pho.  Genius - yah, i know.The soup is so rich from all the fat tender ox tail goodness falling off the bones as you gently prick it with your chopsticks. Im getting off thinking about it as we speak.  Anyhow go check it out.Oh yah they do have other things like the Shaking Beef Salad, or Shaking Beef Steak and Eggs, Cornish Hen.  Everything here is pretty good but the first thing I'd order is their Ox Tail Pho!
4	Made reservations for 8. We all ordered the pork belly buns, egg rolls beef carpaccio, and wings. The pork belly buns, egg rolls, and wings were good, but the carpaccio was amazing. It was like a magical plate of juicy goodness. Druglike since it seemed everyone's eyes kept involuntarily darting back to the plate. For the entrees, we ordered the oxtail fried rice, pork belly with coconut juicez Cornish hen with garlic noodles, and steak and eggs. The hen was a bit dry bit easily fixed with an ample squirt of sriracha. The oxtail fried rice was to die for. A bit of everything in each and every bite. Garlic noodles were great in taste and texture. The steak and eggs were surprisingly good. Reminiscent of a pepper steak from the Chinese restaurants. The showstopper was the pork belly. Melt in your mouth good. I can't wait for the weather to get colder so I can stop in for some pho.The waitress was on top of things. Topped our drinks off constantly. Always attentive and quick to serve.
1	30 mins and counting... I still don't have my food. The restaurant is half filled. What happens if it was a fully packed?
4	Good happy hour. steamed pork buns, oysters, and chicken wings. my favorite were the wings. can't wait to go back again and try other items
4	I wish there was a 3.5 star rating. The food is decent. Price is a bit high compared to other vietnamese pho places. But this place is more modern, so I guess the price jump is expected. Some of the wait staff were really friendly.The coconut dessert seemed too pricey for what you get.Pho flavor rating = 7.5/10Rice and meat (i think it was com thit nuong) = 8.5/10My friend had the ox tail pho and really liked it. But I didn't taste it, so I can't rate it.
5	They have a great staff here :) all the girls are super sweet. Good vibe. This place is highly recommended. I always have steak and eggs or Pho
5	This place was awesome! I ordered food to go and it was some if the best pho I've had in a long time. The place was really inviting on the inside, I can't wait to go back and eat there. The service was was amazing the guy who rang me up also took the bags to my car! Defiantly exceeded my expectations. When I got home and put the pho soup together it was great. Will defiantly be back for more soon!
5	My Girlfriend and I went to try it out because we knew the owner from his family's other restaurant. Everything was excellent from the second we walked in until we walked after finishing. Greeted right away by wait staff and owner then seated. Started with some Delicious Shrimp Papaya Salad as an appetizer, then for our meal 2 very generous size bowls of Pho with Ribeye that were also very good. Then as we finished the waitress asked if we would like some dessert and recommended the coconut icecream inside of a young coconut topped with roasted nuts, all I could say is WOW. District one also has a very nice bar and great happy hour. I had a great experience, we definitely will be back there again.
4	What type of cheap degenerate bastard sleeps all day and waits until midnight to go to a spot to hit up their happy hour menu?  ME!!Needless to say I was not disappointed.   From the happy hour menu I  had the oysters, chicken wings and pork belly buns.  All were terrific and afordable.  I will definitely go back when I am up late again.The only disappointment was the bone marrow soup.  For me it did not live up to the hype.  I was happy to see the oxtails in the soup, but they were luke warm and the broth was not hot either. Other than that I had a great time and the staff was friendly as well.
3	Unless you are going for one of their signature dishes (e.g. Lobster Pho), District One Kitchen & Bar is nothing special.  The appetizers we ordered (Pork Belly Bun and Egg Rolls) were mediocre.  I had the Oxtail Loco Moco special, which had too much fresh onions/cilantro for my taste, but was overall pretty good.  The pho-infused gravy was ingenious and the oxtail itself was SO tender!  My friend had one of the standard pho and he seemed satisfied.The atmosphere is more modern here than your typical pho restaurant, which was cool.  It is also a bar, including overpriced alcohol/beer, but it supposedly has a pretty good happy hour.  The service could use a little work, as most of the dishes were served without the server even speaking to us.  In my opinion, unless you are going for one of their signature dishes, you may as well go to one of the many cheap, authentic pho restaurants around every corner in Spring Mountain.
3	Very underwhelming. Heard great things about this place but it was honestly mediocre. We got the squid, fish tacos, pho filet mignon, oxtail pho, and pork belly. The only thing that was worth it was the fish tacos. Everything else was kind of blah and not worth the price. The service was also very slow. Our waitress was friendly, but the food took forever to come out. All the tables around us got their food faster than us. Some of our food actually came lukewarm, but we got so hungry from waiting that we didn't care. Don't think we'll be coming back.
5	I wish this place was closer to the strip. It is completely out of the way, a pain in the ass to get there, and yet I can't wait to get to vegas again in a few weeks to go again. The food here is awesome and one fo my favorite vietnamese places in the world. Get the lobster pho and thank me later!The pork belly buns were fantastic as well as the egg rolls and wings. Im getting so hungry thinking about it again right now!
4	Vietnamese food with a twist !SETTING:Very modern restaurant. Nice large wooden tables and booths.The decorations on the walls reminds me of seafood restaurants like boiling crab or crab hut, etc.The waitress here is nice and very informative.FOOD:Vietnamese Iced Coffee $3.25This is authentic Vietnamese iced coffee. The one where you have your coffee beans pressed on top in a metal filter that is placed on top of a cup. Then you mix it yourself with condensed milk. The flavor is a little bit stronger but it is delicious!Oxtail Fries $11.95HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! I thought I wouldn't like the gravy because it looked very gelatinous, but it was actually very creamy and tasted like oxtail infused. There are bits and pieces of oxtail, but I do think that they need more meat. Otherwise, the fries are delicious!!Pho Lobster $35Never would I have thought that I would find a bowl of Pho costing $35 !! But it was pretty much worth the price. They give you a whole lobster! They even cut up all the meat for you so it's easier for you to eat and it won't get messy! The pho broth soup is good, but other then the lobster, its pretty plain. BUT the lobster tastes fresh and chunky.Hue Spicy Beef Noodles $9.95This is basically Bun Bo Hue, but named slightly differently by the way. The soup broth here has a strong distinct flavor... kind of like strong mint leaves. The broth wasn't spicy at all. This soup was ok. I've had a lot better elsewhere.Overall, food here is good but there are not many options to choose from.
3	To start with.  The spring Rolls are pre made.  That's why I'm giving them 3 stars.  They should be made to order.  The menu is very good and all the dishes are fresh, hot and taste good.  Presentation is good, service was above average.  The Happy Hour oysters are a great deal.
3	Not my favorite Vietnamese place in the valley. I got the birds nest platter and I thought that they could have added more flavor to their sauce and I personally like having mushrooms in mine. The beef was fatty and I didn't eat it. The shrimp was good but could have added more, since I didn't eat the beef. Their spring rolls are TO DIE FOR!!! Some of the best that I've had! Great service but just doesn't have the flavors I want here. Will come back to try the lobster pho tho.
5	The lobster pho was ridiculously yummy!! I wish this was closer to my house so I could eat it all the time! Open one in Henderson please!!
5	Very delicious. Good place for big parties. And to chill with friends. Or even go to the bar and get a drink.
5	I love District one! The bartender Adrian is amazing, she recommended the Stir Fried Pepper Lobster with Garlic Noodles and it was incredible! 3 pounds of heaven! Thank you Adrian! You made my birthday so special and those coconut mojitos blow my mind!
4	Very hip vietnamese restaurant that is different from other typical pho joints that you see in Vegas. Great vibe and service is excellent! We were not abandoned by the waitress after we put the order in. They keep coming back asking if everything was ok, clearing up the empty plates and bowl and refilling hot water for my tea. We ordered pho, combo pork chop rice, egg rolls, grilled squid, surf clams and ox tail fried rice. Food quality is definitely better than other pho restaurants around here. I love the idea of having the sinks outside of the restroom in the hall way for the guests' convenience. The only problem why I knocked down a star is because it took quite a bit of time for food to come out. Other than that everything is great. Will definitely come back next time we are here in Vegas again!
5	Oxtail pho by itself gets 5 stars!  This is way better than the one at the California and they give you large pieces of oxtail with fall off the bone meat.  The broth is insanely good, especially on the cold winter days in Vegas.  We also tried the big bone marrow soup...that definitely has the wow factor for size, but if you are looking for a healthy portion of meat to noodle to soup ratio...go with the oxtail pho.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed!
5	This will be my go-to pho place. Broth is made in house and yummy. Lots of basil, asked for more bean sprouts. Didn't care for the ribeye, but I'm willing to bet that was just my preference and it was fine. Decor is trendy, and the place had numerous TVs with ESPN playing. They closed at 3:00, which means they will be open late enough for when I finish my swing shifts. The booth was pretty uncomfortable, but not to the point of dinging them a star.
3	The food here is pretty good. I wish the oxtail pho was more flavorful than what it was. It tasted like regular pho but they added the oxtail to it. It didn't taste like they made the broth of ox tail.The ox tail fried rice was okay. The pieces of oxtail were delicious, but the rice itself was way too garlicky for my liking. It seriously over powered everything and you were left with the garlic residue in your mouth for the rest of the night. And don't even get my started on your burps. The service was good, but the night I came there was a 50th birthday, so I think there was more staff working that night. I really like the decor in the restaurant it's really cozy and cute. It kind of reminds me of boiling crab.I definitely want to come back and try those baos! They looked so good!
4	Love this delicious food like it so much
2	Basing this review on the service. We sat for almost 10 minutes with no one approaching us. A table was sat next to us, then a guy comes by and asks for our order. The server to the table next to us, brought this chalkboard with specials on it, which I never saw, they also got their order in within minutes of sitting. Food was good, but I work in the industry. This was awful.
2	I was very dissatisfied  with my first visit to this restaurant. I saw some nice pictures from friends and I wanted to experience the same. Early in the afternoon they had run out of two popular dishes (big bone soup and lobster pho) as well as their coconut ice cream. I know certain dishes in restaurants do run out due to popular demand but in those cases I would expect the staff to at least suggest alternative dishes. They didn't even do that or show much empathy to the fact that I was disappointed that they didn't have what I wanted. This staff lacks customer service and pride for their food and restaurant. What I got was a waitress that alternated with another waiter while they clearly displayed a miscommunication of service. At the beginning these two made them selves available to take our order at different times when we had already given our order to one of them. Then they alternated breaking the news of the dishes they ran out of. In my opinion one unavailable dish is permissible , two is cause for concern, and three means they may need to fire their purchaser. They have good product but the business is amateur. My visit was 1/3/15
2	I've dined here twice and both times the food was incredibly tasteless. The first time I dined at this establishment I had the whole squid. It was so tough and chewy, I had to send it back!The second time, I thought I'd give them another chance and  I ordered the spring rolls and whatever they've in it that's crunchy tasted old and spoiled , like it's been cooked for days, then I had the oxtail loco moco and too much onions in it.The basil that was brought out for the pho was dried and not fresh.I suggest you hire a new cook and come out with fresh ingredients.But on the positive note, I think the service was exceptional!
5	OMG! If your in Vegas this is the place to eat!! It was amazing! The garlic noodles is the bomb!!! It reminds me of tung long in San Francisco. ( how ever you spell it). The oxtail pho was awesome. So was the oxtail loco moco........
4	I have been here twice now and and it's because this place had a lot of buzz over the summer. Even though I am really curious as to how the oxtail pho is I have yet to try it. Since this is an Asian fusion place, both of the times I brought visitors here from out of town and the food did not disappoint. For the most part they execute their dishes pretty well. Often times Asian fusion restaurants tend to over due it as in "trying to hard," but that is not the case here because their fusion is just a slight twist on the original dishes. The first time I was not too hungry and I ate the tacos which were phenomenal. The light crispness of the wonton and then the freshness of the yellow tail make it a match made in heaven. Although delicious they are super small and kind of pricey for what you pay for. However, I guess the fresh fish constitutes it. On both of my visits we ordered the tacos and they did not disappoint any members of my party. The second time I had the combo platter with the beef short ribs and I do love me some short ribs. I am usually not a fan of Chinese sausage, but surprisingly I ate what was served on my plate because the flavor wasn't too overwhelming like it usually is. I must say I originally ordered the pork chop but then it was served with short ribs. Our server who took my order even saw the short ribs on my plate and immediately told his co-server that it's supposed to be pork chop. I was hungry and did not want to wait so I didn't mind the short ribs at all. My 2 other friends who were with me also ordered the combo platter but with both meats. I tried the pork chop from their plate and thought it was good. This place is pretty popular considering both times I've come here I've bumped into people I know. My friend ordered a coconut martini and it was served in a coconut, pretty awesome I must say. That's probably Asian fusion at it's finest. I've also been told by 2 friends that the coconut ice cream is to die for. So I must try that the next time I'm here. In regards to service, service is pretty good. On my first visit our server was Adrienne and she was pretty spectacular. The other members of our party could not decide to order so she basically gave a description of everything on the menu. She even gave my friend suggestions on what to order based off of what he craving. She was really patient and pleasant during our entire dining experience. This place has definitely become a stable in town and it certainly is one now in my book.
3	Ambiance was much better than the actual food here. Service was good-attentive & quick. I really wanted to like this place, but overall, wasn't impressed! 1.) Chicken pho was not made w chicken broth! I order chicken pho specifically for that reason. Instead, they use beef broth. I know this isn't a 'strictly pho' joint, so they probably use the same broth for all of their phos-I was disappointed! 2.) Oxtail fried rice was too mushy & wet for my liking. I like my fried rice drier in texture & this seemed almost porridge like..something was missing in flavor too. There was a good amount of oxtail meat though!3.) Whole grilled squid-probably the best out of the 3 dishes we (bf & I) tried. The spicy aioli was okay, but I would have preferred this dish w ponzu. There are probably dishes here that are good/better, but I don't think I will be running back here anytime soon to find out. P.S. I have used Yelp for yrs but never wrote my own reviews..decided to start tonight...proud to say this is my first review on here-woot :)
4	Im a very picky person when it comes to food, so I stick to what I know. But it's a really good spot to eat after a night of partying...You cant go wrong with the Oxtail pho, oxtail chili cheese fries, and the steak and eggs.
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas. The service is always great (Adrienne and Thomas are wonderful). The food is just... INCREDIBLE. My favorite is the big bone soup and the pork belly buns. Happy hour starts at midnight, and they have $1 bluepoint oysters. I love this place. Also, don't forget to try the beef carpaccio. It's made with truffle oil and its to die for!
3	I'm a fan, but there are definitely things that they could improve on, service wise. Ambiance: 4 - It's small, cute, and clean inside. There's definitely a lot of space during happy hour when I came in, which is always a good thing! Service: 3 - They were good and attentive, but they are definitely prone to lots of mistakes. The servers should know what orders to put in first or the cooks should know which orders to crank out first. For example, we got our oxtail fries absolutely last at the end of our meal, which was odd. And I understand pho is easy to make, but you have to be smart about which orders you're putting out together. Other than this, service was pretty great! Food: 3/4 - I would say that some food was a hit or miss. It's definitely a good idea to arrive during their happy hours. I thought the oxtail fries and serrano wings were so-so. Though, I did hear that their pho was good and I had that crispy bird's nest noodle dish, which was also pretty tasty. Probably my favorite thing of the night was the oysters and how much they cost during happy hour--a dollar an oyster! They were super fresh and a good size. Plus, they didn't have that "just picked it from the ocean" taste, which was really nice! I think I'll definitely come back for happy hours ;)
