5	This one replaced the location on Howard Hughes (inside FedEx). It is very bright from the floor to ceiling windows. The lobby is spacious and there are plenty of tables. This location has a drive thru and features the new Clover coffee brew machine. The Clover is a specialty machine that brews Starbucks reserve and exotic coffees by the cup. The price of the Clover brewed coffee is a little higher but the coffee is of a higher quality.  Although I'll miss the old location on Howard Hughes from YEARS of being a customer, this one is much nicer.
5	Great location. Modern free-standing location with great service, friendly people, comfy seating & good parking.
3	Not sure what other reviewers mean by comfortable seating. Compared to older Starbucks, the seating in here stinks. There are plenty of army type metal chairs and stools, and only three armless, stiff upholstered chairs clustered around a teeny tiny table. Very ultra industrial, with a very, very high ceiling so noise echoes like crazy. Also, the new "boulangerie" pastries are pathetic. Everything is tiny and sad looking. But the good news is, for old timer Starbucks customers like me, I can still get a decent cappuccino.
5	They have the nicest and most friendly staff at this location. I'll go out of my way just to go there.
3	Not the typical ambience. More of a break room for the Las Vegas cab driver association. The men's restroom needs a lot of housekeeping. Can't go wrong with the ribbon crunch caramel frappuccino.
5	This particular facility gets a five-star yelp review, because in spite of the non-mechanically separated chicken bone from the chicken BLT salad sandwich that I had to return, Joey and his friends were able to help me have a nice pleasant experience.Great staff, clean facility, go to location, available parking... all-important but I really want to stress the people making it a satisfying experience.
4	Starbucks is Starbucks. Staff is friendly...drive-thru staff can be a bit mechanical...but I cannot blame them.
