5	(It's in Binnions Casino)  We found out about Benny's threw our neighbor.  He ralked about how good it is.  Because he knows were into bbq.   Thee service was great,  I can't remember or servers name.  I think it was Jenny.  She was really nice.   There menu is very simple.  Ribs and chicken!   Do you want all ribs or all chicken, or do you want half and half!   It comes with delicious coleslaw,  bbq beans that taste so good, corn on the cob and cornbread.   I usually don't want time spend my money on bbg, cause we do oir own.  But this was really good.  They also have a nice beer menu.    I would eat here again if I get hungry on freamont st.  My combo was $11.99.  And I brought all my chicken home.
1	I don't like giving a 1 star rating. I usually reserve that for a really horrible experience but in this case, this place earned a one star rating. I know that is harsh but this place straight up sucked. There were 8 of us and when you have a large group it's difficult to coordinate where to go to eat. Someone in the group suggested we check out the Binion and off we went. We stumbled across Benny's and decided to go in since it wasn't busy. There is no hostess stand so you walk in and find your own table to sit at, at least I think that's how it works. The middle aged waitress didn't acknowledge us while we were standing at the front. We walked around the small space seeing if there was a table for 8, there was not. There's only tables for 4. One couple was leaving and told us we could have their table to put together with the open table next to theirs. We did that. The waitress came over and did a quick wipe down with a dirty rag that left streaks and food behind. Eeww. I ended up wiping it down with the paper towels that were on the table.The menu consists of 4 things. Full rack or half rack of ribs, 1/2 roasted chicken or 1/2 roasted chicken with 1/2 rack of ribs. Prices were really cheap. I'm thinking with only 4 things on the menu, the food has to be phenomenal. I was wrong. Mediocre. The ribs were a dry rub with sauce on the side. The sauce tasted like bottled sauce. My corn was the smallest out of the group about 2 inches long. The slaw was watery and the baked beans tasted like a pound of sugar was dumped in it. I didn't try the corn bread. My friend's chicken wasn't cooked all the way and was pink by the bone so she didn't eat it.Service was slllloooooooowwwwww. My 86 grandma walks faster than she does. It took about 15 mins (and I'm being generous) for our waitress to come over and give us menus and even longer for her to come back and take our order. She left her bifocals on our table and when we were finally able to flag her down she mentioned she was looking all over for it because she couldn't put in our order since she couldn't see the computer screen. Great. We probably waited about an hour for our food. I really wanted to walk out but my friends said to give it a couple of more mins. Luckily we got our food after that. One thing I saw that really disturbed me was, I saw our waitress dumping water glasses full of ice into the water pitcher. I know what I saw. She had 3 of the red water glasses, the same one I was drinking out of and saw her dump all 3 one at a time into the water pitcher. I don't know if she was recycling customers drinking water or if she used the glasses as a vessel to carry ice. She then dropped ice on the counter and scooped it up off the counter with her bare hands and dumped it into the pitcher. I stopped drinking the water and told my friends not to drink it.There was another waitress there, a younger one but she was more preoccupied with coming in and out of the restaurant. Can't tell you what she was doing but she wasn't working that's for sure. When our very frazzled and slow waitress finally brought our check, she actually gave us the wrong check. We had to flag her down and get the correct one. We spent another 15 mins waiting for her to come back with my friend's credit card. Actually she didn't come back so we went to her. My other friends went to go gamble while we dealt with her and my friend's now missing credit card. When she finally found it she hadn't processed it yet. While she was doing that she told us that the party before us forgot their credit card...uh..more like you forgot to give it back. Also there was a young couple smoking their vapor there which I thought was rude and disrespectful. I overheard our waitress tell the young man "oh you go boy, just like smoking a hookah"...wow...just wow. We were there for more than 2 hours. Walk past this place and don't do it. Seriously not worth it.
5	The bbq is soooo goood
