3	This Macy's store is just ok. It's a small two story location. The best part about this store is the MAC counter which replaced the Benefit counter, shortly after Dillard's closed. Near the other entrance/exit to the other wing of the mall, are the purses- Fossil, Kipling (Coach & Dooney & Bourke are locked and in the glass cases) and shoes- bathrooms are located through a small entrance, but you won't see it unless you go past the thong sandals (very small department). Also located across from MAC are the other cosmetics counters and jewelry department. Men's clothing is also located on the bottom floor. Upstairs (escalators) is where the Christmas Decorations are located (very small) during the holidays. Women's clothing (including petite department) and lingerie department are also located upstairs.
3	This store always has good sales, you can't knock the price, all you have to do is take a look around.  The overall ambiance of the store is OK, it's nothing to write home about and it is nowhere near the Macy's at Fashion Show.  But it is solid and I will come back.  You get the brands that you want and most of the time it's a reasonable price.  And then there is the times that you find something good in the clearance section!!!  A savior for my wallet, haha.  So to sum it up for you, this place is solid.  You have to look a bit, but you usually will find something.  And they have a lot of specials going on so stop by and see if it's your cup of tea.
3	This place looks like its getting ready to close down!!! Weird.
5	I am writing A RAVE REVIEW ABOUT MACY'S DEPARTMENT STORETHE BOULEVARD MALL STOREI have shopped at many Macy's Department stores in various cities.I find this store to be my favorite.The manage Rhonda Lawrence is a terrific manager and her employees as wellas customers love her.  The Sales personnel are wonderful, especiallyRayna Morris in housewares.  I am a senior and always looking for ways to save money.  Rayna has helped me with sales coupons on many of my purchases .Also Pauline in the Women's ware department.  They both know me by nameand know what I like .  It is such a  pleasure to find most of my needs at this Macy's.I find I save more on purchases there, then in stores like Target, K-Mart orWalmart.I definitely recommend Macy's Boulevard Store.
3	I love the deals I get here, but the mall is a bit run down.
3	This is definitely not my favorite mall in town to shop in, but if I'm in the neighborhood, I check it out. They have nice staff and on the few occasions I've been here, they have been very friendly and helpful when I'm looking for something specific.
4	Not in the best part of town but there are nice areas in the near lying areas.  I witnessed atrocities from the patrons to the workers while browsing the racks and shelves within the store, seriously amazed with the tact and the ability to let it roll off their backs attitude.  I went out of my way to approach a couple of employees who were treated beyond badly by the customers they were helping and who also shrugged it off.  (I would have thrown something at them myself)  They took it in stride, so the customers I think is my only qualm in this mall.  ALL of the employees were super nice to me and after seeing a couple of the customers I understand why, I was offered free samples and on one of my purchases that was 60% off there was a slight problem I asked the employe about it and she marked an additional 15% off. So what my grandmother said remains true "you get more flies with sugar then spice"
3	Well it is Macys, staff was helpful for the most part. It is attached to the mall, and its not the best mall in town, but Macys is Macys..
1	Worst location we have ever been to. Incompetent staff with no customer service skills at all! My wife has always liked shopping at Macy's and although we normally go to the fashion show mall we stopped by this one and spent a few hundred dollars. They forgot to remove the security device and when we came back to have it removed they treated us like thieves. Very rude! Will never shop here again.
5	I'm giving 5 stars because of the employees. No, I don't prefer this part of town & rarely come to this location but the employee who helped me today deserves 5 stars, quick, efficient, friendly & courteous. I noticed I'd written a tip 3 years ago about the great employees so figured it was time to write a review because this place deserves more than 3 stars if only due to their employees.
3	It's not in the best of areas, but it has a good selection of everything. If your looking for nice mens shoes or suites ask for Donna, she's an amazing sales associate, very helpful, very kind, will help with anything. Some of the other departments, it's hit or miss. Sometimes their nice. But it all depends on the day.
1	Just an awful Macys.  Inept/mean staff (one was mad we didn't want help with perfumes, and the check out couldn't take off the security tag, so we had to wait 10 minutes for help to arrive).  3 levels.  Homewares did not carry Fiesta ware, which is why we came in the first place.  Whatever!  Just thinking about this place, is still depressing.  Depressing Macys all around.
