4	Why this place has not been rated yet is a mystery to me.  Joachim Splichal transported his Pinot restaurant from LA to The Venetian, and it is one of the classiest places in town.  Elegant dark wood, brass and copper accents, mirrors, and other decorative objects contribute to the Parisian bistro atmosphere.  Incredible food (enjoyed a lobster sandwich for lunch), excellent service, rarely a crowd, and, BTW, children under 12 eat free here!The Pinot Brasserie is conveniently located on the casino level just as you enter the area of restaurants, stores and the ticket box office linking the Sands meeting rooms to The Venetian.
4	easy to miss gem in the venetian's restaurant row. part of the pinot family of restaurants with sister locations in southern california. excellent bar staff that offers the option of ordering from the menu of you don't want to bother with a full on convention networking dinner (yick). pan seared scallops is one of my favorites, as is the chicken & brie sandwich.
4	Tasteful interior, classy (but not pretentious) ambiance, and most importantly, delicious food.  Their lunch menu offers a delightful lobster sandwich with lightly salted garlic fries which I thoroughly enjoyed.  I went there for dinner the following day, and was impressed once again.  I had a taste of everyone's entree at my table and couldn't decide if the filet mignon or the halbut was my favorite.  The desert menu offers oven roasted strawberries with goat cheese.  Sounds strange, I know, but it was surprisingly good.This unassuming French restaurant is an excellent place to go to if you're in town for a convention or if you just want to get away from the tourist crowd.
4	Nice service and pretty good food.  I didn't review the wine list, but they do have a very nice selection of top shelf bourbons to tickle even my fancy (Woodford Reserve, Bookers, Bakers, Makers, and several more).  The heirloom tomato salad was pretty good, but certainly not anywhere near AOC's in Los Angeles.  Most of the people I was with enjoyed their meal, and I was no exception.  I would say however the braised pork belly was on the dry side, really surprising when you consider the cut of meat and how the fats should have kept it nice, moist, and falling apart.  I didn't try the chocolate souffle myself, but the chocolate-lover in our group rated it highly.Overall a nice place and the prices weren't too bad, probably near $75pp with tip, including a couple top shelf cocktails.
5	I have to admit that in the past, I've had problems finding a memorable dining experience in Las Vegas. Pinot changed all that.The dining room was comfortable. It seems that many new restaurants that want to the diner to feel a sense of history try too hard. This was not the case with Pinot. Although I knew that this restaurant has only been here for a few years at the most, it had an ambiance that suggested decades of service. Their wine list was more than impressive. It had to have been at least 20 pages long and featured wines from the four corners of the earth. One could get a tad bit carried away in its pages. The bottles range from around $40 to well over $1500.  Thankfully they also serve wine by the glass. We each had a nice glass of a Barbera/Merlot blend which was $10/glass. As for the food:  My wife and I decided to order a half dozen oysters along with an endive salad as appetizers.  The oysters were fresh and full of flavor.  The endive salad was astonishing. The endives were garnished with walnuts, Roquefort, and orange zest; which was an unusual, albeit brilliant, combination. I had never tasted a combination of endives and orange zest in the past, but they compliment each other. The mixture of the sweetness of the orange and the bitterness of the endives is a taste that everyone should experience.Dinner: My wife had a short rib that took little coaxing to come off the bone. I'm convinced that all she needed to do was snap her fingers and the meat would have complied. The short ribs tasted like pot roast. That should be enough for you. I had the braised ginger-citrus pork belly, which melted in my mouth. Dessert: The chocolate souffle. We honestly didn't think we would be able to have dessert. However, the waiter suggested the souffle and mentioned that it would take roughly fifteen minutes to bake. Deciding that we weren't in any hurry, we decided that a souffle was a great idea. Besides, fifteen minutes is ample time to let our stomachs do some digesting.   I can assure you that it was well worth the wait.There were a few snafus during the meal. They brought out the wrong salad at first, but quickly replaced it. Plus, they need experience in making a cappuccino. The one that  was served to me was more like a latte with thick foam floating atop, which is not a cappuccino.  Neither of these incidents took away our pleasant dining experience.All in all, the complete meal cost $135 without tip, which is reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber. They deserve these five stars.
2	I'm not quite sure about  this place yet. I went for brunch on Mother's day with my parents, the atmosphere was nice, the service was attentive, but the food not that great. I had the stuffed french toast that really wasn't "stuffed" at all it was just sliced and seasoned apples between slightly overcooked bread. I expected real maple syrup for the price of this dish, and the syrup was not real.  I think I'll give Pinot brasserie another chance someday for dinner, because brunch was definetly dissapointing.
1	The worst brunch I ever had. It went something like this:Me: I'll have the Eggs Florentine with the hollandaise in the side, please.Befuddled Waitress: Sure. Wait, did you say extra hollandaise? Or hollandaise on the side?Me: On the side. Hollandaise on the side. Thanks!Random Food bringer: Here you go.Me: ... Uh. I asked for the hollandaise on the side? Can you get our server?BW: (Coming back, flustered) OH! That was my fault. Sorry!Me: ...Much much later...BW: Here you go, on the side.Me: ...  ... (Staring at the strange congealed substance that tasted like mayonnaise.) Uh. Thanks?The hollandaise was so disgusting. The most horrible hollandaise I have ever seen or eaten. It wasn't even hollandaise. It was something else masquerading as hollandaise. Congealed Mayo Lard Sauce maybe? Evil! And my friend ordered the Quiche and she could barely get her meal down too. The only positive thing was that the coffee and my friend's cappuccino were good.  Blech. They weren't even busy when we came. In fact, they were kinda dead. So there is no excuse. None.
3	I give this French bistro three stars only because there has to be room for other French restaurants that need more. There is a better restaurant actually in the Venetian, but if you don't want to go upstairs to eat or you can't get in at the other French, and your dying for some fancy treats, sit in the bar area here and order up some fun appetizers and a glass of wine. The bar is nice and dark, and cozy. This isn't my first choice in this hotel, but decent for a small bite.
4	Just had a small early brunch here.  Almost deserted for some reason.  But the food was very good.  Good service too.  Decor is traditional, but felt maybe a little out dated.
3	http://blog.tinou.com/2007/08/pinot-brasserie.html
3	Pinot is an interesting little steakhouse.  Located in the Venetian, one is treated to a wonder ambiance made better by the level of service I found.  We walked in with a little trepidation as there were no other customers on a Saturday night.  One single thought racing into my head, "My God, what have I done".  I can assure you though, the reason for the emptiness was indiscernible to me as I left quite content.   Both my companion's and my steak were cooked to perfection.  The wine list was adequate to entice a wide variety of tastes.  Our dessert was better than acceptable, but not memorable.  The fresh dinner bread was plentiful and warm (even at the last seating~ 9:45pm ish).  Our champagne was served at the perfect temperature... something usually forgotten in the bustle of a busy evening.All that being said, I found it a little higher priced than the meal warranted.  Additionally, I felt the pricing of the wine was also a little unfair.
3	LOST: SOUL AND GOOD SERVICE; IF FOUND PLEASE RETURN TO PINOTThe food was actually pretty good overall, with a generous portion of moules mariniere soaking in a hot tub of butter, wine and garlic, and a Flintstones-sized short rib that was fall-off-the-bone tender.  The only negatives were the duck breast which was tough and chewy, the service which was painfully intermittent especially given how empty the restaurant was, and the utter lack of soul and character.  If I'm dropping a few bills on dinner, I expect something more than just good food.
5	Yum Yum steak and eggs.one of THE best.
4	I'm surprised by the reviews of this place, but I had a great dinner there with my family.  My brother described it as his best meal of his entire life.  If that tells you anything.  It is a french steak house, I didn't love the decor but the restaurant was great.We started with escargot, which is normally one of my favorite, but it was not as good as I expected.  I would have liked it to have a bit more flavor.  The rest of the meal was incredible though.  We all shared the special seafood platter for two.  It had lobster, shrimp, oysters, clam, mussels, and crab legs.  On the side we got the mussels appetizer which was warm.  Let me tell you we could not eat enough of the seafood.  It was fabulous.  It was the perfect amount of food for three people.  For dessert there were 2 chocolate souffles which I heard were fabulous. I had the strawberries oven baked in aged balsamic. I am not a chocolate person and I thought the strawberries were perfect.  I'm recommend it to anyone who likes a lighter dessert.  It was served with cheese on the side that was a very light blue.I would recommend going there for dinner and trying out their seafood.
4	I ate here on New Year's Eve. They set all the place settings with top hats and crowns which said "Happy New Year", a horn and a lei. The ceiling was covered in gold and silver balloons. They had a special menu for that night. Basically, my carnivorous tendencies are limited to chicken and fish, but no shellfish. Nothing on the menu for that night had either of these two options. When we made the reservation we made sure it would be fine for me to order off the regular menu. After we sat down and told the waitress this, she looked rather shocked. She checked with the chef and he said he had the materials to make me a French onion soup and a rotisserie chicken. The soup was good. The broth was hearty, there was lots of cheese and it was very filling. Next came half of a chicken on a very generous bed of mushrooms and accompanied by a gigantic cone of french fries. I love mushrooms and they tasted great with the chicken. I also enjoy fries so I wasn't going to turn them away, but I'm confused about how or why they added to the meal. They seemed sort of independent, like a rebellious teen forced to be there.My fiancee had an oyster soup, cheese ravioli with truffle oil and rare fillet Mignon. He liked the soup and I can confirm that the ravioli were tasty. He said the fillet Mignon was the best he'd ever had, better than at Fleur De Lys. For desert I ordered the chocolate souffle. By the time we were ready for desert they ran out of the souffle and without asking me which desert I would prefer our waitress brought me one of the other 3 deserts. She brought me the same one my fiancee had ordered. It was a chocolate molten cake which tasted exactly like the one you can get at Chili's. I would have preferred one of the other deserts such as creme brulee, but as she plopped this one down in front of me and told me it was "very good, it's like a chocolate molten cake" I stared dubiously up at her. The other awkward thing about this place is that our waitress smirked through our dinner, as though we were amusing her and to be tolerated.  She especially seemed to enjoy when I ordered a half bottle of wine to drink by myself.  Maybe I'm wrong about this, but I don't think I am. It was very odd. I would go again because the food is good, the atmosphere is relaxed, we aren't likely to get the same waitress and if you sit in the interior dining room, you can't see the constant parade of tourists.
5	5 stars.Excellent.  Exquisite.  Fabulous.Hands down.  The best steak I've had in my life, so far.Cooked to perfection in the steak temperature desired.  Excellent wine selection- reds to pair w/ the steak.Highly recommended if you're on the lookout for upscale, good eats.
5	A great evening!  Great atmosphere, great food.  We had a nice romantic dinner here a couple of nights ago.  We had a glass of chardonnay each.  We shared a crab claw cocktail.  R had steak (I can't remember the cut he got, but it was very very very impressive) and I had the linguini with mussels and clams.   (I know I should be more descriptive, but I guess I should head to bed since there is an early morning for a business trip.  Looks like I have about 4 hours of sleep ahead of me.  More later.)
5	One of the best value on the Strip.I had the 5 course chef's tasting menu at $70. Which is probably at least $100 anywhere else on the strip.The highlights of my tasting were the foie gras, the sashimi of kampachi on blood orange vinaigrette and the braised pork belly.Great execution on all the dishes. The Patina Group from LA owns this place and they just have it down with clean, simple and bright flavors.The service was great, too My wife had only 2 courses but our server made sure that each diner always has a dish in front them. Great job on pacing our meal.This will be one my regular stops for a nice dinner in LV.
4	We came here for my friend's birthday dinner on a Friday night, and to be fairly honest, we came upon this place only because the wait at Mon Ami Gabi was ridiculous and we were starving.  Turns out it was for the best, because this is a hidden gem at the Venetian!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is so cute!  The staff couldn't be nicer or more attentive.  Our water glasses were always full, and freshly baked bread was served one roll at a time (perfect for someone who lacks self-control around carbs like yours truly).  The Onion Soup Gratinee w/ the gruyere cheese  was the best french onion soup I've ever had.  Rather heavy, though, and the meal would have been perfect even if I had just stopped there.  But how could a girl  not gorge herself crazy at a place like this?  For my entree, I had the Mussel Mariniere (which is an appetizer, but works just as well as a entree).  Yummy dish, but I could have used more white wine broth.  It came with garlic fries, which was basically evil disguised in an innocent-looking cone.  Luckily, the nice server took them away before I ate too many of them.  Again, I can't emphasize how nice the staff is here.  Our waiter literally spent 15 minutes discussing all the desserts with us, and when we eventually decided on the Chocolate Souffle, it was on the house!  Will definitely return to this place when I visit Vegas again, but had to knock off one star for the lack of white wine broth with my mussels.
5	The best food I have ever had in my life, without exaggeration, is the oven-baked strawberries in balsamic vinaigrette with goat cheese.Seriously.  The best.I have tried recreating this several times, but to no avail.  The thought of the dish alone makes me salivate with the anticipation of the sour, sour balsamic paired with the sweet strawberry.I wish I were in Vegas right now.  Then I would order three of these.(Ate dinner here once also.  Had mushroom risotto.  Not special.  Skip dinner, ORDER THE FRIGGING STRAWBERRIES FOR APPETIZER, ENTREE, AND DESSERT).
4	If you like French Steakhouse fare, I bet this is your kind of place... My dad took the fam to Pinot Brasserie on a Saturday night at 8pm - I thought the place would be crowded, but it was pretty quiet.  It was convenient since we were staying at the Venetian.  The service was extremely attentive (thanks Steven) and the food we had was good, but I will warn you, it's a pretty limited menu.I went with a mixed green salad that had fresh citrus and some grilled asparagus on it... and then I had 6 oysters on the half shell and a side of creamed spinach.  This was a really good meal along with the fresh roll they served and a nice glass of Sauv Blanc.  The rest of the fam enjoyed other apps and entrees including the Caesar Salad, Scallop Nicoise, Mussels, and Escargot.  Although portions were not huge, our choices kept us satisfied through the (Chris Rock) show we went to see after our meal.Again, Pinot Brasserie was pleasant, but I would recommend only to those who are fans of French food - take a look at the menu before you choose Pinot Brasserie as one of your dining destinations while in Vegas!
5	Changed my mind.  Order dinner!  Order the lamb sirloin.  This was the best piece of meat I've ever eaten.  Ever.The strawberries are still the best food I have ever had in my life, but hte lamb sirloin was close.Service was a little brusque, especially after we didn't order wine, but who cares?  I don't even like lamb that much, but this was SOOOO GOOD OMG.
4	Saturday morning breakfast.Hung over and in need of some food. I had the croquette monsieur, while the really hung over guy next to me had the pino omlette. He enjoyed as much as his stomach could handle.Really friendly staff, and the food was good.Odd decor around you for breakfast, but hey its french, and its vegas, so there's bound to be something not right.
2	had breakfast here - service was lamentable - water?  coffee?  getting our orders wrong?  had to ask for everything and manage our waiter's job.  the croque madame had a poached egg on it?  wtf? at least get your french recipes right.  sheesh.   the coffee was so weak - when we could get it, we had to drink like ten cups of it, and then still ended up at illy.in vegas, when you want something filling for breakfast, I'd wait it out and have a croissant or  a bagel and a starbucks - wait for lunch.
2	This review is for dessert only, as we didn't have dinner here.We decided to stop in for dessert because we saw the sign touting "decadent chocolate souffles" When we sat in the bar, and asked about it, they were out of the "souffle for two" and only had a smaller one, which was cheaper ($9) which we ordered.I ordered a coke, and it came out diet.. WTF? We had to make some noise to get it replaced. The souffle itself was OK.. it was a little too bitter for my liking, but for $9 I felt the quality was about what I would expect. It wasn't an authentic souffle, it was more like a soft cake. There was warm chocolate sause in the middle.  They also gave us  cream for it.  We were hoping for a little better, and were disappointed.  After we finished, we must have waited a good 20 minutes for the bill. If it wasn't for that I'd give this place 3 stars.. .
4	We ate here for Christmas dinner this past year.  They were offering a prix fixe menu that sounded very good and offered many options for each course; it was actually a bit tough to decide what to order.  The service was fast and efficient.  We had to wait maybe a little longer than was ideal between a course or two but overall it was great.  I think we were lacking in bread at one point (this was important to the oyster eaters).  Overall, the food was wonderful, too.  I ordered lobster bisque, crab cake, halibut and crepes Suzette.  Everything I had was delicious.  My dining companions ordered some other items and they pretty much enjoyed everything.  One thing they absolutely raved about was the oysters on the half shell.  They loved the sauce that was served with them.They have a very extensive wine list which focuses on wines from California, Italy, and France but has many others, too.  The list also had quite a few at lower price points and then, of course, a lot as the prices crept up.  There were some very high-end choices, as well.  We chose a lower priced wine (a Dolcetto) and it was very enjoyable.  There were plenty of wines available by the glass but there were, of course, a lot more in bottles.  I would like to take some time and venture through the wine list here.Overall, this was a very pleasant dining experience.  The price was very reasonable for what we got and I would definitely return.
3	I was here for drinks and appys so I don't know how it does for a full meal.  Darker wood decor, I suppose to be french inspired.  Service is good and food came quickly.  Nice wine selection.  I can't recall everything I sampled that night but I was generally happy with the quality, but not enough to come back for a full meal considering the other choices in Vegas.
5	I was really delighted with this meal!  The restaurant is very nice looking for starters, my martini was excellent, the ceasar salad and onion soup were great, but the filet mignon was prepared so excellently that I was able to cut it with a butter knife!  It also tasted amazing.  The service was great too.  I did not have dessert so I cannot comment on that.  I would undoubtedly return here next time I am in Vegas.  Other meals I had were at Wynn and Encore, and this one was much better!
5	Visited Pinot Brasserie for a birthday dinner and it was GREAT!  My boyfriend and i had a later reservation 930pm (restaurant closes at 10pm)... and we were a bit nervous that we would be rushed. To our surprise, we were not rushed at all, and  were able to enjoy a delightful dinner in the front room.The restaurant has a rather extensive wine list - moderately priced. We enjoyed a bottle of Pinot Grigio. We started off our meal with a caprese salad, field greens and crab claw cocktail.  The caprese salad was amazing. I love caprese salads and it was the best mozzerella cheese that I have ever had. The tomato was poached whole in a white balsamic dressing. My boyfriend had the field greens with carmelized pears, pecans and a not too sweet dressing.  The crab claw cocktail was served with a not too spicy, fresh cocktail sauce. The crab claws were large and very meaty.For our entrees we got the ribeye steak and lobster tail. For $45 my boyfriend said that his ribeye was cooked to perfection. My lobster tail came deshelled and cooked perfectly as well.  Both portions were larger than other restaurants. Our meals ended with a great chocolate souffle cake with a great sauce. Definitely try the chocolate souffle if you are here! Service was absolutely great- as mentioned above, we were one of the last tables at the restaurant, but our server didn't rush us at all.  Our bus boy was very attentive with our water, plates, bread. Over all had a great dinner experience.I will definitely be back again! **birthday tip*** sign up for SIMPLY PATINA @ patinarestaurantgroup.com  and get $30 or $50 off your birthday meal at any patina restaurant!
5	Walking in, I wasn't sure about how it would be, but i was absolutely impressed once the food hit our taste buds.The meat here is second to none!~  The ribeye is a hefty portion, but the meat was so tender and cut like butter.  Also impressed with the short rib & langostino... Service was good.  We tried the chocolate souffle - a bit too rich for our taste, but still tasty.  But we haven't had meat so tasty... Will definitely be back!
4	We went for their Restaurant Week menu, and I was definitely impressed.  I started with the lobster bisque, which had a unique flavor I couldn't place, but was very good.  I had the filet mignon for my entree, and it was tender, juicy, and just plain yummy.  My dessert, the tarte tatin, was great, but my husband's creme brulee stole the show.  It was perfect.  We were pretty impressed with the wine list.  They had some surprisingly affordable picks, and the wine list was well organized. Our service was okay, but not exceptional.  We were waiting for a 3rd person to join us, and they didn't bring us bread until she arrived, though the bread guy was walking around offering it to other people.  Our server also spilled water on my menu and forgot to bring us steak knives.  Everything was brought to us in a timely manner, and they were prompt with the water refills and bread delivery once our 3rd person arrived.  I definitely enjoyed our dining experience here.  The food quality was well worth the full price on the menu, though I think their service could be a little better for what people end up spending.
3	After hearing decent reviews about Pinot Brasserie's involvement with Restaurant Week, we decided to check out their lunch menu the past Sunday.As we approached the hostess, she asked if we were there for Restaurant Week (which we were), and gave us a seat inside.  (In retrospect, I wish I had asked for a seat in the 'outside' area so we could have access to the pedestrian area.  The front room we were seated in reminded me of someone's dining room.  After taking our orders and getting our beverages, hot bread rolls and cold butter arrived a few minutes later.Starter:* Onion Soup Gratinee "Baguette, Gruyere cheese" - The Husband and I both chose this dish to start, since the other options were both salads.  The cheesy goodness from the Gruyere cheese really makes this dish.  Otherwise it's just onions and bread in a broth.Entree:* Croque Monsieur "Ham, Gruyere cheese, Creme Fraiche" - This is what I had initially ordered.  But the neighboring table got an order of the Linguini Pasta and I could smell the wonderful garlic scent rising from her dish.  I was immediately enchanted and wished to change my order.  (Thank goodness it was before the soup had arrived, so the waitress was able to make the change.)* Linguini Pasta "Mussels, Littleneck Clams, white wine broth" - When the waiter placed the dish in front of me, I waited for the steam bath of garlic to envelope me.  It didn't.  I took a big whiff and I could hardly smell any garlic.  It also looked a bit less than that neighboring party's dish.  Hmmm...As I started to separate the mussels and clams from their shells, I took a bite of my pasta.  Pretty heavy on the white wine broth and not much else is what my final thoughts were.  I found myself putting pats of butter into the dish to give it more flavor.  It was just okay, not something I would order again.* Roasted Chicken "Tarragon-sherry jus, Pinot Garlic Fries" - A generous portion size for lunch, I was surprised that The Husband went this route since we're not fond of the dry chicken problem.  He really thought it would be different here.  The chicken laid on a bed of mushrooms which had a heavy wine sauce.  In the end, the chicken was dry, especially the breast section.  (He learned his lesson.)  The side of fries were good, although we had to ask for a dipping sauce.Dessert:* Chocolate Croissant Pudding "With Wild Turkey Sauce" - Unfortunately, they were already out of this dessert by 1 pm.* Creme Brulee "Burnt custard" - Dessert took awhile, and at least it was worth waiting for.  They do their creme brulee very nicely here.  A large service area for the burnt sugary top, a nice texture and taste, and a satisfying dessert overall.Service was decent, nothing exceptional though.  Things took a lot longer than we felt necessary, and I'm not sure if it's because they purposely want you to have a leisurely meal or if they just run slower.  I did notice that not everyone was offered the Restaurant Week lunch menu option, which does make me wonder why.
2	made reservations for 8:30, but we were hungry by 7pm, called and asked if we could be seated early and they said no problem. we got there and were promptly seated, got a look over at the menu, we placed our orders. as we waited for complimentary bread & butter, a couple sat adjacent to our table after we did.. and they got their bread&butter before us.. then they got their appetizers before us.. and their entrees.. and desserts.. they actually were able to leave before us.. before we even got our desserts!!all the waiters/etc moved around so quickly for some unknown reason.. the diners were all very relaxed and it was a quiet atmosphere, so why were they all hurriedly running around? shrugs. the decor is retarded. it's pretty, then it's casual with knotted pine stained in an oakish color.. combined with odd formal sconces with red silk shades.. with old venetian aged looking mirrors... it was very mis-matched and in a very bad way. the only thing i liked, was the dark grey ceilings with gold crown molding and grand chandeliers that hung from them.. i've had my fair share of tiny portions of pretentious food, but this place was just retarded. for appetizers, we got escargot, grilled baby octopus, and the foie gras. the octopus was way too lemony, and the foie gras was overcooked.. escargot wasn't special save for the sauce which was the only thing that saved the appetizers. for entrees, i got the salmon lyonnaise, .. salmon was dry and definitely overcooked.. my cousin got scallops and it wasn't anything spectacular.. my aunt got veal cheeks and short of the zucchini, it tasted like a popular vietnamese dish (thit kho).. and for desserts, my aunt and i got the same thing, one each: belgian chocolate souffle, and my cousin got the chocolate croissant bread pudding, which was the chef's special dish.. chocolate souffle was boring. we make better ones at home, this was far too cake-ish.. wasn't fluffy enough. and the bread pudding was bland.. and dry. we were definitely not impressed.. and after figuring out that the Patina Group owns this one, and the others in SoCal, we were further disinterested.. and it made sense as to why we weren't impressed. the Pinot Provence in Costa Mesa was nothing to be of huge acclaim, it all made sense as to why Pinot Brasserie was nothing exciting either. We are definitely not coming back here.
3	We were hosting 70+ Field Engineers for dinner at Pinot inside the Venetian Hotel.  With a large group you need to lower your expectation a bit since they are working on good service and they limit the menu.  Choice of Salad or soup and I went with an onion soup with Gruyere cheese that was very good.  The main course was a choice of Prime rib, herb Chicken or Salmon.  I really wanted to the Salmon but is was to be mostly rare and U like it cooked.  The Chicken was ok, but it came with string Fries?  Who serves string fries for a formal dinner group?  Again service was good, drinks were over priced and the food was ok!
2	Skip it! There are far better places to enjoy at the same price point. The wine list was a disappointment and the food was mediocre. App. Shrimp cocktail Just okay. Salad. Ceasar no anchovies. "tasty but ordered it with no dressing and no croutons. It's hard to screw up a pile of romaine and charge $12 to boot. Entrees seared scallops. Scallops were tasted but far better  are to be had ( and have been) my mom and sister both ordered the roasted chicken. They  both said it was good. The chicken is served with a silly amount of fries. We skipped dessert. The service was slow and inattentive considering we were literally the only ones in the entire place. Overall the experience was not bad however I would never recommend it nor revisit.
2	We ate at this place for Thanksgiving dinner, and it gave me an overwhelming feeling of OK-ness.  The selection of dishes is very limited and not too exciting.  The food is passable.  The service is actually pretty bad - they have food runners who never know which person or even which table the food goes to and waiters that are experts at zooming past you avoiding eye contact.  The decor is cheesy.  Skip.
3	The wife and I had a pleasant dinner at Pinot during a recent stay at the Venetian.We started by splitting an endive salad... they literally split it onto two plates, which was a nice touch, but the two halves were so small as to be almost comical.My wife had the lobster for her main, and it was really perfect. She did her best to extract every morsel while remaining as ladylike as possible.My entree was duck breast, and it was fairly good, but there was a thin vein of gristle that kept it from being among the best I'd ever had.We ended up skipping dessert because of the richness of our entrees, but we did have a couple of nice glasses of wine. I've since forgotten the producer, but mine was a delicious Washington Pinot Noir, while my wife had champagne.Our server was very nice and patient with us, which is always appreciated.We really like the atmosphere at Pinot--it is elegant without being stuffy.Don't expect to be blown away by the food or the value (this is Vegas, after all), but if you're staying at the Venetian, Pinot Brasserie is a suitable spot for a romantic dinner for two.
2	I ate here tonight (4/28/10) and was underwhelmed.  First off, I had planned on having the Blue Man Group prix fixe dinner.  When I got there, I found out that it was only if you bought that option with your BMG ticket.  I was there to see Chazz Palminteri's A Bronx Tale.  I then ordered off the main menu.  I got the Duck confit and had the Croissant pudding for dessert.  Service was good, but for the price, I should have gone elsewhere.  Even Grand Luxe would have been a better choice.  One thing that really bothered me was that they didn't offer a damp cloth, even a casino wet wipe, to help get the stickiness off my fingers from holding onto the duck leg.  That's one of the reasons I rarely get duck out.  This sealed the deal for me.  I won't be back.
4	Okay, I wanted to give Pinot Brasserie only 3 stars for the insulting escargot but because of how well they treated us I bumped them up to four.I ate here for lunch. My friend and I shared an appetizer and entree. I ordered the escargo, and he ordered the leek tart.My escargo was bland. Bland Escargo!? Really? It was so bland that I scooped up some of the butter from my bread and put in with the sauce. It helped, but I was still disappointed.  The leek tart and side salad, on the other hand, was delish! The balsamic dressing they use was to die for.  While our waiter came to speak with us we dropped the whole Culinary students thaang on him and he told us that he had gone to Le Cordon Blue....we got a good laugh because the pastry teacher he had transferred to our school, and we had fun picking on him.Later when we were done he gave us our check and told us that management would like to buy us a desert. I looked at my friend as said,"It is my birthday, why not?!"  He gave us the desert menu.  Creme brulee? Ive done it a million times, Cheesecake? Can get it anywhere. Souflee? Would take too long.....but, oh whats this? Roasted strawberries with a balsamic reduction infused with mint and vanilla, served with fog goat cheese?! I'm there.We ordered it, and soon the waiter came out telling us that management would like to buy us each a glass of wine to pair with our desert. Yes please!I don't know wines yet, (give me another year to start on that) but it was a sparkling wine that went perfect with the AWESOME desert. Woah! Those flavors blew me away!Would I eat there again? Maybe. If I have the same 2 gentlemen, and I would have to avoid the escargot. Hmmph.
3	This may be a 4 or 5 star restaurant, but my experience was just a 3.My waitress was pleasant, but inattentive. My mom ordered a caesar salad for herself, so it was a nice surprise when we both got plates. Until we got the check and saw they had charged us for two.The caesar had a strong flavor, which I like. It was nicely plated with an anchovie sliver, slice of prosciutto, and breadsticks. Overall, delicious.We ordered a fruits de mer for two. Everything was fresh. I did get a bit of sand in a couple of my oysters. I was willing to overlook it. I was a bit upset about the rolls, however.I asked that either several rolls be place at our table at once, or that we receive rolls continuously- to balance out our fruits de mer. The waitress assured me they would. And yet all night long I received one roll.Finally we had dessert. The tarte tatin. Delicious. I ordered and Irish Coffee with it-  inedible. It was pure whiskey. And while I enjoy a strong drink, I did not order whiskey with a splash of coffee- I ordered an Irish Coffee.This is not a nightclub, you're not doing me a solid by mixing me strong drinks. And while I do enjoy whiskey on its lonesome,  I'd like an Irish Coffee to top off my meal.Anyway, just as a note they do not 'refill' your glass. If you order a soft drink and ask for more, you will be paying for a second drink. Wouldn't have minded if someone had told me.This may seem like a harsh review for me, especially since i float those 5 stars out like candy, but it's really because I had high expectations based on the reputation and presentation.And it would've been nice if my waitress actually paid attention. The bus boys took better care of us than she did.Next time I'd like to try an entree. You get good value for $ here.
3	With a large group you need to lower your expectation a bit since they are working on good service and they limit the menu.  Choice of Salad or soup and I went with an onion soup with Gruyere cheese that was very good.  The main course was a choice of Prime rib, herb Chicken or Salmon.  I really wanted to the Salmon but is was to be mostly rare and U like it cooked.  The Chicken was ok, but it came with string Fries?  Who serves string fries for a formal dinner group?  Again service was good, drinks were over priced and the food was ok!
3	The restaurant seems small compared to others in the hotel, but they packed several large parties into a separate room here for some reason.  Loved the dark wood decor, and the food was great, although the value for the price may be a negative factor.My lamb saddle was delicious, and the martinis were excellent.  Service was very poor, mainly due to a server that would disappear for long stretches of time, so it took us a while to get our order even started.  This was a nice, nice dinner, but I think for the price there are other better options in this hotel, and certainly in Vegas overall.
3	Great food, but are you kidding me with the music?  A much better restaurant than radio station, though I ate there less than a week ago and can't remember what I ordered.
3	We were able to walk into the best table (table 101) at 6:45 on a Friday night! At first I though this was the nail in the coffin because I love busy places, and if you can just walk in at 6:45 and get the best seat, it tells me no one wants to eat there. However, the host was able to convince us that we would not be disappointed.  We had the tasting menu with the wine flight. ($120.00 / person). It took a while between courses, but it was all worth it when the artichoke salad and foie gras was served. The wine was well selected by the chief and it made the meal come alive. Bottom line, the tasting menu is reasonably priced if your into tasting menus.
2	BEWARE: Snails at a French restaurant - escargot. How do you say ROACH???Went here for a group dinner on a Saturday night. It was the only steak place I could get a last minute reservation. Now I know why. Our group was seated and browsing the menu when we saw a roach crawling across the table. Being the girly girl that I am, I screamed EEEWWW and told my friend to kill it. Everyone in the dining room looked at us all snooty because of the ruckus we caused, but umm eeew roach! What would you like me to do quietly and calmly ask it to go away?! Anyhow, the waitress apologized and moved us to another table. We should have left, but being on a schedule and all, we reluctantly ordered our food. Our table had porterhouse steak, chicken, and a fish entree. Good size portions, some were seasoned ok while others were too salty. Overall, didn't hate it but didn't particularly like anything either. The service of the staff was ok. The guy refilling our drinks and bringing our bread was on point.  However the waitress could have been more attentive given it was not crowded and she should be kissing our asses after the roach incident. The Manager never showed up at our table to apologize nor offer a discount. I probably should have complained but I don't know I just didn't. At a place like this I guess I felt like I shouldn't have to fish for a discount. I know at a "dumpy" chain restaurant like Claim Jumpers I'd have an apology and free something automatically. So, at $50+ per person for mediocre food, bad service, and a roach as an appetizer ... I say this restaurant is a FAIL.
4	I'm not sure why people gave such low reviews, because in my opinion this place is great.  We not only love the ambiance but the lunch menu is nice and the portions were large.  I can understand the 2 star review recently for the escargot because, in all honesty, it wasn't classic.  It was more of a deconstructed version and most people aren't into that, I guess.  Anyway, on to the food.The food was outstanding, from the burger and fries to their sea bass, and up to the souffle.  We had the following:Course 1 : Escargot - okay, I get it.  Like I said, it's  deconstructed version with lots of thinly sliced garlic pieces, diced tomatoes, wine and cream sauce with a bit of butter.  The flavors were very bold and a bit too much for my taste.  Course 2: Lobster bisque - this is what a real bisque is.  There's a fine line between chowder and bisque texture, and theirs is smooth, not too creamy and not too watery, and the flavor of lobster is strong.  There's a bit of liquor as well, which was nice, and the drizzle of marscapone with a chunk of lobster meat was wonderful.  I loved every drop.Main Courses: Their burger with fries was wonderfully juicy, large, and yummy.  The meat was seasoned well, and the aioli was a nice touch.  Fries were crispy and not oily.  The sea bass was beautiful, with a crispy skin, which is what we look for, and perfectly flaky meat.  The bed of veggies was a bonus.Dessert: Souffle - yum.  Fluffy, creamy, and hot out of the oven.  You can't go wrong with chocolate anything, really.Price: under 80 dollars.  Fabulous.Service was impeccable, food was delightful, and the ambiance was reminiscent of an outdoor cafe.  We will be back for more.
4	I was fortunate to have a good experience here.  We were just walking by and stumbled upon their lunch menu and decided to have some french cuisine.  As most of you have professed, the Escargot is not stellar.  This was definitely not my favorite form of preparation but it was also not my appetizer.  I had the Lobster Bisque to start and I sopped up the bottom of the bowl with bread, it was very good.  For my entree, the Striped Bass - Prosciutto-potato hash, lemon beurre blanc.  This was cooked perfectly.  It competes in flavor and texture to my favorite RM Seafood.  Delicate flavor with a skin almost as crunchy as a chip without being overcooked or charred.  It was an excellent execution.  I loved that Prosciutto Potato Hash so much, I was sad when it was gone.  Thank you to the multitasking bartender who provided such excellent service.  It was emotional.
3	Excellent rib eye and warm rolls. Very average onion soup and lobster bisque, especially at $12 a pop. We only ate here because every other restaurant was booked and we had a show to catch. The drinks were lackluster, but the service spectacular when we mentioned it. We were brought two new very stiff drinks and comped one round. We'd go back for drinks and apps again.
4	Paris Las Vegas style!  No seriously, this is a very quaint little place right at the corner of the Sands Convention Center, and the Venetian/Palazzo junction.  It is a fun quiet place for a nice lunch or dinner.  It as a great atmosphere.  It is not Paris but remember you are in Las Vegas.   i had the onion soup to start out with which was one of the best I have ever had.  I then had the Croque monsieur for lunch which was truly outstanding.  For dessert I  had the Tarte Tatin which was very well presented and excellent.  As with most first class Las Vegas restaurant the service was great.  I think Las Vegas really understands how to hire friendly restaurant staff and train them well.  I have another business meeting here on Friday afternoon and cannot wait!  If you visit this restaurant you will not be disappointed!
4	Paris in Vegas.  I just had the mussels and escargot.  The mussels were some of the best I have ever had.  This place also had wonderful bread and unusual caesar salad with prosciutto.  Definitely this is a place to visit in the Venetian/Sands Expo Center.
4	Great place to eat in Vegas.  Every time we go to Vegas we always stay at the Venetian so inevitably we wind up dining there the majority of the time.  Good tomato & leek soup, mussels and steak and rolls! Its a must to eat place next time I'm back in Vegas...
2	I choose 2 stars, because.. Meh... I've experienced better. We came here with some clients on Thursday evening at 6:30... there were 7 of us.The night started off promising with friendly wait staff. We ordered a few appetizers..:Lobster Bisque... goodMarinated Artichoke... OKCaesar Salad... Pretty goodEscargots...  goodFor Dinner we all tried a few things.  I got the roasted half chicken. and found that it was rubbery.  Yuck. My issue here is with the service.We ordered 2 bottles of wine, that took FOREVER to arrive.  After we placed our order, we had VERY limited access to our server.  We wanted to order dessert, but it took so long that by the time the server finally appeared again we had decided to ask for the check.. getting the check was another wait.. when at that point all we wanted to do was leave.Unfortunately, the service was so frustrating, that it over shadowed an otherwise good dinner.
4	this place is very intimate. more secluded. i came on a slow night with my boyfriend. we had tickets to Blue Man Group so we decided to go for some steak, which this place is next to the showroom. my boyfriend ordered the filet, while i ordered the halibut. holy fish. that halibut spoke to me. each bite melted in my mouth the way m&m's melt on a hot griddle. let me say how delicious this was. i litterally took baby bites just so i can savor each bite. i didn't want it to end. we also ordered a side of gratin. i highly recomend that you order should you pay a visit.overall, presentation and food was perfect. chef's gave justice. but our server wasn't really into the whole great customer service. she had only 2 tables to accomodate, but never really took the extra mile with us. she basically "did her rounds".
4	Phantom pre show dinner!This place was a pretty intimate setting with small tables and big spaces. Nice decorations were placed around the room, and the staff was extremely helpful.I really liked the lobster bisque.If you're looking out for it, you'll have to keep your eyes peeled because we walked by it twice before noticing the girl at the podium out front. That's basically the only sign that shows you can enter into something from there, so be careful.
3	My friend and I came here on Christmas Day for their pre-fix Christmas menu, and it was our first time dining here.  We decided to each order something different from the courses so we could try more items.  I opted for three courses, while he chose four...First course:- "Lobster Bisque" (lobster medaillons, creme fraiche) - this was pretty good, the bisque itself was flavorful and not too thick.  There were small pieces of lobster, could have used more.- "Warm white & green asparagus" (w/poached egg, truffle creme) - okay, asparagus was just like the name stated, warm.  I like my asparagus cooked so wasn't a fan of the crunchyness.  The poached egg was the best part of this dish.Second course:- "Seared Sea Scallops" (truffled orange braised endive, orange spice) - the scallops themselves were good, a nice flavor from the grill.  My friend loved this dish, and loved the orange marmalade-type stuff that came to compliment it.  I thought it was bitter and continued to eat the scallops minus orange stuff.Main Course:- "Black Cod" (artichoke barigoule, linguine tomato pasta, olive oil, lime) - this was the dish I chose.  Cod was seared and had a nice flavor to it, not over or under cooked.  Pasta was good, although it was your standard linguine.  I liked the taste the olive oil/lime sauce added to the dish.- "Rib-eye steak" -  I think this is what my friend got, either this or filet...can't remember since I didn't try it because I don't eat land-roving animal (only fish/seafood).  Whatever it was he seemed to enjoy it and cleaned his plate. He said it was cooked just right.Dessert:- "Cheese selection" - I chose this one.  It came with 5 different types of cheeses (a bleu, goat, fontina, brie and can't remember what else), jam, tiny raisin toasts & walnuts.  The brie was my favorite, blue was typical. I didn't try the jam, not a huge fan, and the toasts were nothing too special.  The walnuts made a great compliment when eaten with the goat and brie.- "Spiced Pumpkin Confit" (cinnamon-pumpkin ice cream, streusel) - this, I thought, was disgusting.  I can't remember exactly what I didn't like about it since I only tried one small bite, but I remember it being somewhat bitter and the flavors didn't go together.  He liked it.  Guys will eat anything.As for wine I had a glass of pinot noir, as I do w/almost every dinner out, and it was good.  I cannot remember which one I had...Our server was on top of our needs, although it seemed like quite a bit of time between courses.  She was somewhat cold and not overly friendly.  The restaurant itself has a nice feel to it, a somewhat romantic envirmonent and kind of old world, classic french design.  There are many little side rooms connected to the main dining room they were seating people in, or can be used as private dining rooms.  We were seated in one of those smaller side rooms & had it all to ourselves...it felt a little secluded & we were the only ones in there.Overall, this was a good experience due to the food.  Prices are comparable, maybe a tad more, to Mon Ami Gabi & Comme Ca.  I have eaten at both and I still highly prefer Mon Ami, Comme Ca would be my second choice, and Pinot third.
3	very good raw bar selection-4 starsmy soup was a little bit salty but the steak was perfectly cooked-3 to 4 stars.  It was a great family dinner in an intimate setting but nothing really special about the restaurant.  Just because there are too many restaurants to try in Vegas, I won't go back for more.  They are definitely better than just a OK, but not great to be a fan.  3.5 Stars.
2	Well....this was fairly disappointing.  Granted we were a party of 7, it was a pretty slow night, and dinner still took well over 3 hours with better than an hour separating salads from entrees.  The the service was generally courteous but overall marginal; we were repeatedly visited by random people bringing correct and incorrect dishes in no particular order, not expected at this price point.  One of our wines was corked, and of course they replaced it with apologies, but overall I would say that Bouchon, Fleur de Lis, Olives, Canaletto, Fiamma, Craftsteak, and probably dozens of others would be a better use of time and money.On the positive side, it was nice and quiet and unhurried except for one screaming toddler that nobody seemed to want to address, and the food was pretty good even by high-end Las Vegas restaurant standards.
5	I love this restaurant in Vegas.  It's located in the Venetian, and I just recently went there again (my 2nd time).  Odd that both times I've been it wasn't very crowded - perhaps they get a very late (post 9pm) dinner crowd.  Their caesar salad wrapped in prosciutto is beautiful, and served with a white anchovy (don't say "eewe, anchovies" - it's really quite delicious) and some crunchy bread sticks for croutons.  The lamb was amazing - perfectly cooked to a rosy pink medium rare, and melts in your mouth.  The service was great, even though we had a very large group.  The roasted chicken and the filet were also quite good.  I really enjoy this restaurant and will be back again.
2	I guess I had higher expectations for this restaurant since it belongs to the Patina family, however it left much to be desired. I was definatly prepared to spend some dollar on this place but I was pretty dissapointed. I think this happens alot with Vegas restaurants; they fall in the cracks. My salad was mediocre, the short ribs were bland and the service was beyond terrible.
3	I was part of a group of 10 for dinner on a Saturday night.  We had a private room which was lovely.  The service was clunky from the start....we ordered a few bottles for the table and I had an empty glass about 50% of the time.Our server was enthusiastic and lovely, but that didn't matter when we had to wait for refills and at least 45 mins for our check.  Food was good, probably in a small party it would be phenomenal.  For the price ($170 per person) it wasn't worth it.
5	4 of us had diner a couple of weeks ago at this very pleasant restaurant, and I must say the the experience was out of this world. I have never seen in Las Vegas such a sumptuous Plateau de Fruit de Mer. All I can say is there was nothing left when the waitress picked up the tray. The steak that followed was equally impressive and there again it was a success with all that could still eat. The food the wine the atmosphere and the service was great, we were the last to leave and really we thought to stay until breakfast !!!!!!I will for sure go there very soon and often.
5	Came here for my 5-year anniversary, and as always, they never disappoint. Just thinking about their mussels and braised beef short ribs makes my mouth water! Pinot brasserie is a must if you are in Vegas.
2	I really can't believe I have to give it two stars.  Possibly 2.5 (when the hell is Yelp gonna give us more flexibility?)Service was very good (slow, but that's continental European style for you) but fawning, perhaps because we had a VIP with us.  I started with the lobster bisque.  Good.  Not great, certainly not as orgasmic as many on here paint it out to be.  One fairly large hunk of lobster, but nothing else.  A nice, sweet taste to the broth but damn, do you need deeper bowls.  Spoons highly ineffective after eating 75% of it, so there goes money down the drain.Wife had onion soup, REALLY onion-y.  Tasty but after so many bites, she had to leave it alone as it was too overwhelming.Many of us ordered filet mignon and were underwhelmed.  It was far from bad, but for the ducats you're throwing down, and the expectations of a Joachim Splichal joint.... well, now we're venturing into "for real?" territory.  I have had better meat at several steakhouses that are less expensive.  It was a good filet.  But far from great.  In fact, ordered it medium and it came out at least medium rare, possibly even rare (on the border.)  Wife had pumpkin ravioli, which was pretty tasty, but inconsequentially portioned for the price.  We get it, European style, but, we ARE in the US now, so a happy medium might be achieved with a bit more bang for the buck.  3, count 'em, 3 ravioli squares.  Was nice to get a sampler of complimentary desserts (very much a fan of the tarte tatin and creme brulee, but the chocolate souffle was not that good.  Significantly underwhelmed, and both samples were left unfinished.  My advice is also to stay the hell away from the strawberries and goat cheese.... holy God, what a horrific afterbirth of taste.  We had some decent wine and not too bad of a glass of muscat for dessert.  Took forever to get a mixed drink at the table (nearly 20 minutes.)  And we went on a Sunday night when the place was 2/3 empty.We certainly had a "good" meal, but I've had so much better at a fraction of the price, both in Vegas and back home.I advise the carnivores to hit up Lawry's (it's off the Strip but if you've been, you know you're always getting quality) or Fix at the Bellagio.
3	During a recent trip to Vegas, I was looking for a bit of a respite from the "ding ding ding" of the slot machines and found Pinot Brasserie. Located between the Palazzo and Venetian hotels(on the concourse that joins the two) Pinot Brasserie had all the makings for a great night out but fell short when it came to the level of service but the food was spot on. First of all, the bar. We sat at the bar and tried to get a drink. The bartender was busy wiping glassware and talking to one of the servers. Hello? We're here AND we have a show to get to so we were on a bit of a timeline. When we finally got served, the service was functional but certainly not personable or friendly. Maybe the bartender was going for the "French aloof" affect- but he couldn't pull off anything other than disinterested. We were seated in the corner of the restaurant at the perfect table. In looking around it was clear the care that went into picking out the interior of the space. Word has it that celebrity chef Joachim Splichal actually went to France to pick out several of the pieces. True or not- the ambiance is delightful as you are able to sit in these intimate little rooms like being in someones home. Unfortunately, our server seemed to have the same attitude as the bartender. We also told her we had a show to get to and she just shrugged and said she would try to hurry up the kitchen. Now just so you have all the facts- the show was at 9 and we were in the restaurant at our table at 7 so I really didn't think this was going o be a problem. But the star of the evening was the food. We started with the Lobster Bisque. Absolutely decadent and delicious! For my entree- I went with the black cod served over a bed of tomato pasta. Perfectly done and also delicious. How could the kitchen turn out such great food only to be served by servers who really didn't care, I wondered? Dinner for 3 ran about $300 including cocktails. And did we make the show? Yep, with about 30 minutes to spare. The food was terrific, the ambiance delightful. Too bad they couldn't have servers that matched the rest of the place. For if they did- this certainly would have been a 4 star review.
1	Momma always said if you don't have anything nice to say, say nothing at all...Unfortunately, that wouldn't tell you a whole lot of why I rated it like this. Maybe the place was closed when we got there, and they were just being kind but there were a lot of people there. Our server was very unattentive and didn't seem to like being bothered. My wine had a piece of cork floating in it. The caesar salad was so over done with anchovies that you couldn't taste anything but it. Which is a real shame because the jamon serrano looked AWESOME...but it was ruined by the sauce. The black cod would have been great if it had had a little bit more flavor and didn't taste like it had swum a relay race in olive oil...This place is also rediculously expensive for what you get...
3	We had free vouchers for a prix fixe dinner.  Well, started with an onion soup and it was okay.  I didn't want to eat too much thinking I was going to eat too much.  Unfortunately, I didn't expect the serving size to be made chid size.  Jesus.  Thank god we ordered plenty of appetizers or I would have been heading to the Grande Lux Cafe to fill my appetite.  Next time, I'll stay away from the prix fixe and order off the menu.
2	Before this dinner we popped into La Cave and maybe my taste buds were on the high from the fresh food but when we got here for dinner I was disappointed. The decor was very typical and nothing to write home about. Our waitress didn't seem that on "her game" that evening - forgetting specials and how things are prepared that are on the menu everyday. Food was just ok - i have had a steak much better prepared than this one.
5	Great atmosphere and amazing food! The service was incredible and they were very flexible when we had to change our reservation times. Everyone at our table raved about the food and the presentation. Personally, the scallops are to die for and the desserts are beyond words! Our table tried four different types of desserts and ALL of them were simply fabulous. I definitely recommend this place!
2	Worst service I've endured in a long time. Restaurant was 1/3 full, no excuse. Food was sub par for Patina Group. They have grown too commercial, diluted their brand, and are resting on their laurels. Too many other better options in Vegas.
3	Was on our way to noodles ofAsia for a 6:00pm lunch before our 11:30 dinner reservations at Raku (conventional dining time does not apply- it's Vegas!) but stumbled upon Pinot Brasserie, took a quick look at the menu and seemed harmless enough. $9.00 for a bowl of French onion soup and $15.00 for mussles&frites. FoodwiseI'm already craving the mussels and it's only been an hour. The white wine+butter+garlic sauce was divine specially when you throw the frites in forA swim and find them couple minutes later. French onion -one of the better French onions I've had. Too many restaurants use salt to flavor the lack ofOnion in their soups but at pinot you can taste the onion broth in the state it's suppose to be.(btw do NOT get the F.O at aria, see my review)For dessert we got the roasted strawberry with vanilla and mint w/humbolt food cheese.- I'm not a fan of roasted fruit, it's too mushy and makes me think of the ones you try to avoid at the market. Besides that though the flavorCombination was awesome.Ok, so foodwise everything was on point, service was a different story. The server was HORRIBlE. Whenever I thanked her for anything she just stared at me like wth? Didn't come around to check up on us. Kept trying to push dessert. I got better service from the busboy/girl. And fr a server that wasn't even ours. Learn to smile girl, and your tips will double.
3	I went here for lunch on a business trip at a customers request, and while it wasn't disappointing, compared to the other amazing food in Vegas, it was just ok. I had the burger (French Restaurants make the best burgers) and it was delicious. The fryer was broken so it came with breakfast-type roasted potatoes, which weren't very complementary. For dessert I had a scoop of vanilla ice cream with my french press coffee over the top, which was amazing. My primary gripe with this place is how old it feels. The dining room we ate in felt like someone's Grandma's house, and not in a good way. The formalities like table scrapping were nice, but seemed forced and awkward. Especially because the only other table had kids and they were running and screaming everywhere.If you're desperate for French food, go for it.  Otherwise, there are way better restaurants in Vegas.
5	This is one outstanding restaurant. I highly recommend it.  Whether you sit at the bar or get a table, the service is impeccable and the food is fantastic. I had the roasted lamb saddle which was cooked to perfection.
5	The bachelorette party had dinner at this restuarant and I must say the food was worth trying.  Amongst me and my other 2 friends, we decided to share food.  They had a steak 20oz for two, but we did it for 3 instead lol.  But of course we also ordered appetizer which I ordered the mussels (it comes with garlic fries as well yumi) and the mussels was delish.  The steak literally melts in your mouth.
4	Outstanding lunch spot.  Dinner slightly underwhelming.Another find in my crawl through the Venetian trying to avoid food court food while grinding my day away.  The lunch menu offers very good soups, salads and sandwiches.  Smaller portions but delicious.  The classically French, lobster bisque is rich, velvety, and delicious.  Topped with creme fraiche and bits of lobster that just make this comforting classic.   Escargot is also good eats.  Prepared in the usual way but brought to life with some fresh frisee tossed in a truffle vinaigrette.  Finally, the charcuterie.  Nice selection of cured meats and pate.  Add some bread and a glass of wine. Oh yeah. (So sometimes I drink when I play poker; no law against that).Only fault, the Croque monsieur.  At first glance it nears classic perfection then you bite in and... creme fraiche?  That's like putting mayo on a hamburger.  Sorry to my Canadian friends.Dinner adds some excellent dishes but looses the cafe feel.  Standouts include the seared foie with an outstanding mandarin orange relish and vanilla sauce, a fantastic poached pear salad with salty, pungent goat cheese, and an outstanding bouillabaisse.  Every piece of seafood cooked perfectly in the deeply flavored, seafood broth.The wine list is almost entirely French. Very well chosen with good emphasis on lesser growths and regions.  Very good offerings by the glass.  Pours are small, prices are high.  Bottle pricing is much better and lower than most in Vegas.Service is OK.  Can be slow at times if large groups come in.  Sit at the bar and its all good.Recommended.
1	Abysmal service. A $100 bill for a bottle of wine, a plate of cheese, and two cappuccinos; and all that took 1 hour to even get. We were ignored for the most part, I'm very annoyed.
2	Small portions for the price.I guess it is ok if you dig the high end dining frech food scene, but it wasn't my thing.
4	White bass, braised veal cheek, scallops and ny steak was all delicious & melted in our mouth. Creamy spinach & Au gratin potatoes to share but all entrees came with a little side & wish menu disclosed., Service was lacking, asked a couple times for bread refills and never received. Disgusting bill holder was stained with food & blood. If we drop $500 for dinner for 4, attention to detail is needed.
5	5 course dinner here with wine pairings.  I had a super delicious meal here:Had the baby field greens with smoked duck breast with cranberry. Green lip mussels - Served cold.. and super delicious.Surf and Turf (~ 6-8 oz Filet and half a Maine lobster (maybe 1 or 1 1/4 lb lobster)Cheese assortmentBlack pepper chocolate creme brulee.If you gotta choose only one appetizer between the salad and the mussels... go for the mussels.  The surf and turf was nicely prepared.  (Steak was perfect at medium rare.)  Lobster was cooked with a ton of butter, so at least be aware if that's not your thing.  I'll eat lobster any which way.. so it's all good.And the black pepper chocolate creme brulee is something unique.  A nice blend of spiciness and creaminess.  I'm not a big chocolate dessert kind of guy, but this was nice and different.
5	This might very well be the best restaurant I've ever been to. I went with a wedding party and was so impressed with the service, the delicious food and the relatively affordable prices that I went back the next night. Our server was a woman named Kathy. She was attentive without hovering, explained her favorite dishes well and was knowledgeable about the food. I have hardly ever been so impressed by restaurant service. The prices are steep compared to what I usually am willing to shell out for food, but it's one of the most reasonably priced steakhouses on the strip and the food was better than the several more expensive places we visited. We'd had a particularly bad experience the night before we came here over at Mario Battali's B&B, and were concerned that all restaurants at the Venetian might operate similarly. We were very wrong, to our surprise. I wish this place was closer so I could make it a special occasion place and visit regularly. You have to check it out at least once while you're in Vegas. Like me, though, you'll probably have to go at least twice.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  It's located in the Venetian Hotel.  It's a French Cuisine that's why I love it so much.Here are my favorite dishes:1) Foie Gras with scallop (YUM!!! but I think they discontinued.... I might ask them again next time when I go)2) Escargots!! super YUM!!3) Seafood PastaI really like this place not just because of their food, but their services and I never have to make a reservation and I don't have to dress up to go in.
2	Poor service and food was disappointing.  Plus the bathrooms are cleaner at mcdonalds. Seriously...it was disgusting. One (of the two) sinks was missing the handles. Classy.
2	SERVICE/AMBIANCE:-I don't know what was wrong with our server but he was so distracted the whole night. We had trouble flagging him down for anything, maybe it was because we came for Thanksgiving. The inside of the restaurant is decorated terribly. There were random pine cones just sitting on shelves as if that is an actual decoration. This place definitely needs a make over.FOOD:-TURKEY PRIX FIX DINNER - Turkey breast was so dry and the mashed potatoes were lacking flavor.
4	Had lunch April 20th, 2012.   I had the Bibb Lettuce salad with crab meat, avocado and a light vinaigrette.  $14.00   All the ingredients were fresh.  There was missing a key ingredient for this salad to be a success.  Ground pepper helped the flavor.  I should have ordered the small green salad with blueberries, peaches.   Main course was the Bouillabaisse.   This plate is presented well with black mussels, salmon, two large clams, potato wedges, reduced onions and a Langostino on top of it all.   $32.00     Also, freshly baked sour dough buns delivered one at a time.   I accompanied the main dish with a delightful Malbec Trapiche from Mendoza, Argentina.  $13.00My companion had the black mussels.   They came in a small casserole dish and were loaded with shallots, garlic and butter.   They were tasty, however, I would have preferred less butter.   The order of mussels includes garlic fries which were impossible to stop eating .  Dessert with shared the pecan pie which is a huge ball of pecans in syrup.  The bottom of the dish had a thin pastry dripping in deliciousness.  The top of the pecans had a Cinnamon ice cream ball.  After eating we looked at the dinning rooms.  There are four areas.   A main large dinning room, one small intimate back "cellar" type room.  An abandoned outside area and a front of the restaurant side room.    Lunch was slow .   During two hours we ate, there were six tables of guests.     According to John, our waiter, the evening time will be filled completely.  The General Manager Alicia Sarver was a delight.  She visited our table and shared several stories with us.   It was a pleasure to meet her.Overall the hostess, waiter and manager were knowledgeable and friendly.
3	By the end of the week here, I resorted to mostly soup and salad.Here I tried the french onion soup which was salty, but a bit too cheesy as well.To top it off, I had the Nicoise salad, tuna was okay, bit too peppery.  I was full after lunch, but it could have been the soup that really filled me up.Our afternoon server was definitely very much in the joking mood and provided great entertainment for the table.
4	I liked Pinot Brasserie.  We went for dinner for Mother's Day (May 13, 2012).  We had a heavier lunch earlier and so we opted to eat a little lighter for dinner.  We ordered the following:- Striped Bass - tasted good- Boullaibaise - very good seafood stew with a light broth- Beef Cheeks - OMG - run to eat this dish - so soft and tender; melts in your mouth!- Garlic French Fries - tasty and garlickyGreat wait service and very obliging.
3	Better than expected, the Caesar salad was excellent, and the whitefish was decent (slightly overcooked). The wine list was very extensive as well. Overall for the money it wasn't really worth it, but thankfully it was a business dinner :)Service was excellent!
3	Ok...the service is amazing but the food is mediocre. My husbands steak was goof but my linguine with mussels and clams was bland and the clams were rubbery. Will not go back
5	I just came home from Vegas and I knew the first thing I would do was write a review, because Tuesday night's dinner was SUPERB!  I started with the escargot, it was tender and the garlic butter sauce was so yummy.  We ordered the creamed spinach for the table, the sauce was thin, which was perfect(too many restaurants make this dish too heavy), I had the salmon with haricot verts, these aren't the canned slivered beans, they were fresh and crispy.  The fish was fresh cooked perfectly.Dessert, the Belgian Chocolate Souffle, seriously the best I've ever tasted, I'm a chocolate freak so yes, I've had quite a few....this was accompanied by a med pot of French pressed coffee, we tried Symphony, the coffee was also perfect.I couldn't disagree more with the negative reviews, maybe these people have never been to Paris.  Definitely will be back!!!  Our waitress was very friendly and we enjoyed chatting with her...my friend let her know we were celebrating our birthday's and we were treated to complimentary champagne, does it really get any better?  :D
2	Nothing memorable. Nice setting, average food. Fair prices.The lamb was too salty. The fries were too little and in general the typical lame LV restaurant.The service was OK.
4	Very lovely atmosphere and nice professional service. Unbelievable bread placed on your table while waiting for your food. Great salad entree and beef dip sandwhich. Fantastic frites-really they were a highlight!!!
2	So this past Saturday I joined my friend and a group of her friends for dinner here. I was kind of bummed as I was ready to get my part-tay on, but they had been drinking for a couple days already and were already  tired and worn out. I think this is why they hadn't figured out where they wanted to eat and go out on a Sat night, which you know you can't do in Vegas if you expect to go somewhere good. They also didn't really feel like searching out a place outside the Venetian, which is why we ended up here. I kind of had a let down feeling as soon as we walked in. It was only about half empty and really quiet - just not Vegas on a Saturday night. Our waiter was nice enough and I felt bad for him because this group was really set on not getting any fun cocktails, apps, desserts, so I give him a star for putting up with us. He was really trying - I hope he gets a job at a more popular place soon.But other than him, everything was kind of lackluster. I ordered the special - salmon, which I thought was good. I also had a cosmo, which was right on point - thank you bartender (although the glass was not even half full). The prices were ok for what we had so no real complaints.However, I hate to say it, but both my friend (she also ate the salmon) and I had an upset stomach soon after eating. No one else in the party did, which makes me think something about the salmon was really off - I did notice that both of our pieces were very inconsistently cooked. Anyway, I still thought it tasted good but it definitely killed our night, as my friend was way more ill than me and she went back to her room. Yes, on a Saturday night, so you know this wasn't just feeling a little out of it. F me (and poor her!). But on a good note, I still had fun gambling for a bit before going to my room (the next morning was absolute hell on my stomach though). Bottom line - go somewhere else if you want any resemblance of a fun Vegas vibe. If you want some place quiet and you have a robust stomach, by all means...
2	very dissapointed :( came here for lunch on a sunday and the service was slow, even though there were only 4 tables seated with customers and two waiters between them. the vegetables in my vegetarian foccacia sandwich had so much seasoning on them, i couldn't tell the difference between the zucchini and bell peppers. also, my portobello mushroom was way too thick and undercooked, so i couldn't bite into it. i had to disassemble the sandwich and eat the vegetables with a fork and knife. the sweet potato fries on the side were the best part of the meal. as i told my friend who was dining with me, "this was the best meal i never had." would not repeat a visit here. the fact that the palazzo website lists this place under "fine dining" and not "casual dining" is amazing to me.
5	Excellent menu...all three courses were awesome...food was hot, tasty, makes me want to come back again...can't say the same for bar staff...definitely a foodie hidden gem!!!
4	I loved this restaurant! As a local I don't find myself on the strip often but this restaurant was recommended to me by a friend so I thought I would give it a shot. I was very impressed by the food we received. I had the duck and my guest had a fantastic steak both of which were delectable. The mashed potatoes were the best and the green beans were perfect! Thank you so much for the delicious meal. It is great to have an on strip option where I feel like I am getting a meal that's more than worth a trip down the strip for this local!
2	It was OK.  Like eveything on the Strip these days, crazy over priced and in this case nothing special. The really annoying thing was the pushiness of the waitress.  What a pity - there was a restaurant by this name in Napa Valley and it was great back in the day
2	The menu for thansgiving dinner that I saw on the Pinot Brasserie site was supposed to be $55.00 for 3 courses and $65.00 for 4 courses. We made reservation. When we got to the restaurant the price of the menu was $58.00 for 3 courses and $68.00 for 4 courses. The menu was not the same that we saw on the internet. So we were disappointed. We thought the turkey dinner was good but veryyyy expensive. We took the menu for $58.00. We had the lobster bisque which was $12.00 a la carte, we had the turkey dish,  and the croissant chocolate pudding for dessert which is $9.00 a la carte. So if you add $12.00 + $9.00 this comes to $21.00, which makes the price of the turkey dish $37.00. I think the whole dinner was good, but much too expensive. We went last year for Thanksgiving and we were happy this is why we return this year, but we will not go back.
3	It was..ok, not great.  Points of reference on this trip were Bouchon and Mon Ami Gabi.  All in all a broadly comparable price range.Let downs: Mussels that had been sat under a heat lamp and the top half (of, to be fair, a very generous portion) were overdone.  Pot was so hot those inside were still cooking.  Ok broth, nothing special.Barramundi was overcooked.Rabbit and Duck off the menu (Saturday around 9pm)Note to bartender - a Kir Royale does not require sugar.  It's not a Champagne Cocktail.  Was horrified to taste that sweetness at the end.Other dishes were ok-to-pretty good.  No "wow" dishes.Nice enough room.  Server was a nice guy, very casual, probably very experienced, but our order in several areas was messed up.  Don't be afraid to write things down....We were sat in a bit of their Siberia but sense anywhere else wouldn't have changed the overall experience too much.Probably wouldn't return.
4	Had dinner here twice and was impressed with the food.  Ask for Robert as he provided great service.While there are a ton of options in the hotel complex and mall, this along with Mario Batelli's place were our favorites.
2	This place had so much potential.  Too bad the service was so bad.  The waitress started off strong.  Great personality, lovely table side manner. Took our drink order, in this case 3 tap waters with lemon.  I neglected ask for no ice. But that's my fault. So attempted to remedy  that by asking for a cup of hot water.  We also requested 3 straws. On to the food.  The bread was warm tasty and the butter was firm yet melted easily into the carby treats.As starters we had 1 Caesar salad, 1 order of escargot and 1 lobster bisque. All 3 items were generous in portions with very good flavor. Still no hot water or straws. My daughter was only 1/2 finished with her lobster bisque when our entrees arrived, In fact all of us were still working on our appetizers/starters when the main course appeared so  they began to remove items from the table (while our forks/spoons were still in mid air). So before I could blink  the lobster bisque was whisked away to make room for my daughters entree.  When I protested they did offer to bring it back but it was already out of view so never mind. Still no straws or hot waterMain course was sea scallops, creamed spinach (that's what daughter wanted as entree) and mussels.  The creamed spinach was more like spinach with watery cream.  If you have ever enjoyed the creamed spinach from the Palm, then you'll understand why steamed spinach floating  in cream was such a disappointment. Didn't eat.  Server saw that we were not eating it and removed from table and our bill.Sea scallops were over salted and served under cooked fingerling potatoes. Didn't finish.  My motto is why waste calories and carbs on bad food. I did not try the mussels but husband and daughter said the were very tasty and there seemed to be a lot of them.  No  separate bowl was given to discard the shells so the shells ended up precariously perched on the edges of the plate.As I was picking disappointingly at my food and DD and DH were still eating, they started to clear the table.  Seriously? They were mid bite when the waiter started removing plates, only after he had the plates in is hands did he say: were you still working on that?  Meanwhile still no straws and no hot water.Needless to say we skipped dessert.  Bill was $97.00 with no drinks, no dessert, no coffee, no straws and no hot water.  I have seriously had better service at Applebees.
4	Went here for a New Year Eve celebration. They had 3 menus, a 3, 4 and 5 course dinner. There was no ala carte menu that night. The prefix menus were all diverse with a good selection. There was a slight bias towards seafood. We tried 5 cheeses as an pre-appetizer. It did arrive after appetizers, but still a great set of cheeses and garnish such as honey, nuts, fruits. For appetizers we had salad, lobster bisque, and calamari. The lobster bisque was a bit smokey - did it burn? - but still tasty. The other two courses were great. For the main course we  had filet mignon, spring chicken, lamb saddle. Great food and prepared to our preferences. For dessert we had creme brulet and opera cake. Very nice and prepared as you would expect. We had a bottle of Rodney Strong, Reserve, Pinot Noir, Russian Valley with the meal. A pretty good bottle. Our server was very attentive and had just the right kind of attention. A great start to a New Years Eve celebration. We were seated in the smaller front dining-room which is relative quiet. May be worth considering for future visits. We would love to come back
3	Okay.  Not great.  No more or less expensive than any other place in the Strip I guess.  Service was pretty good though.
2	Sad to give any French restaurant a 2 star review.  Breaks my heart.  Boullibase was tasteless and had cold spots.
4	Sat outside on the patio. Had a lovely glass of white wine, with cheese, and people-watched the crowds walk by. Service was great.
4	great bread. comes out fresh and warm. had a caesar salad and lobster bisque. the soup could have been served hotter, but still tasty.
4	This is another place we frequent regularly. This time we sat in a room to the right and it was so pretty, some may find it weird because there are paintings of game food on the walls. So while your eating venison there is a gorgeous painting of Bambi on the walls but the dark girl in me loved it! So regal! The other thing I liked about this room was there is a huge window so you can people watch and the masquerade parade was going by and the characters were all waving at us, only in Vegas.  The food is pretty top notch and my husbands filet was cooked to perfection! My fish stew was a little bland so I will be ordering something else next time. The service is pleasant and efficient. The lemon drop martinis are fun and they use colored sugar to rim the glass. Thanks for taking care of us all these years.
4	This place was very classy looking. The food, amazing. I can only vouch for what I had (croque monsieur), but what I had was awesome! Everyone loved what they had. The staff was super friendly and engaging and seemed generally interested in you and where you were from. They were never far if you needed something and had great recommendations on what to get.
4	I was here for a private function so I can't say much about the full menu. I had a lobster & spare rib mousseline potatoes and some assorted small eats. They were just to die for!I definitely plan to come back to try their full fare!The service and hostesses were very friendly and very knowledgeable about the property and suggestions for things to do nearby, both on and off property.
4	It may seem obvious when you dine at an expensive restaurant you expect a certain level of quality and service attention, understandably, it comes at a price.So, not often do I get to dine out at any of the Patina Group restaurants, but enjoying a hangar steak and glass of scotch at the bar with my honey, makes the evening memorable. One of the top three steaks I've had and hoping next time I win so the bill will be on the house!
5	This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in town. Everyone is friendly, and the service is great. The cheese platter never disappoints. Chef Eric Lhuillier came out to meet us and was wonderful. I recommend it to everyone!
5	The other night I went to Pinot Brasserie inside the Venetian. I'm a sucker for a good charcuterie or cheese plate and friends said this was the place to go. While I do know my cheese very well it's always nice to have someone explain them to me. And what a surprise! One of the Chefs John Cortney (not sure if that's how he spells it) came out and went over the cheese selection with me. Not only did he name them but was very informative about where they come from and answered all my questions! John even made great wine pairing suggestions! I can guarantee that I bought more wine just to try out his suggestions after the first one was spot on! I don't know if they do that with every table but if so it's genius! If you get to eat here I also suggest the escargot! It was so delicious we scrapped the plate clean. Maybe I will order the charcuterie next time and see who surprises me with a guest appearance this time! All in all I would come back anytime for both the delicious food and wine and the awesome service from the staff and CHEFS (who by the way made dining in a French environment so much more welcoming)! Way to make me feel like a VIP!
4	My husband and I ate at Pinot Brasserie and truly enjoyed our dinner and wine pairings.Our server was wonderful and the staff really worked together to make sure that we were always taken care of. The manager came by our table and two other servers even checked in on us. The Lobster Bisque is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!!
2	I went to Pinot for lunch while attending a conference at the Venetian.  There weren't too many people, so I was seated right away.  I decided to order the celery soup to start and the curry chicken wrap as my entree.  Service was very slow.  It took me a while to get my soup, with my waiter coming several minutes after I ordered to ask where my soup was (I don't know buddy, you tell me!)  Finally I got it and he offered a free dessert for the delay (which never happened).  I took a couple of bites and really didn't like it- not worth finishing.  I love celery but I'm not sure what this was.  The wrap was so-so, the best part being the shoe string sweet potato fries that were served with it.Maybe I just ordered the wrong things, but I'm sure there are much better lunch spots in the area.
5	.
5	Enjoyed this establishment for lunch while walking up and down the strip...  Don't think i have ever had this quality for lunch, very impressed with the quality of our orders.  didn't get anything to drink other than water, but look forward to going back and sampling the absinthe drink they offer.  Would I go back?  I would go out of my way to hit up this place for lunch again.
3	Nothing spectacular. Food was ordinary: onion soup, escargot, lobster bisque, lamb loin,sea scallops pasta with seafood, and burger. Maybe the mussels appetizer was the best. Service is not fine dining, very casual.
5	Here for a Grazie Dinner Special.  Three course meal.  Appetizer, French onion soup or Caesar Salad, with a main course of fish or scallops or chicken, with a choice of chocolate pudding, sorbet, or ice cream for dessert, served with a glass of sparking wine.The decor is like a French farmhouse, soft lighting with a candle at each table.  Service was a bit slow but the wait staff was very nice.  This is not fast food. This is fine dining.They start with complimentary French rolls, whick are crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, with a perfect chew. Pinot is also a bakery.AppetizersCaesar salad has a unique presentation, whole romaine lettuce leaves wrapped with a thin prosciutto strip and a bread stick.The onion soup was hot and tasty with a nice cheese top with French bread croutons inside the broth.EntreeThe fish was perfectly pan seared with crisply skin on the outside but moist on the inside.The scallops were served over a  watercress sauce  and were excellently prepared.  The presentation.was almost.too pretty to eat.  The  scallops had just the right tenure and flavor.Dessert The croisant chocolate pudding is a twist on a classic bread pudding, presented warm on a vanilla sauce.The Ice Cream is a trio of chocolate, vanilla, and coffee flavors. The ice cream has a truly rich flavor.RatingOverall, a great dining experience...five stars.  Just don't expect to spend less than 2 hours for dinner.
3	service is ok.  food is just average and not worth the price.  their appetizers (mussells), entre (steak for two) and desserts (souflou and bread pudding) are all disappointing.  i certainly won't go back there again.
5	What an Amazing Surprise Pinto Brasserie was! Went to dinner the other night with my husband.  First of all (shame on us) we were running late.  Not a problem for them, they were awaiting our arrival.  From the door, to the service, and the food, EVERYTHING WAS OUTSTANDING! Best Filet ever, so tender it almost melted in my mouth!  They are a nice kept secret at the Venetian, a must for dining!
3	The bar was great. Chester was on the spot. Great service. The restaurant was ok. Service was lacking. Waitress acted bored. Our wine glasses sat empty after our cheese sampler was served. Chester came by and fixed the situation. Waitress gave us our check without asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. The manager, after complains, was very nice and gracious. Food was pretty good. Only because of Chester and the manager would I come back and give this restaurant another try
4	I arranged and attended a corporate dinner here for 20 or so people. I worked with Victoria and was very pleased. Also the staff, Kathy and our servers were all excellent. Some things I particularly liked about this place:1. The menu options were good. We offered a salad, soup or mussels, scallops, pork cheeks or Ribeye and dessert. They prepared a special soup at our request and it was a great option. everyone in our party really enjoyed the food. we offered several desserts but people were pretty full after the dinner. 2. Ambience was great in the private room and we even had a private reception area which made our party even better. On the "needs improvement" side, I wasn't crazy about the entry or the interior of the rest of the restaurant. Our guests didn't really see this so it had no bearing on our event. 3. They were also very accommodating to late comers and folks who left early. Someone asked for something off the menu and they were accommodated with no fuss. 4. We had nice assistance with the wine selection and were able to take away the unfinished and even a few extra to help meet our minimum as our crowd was on a non-drinking kick. I would recommend hosting an event with Pinot Brasserie for the skilled staff and nice presentation. If they are full or you need another location check out Postrio. They have a few private rooms that are very pretty.
5	Have eaten here many times over the years.  Very good not so heavy frenchish food.   Seafood platters are a good deal and great.  Bistro classics all done well down to the ham and cheese sandwich.   Perfect place for long relaxing lunch.
1	Been sitting here for close to half an hour and even our wine is not out.  This is ridiculous.We cancelled our order so instead of the bill for THE WATER we drank, they brought us our salad.  Are you kidding me?!?
5	One of my favorite places. I love to order a couple of appetizers & share. The mussels & frites are AWESOME. Nothing I've ordered here is bad.
2	As a lover of French food and a huge fan of the Venetian, I was sorely disappointed after dining here this past Tuesday. The main problem was the service. It was extremely slow and we were very rarely checked on. I might have been more understanding if it was busy but we were the only party in the whole room. One of the waiters walked by our table 5 times and paid no attention to the fact that we were done with our meals and our water glasses were empty.The food was also lacking. The escargot was very subpar. I am used to it being drenched in garlic and butter but this was tossed in an odd sauce. I had a French dip and the bread was fairly dry. My friend had the oysters and although they were good, they came out without an oyster fork and horseradish.I lived in France for some time and this just did not live up to a true brasserie. Overall, it was overpriced and very disappointing. Skip this joint and head to mon ami gabi for lunch. Or if its dinner you're seeking, head over to Bouchon or Morels which are both delicious.
5	My husband and I booked the Romance package through the Venetian, included was dinner with wine parings for each of the courses; appetizers, entree and dessert.  Our waiter was Garrett who was the perfect attentive  funny and lively waiter. The food on the menu was all excellent and went perfectly with the wines they picked. This was our first time here and it was amazing, the food was the best we have ever tasted from anywhere and even praised the chef to the general manager. It was a fantastic ambiance and service. My husband and I will definitely make this our go to Romantic restaurant in Las Vegas!
1	I have never returned food back to the kitchen until now. Upon walking into the restaurant, there was a lot of empty tables and my reservation was at 6pm, it was sign #1 that  I should have never come.My friends and I ordered the french onion soup, lobster bisque, chicken and foie gras with scallops. The french onion soup was okay, we all have had better french onion soup.The lobster bisque... just wow, I have never tasted anything so salty in my life. It was so unbearable we had to send it back to the kitchen. And the tiny lobster piece in the middle of the dish was just sad and cold.My friend was really unsatisfied with her chicken because it was really chewy, and so she sent that back to the kitchen as well. I didn't try a piece of it but honestly, how can you mess up on a chicken?!?The foie gras with scallop was horrible. My foie gras was burnt and the scallops was undercooked; I can see my fork inside the transparent scallop. Only half of the dish was edible. What a waste of foie gras and scallop, they should be ashamed of themselves. My friend's foie gras was a little bit bloody too. Shame.To make up for the disappointment, the restaurant offered us creme brulee... and it was horrible! "This is my favorite part!" as my friend proceeded to the crack the sugar layer with the back of her spoon but then it just bounced back. WTHECK. The sugar layer was so thick and burnt, and the custard inside was cold, forget this place. Don't come here. Even their "sorry, our food suck" dessert sucks.
5	I took my mom here when she was in town and we had a fabulous dinner.  Not only was our server excellent, but the food was delicious! My mom ordered the surf and turf and I ordered the filet.  The lobster and the filet were cooked to perfection.  Would highly recommend this restaurant!
