3	Good times, great beers, but again , the VIP section was lacking.Seems like we paid extra to have access to clean bathrooms for the first hour.The bands were excellent!!Detailed update soon!!
5	This was by far the most well put together beer festival I have ever been to!  We had VIP tickets as well - the food was an incredible spread that lasted for almost the entire time by Todd English P.U.B.  Although the line for food was busy in the first hour, Todd English quickly fixed the situation and things flowed smoothly. The situation could be been avoided completely if some customers hadn't felt the need to pile their plates so high with food as if it were their last meal.  But who could blame them...it was fantastic! Oysters, lobster, prime rib - it was amazing! And TONS of giveaways in the VIP tent too... t shirts, hats, magnetic dart boards, and clean bathrooms! Outside of VIP, the venue lays out very well and is definitely a hidden gem in the Downtown area.  Over 175 beers total I counted and most of them were great!  It was busy but never felt too crowded. The organizer definitely made sure you got your money's worth and then some! Kudos to the maintenance crews too who worked feverishly making sure to keep the garbage cans emptied and the entire venue clean...they even swept trash off the lawn areas! It's that attention to detail that makes for a great event. This was just a well run and fun event. Oh...and great music on top of it all! I especially enjoyed KavaKreation...more of them next time, please!  Don't miss this next year! This is an event that will most certainly grow; the organizers of Motley Brews definitely know what they are doing! We'll definitely be returning in April to the Great Vegas Festival of Beer as well!
5	This was my first beer festival after I moved to Las Vegas.  What a blast.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a familiar band playing; Tribal Seeds.  We got there a little late so I could only do about two hours worth of damage.  My favorite at this festival was Lagunitas.  But they are always my favorite, so second was probably the Noble brewery's IPA out of San Diego.
5	We had such a great time at this event! Not gigantor, not too small, just the perfect size to be entertaining and not a shit show. Great beers, of course. Would've liked to see Rogue represent, but if that's the biggest complaint, well then boo freaking hoo, right?! First world problems. VIP was a nice touch. I'll pay just about anything for access to decent bathrooms, so money well spent on this end. The venue was absolutely perfect. Was a little unsure in the beginning, but the setup totally worked. Anyhow, fun time had by all! Only suggestions would be dump stations, in case the Belgium beers threaten to put you on your ass, and a more organized entrance line situation. A ticket person told us to get in a separate line behind the tables and then they decided to move everyone on one big line that had already formed. That's fine, but a ticket gal was a little mean while explaining it to a couple near us, who told her that "the girl over there" directed them to the line they were in, and she drops (in a tone) "well I'M telling you to move over there". I get it, lots going on and herding guests and things gets exhausting, but customer service and all that trumps your irritations with guests. Didn't happen to us, but it was sort or downer to see the attitude before we got in the door, right? Anyhow, well done, but heads up on that business though.
4	Nice little beer tasting festival. Plenty of beers to try and some decent food offerings. The lines weren't bad and the music was pretty good. Liked the lawn amphitheater area to listen to the music and chill.
4	I honestly don't remember, but there are some pictures that indicate I had a GREAT time at this...My friends tell me I enjoyed it.
