4	Well I just called to ask what time they closed. Kathy answered the phone and told me they were about to close. So I asked one question. The next thing I know she helping all over the place. What a great employee. They should be glad to have her.
4	They usually have only 2 employees working so it may take a little while for you to get some service but they have one of the best selections of frames that I've seen. Pricing is mid-range, although you can usually find coupons on their website
5	Walking in, the environment was warming. The employees greeted us right away. They asked if we needed help and when we had questions they were very helpful. The lady that helped us was very polite and knowledgable. We were very very pleased with the experience we had there and our purchases. We all walked out with smiles on our faces feeling like we just got hooked up. I highly recommend this place for art supplies.
1	My advice for anyone: Don't shop here with any type of purse, bag, or ANYTHING where products can be hidden....My wife and I were there shopping around looking at some the things they have since she needed some ideas for her 2nd grade students.  I WAS getting ready to buy a few things until my wife noticed one of the guys just starring at her (eye contact and everything..making it obvious). Numerous times she tried talking with the guy asking if there was something he needed...all he did was smirk.  Feeling uncomfortable, she came up to me and told me. I turned around and see him locked on to both of us. Once asked if he thought we were stealing he responds with " i'm just doing my job" We  attempt to tell them we aren't stealing anything. At that moment a girl then comes around and  says "...if you want you can leave" At that moment I realized the money I was going to drop into their pockets as not worth it and ended up just walking out. I ensured they saw me lay their products on their shelves. I completely understand people have to protect their assets and prevent shrink. Unfortunately, that was done completely wrong. I feel insulted to have been accused of stealing products that are already 40% off. Though they verbally never mentioned it, we are not stupid. Half the store was closed off. My wife and I were the only two people in there...if theft was suspected, it could have been taken care off in a better way. I am shocked they have stayed open for this long.I really hope one of those two jerk off employees reads this
