5	Word is they shop for fresh ingredients locally three times a week to hand make quality waffles daily.  It sure tasted like it!  I had the pumpkin waffle with Nutella topping.  Light crunch on the outside and fluffy inside.  I also enjoyed the original waffle with whipped cream, powdered sugar, and topped with caramel sauce.  My waffle was part of a breakfast special which came with eggs, bacon, and unlimited coffee....Perfect way to start the day!  It felt a little stuffy in this small cafe, but I got used to it.  Staff was very polite and helpful, especially with the free wi-fi.  I've got my eye on the waffle sandwiches or the waffle pizza for my next visit.
4	This just opened up a few blocks from the house so thought to give it a try. We love waffles. It's one of my favorite sweet comfort foods.BF got a breakfast special- waffle, eggs and sausage. Came with coffee too but he substituted for a soda instead ($1 extra. Soda is canned/bottled so no refills on drinks.). Egg and sausage pretty basic, waffle was chewy inside and crispy outside.I got a chicken breast waffle sandwich...it has avocado, tomato, lettuce and "house sauce" which looks like a body fluid..... haha but it's like a less creamy mayo..kinda translucent, that's sweet..it worked with the sandwich. It came with crinkle kettle chips and a soda. It worked as a sandwich....I'm a weird chicken and waffles kinda of girl so I put a little syrup and hotsauce on it. Started my day off nicely actually. I think it's cool they have different flavored waffle batters, and sandwich and pizza options....when I first heard of this, I had a feeling it was owned by Asians and it was. Hehe...we think of the silliest things. On their chaulk board menu it said "coming soon- fried chicken and waffles". Yes!  You know I'm coming back to try that, the pizza and a pumpkin waffle.We were the only ones in there...not for the lack of quality though. The location is kinda in a dead zone right now. It's a new shopping center with only 2 other tenants and a small shopping center across the street. The staff was nice enough...they were cleaning when we got there so a little bit of a cleaner bleach smell but not overwhelming chemical. Still, kinda annoying when you're eating and smelling chemicals instead of food. That should be something done closer to closing....we were there a little before 4. They close at 5. Still, we will be back to try their other waffle offerings and they had a few milk teas available including my favorite-taro that I want to try out.
3	Tried it last week went in with a few folks after reading about it here not to impressed waffles were good but nothing out of this world all 4 of us tried something different off the menu including the waffle pizza was disappointed in the smoothies tasted jus like ice end up throwing it awayif i go back itll be for the breakfast sandwich with eggs cheese ham and bacon.....
3	Not a bad choice if you want to change it up. Lots of things with a waffle you probably wouldn't think of. Service is a bit spotty.
2	The kids had been bugging me about trying this place. My oldest is a waffle fanatic. I was very disappointed. As soon as we walked in I was struck by the fact that the place smelled bad. A place that serves food smells bad? We ordered. The kids said the food was ok. I didn't like the waffle at all. It tasted yeasty or something. I can't even describe it but it wasn't good. I also ordered a pineapple smoothie and it was flavorless. To make matters worse, the trash cans were overflowing to the point that you really couldn't add to it. The bathroom was super dirty too. The service was great. Everyone was super friendly.  But the fact that the food wasn't good at all and the place was dirty, means we won't be going back.
3	I'm still liking it but it was a less stellar experience this time. 3 star, bump down.Came with BF, in laws- mom and grandma. They got breakfast specials- waffle, eggs and sausage. BF and I shared a pumpkin waffle with strawberries,walnuts and whip cream and a Hawaiian pizza waffle. The pizza waffle should be more cooked/toasted since the sauce sogged right in and it became mushy. I think I prefer waffle sandwiches and just plain waffles.I think they should have more specialty waffle choices on the board other than the yooni, jeff, and banana sundae as sometimes its hard to decide. Doing a la carte waffle gets kinda pricey if you think about each waffle is about $4 then fruit toppings is $1, $1.50 for ice cream, 75cents for other toppings. I'm just saying, for having no drink refills and $2 a bottle of drinks, $2.50 for ice tea, * food, it got kinda pricey for the the fact that  its not a sit down and have to "pace" my drink out or buy two. We all are "drinkers".Oh and the chicken and waffles sign is gone and no chicken and waffles on the menu. Boo. Excited for nothing.
4	The pumpkin waffle is the best!! My husband got it and I kept eating his. His toppings were mango and kiwi.  I got the oat waffle and it tasted like a plain one. They are really light, the perfect density. My sister got nutella and strawberry topping on her plain waffle, yum! My neice got a plain waffle with strawberries, chocolate and whipped cream, it looked pretty  There are lots of topping choices. It reminded me of a froyo place with all of the possibilities of waffle/topping selections. I got blueberries, which I thought they were stingy with their portions but they were tasty all the same. The smoothies were good too. We got strawberry banana with protein powder and my sister got a taro with boba. All in all, I would go again for the pumpkin waffle.
4	First time at this WaffleS. I usually drop into the one on Fort Apache and Trop but was meeting a friend for lunch. Ordered the usual: breakfast sandwich special with chips and a drink.Breakfast sandwich is still amazing. I could eat that everyday. Still holding back on that 5th star due to the fact that they still don't have any other options except potato chips as a side. I want hash browns or tater tots or something!Anyway, the moral of my story is that you should go here and eat a breakfast waffle sandwich. I haven't had anything else yet. The service at this location was friendly as well.
5	This review is solely based upon the dessert waffles, although the breakfast sandwiches looked superb, I didn't have the time nor the sheer fortune of trying one out.  I ordered the Yooni's favorite, topped with strawberry and banana slices, whipped cream, ice cream and chocolate syrup.  My fiancee being the avid banana freak she is, ordered the Banana Split waffle which was equally delicious.  As far as the service is concerned, I guess maybe that's contingent upon how many people are in the establishment at any given moment.  I didn't personally experience anything strange or feel disrespected enough for me to waver my opinion.  In fact, I thought the service was stellar, albeit a bit slow.  I will definitely be back if I need a quick breakfast waffle pick me up.  This WaffleS location also serves Boba Tea and the French Vanilla one was one of the better ones I remember having.  This Boba Tea is also very dense, when the server handed it over, I thought I was going to break my wrist.  Ok..I'm being a bit facetious, but the Boba Tea was particularly heavy.
5	I think what you see is what you get here, which is a great thing!!  I always get the special, which is a waffle with bacon and eggs on the side.  I also order a side of whipped cream and strawberries.  I love coming here for brunch with my wife on my days off.  The staff is friendly and efficient, sometimes they can be busy,  which I am happy to see and dont mind the wait!  I want great locally owned small business restaurants to succeed!!  Unless you don't like waffles, this place is a home-run in my book,  very affordable, always clean, and very tasty!!!
4	Soooo cool having a turkey waffle sandwich. Went with the whole family, service was great; only about 8 people in the whole place. Really great tasting waffle, like another yelper said wish there was another option other than chips. But overall great experience.
2	I only decided to eat at this restaurant due to its good ratings on Yelp... I was disappointed to find that the food was sub-par. I thought I would be having some magically delicious waffle... I did not find it to be magical at all. The waffles are big and somewhat tasty. I think it's the butter, not the syrup, that makes it good. The supreme pizza waffle was a bore... I didn't bother to finish it. I was happy to find that they had boba drinks (odd for a waffle place, right?), but noticed they were pricier than my favorite standalone boba location. It was $4.50 for a large Thai tea w/ boba. Again, it only tasted okay. (I would gladly pay $5 for super tasty boba.) Even though I received a stamp card, I won't be coming back here.
4	I tried was bored with the usual breakfast places and searched on Yelp for a highly rated place, it was right across the street from me!  When I walked in I wasnt sure how the process worked b/c everyone working there was busy making batter..I soon found out that you order like a fast food joint and sit down, then they bring the food out to you.  I just asked them what the most popular was, the recommended the breakfast sandwich, and i can see why.I was unusual to have a breakfast sandwich with waffles as the bread, but it was awesome.  Only problem was the side.. plain potato chips, weird..  I could have ate two of them b/c i as pretty hungry.  I am going to frequent based on price!  Open from 0600-5pm
3	mmm waffles. Wait, is that a breakfast sandwich? But with a waffle instead on bread? Perfect match! Had to try it. And it was good. They had some house sauce on it that was sweet but interestingly nice.And we also got their choclate strawberry waffle thing. Can't go wrong with this combination. Yum.There are so many choices of waffles and some pretty interesting ones. Did I mention I love waffles? I need to try all the varieties, but only had room for 2 different waffles to share with the bf.When we went here for a late breakfast, it was pretty quiet. Only 2 other people inside from what I remember. But as we sat waiting for our food and eating it, there was decent traffic of people ordering waffles to go. It is nice that they have different flavored batters for their waffles.Must say, the idea of this place is great. Almost a dream come true. And though the waffles were yummy, they were not superb. It did have a different flavor from the traditional waffle and healthier? And a nice place to just sit and chat...It is a place I would return with my waffle cravings. Since it is pretty close to my house.
5	Overall, great experience.  I ordered an iced chai tea and a pumpkin waffle with raspberries, strawberries, blueberries and light on the whipped creme.  I loved my waffle!  The pumpkin batter was absolutely delicious and the fruit were so fresh!  Definitely not the soggy, miserable little fruit IHOP puts on their fruity-tooty pancakes.  I proceeded to have a conversation with the guy at the register, turns out he's one of the co-owners.  He was a great guy.  He explained to me that they used to have high school kids work there but then they started reading bad reviews on them mentioning customer service so now he works there all the time.  I love that!  He cares about what us customers have to say.  So heads up to anyone that might've had a bad customer service situation with them in the past.  I went on a weekday morning and there was only one group of people in there before me.  The lady of that group put 2 dollars in the tip jar and thanked the co-owner specifically for the customer service and said she loved her food.  It's not often you find a breakfast place that isn't a typical waiter restaurant-style.. so this is a great alternative if you don't have the time for all that.
1	Absoulutly the worst place to eat!!! Never again!!!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I do love me some waffles.....and their menu choices look so fun and interesting, I have been excited to give a few of them a try.But we have been here twice now, and both times I left feeling disappointed.  The service has been slow both times, and the food... although unique... is just not that great.  Honestly, I feel like I'd be better off buying a waffle-maker and making this stuff on my own at home.   I would save money, get better service AND I wouldn't have to try to eat a thick waffle with a plastic fork and knife!
2	fried chips for bfast? not cool.
4	Breakfast waffle is awesome. I will be back soon.
5	love love LOVE this place.  They have a huge selection of different types of waffles.  Whether its waffles with different toppings or waffle sandwiches and EVEN waffle pizza.  The workers are awesome and wanting to get to know you.  Their menu selection is easy to read while the workers recommend items and give you more info.   they also have a selection of drinks as well.  They have a selection of boba tea, smoothies, and hot tea.   i really love this place.  A great way to start off your day.  A very nice environment and most of all........free coffee refills!!!!!!
3	This review is a bit of a "To Be Continued" mainly because I only tried a waffle sandwich and the menu looked so amazing that I need to go back just to try everything out.Waffle sandwiches, waffle pizzas, make your own waffles, waffle platters. You name it(including a waffle) and they will probably make it. The "restaurant" is actually more of a fast food establishment where you order at the front and then they give you your food. It has a very strange setup/feel that I feel would be much more successful as an actual restaurant. Paper plates and forks were definitely a turn off. A+ for the actual waffle sandwich itself though.
5	I have only tried lunch so far...been there twice. The sandwiches are delicious and taste clean and fresh. Having the sandwich made with waffles offers a slightly sweet twist to the usual lunch and it makes it taste better than the usual sandwich I think. Ran by a very sweet family, the service was great.
5	The waffles are sooo good you can't eat just one.   The food is outstanding and even though you eventually become full you still want more.  The menu has  many selections and is very easy to read.Larry & Eva Roth
5	Whenever I get a hankering for breakfast food, do I go to Denny's or Ihop?  Nay, nay, I head on over to the Waffles Cafe.  The owners are super cool, the food is awesome, and they play great music.  If it's not too busy, sometimes one of the servers busts out his guitar!Recommendations:1) Breakfast waffle sandwich- ham, scrambled eggs, bacon, cheese and the house sauce all nestled in one delicious, homemade waffle.  It comes with chips as well!2) Breakfast special- if you are in the mood for a more traditional breakfast, you can pretty much get everything separated.  Two eggs however you like them, bacon or sausage, and a drink.3) Create your own- your choice of plain, chocolate or pumpkin waffle then whatever toppings you want!  Chocolate waffle with strawberries and bananas is quite good.4) Miscellaneous- they have regular turkey or ham waffle sandwiches and waffle pizza for the more adventurous!
3	Pretty good waffles I like that you can choose your toppings and your waffle batter. It was moderately busy when I went and our drink order came when we were nearly done eating. Food is served on throw away plates and the forks are plastic.
4	Pretty awesome. Nice service. Good food. Nothing fancy. waffle breakfast sandwich was great. i dont know about waffle pizza. it wasnt bad... just not my thing. very nice staff. get waffles!!!
5	I just left this place about 10 minutes ago and had to immediately put in my review! Myself and my bf were looking for waffles and after reading the reviews decided to go. Arriving there it looked really empty which SCARED me, but I thought it maybe was because it was 10:00am on a Monday?? The people there were so nice and explained their "$5.99 Breakfast Special" which consists of  eggs bacon or sausage and a waffle.Due to me trying to eat better he suggested the "organic flax seed waffle" with strawberries. My bf had the waffle with mango and pineapple. We also tried the Boba Thai Tea. Everything was delicious. EVERYTHING. My flax seed waffle had a funnel cake- ish texture almost.It was still light  and soooo good.It was topped with fresh strawberries and whipped cream (which he went light on)I also topped it with a little of their strawberry syrup, Divine! The egg whites were awesome, they seemed very fresh. The bacon was ok, nothing special. Even though my bf's waffle was gone in a blink of an eye I did manage to taste some and his regular waffle with the  kiwi and pineapple topping.His fruit topping too were fresh and sweet. Neither one of us have ever had a Boba Tea so this was our first time. Needless to say I'm hooked. It was sweet and creamy. Very good. I like this place because when we left, I didnt feel "bloated" or super full as I do with other pancake houses! I also loved that we were in and out of this place in 25 minutes!If you like waffles I suggest you give them a try!
4	I do love me some waffles...So why not try Waffles Cafe? Located on Durango and Centennial near 7-Eleven and Slidin Thru. I decided to give Waffles Cafe a try since I haven't had a decent waffle in a long time. I was greeted by the cashier who was very friendly and helpful. As I looked at the menu, I asked him about the pizza waffles and waffle sandwiches. I thought it seemed kind of odd but he suggested that they were really good. They had a variety of different waffles to choose from, I didn't know if I should be bold and just go for the pizza waffle or play it safe and get a regular waffle with any fruit topping I wanted. Decisions, decisions, decisions...I ended up getting a chocolate waffle with bananas, strawberries, whipped cream, and powdered sugar. I was not disappointed!  I also ordered a iced Chai Tea, which was okay. Not only do they serve waffles but they also have Boba, what a way to finish up your meal!
5	5 stars is for the warm and friendly feel. Stopped in for lunch because we were in the neighborhood. Been meaning to try this place cause we pass by it often enough. The shopping center is questionable. There are only 3 restaurants occupying the property, yet every window has signs of new-coming restaurants moving in. I think there was 8 other restaurant signs and all under construction. So random b/c my bf's lived there for 1.5 yrs and its been an empty plaza. Tried the waffle sandwich w/ bacon, ham, cheese, and advocado. It was really good! There was a slight sweetness in the waffles(?) which made the sandwich sweet and salty. Bf ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, it was good but mine was so much better. I really want to try their sweet waffles but we were hungry for lunch not dessert.. that just means must return soon!! The restaurant was open and big. The guy who greeted and took our order was really pleasant. Gave me free coffee! The menu was small and simple easy to order. I love finding mom and pops neighborhood restaurants!!!! Overall good experience would def. come back time and time again (:
5	I always come to this place every time i visit Vegas. I usually go to the Fort Apache location but since it closed we went to this one and it is just as good. I always get the Jeff's favorite which is a pumpkin waffle with apple pie filling, vanilla ice cream, caramel and whipped cream which is awesome. I love the waffles here and the service is excellent. My boyfriend and I actually walked in 10 minutes after closing and normally you would get turned away at any other place but not here and the gentleman at the register greeted us with such kindness and didn't rush us at all. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves waffles but the one thing that I love the most about this place is you can tell that the people who run the place really appreciate their customers.
5	Everytime, I think of waffles for breakfast--yes, Waffle Cafe is the place to go.  Their breakfast waffle sandwich is excellent  with bacon, eggs, built into a waffle sandwich, and their waffles with strawberries, kiwi and whip cream is absolutely delicious.  Smoothies, great coffee and family friendly runned staff.  Open for breakfast and lunch, and they even have a punch card--once it's filled, one free waffle breakfast.  Their waffles are the best, with their secret ingredients, the only setback, is when I dine in a restaurant I prefer not to eat off of styrofoam plates!Definitely check this place out!
5	This is an interesting place. It's is amazing what you can do with a waffle. The chicken sandwich was awesome. Not just good, amazing. Plus they have a very friendly staff that is all family.
4	I popped in for breakfast while I was awaiting a surgical patient at Centennial hospital.  Way better than any cafeteria choices, I'm sure!I had dined at waffles previously at the old southwest location so I knew what to expect.  This location didn't disappoint.  I had the breakfast special with 1 waffle, scrambled eggs, sausage, and coffee.  I upgraded to a chai latte for a fee.  I think it was around $8 total.  Delicious!  The waffles are almost inexplicable.  They are ultra crispy on the outside, super light, and moist and fluffy on the inside.  Eggs were cooked nicely.  Service was very nice and atmosphere was fine.  I would surely return soon....if I'm in the centennial neighborhood.
4	Food 9/10 Best waffle's I've had in Vegas ever. Highly recommend the flax waffle. Drinks 7/10 Standard soft drinks, breakfast combo comes with unlimited coffee, Thai Tea had too much thai tea and not enough condensed milk (aka way too orange)Environment 8/10 Good breakfast sunshine from the windows in the morning, and nice and cool during the hot summer days. Not a fan of Styrofoam plates and cups when eating in, but its understandable. Enjoyment 9/10 I have gone to this place at least two dozen times. Great food, great family, and very accommodating if anything went wrong. Overall 33/40 = 82.5% = 4 stars. I grew up in the east coast, DC area to be exact. When most people think of a Waffle house, one can't help but think of Fried Chicken and Belgian waffles and a slightly dirty Denny's style diner. Sadly that's what I thought of when I first approached "WaffleS". This was not the caseFirst impression is its super clean environment and bright lights. It's definitely not an ethnic style waffle house. This is done asian style, hence the 'Cafe in WaffleS Cafe. And I can tell you I'm definitely a fan of this place. The first time going there you'll get a small culture shock as all your stereotypes get blown out of the water, THEN you'll get a little shock at the different varieties and styles of waffles you can choose from, literally a plethora of combinations. When you decide from choosing between a standard, pizza, or sandwich waffle, you have 5 types of batter. From there, there's a a few dozen toppings from anchovies to strawberries, lets not forget all the syrups and such. If you want a waffle your way you will get it your way. My personal favorite is the standard flaxseed waffle with maple syrup. But if i feel a little indulgent, you can't help but try Yooni's Favorite: Plain Waffle, with bananas, strawberries, whipped cream, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream, topped with chocolate syrup.
5	I've actually been to waffles twice and both times I was very happy with the service and my waffle. I def recommend it!
5	Great food reasonable prices
4	I am a sucker for customer service and the gentlemen that helped us was very nice.  Unlike its neighbor (slidin thru) its not a upbeat, fun environment. It awkwardly quiet, maybe they should have music playing in the background. My turkey sandwich was great, TWO thumbs up and I love the potato chips that came with my special... However, my boyfriend's ordered the breakfast special and the waffles left something to be desired. The bacon was great though. I was debating on the three or four rating, but I went with 4 because if I had just order the sandwich I would have been very happy with my choice:)
3	Waffles very little and hot!!! Nicely ran, and great selection of waffles, and coffee!!! Fun great idea....
3	3.5 star spot in my book...really wish we had half star abilities.  I've been here twice now, wanted to give it another chance before I made my review.What's good....the waffles are great.  Super fluffy and crispy, lots of flavor...you can go traditional or crazy/overboard with them.  The rest of the meal was decent...but not mind blowing.What's bad...the place is crazy quiet.  I was the only person in the entire place, but even still...have some sort of background music or something going on.  Especially with the holidays...just tune it to the radio or something....it's free.  The ambiance is really lacking.  I am not expecting fancy or anything, but especially for a breakfast joint, it feels like a library in here.And I know I will sound like a prude, but I don't want to eat off paper plates and plastic silverware when I go out to eat.  It is different if you are eating street tacos or desserts etc, but not for breakfast.  I would pay an extra dollar or two just to eat my breakfast off hotplates and skillets, to keep your eggs and etc warm, but maybe not everyone else or their target eaters.Still worth a try, but if the waffles were not great here, it is an easy 1-2 star setup.
4	I haven't been back in a long while and was glad we tried it out again. The BF got a waffle breakfast and I a waffle sandwich. The waffles were perfectly crunchy but very fluffy inside so it was light and not dense/carb-y like what I equate some waffles and pancakes to be. You can do meal combos now so the price for a waffle with a beverage is about $7 which I think is real reasonable. Sandwiches came with some chips and the breakfast came with egg and sausage or bacon. Plus is we aren't morning people so those breakfast exclusive places normally close when we are just getting up. We can come here later in the afternoon and have ourselves some brekkie.
4	It was our first visit here and I think we all enjoyed it!I first had the waffle with fruit and whip and I have to say it was just a little too crisp and airy for my liking. I replaced it with the bacon ham and egg sandwhich and OMG!!!!!!!! YES YES YES! It was perfectly sweet and salty and filling! YUMMMMMMM I can't wait for my boyfriend and I to have another day off so we can enjoy breakfast at 2pm again!
5	9/25/2011 -Super friendly, family owned restaurant.  They made us perfect scrambled eggs & bacon every day this week while we were moving.  It was so nice that they remembered us each time, and the bacon was crisp, never greasy.  I would go there every weekend if we were still living nearby.  I wish their smoothies were all real fruit and turbinadoUPDATE:  Went back again, after one year, and they REMEMBERED ME and asked how I was and the food was PERFECT as always
4	I like it! Close to my house, reasonable prices, friendly service and most importantly delicious waffles. I really loved the strawberry & kiwi combination, see posted picture, yum!
4	Ordered the "sweet p" which is a pumpkin waffle with apple pie topping, caramel, cinnamon, whip cream, & ice cream, but I switched the waffle to an organic flax one & put the ice cream on the side for later. It had pretty good flavor but it got soggy quick from the toppings even without the a la mode so eat it quick! My daughters eggs & sausage were great. My husband ordered the waffle breakfast sandwich, it was good but didn't quite compare to our waffle sandwich place in Portland OR, the flavor spot!
3	I ordered the Chicken and Waffles. It had this super yummy spicy sauce for the chicken and strawberry butter for the waffles. The waffles were crispy and delicious and the chicken tenders were good too but I feel like the price was too high for a waffle and what seemed to be frozen chicken tenders. My boyfriend got their breakfast platter with waffles, egg and sausage and he enjoyed it for the most part.I think my only criticism is them serving it on paper plates and the ambience of the place could really use some improvement. I don't remember having music at all. And most importantly, the prices are a bit too high for what you get. I'll go back and give it another try and order one of their crazy waffle creations but I guess that's it for me.
5	Love this place! Friendly staff, quick and delicious food, with nice atmosphere, and good prices.
4	I guess I'm a fan again after a few positive again experiences. I also think now that they are doing combos, makes it for a fast, tasty and cheap meal option of a waffle breakfast, sandwich (with chips), waffle pizza,  etc. with a drink for under $7. My favorite thing to get is breakfast waffle sandwiches (egg, cheese, ham, bacon) which makes for a good bit of savory and sweet. I pour some syrup in mine. The crinkle cut kettle chips are possibly homemade? These are plain, but good. They let me do ice tea as my beverage which is fresh brewed. They also added a water dispenser which is welcoming since I like to drink a lot while eating. My one negative thing is I liked their chicken sandwiches before, except now it seems they use ready made grilled strips. *womp, womp* Still, I do like their fluffy style waffles here. It's different from what is usual, but it's a good kind of different. Definitely a plus I can come here in the afternoon and can order breakfast. I love not waking up early just to grab breakfast/brunch and deal with crowds on top of that.
4	Great place for breakfast
4	Update!Seems like they listened to some of our complaints, and finally added some background music!  It is very subtle, but really makes the environment more welcoming.Service was friendly as always, and the place is clean!The reason why it got the review bump.....the breakfast sandwich!  It came with eggs, bacon and etc inside a waffle sandwich!  The portion was good for the price ($5.99), and the taste was very good.  As you know already from reading the other reviews, the waffles here are great, so it works together perfectly and is nice and clean on the hands.  Check out the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/waffles-cafe-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#-N2RRW15OVLymuWeMRpgugAlso, because it is a sandwich, I couldn't complain about the paper plates or plastic silverware lol.  I think I will order their sandwiches from now on!Give it a try :)
3	This place has such potential.  To bad running it is teenagers who could care less about the food presentation or customers.  All the waffle sandwiches are good!  This would have been a 4 star visit had the over interaction with the employees been more reasonable.
2	I can only assume that I've come on a bad day since the reviews are so good :-/.  I hate to give this review because the people were so nice but I feel like I waited 40 minutes (yes, 40 min) on a not so crowded Saturday morning for nothing.Did I mention that it took 10 of those minutes to get my orange juice that they must have went to florida to squeeze.  As for my food, my fruit topped oat waffle was a bit on the crisp side.  I had to add some syrup to soften it up.  Not to mention it was hella small.  And my son was not happy with his pepperoni pizza waffle either. I tried a piece and the marinara sauce tasted like a canned spaghetti sauce.  This place has a lot of potential but it would probably take a Groupon or something for me to give it another shot.  Once again, I apologize for my review but my son and I are still hungry and are probably about to spend 17.00 elsewhere.
5	Love this place! I usually just get the waffle breakfast but the environment is very chill. The owners are young and very friendly. My daughters favorite are their smoothies.
4	Nothing fancy. But delicious in every way.I came here with an open mind, to see what all the hype was about. It was a Wednesday morning so no one was in there but me, and I had the coffee all to myself, woot woot! They even have my favorite creamers there, vanilla and hazlenut. YUUUUSSS!Price range is neat, $6 for a big ass waffle, eggs and bacon. The waffle was amazing in my book, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Eggs. They were eggs. Bacon kinda looked dry and stale to me, which disappointed me at first, but I guess it had a jerky texture to it, so in the end it wasn't that bad at all.I like how everything is served on disposable utensils. From the paper plates to the plastic forks. I'm an odd germy-phobe, so to not have to worry about whether the dishes were washed properly definitely lifted my spirits.I saw they had some sort of waffle pizza on the menu, which I really want to come back a try.
2	I was very unimpressed with the waffles. They were very thin and airy almost like a wafer. No substance taste or texture. Thank God for the strawberries or we would have been starving,  Eggo waffles are better
5	We ended up at this place because we were getting the car serviced. We live over 20 miles away. We were hungry and thanks to Yelp, we stumbled up on Waffles Cafe. When we walked in, I thought that we were surely in for a bad experience. I looked around and saw paper plates on tables as well as plastic forks and knives. I also saw some interesting looking waffles with a lot of "stuff" on them. I'm just a regular waffle kind of guy with just butter and little syrup. My initial thought was that they have all of the "stuff" on them to hide a bad waffle. I looked at the prices and they were amazingly inexpensive. That was a good start. They had bottomless coffee that tasted really good. I ordered their waffle special which was a waffle, an egg, and bacon or sausage as well as the coffee. It didn't take them long to bring the food. I thought the short wait was reasonable. The bacon and eggs were not anything special. How can you mess that up and yet, how can you make that scrumptious? The waffle? PERFECT! I had just been looking up a recipe for a perfect waffle. That would be: one that taste delicious, kinda sweet, crispy on the outside, yet creamy on the inside. Yum!
5	Great deal on delicious breakfast!
4	Super friendly with great prices and a good selection. If you are after waffles this is the place to check out. My kids were super excited to finally eat here. They split the Banana Split Waffle, and it was so big that they were barely able to finish it between the both of them. I was excited to see that they also have boba teas and smoothies on their menu. That will be on my list to try on my next visit, along with a breakfast sandwich. My family doesn't go out for breakfast often, but I can see us returning here soon. This is the type of place that I could see us becoming regulars at. I love the hole in the wall family business vibe it has. You will never get that at any Denny's or IHOP in town and I am all for supporting the small business owner.
5	If you want a cafe style breakfast including waffles, this is your place.  Jeff and Isaac are very friendly and treat their regulars like family.  They gave my wife and I a card for our wedding.  Who does that?  We go in to eat occasionally and they treat us like family.  This family is amazing and they make great food.  I tried the Waffles Cafe in the Aliante area and it is not as good as this place.
5	The best waffle I have ever had. The tuna sandwich is my favorite. I've become somewhat of a regular here and they all remember me, regardless of how infrequent I visit. This place is welcoming and warm with amazing customer service and even better food. A definite must!
4	Went this morning for first time even though it is not that far from my house (maybe 10 or so mins). I thought the set up and the food were great. The menu was on the wall, then ordered at the counter, got my self serve coffee, and the food was brought out like 5 mins later. For 6.50 tax included, I got the breakfast special-a waffle, 2 strips of crispy bacon, 2 eggs and coffee. The bacon and eggs were gravy, the star was the waffle-more crispy with the inside softness more so towards the middle/center of the waffle. Everything tasted fresh and not processed. The waffle was so good that I ordered a second. I left an hour later relaxed, full and completely satisfied.I was a bit weary to eat off paper plates and plastic utensils (as I had read this in other reviews and as a rule do not like to) but, the experience was so good that it didn't bother me at all, almost didn't notice it.
5	Yum, waffle sandwiches, perfectly cooked boba, and friendly customer service? What more could a girl want. I'll be back to try a waffle pizza and their other selections. Can't believe they also have boba smoothies, thai teas with boba, and the boba is soft on the outside, yet still chewy. The guys are really helpful as well, they brought my boba to me as I was waiting for my food. Super fast and friendly.
4	The food : I tried the breakfast sandwich and was able to get all turkey based meats. Eggs, turkey , turkey sausage and cheese between a very fluffy waffle. It was a really good portion size and came with a side of potato chips. The sand which was great one of the better breakfast sandwiches I've had. I also had a side waffle with syrup. I have to say I love a fluffy waffle and this one really doesn't disappoint. The service:  the service at this location was really good. Very friendly staff that's knowledgeable in case you need them to make you a recommendation. They got our food out quickly with out any issues.I would definitely recommend waffles cafe for a quick breakfast that hits the spot.
1	Ate here with some friends on Sunday morning and I will never return. The food was okay but the service was absolutely horrible. One person in our group waited an hour for her smoothie even with asking about it 3 times. They messed up many of the orders, were rather rude about their mistakes, and customers who came in and ordered after us were served before us. Never again will I waste my time at this restaurant.
4	I'd pick waffles over pancakes any day (although I frequent a pancake establishment only because it's close to my office).  Waffles cafe has smoothies, boba tea, hot tea, waffle sandwich, waffle pizza and the good ol' waffles.  They have specials:Breakfast for $5.99: waffle + egg+ bacon OR sausage + unlimited coffee OR add $1 for other drinks.Lunch for $6.49: waffle sandwich + chips + soda OR waffle pizza + sodaThe Sweet P for $6.95: pumpkin waffle with apple pie filling + vanilla ice cream + caramel + cinnamonShort Cake Split for $7.45: original waffle + strawberry + banana + vanilla ice cream + chocolate sauceBanana Split for $6.69: banana + ice cream + chocolate sauce + almond + sprinkles + whipped creamYou can also create your own waffle from $3.95-8.95 (choose from original, oat, flax, chocolate, pumpkin) and add toppings from 75 cents-$1 (walnut, pecan, strawberry, sprinkles, peanut butter, Nutella, chocolate chips, marshmallows, Reese's chips, chocolate sauce, M&M's, caramel sauce, coconut, banana, kiwi, mango, peach, blueberry, raspberry, apple pie filling, cherry pie filling) or maybe get a side of bacon, sausage, egg or wheat toast for $1.50.I built my own waffle. I had the original with Nutella + strawberries + mangoes. They added powdered sugar and whipped cream on top.  Since I already have Nutella, I didn't put any syrup on my waffle.  The syrups they have include maple, sugar, boysenberry, etc.Food is served on a paper plate and they'll give you a plastic fork and knife. The downside to that is it's not too appealing but I guess the good thing about that is if you want to take your food to-go, you can just put foil on top and voila!
5	This place has amazing smoothies and lots of options. Great place to have breakfast and just relax with friends. The staff is excellent and very friendly. Nice to have a small town feel place in this big city.
4	Not what I expected. Owner greeted us right away and explained the menu. I got a pumpkin waffle and bobby got a regular . I like places you sit and order at. We didn't realize it was counter service, but the service was great . Even though the pancakes were thin, they were airy. Mine did not have a lot of pumpkin taste. We wouldn't drive back up there, but if we were in the neighborhood we would eat there again
5	I was bummed when this place closed near my house, but thrilled to discover it reopened a drive away. Here's the thing to order: WAFFLE TUNA SANDWICH. Amazing. It's exactly what it sounds with tuna in a waffle with a side of chips. I live in LA, but I make the drive here when I'm in Vegas just for this. Additional notes: parking is plentiful, service is solid, wait is a little longer than average because they make their food fresh.
5	For the 3 years that I've lived and worked in this area - I finally decided to come here for my birthday breakfast. I have no idea why I haven't come here before. I remember someone telling me that it was "ok" and it's "just waffles". No sir, this is not just waffles. These are delightful, crispy, amazing waffles. I love them so much, so so so much. I got the organic waffle with -StrawberriesPeanut ButterChocolate ChipsBananasAlmonds - I used the sugar free syrup, and to my surprise, it was amazing. They do have real maple syrup if you're looking for a sugar high. I really could not get over how good these were. Probably because I'm on pretty strict clean diet and I don't have too many amazing cheat meals like this. But good god...It was worth it. The service was awesome - the only thing is they forgot my kiwi's...but I don't even care. I really don't. If you drive by this place and you're wondering if you should try it out, yes. You should. Especially if you're a waffle lover, like myself.
5	The waffles here "ROCK"!!  Light and fluffy, the perfect breakfast!!  Crunchy on the outside, the inside, almost like eating air.  The breakfast special included scrambled eggs done just right.Very mom and pop atmosphere, which lends to the charm of the Waffles Cafe, along with the great staff. This is a go-out-of my-way place!!!
5	The service is over the top excellent. The food was good enough to warrant a 5 star review coupled with excellent service. I would recommend this location!
5	OMG! I have driven by this place seance they have opened and have always wanted to try this place.  I'm so glad I went today. I got a waffle breakfast sandwich. It was amazing!! I don't typically like waffles, but these were so light and fluffy and perfect!!!!! I def. Found my new place for breakfast!!!!
5	Love this place!  Always a stop for us when we visit from Cali.  The family who owns this is super-cool and friendly.  Their breakfast sandwich is a favorite!
3	I was in the area and wanted to take some friends to breakfast. I went here based on yelp reviews. While I think the food was good, it isn't a four or five star restaurant. With that said, the food was decent and it was a good value. As a side note, A LOT of people who don't have handicap parking placards park in the handicap parking spots in this shopping center. Having a child who uses a walker and a wheelchair, this is very disheartening. You can read about her at HugsforHailey.com .
5	Best waffles ever! Light, crispy & yummy. This is a "no frills" Mom & Pop place. Great staff. Suggest the breakfast special. My boyfriend have been back to this place several times.
5	Great service, excellent food, and affordable. Very personable staff who recognizes repeat customers.
4	I give the WC 4 stars total. I love waffles. And the place is clean and everyone is kind. This is a nice little spot to sit and have breakfast. On a Saturday morning when IHOP is packed to the max. You can enter here and get served in less than 15 minutes. Even if your in a large group. The eggs they cook are the best ever. And the place is extra clean. Water is free. Wait for it....Oh my they give you a large cup! This place is worthy of my business. I will bring friends and family here, It wont break yo bank. I had a waffle eggs and bacon for like 5 bucks. This is helpful around the holiday time when you just want to run in get fed and head out to do holiday shopping!
5	Heavenly is the only word to describe this place. It's simple and relaxed but very clean. The staff is always so nice whenever I go in. The waffle sandwiches are AMAZING simply for the sauce they put on them...don't know what it is and it looks kinda weird but it tastes sooooo good. Totally worth it!
5	Great little breakfast/brunch/lunch place.  Yummy Breakfast Sandwich using a Belgium Waffle s the bread, and great service - from the cashier to the owners son. Can't wait to try their Hawaiian Pizza Waffles. We will be back often.
5	Best no-frills breakfast in town, bar none.  Two eggs, two strips of bacon, and a waffle, served on a Styrofoam plate with a great cup of bottomless coffee for less than $5?  Count me in!  If you need to have hash browns, go ahead and order them!  They don't appear on the menu, but they do have them if you ask.  Not a great place to linger over that last cup while enjoying the trendy music and trying to pick up hipster chicks, this is as basic a place as you can get.  But despite this lack of frills, I think you will be pleasantly surprised.  I know I was!
4	This visit was much better than my first. Service was fast, staff was friendly and food was cooked perfect!  I had the waffle pizza and it was delicious.
5	I love the waffles and how you can put so many different types of to toppings. The service's is fast and very nice.
5	Great little place to grab some yummy food! They serve breakfast style waffles, lunch style waffles and smoothies! I enjoyed how they had the option to make your waffle healthier by adding flax seeds, organic, or even adding fresh fruit. I ordered the breakfast special which was a perfect amount of food. There was one waffle, sausage, eggs, and a cup of coffee. My boyfriend ordered the waffle ham sandwich that came with hash browns. They were both delicious! Very clean and friendly environment. They had today's top hits playing on the radio and the news on the tv. The staff was great and the service was very quick! I will be returning here often. Extremely pleased with this find!
2	I liked the waffle, it was crispy and light and  creamy (not raw...think of a cruller donut) inside.  This was my first time here so I wanted the purest version and got it plain. There are other toppings but you have to pay for them.  So it can get pricey.  I got the breakfast special which included eggs and bacon. The eggs were a little runny but I ordered the bacon crunchy and it was PERFECT.You order the food at the counter and it is served on paper plates.  Dixie paper plates. I get that they want to keep food costs down but to me that is unacceptable and plastic utensils? Not a very environmentally friendly place at all. You don't get a server no one asks if everything is okay, it's all self serve and you pay for your food first and if course there is a place to leave a tip. Which I overtipped...Inside the place is UGLY. It's not inviting at all.  I am not looking for a luxuriously tufted pillow to set my delicate butt on or anything but something in there, ANYTHING could match something else. It's not a place I'd go back to.
4	We love coming here. It's close to home, low key, & the food is tasty. The staff is always friendly & the wait is never long. I like that I can bring my noisy, messy 11 month old.  I usually get the breakfast sandwich & a strawberry banana smoothie. Hits the spot!
5	Gluten free waffles! came here the other morning and was pleasantly surprised. I had a gluten free waffle with fresh cut strawberries and bananas. It was only $6. i couldnt get over the quality for the price. if your ever in the centenial area i highly suggest this place.PS. the guy behind the counter was sooo sweet.
5	I absolutely love this place. We have been coming here since it opened and the staff has always been so friendly and helpful. What makes it better is it's a family owned and operated local business. Things to try would be the fruit sandwich and of coarse the boba is delicious.
5	This place was absolutely delicious, and I wish that I could return to Vegas just so I could eat here again!I ordered the banana split waffle, without the banana. The ice cream on top would have been amazing alone, but the warm buttery waffle underneath it only made it better. The whipped cream and chocolate sauce certainly didn't hurt either.Their menu is pretty impressive, considering they only do waffles. This is a place that is good for breakfast (obviously), lunch, and dinner. The toppings and possibilities here are endless, and making a choice was quite the task. If I do ever end up returning, I am incredibly interested in trying one of their waffle sandwiches. That is if I can resist the banana split waffle again.
4	In the mood for waffles come to this place.  Wonderfully light airy and crisp waffle.  Wife clamors for them from time to time.  Be a five star rating but they don't have much selection beyond their waffles with uber toppings.  Give them a try you won't be disappointed and you'll be helping a local mom and pop shop!
5	I love this place. They have the most amazing waffles I've ever had. They are light and airy, not dense and heavy like pancakes. I come here every weekend. Don't be put off by the paper plates and plastic utensils. It'll be your loss. I do bring my own maple syrup, only because I'm a pure grade B kinda gal.I also absolutely love love love their tuna sandwich.
5	I'm always looking for a great little local gem, and this is definitely one of them.  Before going here the first time I would have said I didn't care much for waffles.  These aren't just any waffles though.  I'm addicted to the breakfast sandwich, but my family has gotten multiple different menu items from savory to sweet, and they are always excellent.  Love it!
5	Best waffle I've ever had...I made my own with a chocolate waffle, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, raspberries, cherry pie filling, blueberries, whip cream and powdered sugar.  Pure bliss!
5	Gah I love waffles, and I love ice cream, and being fat, and so this place is awesome!Here you can get waffles every which way- dessert for breakfast (banana split is the best!) or lunch (chicken and waffle sandwich). Prices are a bit high, but really, it's a fresh made waffle with a LOT of toppings and glorious goodness. There are also sandwiches to choose from, like a chicken and waffle one, which a friend said was alright. Great place to get a sugar rush.
5	Fabulous!! It's simple, very clean and DELICIOUS. Me and my girls new favorite place for an amazing morning. :)
5	I love this place..... Jacob & Isaac are awesome guys & they treat you right. The food is great and the value is good for the portions. I always stick with the classic breakfast plate but upgrade to the pumpkin waffle, sausage & scrambled egg. This is always a great way to start my day off right.
4	This place has amazing waffles!! Lol my boyfriend and I went for breakfast one morning and we didn't really know what to get. He got the chicken waffle sandwich which came with a hash brown and I got a flax waffle with strawberries and whipped cream and it came with bacon or sausage. I don't eat meat so I got bacon for my boyfriend and I ate his hashbrown.It was a little pricey and the sprite that we ordered was just a can of sprite with a Styrofoam cup of ice. The Thai tea that I got was good but not very sweet like I like. I loved the hash brown and my waffle was so good. My boyfriend's sandwich looked amazing and it had avocado on it! Tastey and good for you!Overall, the service was great and so was the food. I just wish the prices were a tiny bit cheaper.
5	Years later this place is consistently good and I'm happy to give it another 5 stars. The staff is the absolute friendliest, food is consistently phenomenal, and prices are fair. Highly recommend if you're in the area to check this gem out.
3	When this place opened in the neighborhood, I was so excited to have a different breakfast spot nearby. Then we tried it. I was less than impressed. You order at the counter but go wait at the table for your food to be delivered. They serve it on paper plates with plastic utensils. If the waffles are crispy, this is tough to use with ease. The waffles were ok with plenty of options for toppings. They also serve boba drinks which is a huge plus in this part of town. They are on the right track, but for the price point, it needs to step up the presentation a bit.
2	I really wanted to like this place, I love family owned businesses. The food was cold, served in disposable dishes and silverware. A tiny dish for the eggs and an undercooked sausage. It can get pricey with the waffle add ons. The waffle idea is good and the service is friendly. I would recommend investing in real silverware and dishes, tidy up the place, work on getting everything cooked better and make sure it gets served hot. Good luck.
5	Love everything about Waffles Cafe!!! I give major props to the young guys that are always in there because they really do provide great service. I've only had breakfast there a couple times but I come in for Boba tea from time to time because it's conveniently located right off the 215. Major plus also for not having a minimum to pay card.
5	First time here and won't be the last. The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable. The good was amazing, a little spendy but you definitely get what you pay for, so come hungry!
4	Had the breakfast special which was delicous
5	It's always hard to find a great family owned business. although you may pay a little more than you make think is necessary, their customer service and friendly demeanor is well worth it. I recommend the waffle pizzas! Very simple yet delicious! I always get a strawberry banana smoothie with boba, and its my favorite smoothie in town!
5	This place is great. The staff is very helpful and friendly to all customers. The food is always perfect. Great waffles with so many great options. I come here at least once a week. If you enjoy good waffles and good service this is a great place to go!
5	Best tasting waffles that I have had anywhere. For $7.56 you get a waffle, 2 eggs and tasty sausage.  You order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table. The friendly staff are quick and are always smiling. You have got to check out this place.
2	Food was good, but service was TERRIBLE. Took absolutely forever to get my food. I did not order anything excessive either. I'd like to go back and get another waffle sandwich, but I don't want to wait 45 minutes to receive it again... there are too many amazing breakfast places to go to instead.
5	Love it, best waffles ever! I have to stop there at least 3X a week. A great place, nice atmosphere.  I had lunch with a client at their establishment one week ago, a perfect lunch.
5	This place never ceases to amaze!  It has been 2 1/2 months since I was last here and Jeff remembered me.  That's great service.  Oh and the food is wonderful too.  Definitely worth the drive away from the overpriced strip.
3	I went here with my daughter and she got a pumpkin pancake.  I ordered the breakfast special.  I was fasting for a glucose test, and chose to break it here, and preggo so very very hungry.  Staff was friendly, coffee was mediocre, my waffle was inedible.  I'm not sure what happened, but it tasted like a lot of baking soda.  There was no substance to it either. Kinda like the turkey on Chevy Chase Christmas vacation.  If you haven't seen that movie, you are missing out... The pumpkin waffle was pretty good, nothing outstanding.  The fruit was really fresh.  It was a bit run down inside, there was a fan going in the front middle of the floor.  The mismatched paper plates gave it a cheap feel, which was not cool or trendy in any way.  I was disappointed overall.  Based on other reviews I'm guessing my bad waffle was a fluke (benefit of the doubt).  What would bring me back...1.fresh roasted coffee (buy the beans from a local roaster or something and charge a bit more) 2. fresh half and half (mini moos are just gross, everyone knows that stuff is full of chemicals, allowing it stability at room temp for eons,)3.real plates, or at least presentation that shows you care about presentation, show some pride in your waffles!  Not mine, the ones you usually serve, I think...4. a little spruce up inside (time to redecorate!) Again show some pride.  Those toy/candy machines have to go, and fix your AC!5. And obviously, a waffle that's better than what I failed to eat.  Thankful the bacon and eggs were OK...What I liked-1. Friendly staff2. Concept of a menu based on a waffle, including pizza, sandwiches, sundaes, and hard to find seasonal flavors...punky punkin!3. Its fast.  You could capitalize on this with cool to go packaging.  Possibly a drive thru, and great coffee.
5	This place is awesome, perfect place to satisfy a sweet tooth. Customer service is exceptional. Fresh fruit daily and I really like the Boba tea. My s/o and I come here when we want a yummy treat.
4	Pros: The price is right & the staff is personable & friendly. My food was okay. My eggs were perfectly cooked, which is surprising because it seems over medium is different everywhere. Cons: my waffle was slightly undercooked & had way too much butter on it. Plus, it was regular salted butter(bleh). Seizing as the waffle is the main part, it was kind of a bummer.  I'd probably give it another shot just with butter on the side.
5	Waffle Pizza and Boba, what more do you need. Never had anything less than stellar food here. Keep It Up Guys!
5	Best food, amazing friendly service. If you've ever had a genuine belgian waffle you know this is the only place to get one in town. The owners treat everyone like best friends. We always feel so welcome!
5	I had the pancakes with strawberries and it was awesome. Others in my group had waffles , chocolate chip pancakes and a fruit bowl.  All loved it.  Only warning: if you're looking at the hash browns be aware they are McDonald's style not restaurant style.  Would definately go back.
5	I have eaten here several times. The customer service is amazing and the food is very good. I really enjoy the atmosphere.
5	Love this place, been coming here for years! Tasty waffles and great customer service!
5	This place deserves 100 stars! They have the best waffles I have ever tasted. I have never once had a bad experience, my husband and I come almost every weekend. The staff is always so friendly and warm and the food comes out so quick. We love Waffles Cafe!
5	Great portions, fantastic sausages. Good bacon, good scrambled eggs, their breakfast sandwich is enough to feed a small village, in other words, its huuuuge. Their waffles are rather large as well. Much better then Ihop, easily. They have a large menu, lots of options, you can customize your waffles in many different ways. If you love M&M's..theres a topping for that. Overall great place. Cute inside. Good staff. Good drinks as well.
5	Great family owned place.  I loved the coconut pineapple smoothie.  Also the cool waffle variations like the waffle sandwiches and pizza.
5	This place is wonderful. I'm kind of a waffle snob. I hate going to places like IHOP or Dennys and getting a waffle which is nothing but a waffle shaped pancake. The waffles here are crisp on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. Just the way of waffle is supposed to be. The staff is always extremely friendly. There are times when they get busy that it's a little slower than others but overall not bad. The bacon is great. The waffle sandwiches are good and even their waffle pizzas are good. My daughters love their chocolate smoothies. This is a fun place to go and take the kids. They can order a waffle with ice cream and whip cream and chocolate syrup and fun stuff like that.The next time you think of going over to cracked egg or IHOP and waiting for an hour to be seated head over to waffles cafe instead. You will be pleasantly surprised.
5	This place is wonderful. I'm kind of a waffle snob. I hate going to places like IHOP or Dennys and getting a waffle which is nothing but a waffle shaped pancake. The waffles here are crisp on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. Just the way of waffle is supposed to be. The staff is always extremely friendly. There are times when they get busy that it's a little slower than others but overall not bad. The bacon is great. The waffle sandwiches are good and even their waffle pizzas are good. My daughters love their chocolate smoothies. This is a fun place to go and take the kids. They can order a waffle with ice cream and whip cream and chocolate syrup and fun stuff like that.The next time you think of going over to cracked egg or IHOP and waiting for an hour to be seated head over to waffles cafe instead. You will be pleasantly surprised.
