4	nothing beats the out-in-the-open cheese of a hooters...  that's why i love them.  the wings are pretty good too (naked, 3 mile sauce on the side).  what's to say about this one?  it's more of a local establishment--too far from the strip and other hotels to be touristy, but on the way back from golf courses.  as a hooters go, it's about average.  be sure to check out the army/navy store across the parking lot.  the shopkeep looks like he just got back from 'nam.
3	The food is just average,the service is pretty slow. So why is this place so popular? I can't figure it out. I've spent whole afternoonssitting at the bar,wondering about this. I'll probably keep going back until I solve this mystery.
2	BOOBIES + HOT WINGS = PARADISE!!!!!Theoretically, the above equation rings true.  Not so much at the Hooter's in Vegas.  From a dining standpoint, it sucked.  The service was very slow (how does it take 45 minutes to fry up wings!?), the coffee was served in styrofoam cups, the "plates" were wet (ewwwww).  The wings were pretty good, but not spectacular.Well...since the food sucked, BRING ON THE BOOBIES!  Again, disappointment.  Even the main attraction, the so-called "Hooter's Girls" were meh.  Lots of skinny legs, flat asses and fake hootie-hoos. I dunno. I just didn't get it.  Maybe cause our party consisted of two straight girls and a gay man, but I just wasn't terribly impressed with Hooters.
1	Regardless of where I was in Vegas, there was always that questionable orange Hooters tempo smacking me upside the cornea.  I look out my hotel window, my view? The hulking Hooters Casino. Walking down the strip, minding my own business, trucks with huge Hooters billboards beckon at every stop, not to mention 3/5 taxis have some form of Hooters advertising on them.  So after 4 days of constant bombardment, before heading off to the airport on day last, I decided to give Hooters a try.  It was dining misadventure.I was seated at the bar near a group of 4 guys that came in 1 minute before me.  30 minutes later, they had almost finished their wings and I still didn't have my food.  The bargirl who took my order re-assured me a couple of time that my wings+fries would be out soon. Rrrrright.  Honestly she was more interested in checking her cell for text messages and slacking off than getting me my food.  Shortly thereafter, I just walked out, hungry & disgruntled. Wiggity wack (tm)!!!Hypoglycemia never makes for a happy review or reviewer. 1 Star for all flash and no flava in my tummy!
3	Isn't this address incorrect? It should be 115 E. Tropicana Ave., Las Vegas NV 89109 no? Anyway, here's my review:Taking over the old Hotel San Remo property, Hooters had just opened on February 2, 2006, so quite simply, it gave us a good excuse to eat and stay there. Even though we got there fairly late (around 9PM), there was still a pretty hefty line wrapping around the side of the restaurant. The wait wasn't too bad though (we were let in less than 15 minutes later) so if you really want to eat here, stick around for a bit.The interior of the restaurant was bright and spacious, with color televisions sprinkled all around, and a definite & recognizable wood theme. There was even live music, trickling in from the bar next door.Read my whole column (with photos) here:http://www.world-wide-ed.com/2006/04/01/vegas-kine-grindz/
3	I came here on both a Friday and a Saturday night and there was not a girl to be seen here that wasn't wearing some hideous getup. Only dudes. Lots of Dudes. Dudes ranging from 25 to 85. The girls working here were not particularly attractive either - you'll find them working at B, Wynn, Mandalay or some of the other higher end places where they make more money in tips. Decor here is terrifying.Seems like a decent place for a deal on a cheap room though.
1	Much like their restaurant in San Francisco, I have no idea why people come here.  I started in the bar, and lo and behold, the wings suck here too.  I've never been dragged (and I always seem to be) to a Hooters where the good was even decent.  These ex-prom queens with nothing else going for them until they fall apart at 35 don't make up for a place that has crappy beer, crappy service, and crappy wings.The place was just trashy.  A bunch of gross men drooling over not-so-attractive women wearing ridiculous outfits.  The tables here are cramped to hell.  If you wear more than a size medium shirt, its going to suck for you.  One of the dealers the Blackjack table I was at got stuck with literally was on his 3rd day.  We where showing HIM how to play!  This is VEGAS!   If you can't add to 21 your in the wrong city!I got comped a bunch of stuff, and they keep sending me free night passes and I still refuse to go.   That is how bad this place is.
3	The hodge podge review I guess since there's so many parts to a hotel/casino.The rooms were a three, maybe even a two.  The beds aren't great and they're fulls instead of queens so it's not a great place to sleep 4 guys (we ended up grabbing a second room somewhere else).  In addition, there's a helicopter airport nearby.The poker room was pretty small, only one table going, and the tournament starts at 10 a.m.  so I never made it.The table games were also about a 3.  Some of the dealers are inexperienced.  I never played at the hooters girls as dealers tables either so  that wasn't the reason.The bar people were pretty friendly though, and gave comp drinks while you played video poker without making you do max bets like some of the other casinos.  Oh, also they actually do comp red bull and vodka while some other places charged for the red bull.It's also a poor choice for eye candy as a guy, since groups of girls aren't going to decide to stay there, and do you really need to go to Vegas to see Hooters girls?Basically the redeeming factor is the price/location.
3	Have you been to a Hooters restaurant? Okay, just make it a little bigger, and throw some slot machines, table games, and a little poker room in there. BAM, Hooters Hotel and Casino.The poker room has three tables. I don't mean, three games running usually, I mean, three tables total. They are, however, in the process of expanding the room, so that's good. They do have a daily tournament for $25, with a $10 ad-on, and a $5 rebuy. Unlimited rebuys in the first hour. It's just so darn hard to beat. I got close a couple times. The last time, I got knocked out on the bubble. I pushed all in with A/K, got called with A/J (nice call there, buddy) and the guy makes QUAD JACKS. At the end, the dealer says to him, "Geeze, anything else I can do for you?"  ,': )The food is, well, Hooters grub. They do have fried dill pickle chips, though, which I absolutely love.The room we stayed in was much nicer than I'd expected. The beds are only full-sized, but incredibly comfortable. And the service was excellent -- I called down for more soap and shampoo one morning, and it was at my door before I hung up the phone. (That's an exaggeration, but it was pretty darn fast.)What truly amazes me, though, is they have the Hooters poster girls working the table games. You can actually sit at Ms. Hooters International's table and have her deal to you. Reckon they gotta find some way to keep them busy in between photo shoots.The staff is always very friendly, and the pool area is really cool. Couple pools, couple hot tubs, a few sand pits, and two fire pits with seats arranged around them. I'll have to check it out now that it's warm enough to sit outside without the necessity of hot chocolate (or a hot Toddy).
4	Oh, the Hooters casino!  How hard did I laugh when I heard that the old San Remo was being renovated into a giant boobfest?  Oh, I laughed pretty hard.Now, let's get this out of the way to begin with:  The whole idea of Hooters is pretty offensive to my sensibilities to begin with.  My expectations were pretty freakin' low when I got pulled in there behind 2 of my more machoesque male friends.  I was strangely nicely surprised.Yes, there are Hooters girls everywhere and I could do without the little orange shorts.  It's also really, really bright in there thanks to the amount of orange everywhere.  It's just a really orange place; aptly enough, the club there is called Orange as well although it would probably take roofies to get me in that place.However, it had 3 things that I really liked:  1) The martini bar.  It was great!  The atmosphere isn't the exact thing I always go for, but I felt comfortable there.  Happily enough I discovered a college friend was the manager so I got some free libations.  2)  The pool!  It was February and we made our way out to the pool just because and to our delight found a fire pit set back from the deck with seating around it.  It was delightful!  3)  There was a bar inside with dueling pianos.  Not as impressive as the ones at the NY, NY but less crowded and with less expensive drinks.The non-Hooters amenities of this place were impressively impressive.
1	7 words: ROOMS WERE FREE, AND WE'RE STILL B*TCHING.I feel sorry for the sucker who pays $129 per night to stay at this dump.Man this place stinks...literally.  It used to be the old San Remo...now it's like an old lady who got a botched face lift from the guy who barely passed med school and now does back alley botox injections out of his pedo-van.The rooms have cockroaches, the showers are dirty - the shower heads have calcium lime build up, the closets don't have doors, the sinks are cracked, the paint is peeling.The dealers don't know the payouts (pay attention when you gamble there), the waitresses are pretty rude and aren't even Hooter-cute.  The only part that's decent is the pool area...and I hear there are some beginners who learn to play hold'em here.  Easy prey if you know which is higher - a straight or a flush.Delightfully tacky my ARSE...  this place gives HOOTERS a bad name.
3	I stayed a weekend in November, I couldnt belive the low rates (you know how the prices go so up Friday & Saturdays) , of course its not a fancy hotel, but I didnt find any big horrible things about it, its in a great location just right next door to the MGM (my fav. casino), and just a tip: to get from Hooters to MGM dont cross the street its kinda confusing, better walk over to the Tropicana (just next door to Hooters) and go up one floor and take the bridge that connects you directly to MGM. The rooms are nice and clean, just be aware that they will ask you for a refundable $50 deposit and they DONT take cash.
1	We chose Hooter's because we and 24 others were driving from SF to Las Vegas with classic hot rods in tow for a car show in Vegas, and Hooters was the only place that guaranteed us rooms together. Too bad they lied and our group was all over the place.Wish that was the worst of it, but no. The worst was the raw sewage they pumped out of the place 20 feet from the rooms. The putrid stench got into every pore and was the most disgusting thing you could ever imagine. Vomitting for all the wrong reasons makes this place a health hazard.Then there were the elevators that left you out on the wrong floor, that is, if they happened to be working at all.  It was a guessing game because Hooters never put an out of order sign up. Wanna guess how long it took to get up to your room since only 1 elevator was serving 18 floors of rooms in the Bayview Tower?Taking a shower was a hoot too. About every 40 seconds you would get blasted with a scalding shot of hot water, or an absolutely freezing shower of water. It turns out this is a long term problem they have known about, but refuse to fix. (That goes for the elevators and raw sewage issues too. They know, they just won't fix it.)Hotels I have stayed at in 3rd world countries haven't been this awful. To think this is an experience out of Las Vegas, NV is unimaginable..
2	I'm still not sure how or why I continue to let me family members book rooms when I go to Vegas, but for some reason I do.  The last trip we stayed at the Tropicana, quite the nightmare, but nothing compared to the ABSOLUTE SHITHOLE that is Hooters Hotel and Casino.  The elevators don't work most of the time.  The A/C never works in the hallway.  The place smells of mold, ass and old cigar smoke.  The rooms are on the smaller side and make sure you stay away from the bar stools in the corner as they are a death trap waiting to happen.  Just trust me on this one.  The rooms are also dirty, especially the bathroom.  My favorite are the little notes around the room.....Note #1 - We are trying to conserve power and energy, therefore, we would really appreciate it if you would use the same towel twice before we replace them.  (WHAT?!?!??  That's just gross, maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I didn't find blond hairs all over the bathroom.  By the way, those of us in this room all have dark hair.  Black more specifically)Did I mention the three tempature escalating shower I was introduced too.  Nice, Cold, HOTT!!  Nice, COLD, HOTTTT!!  and so on.....Note #2 - Again we are trying to conserve power and energy and would rather not change the sheets on every visit.  Face it, you don't change the sheets at YOUR house everyday, do you?  (Well no, but I also don't have left over blood stains on my comforter either)I understand the saving energy thing, but not in vegas, we are at a casino for fucksake.  Lights on and blinking 24 hours a day, yeah, way to save Hooters!!The food, well, disgusting, but it's Hooters what more could you ask for.Just a side note, I learned at Hooters that the gals, in the black shorts with their Hooters uniforms are the pregnant ones....I've never seen so many pregnant Hooters bitches in my life.  I just don't know how I feel about that.When all is said and done, I still give Hooters two stars for the $800 I won gambling, (did I mention I'm not a gambler) and the bartender "Guy" at the bar to the left when you walk in.  He was an awesome guy and a great bartender!!The best part of all, was knowing I only had to stay two nights, because my last two nights would be spent in a suite at the Venetian!!
5	Things I love about Hooters:1. Wings. 2. classy decor, with the signature logo (which is universally known as a sign of sophistication) and the surf-shack meets small town strip club theme.3. Hooters girls manning the table games and wandering around the place like lost little aerobics instructors - omg, those socks make my heart race.4. Pool - three pools of differing temperatures, sweet waterfall, and premixed tasty tropical drinks (with admittedly less alcohol than I would like). 5. Rooms - are nice, clean, orange and have comfortable beds.6. The Dam - A diner with a very educational theme- the Hoover Dam. Hey, it's a big deal, ok. Its an exact replica of a rocky mountain diner experience, complete with cracked-out looking waitresses in ugly gray uniforms serving decadent burgers, and they got you covered for breakfast with a great buffet. But what happened to the frosted flake french toast???7. Sense of humor - dont go to vegas without it. While most other hotels try to convince you that simply staying there and spending your money on their casino, overpriced rooms and nightclubs make you a sexy celebrity, Hooters does not front. You know you like scantily clad, cute but not TOO attractive girls serving you onion rings and dealing your blackjack. Hooters has a sense of irony and doesnt take itself too seriously and that makes the Vegas thing more relaxing and enjoyable.8. Did i say wings?9. Gift store- bring the old lady home a t shirt and she'll forget about that hooker you accidentally killed during a bachelor party.10. Dan Marino Steakhouse - need I say more?things i could live without - dudes at the pool bar whistling every time a girl walks by (even me, so you know they arent even picky), long waits at the Hooters restaurant, room rates have increased significantly for the weekend since last summer. Other than that, its delightfully tacky yet...totally fun.
4	This place is a great value. The first time I stayed here I payed $50/night. I like the fact that it is a small hotel, you don't feel like number like you do at the bigger hotels. For the price this place is great. Great pool and bars. The hot tub was never crowded. It actually was mostly empty, which was very nice, especially after walking all day! Great location because its close to all the big casinos (NYNY, MGM, Luxor, Tropicana.) I like the small size of the casino. I'm not sure I would gamble much here though. I've heard the card rules aren't as favorable here as other casinos. Must be because of the Hooters girls. Which, despite others telling me different, were very hot. The people at the front desk were very accommodating and let me check in early and check out late. Yes there were weird elevator issues, but I hardly cared. For $50 it was great deal. Obviously there are nicer places to stay but I had a great time staying here and will again even if I can't pay $50 every time.For me, Hooters always tops the other "big" hotels on the strip such as The Luxor for value.  That place, like a lot of the others, is just too mediocre to charge that much. Damn Las Vegas for getting so popular and charging so much. And damn you snobs for contributing to that trend by giving in and paying that much!
3	I'm not a huge Vegas person, but found myself having to go for a friend's mid-week wedding last month at the MGM. He arranged for a block of rooms at the Hooters right across the street, so I had no choice. Let's not fool anyone. Hooters is no 4/5-star hotel, but if you're looking for a cheap alternative to the ritzier hotels on the strip, then Hooters ain't so bad. The location's great -- right near all the action (I think... who knows? Like I said, I'm not a huge Vegas person.)As for the gambling... well, I don't really gamble, but I did watch my friend turn 60 bucks on a craps table into much more, so that's good. I spotted one of the poker dealers slightly struggle while dealing. Hmm... they may want to hire professional dealers and not just Hooters waitresses, which brings me to ---The Hooters Restaurant at the hotelI've had the not so distinct pleasure of visiting a few Hooters restaurants in 2 states. While they're not known for their culinary prowess, they at least have nice eye candy. Not in Vegas of all places. We had an unattractive, pregnant server who was fortunately not in typical Hooters garb. She was also a shitty, unattentive waitress. The place was not crowded, yet she barely visited our table to ask how everything was or refill our drinks.Surprisingly, the maids at the hotel were much friendlier. They would always say hello whenever I'd walk by. I thought this was very nice considering they're probably making slightly less than minimum wage.The rooms -- they're not so grand, but they're decent enough.All in all, this is a decent place to stay if you want to save some money and be close to hotels like the MGM, NY/NY, etc.
2	Man look at those ratings... Either love it or hate it...  Anyway, I was so excited to go here but was kinda let down because I expected it to be an extravagant LAS VEGAS all out type of deal but it just looked like an old run down hotel too far to walk to from with a new hooters sign...I mean the hooter girl slot machines and the big orange Jeep (or was it a hummer...) that was on display was pretty cool...Eh I was just expecting too much I guess?
4	OK, so it is not a place I would go for that romantic weekend.  But when in town on business, it is a smaller hotel, cheap, and rooms are pretty good. If you go online, they have room deals that give you coupons - including $25 gift cert for Dan Marinos.  Dan Marinos is not fine dining, but pretty good for a hotel restaurant.  (I recommend the ribs)  The Dam is a great place for breakfast or lunch.  The Hooters Restaurant is the usual (but I dont eat at them anywhere else ...).  There is the Bait Shop, where you can get coffee, sandwiches, salads, fruit, etc. quickly and easily.  The casino is small, but located down the street from the corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. From there you are at NY/NY, MGM, Excalibur and a tram ride away from Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  And the opening of the monorail makes the corner available to more.
4	I think I have had enough of all the Hooter-haters.  Seriously - if you want to be completely aroused during dinner, then go eat at a strip club.  The girls are not meant to be swimsuit models, otherwise they wouldn't be working at Hooters.  The point is, if you are going somewhere to drink beer and eat wings, you may as well have a girl with big hoo-hoos serving you.  She doesn't have to be a 10 for her to make it a more pleasant experience than getting beer and wings from some hurting girl somewhere else.So get over it, stop with the criticisms and enjoy yourself.Wings = good and cheap.Ham & cheese sandwich - surprisingly edible.Beer - same as everywhere else.Boobs - well above average.  Plus the view of the pool patrons while you are eating is a plus.I knocked off one star because the bartender was way too full of herself and wouldn't even smile while serving drinks.  She might be a Hooter-hater too.  If you're too full of yourself to work there, get the hell out.
3	Not the greatest hotel, but nice.  I went for a weekend get away with some friends.  We got a couple rooms.  The staff was very courteous.  We were able to leave our bags with the bellmen since we were there a few hours before check in.  It was a nice environment.  The rooms were nice.  They are Fulls but very soft.  The bathroom could use a little work but I enjoyed my stay.
1	Hmmm  1 star cuz i met the love of my life on this trip to Vegas.  the food was OK,  i was expecting so much more for ''The Hooters Casino" being the hooters connoisseur that i am.  long wait and there seemed to be plenty of tables.  our waitress was stuck up and messed up our orders and did not come to the table more then once.  also the food took forever to come out.  very disappointed,  This was August 2006.
2	The casino: It has my new favorite slot machine! Deal or No Deal.  There's something about opening up those silver briefcases that really gets your adrenaline going. It's awesome. Other than that, the casino is small and a little too smokey for me. The restaurant: The service was super slow. It really shouldn't take that long to defrost chicken wings and slap some hot sauce on them. It took at least half an hour for our order to come out and when it did, our food was cold. Maybe it's because the Hooters girls were too busy taking pics with the bachelor party in the corner. The hot wings weren't very good anyway. I've had better ones at El Torito (which isn't saying much).
3	It was good... nothing over the top special.  And, nothing really to complain about either ;)  I'd give another .5 star if I could... but as we all know, I "can't" so a 3 star it is! ;)I had the clam chowder soup which was really good!  And, a caesar salad, which was good/average.  The fries and wings were also good/average.  I think it must have been mating season a few months back, because a couple of the "Hooters" had an "Owlet" on board! ;)  Was kinda funny considering the "Boobie" concept at "Hooters" - it must kinda change the way the guys are thinking with those particular Hooters ;)  lolOverall everything was good, service was friendly (our Hooter girl was one of the ones with an Owlet :)
3	It's human to look at other people when your "With" someone. The man looks, I look and sometimes I look with him.  He wanted to know why I was taking him to Hooters.      I grew up in Florida and Hooters is like Chili's with hot girls. It has never been that big of a deal. The Casino is kinda trashy and looks old. All the girls are decked out in the Hooters girl uniform of hot shorts and tanks. I guess it keeps the gamblers distracted? The clientele is mostly male or couples who enjoy Nascar.     We ate at  the restaurant and sat at the bar. The bartenders seemed kinda surly. I guess I wouldn't be so peachy if creepy guys were staring at me all day either. We ordered wings and a couple of vodka sodas. The wings like at all Hooters were pretty good. Our drinks were so bad! She made us vodka with sprite? Ew! It was an okay experience.        So, to answer the man's question. The reason why I brought him here was to see  all the hot girls in Vegas that work in one place and be scantily clad. With all that eye candy he realized that he was very lucky!
2	I know that the whole drive of Hooters is to be served by beautiful women in short shorts and big boobs, but do they have to be dumber than a fifth grader too.  And seriously these girls boobs are smaller than mine, and I wear a very padded B cup.The wings were good, but the after party was all bad.  I was afraid to pump and grind with any one because of the rawness that was leaking out of my ass all night.  Its been a week and my trips to the toilet are still not back to normal.
1	Booooooooooooooooooo! That Place Smells Funny.  I don't know what the smell was. At 4:00am in the morning...  most of the testosterone has worn out and they are asleep re-energizing.  I am glad I did not go Prime Time.There were no Hooter Girls there...  Asleep.  I did buy a Tee-shirt off the sale rack in the Golf Pro Shop in back.  I am glad I walked the length of the Casino.  It is small.  The gift store at the entrance is much better stocked.  There were some cute gurl tops.  I bought a Hooter Tee for $15.00 Regularly $32.00.  I also bought some hair gel, it was decently priced.ok Bedtime...I am going to UNLV in da mornin'  I will be writing some more Yelp Las Vegas REviews....laters...Infodiva in the 702 Las Vegas Nevada Airport Code LAS  I left my HEART in San Francisco.
3	The damn resturant is a very good place to eat cheap . The hooter girls are better than the ones we have here.  This place is'nt the first place i would go to gamble that is mgm.  However susan said their where readnecks and was waiting for the tractor pull lol.  Thats funny I live on a farm and still fit in at Pure and tryst with the high end people . Its vegas part of it is that you get to enjoy all types of people. Your proably just mad because those rednecks would'nt give you the time of day.  Hooters looks for rednecks and sports fans, not ho's who spend more money on makeup than blackjack.
2	AT THE MOST TWO STARS!!!  What a dive, I booked my staff there trying to save some money for the year for a convention last week.  I love the location, just 5 minutes from the Mandalay Bay Convention center, but what  a sacrifice of quality.  The minute you walk into the casino, it reaks of smoke and seems to be an attractions for what seems like the homeless.  We parked in the back and left via poolside as much as possible.  The rooms were corny and cheap, but clean and surprisingly quite. The girls dealing were really not all that good looking, just silicone filled.  This place was pretty much a big disappointment.
2	This place is dirt cheap!!! The parking lot is scary as heck.  There is a very small self-park lot out front and a garage adjacent to the hotel.  The garage is very high - maybe like 7-8 stories but is so freakishly small.  After spending 10 minutes try to find a parking spot on the 7th floor, my friends and I enter the elevators and pray not to die as the shaft is shaking and making funny weird noises.  Besides praying for our safety,    we are holding our breath because there is a smell combination of vomit, urine, and shit - no kidding!  Anyways, besides the parking situation, the casino is small and decent.  They were running this suited blackjack promotion where if you got a suited bj, you got a free Rush Hour 3 DVD.  My friends and I ended up winning around 10 and selling them to tourists from Canada for a few bucks. Moving on, I did not stay in their hotel rooms but based on the casino, I would much rather go somewhere else unless its free.  There's no reason to come to Hooters besides to eat their fat inducing hot wings.  There is also no "eye-candy" here... if you want to see very beautiful cocktail waitress go to Bellagio or Wynn.
3	Wow, they'll let anybody open up a hotel, huh?  I guess I'll just wait for the Walmart hotel or Google hotel.  Or better yet, how about the Yelp hotel!  Sweet!As for this restaurant, it's pretty much the same as any other hooters.  The wings are good (not great) and beer flows freely.  The women are scantily clad and the "A" team is good and the "B" team isn't half bad either.  However, the "C" team is ugly.  One thing that they do different here is that they take a picture when you walk in.  You take it with like 3 or 4 girls, but when you actually see the picture, there's like twice as many.  What's that about?!?!Side note:  I won $250 on the 25 cent Wheel of Fortune machine.  Give it a shot and see if you can win more money to infuse back into the Vegas economy.
2	I want an Owlzilla and I want one now *stomps feet*Fat bastard wouldn't sell me one and they are the only good thing about this place.  (Except for wings, read below)The casino is the size of a peehole.  The girls do not have hot hootz or hot asses.  Fuhglee bitches in tight orange shorts, shiny hosiery (that's pantyhose for hos), ohhh, you all know the uniform.Service is slow.  The bartender chick was ugly and rude and poured weak drinks, and I was PAYING for these drinks.  I understand to order beer if I'm gambling, but my pretty lil ass was sitting at the bar and I expect some vodka with my soda, thank you very much.Why two stars????  Because after 11pm, they serve 10 chicken wings for $2.50 and I'm a girl who likes a bargain.  The 9-1-1 wings were pretty spicy.  Almost a lil too spicy, but darn tasty.Never again Not So Hot Hootz-ers, unless I'm nearby and craving wings.
1	Right away, minus four stars because I'm a woman with some self respect. What an idiotic theme for an unfortunately wildly successful brand name. Ugh.This is the former San Remo Hotel, which I used to love for their authentic Sushi restaurant, but in Vegas tradition, which is, there is no Vegas historical society really, it was torn down and built into this dive.I have to agree with other reviewer, parking lot was totally scary, dark, no security, totally open spaced to walkways, especially scary for a woman walking into an entire building dedicated to the hatred of women.One star only because of proximity to Strip and surprisingly  the cocktail waitresses are some of the most covered up and conservative that I've seen in Las Vegas. Other hotels have the chicks walking around in g-strings and I stand WAY too close to their asses on the casino floor, but here they're wearing little shorts and a little jacket. Disgusting clientele of leering men wondering why you are here, women looking at me thinking, why is she here? Does she work here? Is she looking for her friends? Why are her friends here? I was here to see the mentalism show.I noticed the other show they offered was of a disgusting comic that was very 1950's sexist racist, so it is consistent with Hooters theme.Paid for a $10 drink in the showroom that looked renovated and nice, but I had to walk out of the Mentalism show after 15 minutes, I've seen better high school magic acts, and I wouldn't wish anyone sitting through a high school mentalism act.While walking out, noticed that the casino was pretty dead. Thank God, maybe this place will close down soon.
3	If you're expecting luxury and a quiet stay you'll be disappointed. However, if you're looking for a good value near the strip then this will fit the bill. I've stayed here 4 times so far and found the rooms to be clean and service to be ok. The restaurants are not worth it. The breakfast diner probably has THE worst breakfast buffet I have ever had (look up Hash a Go Go on Sahara Ave for an awesome eat) and I can guarantee that Dan Marino hasn't set foot into his namesake restaurant in a long time, but it's tough to beat the location and convenience of being right on the strip. I travel to conferences in Vegas every now and then and have found it to be an overall decent place to stay.
1	Damn you, Priceline!Don't get me wrong, I love a good Priceline deal.  Most hotels I found through Priceline have been cheap and better than expected.    However, in this case, my experience was a big fat disappointment.  It is partially my fault, because I failed to read the disclaimers.  You see, about 12 months ago, Priceline changed their hotel "zones" from "North Strip" to "North Strip & Vicinity" and from "South Strip" to "South Strip & Vicinity."  Oh boy.The last two times I was in Vegas (Final Four Weekend and Kentucky Derby Weekend), I was unfortunate enough to have been relegated to the "vicinity."  I am talking about Hooters Hotel and Casino, formerly known as San Remo Hotel.  The Hootel, as I like to call it, is located just behind Tropicana and just across the street from MGM Grand.  The location is really not that bad.  Besides, I only paid $69/night, which my friends found to be hilarious in itself.However, was it a good value?  NO!!!!The Hootel is worse than you can imagine.  Only one of the two elevators in our tower worked.  The Hootel seemed to have a shortage of hand towels and regular sized towels.  When we called housekeeping, they promptly brought us more bath towels.  Hmmm.  The towels weren't even all that white.  Hmmm again.  The latch on my balcony door wasn't working.  Hmmm one more time.  The walls are paper thin, so you can hear a lot of what's going on in the adjacent rooms.  Hmmm and shrug.  We stayed on a non-smoking floor, but the "no smoking" designation must have included tobacco only, because the distinct smell of marijuana emanated from the hallway (I am talking to you, obnoxious guests in Room 1008).  Hmmm and sniff-sniff.The room itself is a sight to see.  It's not your average Zach and Cody's suite at the Tipton Hotel.  It's more like Hannah Montana's after-school Malibu hangout . . .  if she and her friends wore orange shorts and served you beer and chicken wings.  (OK, even I don't know where this analogy came from).Have you ever dreamed of having your own Hooters Restaurant in your house, without the women or chicken wings?  Well, your fantasy is realized right here, in your very own Hooters hotel room.  Your room decor will feature tables and backboards made of unfinished wood, bright orange lampshades, a painting of a Hooters restaurant on the wall, a fake palm tree, and ... an orange bar stool and a bar table right in your room!!!  Score!Unfortunately, no amount of orange decorations could make up for the white trash appeal of this hotel.  The clientele of this Hootel is unbelievably white trash.  Never in my life have I seen so many Harley Davidson and Lynyrd Skynyrd t-shirts on a casino floor.  Every group of frat boys checking in had a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon or Bud in tow.  Women had questionable tattoos and wore Daisy Duke shorts.  Casino featured neon lights and an original Alan Kulwicki's NASCAR vehicle.  I kept hearing Jeff Foxworthy's "You might be a redneck if . . . " routine in my head.  'Nuff said.I love a good bargain, but this isn't it.  Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $10-30 a night on a real hotel room.  I am never staying here again, EVER.
1	j: i have an idea!!! let's go to hooters and munch on some wings!!!everyone else: yes! genius! let's go!! oh man, i'm drooling already!we march happily over to the end of the strip. drinking the rest of whatever we have in hand. smiles on faces and stomachs waiting for that awesome moment it's filthy full. drunken stumble into the hooters casino. my face is red with glee and happy from all the chicken i'm about to indulge in...dozens of arms fly up into that air: what?!?! no chicken wings?!?!?!jew gooottaa be keeding me?!lame!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want my 911's and garlic wings, and let's not forget the satisfying carrot and celery sticks, yeah i eat those, happily too!!!fugly hooters girl: can i interest you in our fine dining experience? the restaurant is owned by dan marino.p: ha! we are drunken fools who just wanted to stuff our faces with some chicken wings and nasty beer. do you really want us in your "fine dinging" hall trying to act as proper as possible in our state, when we're not proper when sober??? no thanks, we'll just head out the doors now. (all while i'm thinking in my head: was her selling point "fine dining" or "owned by dan marino?!?!" was this bitch really thinking that either of those things or both could sell us?? i still ponder this thought when this experience is recalled by my memory)granted it was about 430 in the am. but who isn't drunk in vegas as this time, craving some food?!?! maybe not good food, but chicken wings are just one of the best drunken foods ever.we ended up walking back to polo towers, of course stopping by mgm, to gamble a bit more, then stopped by micidee's to fulfill our hunger. and let me tell you, it was the best mcdonald's meal i've ever had! this beats the moments when i was 10 and could scarf down 2 big macs, supersized fries and a large coke. man those were the days!! where i could eat anything and everything and not gain a pound.back to the subject at hand:this place isn't even worthy of one star, but i have to according to yelp rules. now i didn't stay at this forsaken hotel, but i have (sad to admit) stayed here when it was san remo. the place is a dump. scratch that, that's an understatement if i've ever heard of one. if you've ever walked into this place you can see the flies and roaches packing their bags to go to another hotel on the strip.a hooters in vegas that doesn't serve chicken wings 24/7, blasphemy!!!
2	Being in Vegas with 3 other lads we decided not to break from stereotype and pop in here to get something to eat, so I can't comment on the Hotel itself or the gambling.The whole casino is done out in the typical Hooters style (i.e. barn like) the ceiling is very low and the place felt kinda small and cramped in comparison to other casinos.We had to queue for about 30mins to get seated, this was despite the fact there were at least 4 or 5 tables free at anyone time whilst we were in the queue.  When we did get to the front of the queue the waitress stood right in front of us, ignored us for 5mins whilst she had a conversation with another waitress about their boyfriends.  In general the service was awful and the chicken wings we ordered turned up cold.  Otherwise the food was "ok" and our waitress (once seated) was enthusiastic if perhaps a little irritating.Wouldn't bother going again.
1	Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
1	shitty self rated hotel online. WTF are they thinking? 3 stars for this hotel? the place has no lobby, ugly women (even though they did meet the requirements of big sagging boobs, they are still disgusting), and horrible room. You get into this hotel and you see a bunch of drunks that can't manage to walk straight because they drank to much beer. these people seem to get attracted by the ugly women.
3	Maybe it's because I was with a group of non-picky college kids, but I thought this place was pretty OK.   Or maybe it was the fact we barely spent any time in our rooms....sleep?  In Vegas?   NEVAH!Highlights:  pool, hot tub, seeing people have sex in the hot tub from our 7th(ish?) floor room, seeing people have sex in a room (open windows, lights on) across the way from us, beds big enough to fit 3-4 of us per bed (squeeeeeeeeze), and girls in orange shorts EVERYWHERE!  What's not to love?Okay okay, so it's kindof skeez, but its HOOTERS, what did you expect, really?  Class?  Forget about it.
3	For being THE Hooters restaurant in the Casino, this place did not stack up to normal Hooters' restaurants across America. The service was decent, but the food just did not taste as good as normal. We stayed there for a few nights (we are locals, this was cheap and while our house did not have water for laundry repair) and ended up eating there twice. I usually LOVE the buffalo chicken sandwich, and both times it was very dry, and pretty much sauce-less and taste-less. Normally, I love this sandwich and its smothered. My boyfriend got salads both times which were much better. I'd say this is the worst Hooters we have ever been to.
4	I couldn't stand the Casino inside the MGM where I was staying because I couldn't get a drink to save my life and the dealers were not friendly and rude.I walked across the street to play blackjack at Hooters. The dealers were friendly and drink service was adequate. The first night I tripled my money and the second night I lost it all, plus some. It's Vegas baby. Although I would say the Pit Boss was a dweeb. A guy at my table had a handful of $100 chips. He asked for a $500.00 chip and was told to go to a better table and he'd get what he wanted. If your seat is hot, why move. Why make this guy hold a handful of chips. Dummy.
2	I love Hot wings.  love love love hotwings, and although I AM a chick - I still dig going to Hooters, and from what I've learned there is a HUGE HUGE difference between locations for quality of food.This one is at the low end of my rating scale - although our server Tiffany was one of the nicest and most knowledgable of servers we have had yet in any of the locations.The wings (911 and 3mile) 's sauce was almost gritty like sand in texture and the celery was limp.  The battered shrimp were rather soggy too (as if they were not frozen all the way thru prior to cooking)Not a great one, but from what I learned not a francise - one of the 'staple' locations. Which makes me wonder - which has better food, the chicken or the egg?
4	You're a block off the strip, paying 1/3 what you would across the street at the MGM. The rooms are clean, the service is friendly, the pool is pretty darn good. Luxury hotel/casino it ain't - put it into perspective, expect to get what you pay for and you'll probably think you got a good (or at least decent) deal. Very similar to a lot of the "old strip" hotels.  For us, (I'm an almost-30 female, he's a 40 male), we love hooters and have been there three times. And, we're not white trash - I didn't notice a "white trash" clientele, but we've only been out there for Jimmy Buffett shows across the street, so that crew may overwhelm the other crew. Don't get me wrong. If I can hotwire a room at one of the mega-casinos, I'd do it in a heartbeat. But I'm not spending 400 a night to spend one hour awake a day in my room when I can get into hooters for 100. In the tower rooms, the beds are comfortable (surprisingly so), the rooms are clean (if a little cheesey, but it's a HOOTERS, for goodness sake - are you expecting crystal?) and everyone (staff and guests) seems relaxed and happy. In the casino, it's about the only place you'll find $10 blackjack on a Saturday night, drink service is fast and friendly and dealers were having fun. The pool is decent and clean (the hot tubs were a little gross looking IMHO), and the waitresses around the pool kept our drinks -- even when we were simply rehydrating with water -- full.Food-wise, being a vegetarian, I got a little sick of grilled cheese sandwiches (which was my only option at both dan marinos and the hooters restaurant). But the MGM is a short walk across the street, with its more extensive food court and options. Bottom line? If you're not high maintenance and looking for a laid-back place that's a good deal and walking distance to most of the other places you'll be going, give it a try. If you're thinking you're getting a stereotypical Vegas strip casino at a cut rate - go for it, and then come back on here to write your complaint. It is what it is, and what it is really isn't all that bad.
4	The Hooters Casino isnt a very far walk from the strip and lacks the bells and whistle of the nicer casinos, but overall it was pretty fun to gamble at! While walking up and down the strip, we could only find $10 black jack tables, but at Hooters, they had $5 black jack tables so that was right up our alley!The dealers were all SUPER nice and very imfortative to a novice player like me. In the end,  my husband and I both lost our $50, but we made it last quite a bit and it offered lots of entertainment time.We also saw a show for The Mentalist. I dont know if it's real, but it was certainly believeable and really cool! Check it out if you're lookin' for something to do :o)
2	Are you serious?  Hooters sold enough hot wings to open a Hotel/ Casino/ Hooters?  Well, they hired enough *ahem* talent  to pawn off their mediocre wings across the country.  Gotta admit though that they have some hot waitresses here.  Food still sucks.  Might as well enjoy the view while I choke down the food.
2	The one and only reason why we stayed here.....25 dollars a night for a room? Yeah....I'm a Hooters Girl somewhere else and we get a fat discount.Never again I'm going on vacation to a place where your room looks like your work....aahhH!!!! I came back more stressed out than I left!Nightmare.The only good thing, it's next to the strip so that's a plus...and the company I brought with me was the best.And to whoever said the "self-respect" thing....we actually wear more clothes than a lot of restaurants! If you are from LA....go to Saddle Ranch, you'll see what I mean!And how could I forget! The girls....OH   MY   GOD. Horrid....Hideous? Whichever you prefer! They looked like 35 year old single moms....ex coke heads... seriously.....no thanks
1	Hooters is a crappy hotel! The wings aren't even that great! Try Terrible's wings (see my review) and you'll be glad you did. The hotel looks cheesy on the outside & is just as cheesy on the inside. They try to sucker people in with the Hooter girls as dealers & waitresses bending and giving everyone a peek at their business. Big deal! You can see that sh!t from thousands of chicks on the strip....not to stray but have you seen the way most chicks are dressing in Vegas these days! Yikes! It's gotten so that you can't tell which ones are the "working girls" and which ones are the visitors. But anyway, back to hooters schemes to get'cha in to their casino. $100 free slot play! You see it all over Vegas..on cabs, billboards, etc. I guess it worked on us because we went here for that reason and that reason alone (probably not for the males in our party though who were finally more than willing to go!)! Do I smell something fishy, and I don't mean the females here, or what?! Waste of time? YES! You sign up for the players card and then you MUST play at the 12 designated machines they have for this "$100 free play" promo. Then you play the hundred in $2 slots & if you win you can't keep the money! Only if the money reaches over 2400 (or something like that) in credits. Then you get an amazing $50! Don't waste your freaking time! That money flies in like 2 minutes. Spend your time and money going to a better casino!!! And fellas, if T & A is what you seek than tour the strip! Seriously.
4	I finally got to come here myself!!  Me and two friends broke off from the rest of the group and monorailed it over here when we were in Vegas.. I had to see it! It looks great from the outside all lit up in the Vegas city lights!  We walked in and went alllll the way through... I blew a bunch of money in the bait and tackle shop in the back... then went and stood in the crazy long line to get a Hooter's players card... I've never seen a line so long for a player's card... EVER!  but I roughed it out and waited, got my card and my coupons... then realized that if I had waited until after getting my card I would've gotten 25% off my purchase!  oh well... Then we went and ate at the Hooters... insdie Hooters... we sat in the back next to the windows that overlooked the pool.. Only bad thing, it was really windy and getting dark so there weren't any pooltime hijinx to witness, but the pool area looks great with a waterfall and there's even outdoor seating for the restaurant out there...The restaurant doesn't have the teriyaki version of the chicken like we do in Campbell but aside from that it seems prettttttty similar... Our waitress wasn't in the usual Hooter's garb... they seem to be in a football jersey kind of motif...So... when I go back to Vegas in October we're staying in one of their 2 story bungalows, so there will be another review to come =)  Strangely enough I found that to be cheaper than anything else for the weekend we're visiting...
4	I have to say, for being my first time in Vegas, the Hooters Hotel and Casino was a really good place to stay - it didn't have the wild experience, and it was at the end of the strip.  Next time I probably would want to be more in towards the middle of the strip when I stay in Vegas, but this place did me just fine.  The room we were staying in at Hooters was pretty screwed up though.  We had issues with the bathroom from when we first got there.  I had just driven 5 hours in from Phoenix (after a quick stop at the Damn) - and wanted to shower.  We took showers, and noticed that the water wasn't draining in the tub.  So I told the front desk that this was happening.  They said they would be sending someone up - so we left, went and walked around - had dinner, etc and did the nightly Vegas thing.We came back, went to bed, woke up and went to take showers only to notice that the shower was still doing the same thing.  I went back downstairs, told them the story, and off we went again, as they said someone would be back up to fix it.  We came back after breakfast and I checked the shower - it worked!  I flushed the toilet, and it didnt flush.. WTF Mate?Anyway - I go back downstairs, now a little bit pissed (It takes a lot to get me mad, and If I'm frustrated, I get what I want).  So I went downstairs, talked to the person at the desk - didnt like the response of, "We'll send someone back up.."  So I talked to a manager and told him we either wanted a new room, or we were going to another hotel - and we were upgraded to a better room.Now normally this would look bad, but I like a place that actually listens to customers.  I never asked for an upgrade or a better room the first two times I went down there.. I really didn't want to move my bags.  So the third time, I just didnt want to deal with it anymore.  So we ended up getting an upgrade, and something like 20% off the entire bill, which I was completely satisfied with.The rooms are actually really nice too.  They make you feel like you are in a Hooters (shocking, I know) and the hotel staff is generally very friendly and accommodating.  The pool outside looked great, although it was a bit below swimming temperature for me at the time, but again - it looked great with the outdoor bars and everything.The casino is nice too.  A little bit cramped in some spots, but a nice feel to the place.  And again, its nice to be in a casino and see hooters girls a plenty!Whether you are staying at their hotel or not, you have to at least check it out.  It is worth it!
1	Very very disappointed at the girls here... I would have expected them to be of finer quality here then at other hooters establishments, but they were worse!!  Of the 20 or so girls there, they did not live up to the "name" you "look" for. I think all the attractive girls went to make more money elsewhere in Vegas.Onto the food...  the wings are pretty good as always, but the fries they gave us were sooooooooooo cold!!  And the girls I was with would not let me send them back for fresh ones (they didn't want them to defile the new fries).
5	I was hammered when I got here and we wandered right in for 25 cent wings after midnight. We ordered 150 of them and fed the homeless guy who was next to us. We left full and happy and as we walked out, they were blaring Journey, so we scream-sang at the top of our lungs.The girls weren't any better or worse than the rest of the strip and the inside looks like, duh, a Hooters. If you don't know what you're signing on for here, go elsewhere.
4	While I don't think I would stay here, our friends were and it has a pretty good little casino. Easy to get a drink, the girls were friendly, the games seemed to pay out pretty good for us, and.... 25 cent wings in the wee hours of the night. It wasn't bad for parking our asses down in front of a table with a drink and cigarette pre/post hitting the strip.
3	I came to Hooters this weekend with a preconcieved bad attitude about the hotel. Maybe it was the old San Remo Hotel location and the roaming gang of thugs that would steal stuff from peoples rooms "in the old days."Maybe it was just the name and the concept of "Hooters" ......But  $79.00 with added buffet coupons and "free slot play" on a Saturday night did not seem like a bad deal.I wondered how the hooters chain could have improved the hotel after taking over from the San Remo.I was very much surprised a how nice the room was. The "Ocean view" rooms sported a California beach look with  wood planking and beach looking furniture.Hey, the bed was OK, so no problem.......Bathroom was standard with no problems, so once again - no problem.The 200.00 in free slot play is a scam. You go to "special promotional machines and if you hit the big jackpot on three reals you win a 100, or even 1,000. Otherwise nothing else counts .....It is kind of like the free pull machine at the four queens casino downtown. You know you are never going to win, but you keep doing it each time you visit anyway. I doubt very much if they pay off one or two hundred a day.   But that is another issue ......The check in was easy and quick. The hotel peopel were friendly and accomodating.All in all not a bad stay.Might do it again one day.
3	So, I got a group of friends together to go to Vegas with me to ring in my 30th year of life. I had to keep in mind that some people are on a budget with kids, mortgages, etc. Bingo! Hooter's came up on my search. I'm not one of those women that are scared of Hooter's girls, so I didn't hesitate booking our stay there.When we arrived, I noticed the place was FULL of men. Perfect place for a single girl to stay! We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff who upgraded our rooms to "Ocean View" rooms due to my sheer awesomeness....ok I don't know why they upgraded us, but it was cool.My room was clean and comfy with a nice view. My bed was comfortable, nothing cushy or posh, but comfortable. The only things I would change would be to replace the carpet because it's old, brighten up the hallways a bit, and update the elevators. Other than that it's a cool little hotel. If I'm ever breezing in and out of Vegas again, I'll probably stay there to save some dough. It's nothing fancy, but it's a clean, budget friendly place to stay.
1	my last review, i didn't want to give this place any stars, so this review, i'm giving it one. they finally got wings!!! since it's the middle of the night and we're pretty red in the face, we order 50 medium and 50 hot with some fries. only to be disappointed that we get 50 medium and 20 hot. ummmm, wtf?!?!and we got some dude as our waiter. no hooters girls here?!?! isn't that everyone expects?
3	I stayed here back in October but here's the dish...I was supposed to be staying in the bungalows which once you look at them just look like some variety of run down apartments and/or those little hotels across from Disneyland... My friends got there at the end of their honeymoon... so a couple days before us... and they were having a... get this... "cricket infestation" in the bungalows so they had to "upgrade" us to a regular room...  ahaha.. upgrade.. I guess so... It was a regular ol room with two beds, the rooms were renovated which apparently entailed putting orange lamp shades over most of the lamps, changing it to a Florida feel, putting a little bit of wooden accents, and adding a hooters orange barstool.  All in all, nothing special but it did the trick... the elevators on the other hand were creepy and one of them broke once or twice the weekend we were there.. that's a no go!  The service was ok, we could track down the cleaning ladies for towels in the morning... when we went to pick up our baggage from holding it took a good 20 minutes before I was able to reach over the desk, grab one of their walkie talkies, and finally press enough annoying buttons to get someone to notice what was going on... The bad thing about the casino part is when you get their players card it's like a one time thing.  You can earn a billion points to get the owl that is impossible to buy but aside from that not a whole lot going on with the card.  When you first get it there's $200 in free slot play on their designated slots and a few coupons but after that you're out on a limb.  And you can't check your point balance online or anything so I don't really know how it benefits you once you're out of vegas... I love Hooter's really, got to take a ton of pictures with the random hooterness stuff like the escalade, hummer golfcart, and random surfboards... If I have to I'll stay here again but you have to walk across to MGM or farther if you want to get going Vegas status... Hopefully next time I'm in Vegas they don't lose another star =P
2	Been here twice in two years.  Not a big fan.  It's ironic, but both times I was walking over there, people were leaving who were complaining about how awful the place is.I certainly didn't think it was awful, but nothing really jumped out and got my attention either.  It's just kind of "there".  Give me a reason to come back, Hooters!!
1	The only reason why I went here was for the 25 cent wings, cheap and open at odd hours in the night/morning. Going up the elevator was a thrill in itself, it looked so old and beat up, I was seriosly afriad that it was going to fail any second and I was going to drop to my death. The whole hotel looked like it could give you 25 different venerial diseases just by walking through it. I was unimpressed with the service, and the servers all had an lack of interest with their job. One of my friends when here before and had the most terrible service. Another table was seated 15 minutes after her, got and ate their food and then even paid for their bill before she even received her order.  The chicken seemed like it came from a farm which needed to be shut down for animal cruelty. Many of the wings were broken, I had a wing which had a couple feathers still attached to it. Barely passable as food, go here only if you have drunk munchies and you need to fill up with a few bucks. I would suggest to order the wings breaded, and no sauce.
3	Another yelper said they were giving out 10 Free Wings to new Rewards card members so I decided to take full advantage.I signed up for the Rewards card & got a funbook. It gave me $100 free slot play-i lost, 10 free wings, and 2 for 1 beer. So I went to Hooters had some wings and a steak sandwich. The food was decent-good meaty hot wings, i had them 3 mile island style.the atmosphere was incredible, and the price was just right. 20 wings, steak sandwich,4 beers less than $20There is a little bit of a wait since this place is packed but they have lots of TV's and the pool has a bar and firepits.Good food,limited menu but good prices so close to the strip.Hooters girls arent what they used to be, all the girls here look under 21 and they aren't so scntily clad as most cocktail waitresses in other casinos.The steak sandwich wasnt charbroiled but it was still fairly good, the wings were big and juicy wit ha little crunch, i liked them.The pool & the porch is the best seat in the house. Theres lots of Tv's everywhere to make sure you can catch the game from any seat in the house.
1	I got food poisoning here just a couple of days ago when I was here for New Years. Maybe we sat across each other and didn't even know it, Kallie. I had the hot breaded wings with ranch and a vodka/ cranberry. The service was non-existent and/or cranky--I was never asked for a refill. However, I refilled the toilet several times New Years Eve thanks to Hooters.
3	I'll preface my remarks by saying that I didn't actually stay at Hooter's myself.  A buddy of mine who was in Vegas at the same time I was and stayed there.  I was at another hotel and visited to take a look around.All I can say is, Wow!  I never would have though that they could have made a hotel so much like a restaurant!  The signature orange colors and wood flooring are seen throughout the casino, restaurants and rooms.  They've even got small tables and stools in the rooms like they do at the restaurant!  I never would have believed it!The pool area looked nice, although a little rundown.  This was in Dec 2008, so it may have just been that the cold weather and the winds that were blowing through were keeping things from looking perfect.I'd equate the rooms to a Red Roof Inn or Days Inn.  Nothing at all fantastic.  Standard, uncomplicated bedding.  Chips and scratches in the paint and signs of being somewhat rundown.  Nothing too scary, but noticable.From what my buddy said the "free slot plays" are kind of cheesy.  You're required to use certain machines to play, have to play with higher amounts, and can't really make too many choices for yourself.  He was not particularly impressed.We did nosh on the breakfast buffet on our last day (thanks 2-for-1 coupon!) and it was decent.  Much what I would expect a Hooters restaurant to serve if they served breakfast.  They also had great buffalo wing deals after 12 midnight, but by the time we were done hitting the town we pretty much just crashed as soon as we got back, and never made it to the tables.Basically I'd say that you get what your pay for.  My buddy paid something like $39/night for the room and understood that that wouldn't be getting him a stay in a 5-star joint.  But when you're out on the town most of your trip and don't spend too much time in your room, is an expensive room worth it???
2	This casino hotel is not that bad. I just have experienced better. The room is tolerable. The casino is small and smoky. The elevators are kind of scary. The parking garage is old and sucky. I do not mind walking so the distance from the Strip is not that bad. I would not pay more that 40 a night though.
2	Never been to a Hooters before, but wasn't impressed =\. The chicken was just chicken, but delicious all the same. Their spice levels are a lot lower than what I am used to associating with "hot" and whatnot, so that's something you might want to keep in mind...if you have a decent spice tolerance, just go all the way and get the Three Mile Island (which I think is the spiciest). Drinks were horribly overpriced and watered down, and I didn't find the waitresses to be much to look at either; would have thought Vegas would be the cream of the crop. All in all, I suppose the place accomplishes what it sets out to accomplish, and it was definitely a memorable experience (i.e. buxom waitresses hopping up and down singing happy birthday to my friend)...but Vegas definitely (and obviously) has better dining options to offer. And there's a whole Hooters hotel?? Craaazy.
2	Don't bother going to this Hooters for the food. Only go if you are going for the whole "Delightfully Tacky" theme and even then the dealers in the casino are way better looking then the servers. So  I guess save your money for gambling and wait until midnight to eat 25 cent Hooters wings at Dan Marino's.
4	I stood at this hotel last year on new years day..I needed a cheap roof after spending a gazzilion dollars for a few days at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.I really can't complain, it had clean bed, clean walls, clean floors. I took a nap as soon as I got in (2pm) woke up to the sweet aroma of my favorite food in the world...hooters chicken wings...so what If I was on the 11th floor. Basically I like to refer this hotel to friends by calling it a glorified Super 8.  The location is great right behind the Tropicana and across the street (and kinda behind) the MGM Grand, legitly a maybe 5 min walk from the strip.I paid $25 for the night I stood, but honestly wouldn't pay more than $50 since I know how cheap it can be.
4	I've never been to Hooters the restaurant nor am I the Hooter-type, but my bf and I stayed here for a weekend because we were trying to find the most bang for our buck and we definitely found it here.Good:-Two nights for $100-We had a bungalow room reserved but they gave us tower room without us even asking -Clean rooms, nothing fancy but also nothing gross to complain about. Although, the walls are kind of thin, we woke up to some girl yelling at her bf the next room over. Kind of amusing but not at 3 in the morning. -Small hotel which means less walking to and from the garage and our room, woohoo!-Not smoky! I hate walking through the big casinos and having my eyes sting afterwards because of all the smoke. This can possibly mean no one likes to gamble at Hooters but hey it worked out for me!-Close to airport and freeway (we had a car). Probably not the most convenient place to stay if you don't have a car since it's at the end of the strip unless you love to walk.Bad:-Elevators to garage are old and in desperate need of repair, be sure to hold on-Late check in. We came around 11AM and they told us we could check in at 4PM. Luckily we called back and they were able to get us a room earlier.That's about all the bad stuff i could think of. It really wasn't a bad place to stay except for brief moment of embarrassment you might have to endure when people ask you where you're staying. And possibly also when you want to tell people what a good experience you had for the price paid but don't want to further embarrass yourself.
4	Room was better than I expected given all of the rave reviews on yelp ! The room was clean and what can you expect for 35 bucks per night . Plus, when in Vegas you are not supposed to live in your room. "Change clothes then go"
2	Its ok compared to the restaurants in Socal. the service is average. but i don't know if its just me but it seems like the wings taste different.
2	This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
2	Half of a star because this hotel is a dump. Half of a star because the hotel rooms come with that Hooter's orange colored lampshades, and that is kinda cool. Another star because I looked down from our window and saw that the hotel's pool had a waterfall and a big sandbox area. HAHA.Part of me wants to give this place the benefit of the doubt because we did, in fact, cram 12 people into one standard hotel room. That's right, 4 people in the two beds, 8 people on the floor. The second night, two of our friends got a seperate room and said it was a million times better and cleaner. It might have been the lack of 10 other smelly drunk people around.The room:- The toilet broke the very first time it was used.- On the back of our door, written in permanent marker read "I'M WATCHING YOU :)"  uh.- Mysterious basketball-sized red stain in the corner of the room.- They actually have a little ad thing on the dresser between the beds that starts out in big print, "Do you REALLY need clean sheets.....?" followed by a description about how you shouldn't request to have clean sheets unless you really, really need them. As if any hotel's sheets aren't disgusting and questionable enough, the classy establishment that is Hooters is asking me to drunkenly pass out on some previously sexed-up vomit bed? Pass. (I ended up doing it anyway)-NO HOOTERS STATIONARY. Wtf am I supposed to steal for a souvenier? I just want a Hooters pen, god.The actual hotel:- The elevator is the scariest elevator I've ever been on. And smells of burning rubber. And sounds like you're about to die. Squeeling elevator noises and shaking = bad.- I got so lost just trying to get the fuck out of there and onto the strip.- I didn't eat at the restaurant, but some of our friends did and said it was disgusting (coming from growing young dudes who will eat anything)- The Hooters girls don't have hooters. I'm a girl and even I was a little appauled by this. They're just right-outta-high-school uggos that need a job. Lame. Have some dignity and get a boob job.-Really creepy old men everywhere. Like, EVERYWHERE.So yeah. No thanks, Hooters. No thanks.
1	Woohoo! number 200!!! Oh wait, why am I wasting such a special review on such a lame, horrible place. IDK! I'll get to the rest of the building in the next one, but this particular hooters within the hooters hotel and casino was no doubt the worst I've ever been to.Hooters is self-proclaimed to be tacky anyway, but we wanted some wings and some of our friends wanted some entertainment as we deprived them of strip clubs for the entire trip. We settled on this place, for the moment anyway.  Most of the waittresses were busted. No not busty, at all, but busted as in not attractive in any way. Not a problem for me as I was with the wifey, but some of our friends were pretty disappointed that they couldn't enjoy the experience. My wife's logic? All of the better looking and put together women were probably workin in strip clubs or as escorts, so the other girls clean up on the small potatoes that is hooters. In any case, beyond the exteriors, our waitress was extremely inattentive and didn't even write her name on when she came to the table as I hear is customary at these establishments. She finally came to take our drink order and then disappeared. She brought some other tables drinks but she took so long to bring us our drinks that we got hungry enough to up and leave. We figured, for the price, we should be getting either an experience or great service or both. Since we were getting neither and had not yet received anything from them, not even water, we left. I will say though that this was one of the more diverse hooters that I've been to. I noticed two black girls working there and an Asian girl as well. Nevertheless, In N Out here we come!!!
1	Hmmm, how to start this one off. Nasty, dirty, smelly, sleazy, grimy, ugly, depressing,..Not sure. Did I mention dirty? I'll start with that. We could tell from the tiny garage that this place was not frequented for a reason. It is just the epitome of sleaziness. But it's not even up to sleazy Vegas standards. In fact, I'll go ahead and say it, this place should be on the lower end of Fremont st. We got in the elevator and a friend had to hold her nose and breath into her hand so she didn't throw up. And this was on the way to get some of their "world famous chicken wings". Needless to say, we never got those wings (see previous review of restaurant). This place was so depressing and just drained our spirits. We had to escape. There is a reason they are off the strip and nobody goes there. Just stay away. For the price there are so much better things. BTW, In N Out down past UNLV or in the other direction across the 15!
2	I didn't stay here, so this review is only for the casino.2 things to say:1) Young annoying drunk college crowd2) How you gonna advertise all over for the $3 black jack tables and then only 1 MAYBE 2 tables??? And of course the tables are so full and people are waiting... we left and went to Tropicana.
1	The one downside to our Vegas trip....Hooters Casino/Hotel/shithole.  Okay, I admittedly like Hooters, and given the pricing and the fact that everyone coming from out of town for our best friends wedding was staying here we thought, why not?oh boy, where do I start....the restaurant. We met everyone here the first night we got in.  I have eaten at Hooters before and have ALWAYS had good service, maybe I'm spoiled. The girls always smile, sit, etc....forget it here. The service sucks big time...she seemed bothered by us, which made us all want to agitate her more.  I must have asked for our drinks three times before i went up and got them myself (she was too busy chatting with another lame waitress and therefore to busy to actually wait on people) LAMMMMMMEEEE Food arrived and it was so-so, nothing like what we have eaten at the Dublin Hooters. Rooms: shitty, period.  The bathrooms sucked and were so old and outdated, it was comical. didnt smell like smoke, which was the only plus.  I am never staying here again, even if it was offered for free LOL
5	gotta love their chicken wings. Mmmmm!!! going to this hooters your going to have to wait in line, but no problem for me, probably be waiting for less than 20 min. The servers that we have been getting, have been attentive and nice. Get's kinda loud here, but's it's all in the fun of sports, drinking, and chicken wings! The original and spicy are my favorite.
3	Before you book a room here, get it out of your mind, this hotel is not the playboy club. This is a cheap place to crash for a few days on the Vegas strip.That being said, I find my buddy on facebook and we decide we should meet somewhere crazy. He suggested Vegas, I told him I'll book the hotel.I'm booking this place laughing on the inside picturing us betting with Hooters girls saying "Hit Me Honey" in my best Andrew Dice Clay voice.In reality, there were some hooters girls in uniform as well as guy dealers.After we checked in, we decided to go downstairs and have a few drinks. Hooters gives you a coupon book with two for one drinks. I get the party started with Patron shots.**The beers and drinks are cheaper here than other hotels.Now this is for the guys reading this review. Whadda think your going to do at this place, meet girls? Guess again, your eating and drinking with mostly DUDES.This place is good for .25 cent wings after 12:00 and the regular Hooters restaurant is open 24/7. We ate at Dan Marinos for Breakfast, another nice place. We had a few laughs here and we did have fun drinking with all the guys we met poolside. This place is like a ongoing frat house if I had to sum it up. Beers by the poolside were flowing as well as laughing with guys from all over the country.They also give you a $100 bucks in slot credits. They put $100 bucks in a $5 machine and the max bet is 10 bucks. If you hit the jackpot, you win. If you win anything else, you get nada.I'm giving it 3 stars. I woke up Saturday morning, played blackjack with a nice bloody mary. Yes, its a little rough around the edges, I wouldn't take my wife here but to meet some old buddys? I couldn't think of anywhere else..NYBULLY
2	On my way to Vegas there where bulletin boards advertising free hot wings and $100 free slot play with membership of their club. So I was like why not. I haven't been and I heard it was a nice casino and hotel. The casino was nice with hardwood floors like their restaurants and a nice change from the usual tacky carpet print. But the casino is small. And the hot wings are not free. It's only free after 12am-6am. Talk about false advertisement. I played for free and left because if I was gonna eat hot wings from hooters and pay for them I might as well eat them at home.
2	Ghetto ass casino.  I popped in $5 into the penny machine and won $12.90.  When cashing out, I had to wait for an attendant to come give me my money instead of just getting a voucher like the other casinos.  This took forever and is so not worth my time.  The only reason they get two stars is the cocktail waitress was really nice and attentive to us.  Other than that and the $.25 wings at their after hours restaurant, I'd never come here.
2	Everyone always things "Oh hooters, great wings" among other things (hehe). There wings are frickin' AWFUL! Breaded wings, I think you would be better off soaking a bunch of bread crumbs in wing sauce and call it a day. Our waitress acted like she was afraid of us and look I'm sure there are allot of disrespectful brutish men in the world that she has to deal with but my friends are super nice and she barely provided us with a poor excuse for service! Don't go here unless you just want to ogle women...seriously.
4	I have never stayed here... Just played and eaten.Gambling - Cheap table limits.  Fun to play a few hands of blackjack for like $3.Food - $.25 wings from Midnight until 6 AM... need I say more.  For nothing else I recommend cruising over here for a late night snack.  You won't regret it.
5	Ok - this place is what it is.  It's a hotel/casino version of the restaurant chain. It's low class, it trends just toward the wrong side of red neck (although if you're looking for your fill of mullets this is your place!) and it's a lot of fun. They don't try to pretend to be anything they're not. And that's what makes this place perfect.The casino is tiny. The limits are very low. The dealers (generally) are a lot of fun. The cocktail waitresses are always on their game - I don't think I've ever gone more than 20 minutes in this place without being offered a(nother) drink. The rooms are cheap and clean - not overly comfortable, but when you're collapsing into bed at 4a (or later) who really cares?When it's a boys trip to Vegas we always stay here. And even if we're staying somewhere else, chances are we're spending the bulk of our time here.
1	It was late and we were out wandering the casinos.  Decided to walk from the Tropicana to Hooters just to see what it was all about.  Wow it was really lame.  A very small casino with a few tables, slots, restaurants and I guess a club.  We were in and out in about 5 minutes.  The place was dead.  Doubt I would ever return.
2	I dont know if its me or what. but ever since ive been going to hooters its been getting worse everytime. this place started cool. nothing says breakfast like wings an beer. the waitress here was as cool as can be, then bam!! where the heel did she go. did not see her for almost 20 minutes. then when she came back with our drinks, they were watered down.               I usually go to the hooters in long beach, those are some great girls overthere. these chicks werent even good at serving. our order came in wrong. we were missing food. just not good service.not going back again.
1	Don't bother coming here.  They advertise that if you sign up, you get $50 slot play.  Well, it's 'fake' because you have to play at their designated slots and only when you hit a certain points that you actually get something.  It was a total waste of time and the slots here suck.  I can't think of any reason you'd want to come here unless you were stupid to be sucked in by the 'false' advertising like I did.  Don't say I didn't warn you!
4	just spent 4 nites here for only $17 per nite. july/august are vegas' slow time(good time for deals). staff never screwed anything up, customers are hotter than staff. gym/pools awesome. this place is fun fun fun. i feel like Al Bundy on a great man-cation. i give it 4 & 1/2 stars
1	I'd say this place is a notch above the ghetto fabulousness of Circus Circus, but at least they have some incredibly fun, albeit cheesy, games to keep you entertained. All this place has got are some plain Jane girls in orange leggings and a Dan Marino Grill. The much-promoted $3 blackjack table is literally ONE table on the floor. Unsurprisingly, it's also the most crowded spot in the joint, so good luck pulling up a seat. I sat at the video poker machines and dropped $70 in about 20 min and the goddamn waitress didn't come by once to keep my blood alcohol level high enough to not start getting pissy about my losses. That fact alone will keep me out of here for a long time. One marginal positive note is that they have $0.25 wings from 12am-6am, although if you've ever eaten wings from Hooters you know that means you'll probably spend only a couple bucks to get high cholesterol, the caloric equivalent of 5 Whoppers and a long bout of diarrhea. If you call that a deal, well... have at it.
4	Last time I was very disappointed.This time....the food was actually delicious and my waitress was on her toes and was a sweetheart with a nice rack. Only downfall if you have a minor with you..you have to wait to sit in a special section because there is gaming inside the restaurant.
5	Loved it loved it loved it!I know, Hooter's?  Who stays at Hooter's?  I did for a week and I fell in love with the place. First of all, there is a 24 hour pool. And most importantly, the people at the pool were not pretentious or snooty at all. I met some really cool people there that just wanted to have fun.  That doesn't happen in Vegas very often, so we took advantage of the 24hrs!  2nd, the hotel room rates are cheap during the week. 4 nights for 83 dollars! When I booked it, I was so scared that it would be a run down hotel and would be dirty.  I was wrong. It was clean and the hotel room was bright and cheery. 3rd, 25 cents buffalo wings from 12-6am!  Could you ask for anymore? 4th, they played great music at the pool.I am not much of a gambler, in fact, I didn't gamble at all. But if you want a cool place to hang out, don't hesitate!
1	So maybe 1 star is a little harsh, and only for the casino,  But I didn't see a single thing here that would make me want to come back,  much less even stay here.  The casino was fairly small, and the ventilation was pretty poor compared to the other casinos on the strip (which is also why I avoid Fremont st).The dealers were in normal Hooters garb, nothing too exciting.  A couple friends took advantage of the single deck black jack table and were all in a pretty sour mood by the time they were done.  The dealer had these ridiculous specific rules to follow, from how to hit (can only do it with you cards) to how you're supposed to tap the table, to not allowing you to really talk with other people at the table.REALLY NOW?Not worth it.  The vibe was oppressing and the dealers were irritating.  Definitely won't waste my time coming back here my next time in Vegas.
4	Love love love love love this place!Super casual, no fuss no muss kinda place! I love that for Vegas....I've done the whole stay and a super duper nice Hotel pay lots of $ for what? A  room that I don't really see much, but to sleeping, and go get ready. Love the 25 cent chicken wing promo =]My only complaint is the Hooters girls when I was there were NOT HOT! I guess I just assumed Vegas Hooters girls would be drop dead gorgeous...for what it's worth you get what you pay for and if you wanna stay somewhere laid back, casual and cheap...this is the place for you!
1	I would only come back here to play their $100 slot promotion,(they give you $100 to play at their special slot machines) but other than that.. this place is trash! This was the old Hotel San Remo and I personally liked that better than Hooters! I only saw ONE cute girl that worked there who gave me a drink and said,"Thanks baby!" LOL!... Wouldn't they hire cuter girls?!?? Not impressed. Plus, it's far from the strip. (Didn't stay here, just gambled)
1	Avoid this place like the plague!  I realize that most people dont go to Vegas to spend time in a hotel, but eventually you gotta crash somewhere.  Sleep in your car if you have to!!!*  Walk into the casino to check in and the smell will overcome you.*  SLOOOOOOW check in.  There is a sign that says guaranteed same day check in.  I was beginning to question that.*  The carpet of the hallways of the bay tower are in dire need of cleaning... last time must have been sometime during the Clinton administration.*  The room was large.  The decor was minimal but included a cracked lampshade.  It went hand in hand with the cheap pine accents  and the dusty potted plant in the room.*  I have no idea who their soap and shampoo vendor are but I suspect it is a bug pesticide company given the smell from both.*  The carpet in the room was gross.  It must have been last cleaned during Bush Seniors administration.*  The door would would not lock.*  The sliding glass door was open and allowed the smell of fried chicken come into the room very strongly.  The bonus to this was it masked the musty odor of the room, well... at first.The good part.... the a/c blew COLD (as it should) and driving out of the parking garage upon checkout.Bottom line... if your gonna stay off the strip, try the bargain hotel next door with a big 6 on it... atleast those places are clean!
1	Yeah, this place is a friggin joke, I live hear here and it was nasty, the pool was green and smelled like sulfar, there was used limes on the pool deck with other food items strewen threw out the pool area, our room was dusty and the bathroom shower curtain was moldy, I guess there was no expense spaired or mybe every exspense was speaired because it shure wasn't here!!  0.0 stars!!!!
4	Ok - so I had fun here.  If you were there late Thursday night, you probably heard us hooting and hollering from all ends of the casino every time we got a bonus round...We found out later that the cocktail servers will bring you WINGS along with your drinks (at least, someone told us - your mileage may vary).  This is for SURE a destination next time we get to Vegas.  I'll take the money I save on the dinner and pump it into the slots. :)Don't think I'd ever stay here after seeing the reviews here (though I could probably be convinced to slum it if the deal was good enough), but I'm already looking forward to returning, drinking way too much whiskey, shouting "winner winner fishy dinner" over and over when I hit the bonus, and having the staff and cleaning crew cheering us on...
3	Hooters hotel and casino may have many downsides but what rises above all is is that it is cheap!The room wasn't anything special the casino was small compared to the other nicer bigger casinos I went into. But for a cheap hotel that's located across the street from the MGM grand it is definitely worth it. 25 cent chicken wings after 12am sealed the deal for meI wouldn't take a lady but for a sausage fest its good
2	Room was nice size, half the lights in the room didnt work.  $12.95 a day to use internet, sink and bathtub were plugged.  We had to get an engineer to snake them both.  The bed was not too comfy, when you laid on it the foot of the bed wanted to pop up.  Super cute waitress's but most of them took forever and a day to get you drinks.  I think next time i'll just pony up another $20 a night and stay in a nice hotel.
1	This place is a Dump and closing its doors forever is imminent.
2	I was in Vegas recently on business at a trade show. Saw some buddies that I used to interface and partner with, and so we decided to go out and eat and catch up. Let's see, you are in Las Vegas, on business, and of all the choices, where would you want to go? Since their company is very cheap, they have a very small expense allowance. And since their company definitely has a macho-like personality, sort of a frat brothers, locker room personna, they chose Hooters!I said "Are you kidding me?" I suggested going to Chinatown and getting some good, inexpensive food, like Thai, Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, and I had a car to take them all out there. But since it was 3 of them versus just me, it was Hooters.Hooters Hotel and Casino is exactly like their restaurants. Girls in white Tees and little orange gym shorts. You would think that here in Vegas, this would be their flagship location and they would upscale it in decor, amenities, and staffing. Nope. Even though it is a hotel and Casino, it has the same look and feel of their restaurants. What do they call themselves? Tacky? They got that right.Plus, Hooters has awful food. Deep fried, tasteless, unimaginative. It's food you might find in Talledega at the NASCAR races in the picnic coolers of the baseball cap wearing HVAC and Cable repair men. Only warmed up a bit. In Vegas, with all the beautiful women working here in the various service venues of shows, casinos, gentelmen's clubs, etc., Hooters has got to be the bottom of the barrel. The "talent" here is just above 7 Eleven, just wearing less. That makes the food that much more indigestible.
1	My friends and I were staying at the NY-NY hotel on a bachelor party, so we figured that, if the Hooters casino is anything like the restaurant, it's a must-go.Granted, we did stop in there on a Friday afternoon, but I must say that we were very, very disappointed in the casino and the quality of 'merchandise' there.The girl bartenders and cocktail waitresses were absolutely nothing to get excited about. I'm a (relatively) in-shape guy, and I'm pretty sure I had bigger boobs than a lot of the girls that worked there. Considering that this place is called "Hooters," that is some of the worst false-advertising I've ever seen. They also have a large sign outside that reads "$3 Blackjack 24/7" - we scoured the entire casino floor and didn't see one table with said $3 blackjack anywhere. We went in the casino with the intention of gambling a little and "taking in the sights," but we ended up made a lap around the place and leaving within 30 minutes.Not a fan.
2	Hooters needs to fly in the hot ones from there other locations cause they are NOT here !!   One or two out of 20 deserve the hooters outfit .   But hey it's Vegas !!!   Have alot to drink and they will all look good.  Sorry girls but you would never get the job at any other location so enjoy Vegas..
5	For the price you can't beat it.  I have stayed here for $20 before .   Last night haloween I paid $79 and tonight &  tomorrow $34 .   It a clean comfortable room for the price.    There is really no cute staff except the front desk and maybe 1 dealer but who cares hot girls are all over this town.   I have stayed in many hotels here and paid $200-300 per night and relize you are not in the room that much.  Save the $$.  And go see a show or hey come Back with the $$. You save
4	Some harsh reviews here, but for $20 I don't expect too much.We stayed here Wednesday after a night at Joshua Tree.  The slots were not too tight and I managed to win about $100 on $.25 slots.  The complimetary White Russians were available no matter how cheap the games we played.The room was a bit crumby, but again, I was not expecting much.  Dan Marino's restaurant (see review) was good.  Staff was friendly.  Overall a good experience, especially considering the price.
1	Apparently, the Hooters Hotel has 24-hour $3 blackjack tables. I mean, there are banners posted against the building outside, there are signs above the slot machines...The Hooters Hotel is supposed to have 24-hour $3 blackjack tables.My friend and I walked into the Hooters Hotel.We looked for these $3 blackjack tables.We circled the casino three times.THERE WERE NO $3 BLACKJACK TABLES.One star for false promotions. (I was looking forward to cheap gambling too!)
1	So I feel a bit bad for giving a 1 Star - think of it as a 1.5.  I just doubt I will ever recommend it or go again.  They where having a big gambling promotion to get customers in but the restrictions where so, well, restrictive I ended up not even being able to figure out how to take advantage of it.  Actually walked down to Hooters and tried twice plus attempted to eat there.  Positives:Since I didn't actually partake take this with a grain of salt - cheap gambling, hotel rooms, food & drinks.Negatives:Somewhat disinterested staff, had to ask three different people for help before actually getting any.Parking lot right out the front door (which foot traffic has to cross to get in) was beyond stinky - dont think I set my bar that high either on that.They have two eating establishments, one casual and one restaurant style.  The "casual" one was shut down and the "restaurant" one had a 45 minute wait.  Let me be clear, there where two people waiting in line ahead of us and it was a 45 minute wait.  The supposed promotional gambling deal they had going on took 15 minutes to locate and the place isn't big, then it ends up that it is roped off and you have to sign a list to utilize it.  The rest of the slots and tables had about 3 people on them.I really wanted to give them a chance because they didn't pick a good spot to place themselves but I just couldn't cut them any slack.  SInce I didn't stay in the hotel portion cant rate that but the rest blew.
3	Some of my friends laughed and others scoffed at the fact that I had booked accommodations at the Hooters Casino Hotel for my Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon weekend in Las Vegas.It wasn't as bad as everybody told me it would be, and considering I booked many months in advance and found Expedia rates ranging from $45 to $55 a night for a room in the Tower building I wouldn't hesitate to go back.  For the race the "off the Strip" location was perfect as it was a comfortable fifteen minute walk to the start / finish area on race day.My room was okay since I only spent time there to sleep and to yelp.  With the exception of parts of the carpet the room was fairly clean too.  I wore white socks in the room and each night my white socks turned either light gray or charcoal colored depending on how much walking I did in the room.Here were some of the cool things about my room:*The queen size bed was firm and comfortable (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=iHWbOO5Jzfh31dVthmiB6Q).*Standard sized television (no flat screen) had crisp cable broadcasting.*Comfortable desk had a brand new issue of the latest Hooters magazine (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=96qyqd-PoYisLKTjPUswuA).*There is a digital room safe just in case you decide to go out for a 13 or 26 mile run (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=BZMBwl3J5Y6vylsT0c-hBA).*Clean bathroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=dPRiakqkf2jm4_1Tyw-Iww).*Basic amenities (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=yqsvK9WYxf_OtSIjZUBXIA).*Free bottled water (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=S4pY5Ebf2pSWPyP59WTvmQ).  Runners love water!!*Two fake palms in the room look great without the flying insects (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=YBp_3-oEiKi-ayVqcVDe_w).*Amusing privacy door signs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=toTBsd8WeZhsSMAEALOiOQ).Of course there's always bad things that makes it a 3 star review:*The comforter was lumpy.*No free internet.  No problem as I brought a wireless card this time.*The deadbolt kept slamming into the door jamb.  I had to whip out my Leatherman and do a repair job for them.  The deadbolt works perfectly now.  You're welcome!!*Noisy pipes and the water pressure in the water closet was horrible.*Toilet tissue holder was too short and the spool would come loose and fall on the floor every time the tissue was in use.*Thin walls.  I heard every foul-mouthed conversation my neighbors had, but I heard every intimate one too!*Horrible, lazy housekeeping staff!  I did a better job cleaning up after myself!*Incompetent and slow check-in process.  The lady kept mispronouncing my last name.  How do you fuck up my last name?  It's three letters and the second and third letters are the same vowel.  Dummy!I didn't take advantage of the slot playing amenity that came with the room.  The casino downstairs is very small.  Like I said, if I could find these rates again I would return.  If not, don't bother!
3	I stayed here for 4 nights during Halloween this year and it was a pretty good experience. We arrived on Thursday afternoon and while Hooter's doesn't have their own shuttle, the airport has shuttles going anywhere on the strip for a fair price (I think mine was $12 round trip). We checked in and the guy at the front desk was really nice. I told him we were there celebrating my birthday and he upgraded us to a tower room on the 18th floor! Very cool, especially since it seemed like there we a lot of people there already.The room itself was pretty standard. I kind of felt like I had gone back in time though. The room screamed 1976, but then again, you need to remember what hotel you're in. One thing I wasn't crazy about was that they had this great vanity area for getting ready, but someone forgot to put outlets near them... Everything was clean, but the beds had this comforter thing made out of funny material and it was that and the sheets on the bed. I thought about calling down to see if I could get a normal blanket, but decided it wasn't a big deal. The casino is somewhat small, but the slots are kind of loose. My first day there I won $150 on slots alone. They advertise 24/7 $3 Blackjack, but I never saw any tables. The walk to the strip was about 10 minutes from our room to the front of the MGM. Not too bad, but don't forget anything at your hotel because it sucks to walk back. I spent more on cabs than I wanted to, but if you think about it, Hooters pretty much paid for them with the money I won.I don't know if I would stay here again. I think I really would have had a better time if I was on the strip. I might stop by the slots here next time I'm in Vegas though.
2	Hooter's attracts a unique mix of people. In the hotel, many young teens are found throwing parties in their rooms, while in the casino area, many middle aged sleazy men are found oogling at waitresses. The hotel was  clean, but the pool looked a bit gross.  Thus, I would not want to stay at hooters for an extended period of time, but it serves as a cheap place to crash after a night out on the strip.
1	"You get what you pay for"If only that were the truth.Let's see....  We got there and:1) The elevator from the parking structure is out - so we hoof it from the 4th floor all the way to reception with our bags in tow.  2)We got booked into a smoking room when we specifically asked for a non-smoking room3)We got transferred to a non-smoking room (after a few hours) with a view of the Airport.... well, there would have been a view if the windows weren't so damned grimy4)Uncomfortable Bed5)Tube TV that kept cutting out every few minutes, which wouldn't have been bad on its own, but the batteries on the remote were dead.. HAH!Okay, at 25 bucks a night, I might have agreed that we got what we paid for and it might have been a So-so 2.5 to three stars.  MAYBE.But when you tack on an additional UNDISCLOSED $15/day "Resort Fee"  (What resort? it was 40 freakin Degrees out!), No Wi-Fi AND $15/day wired internet fee??  ....Umm... Yeah ... 1.5 stars and I'm not even going to round it up to two.PROTIP: Hooters appears to be where failed Import model wannabes with bad boob jobs go to die. - Enjoy.
3	Stayed here again for 2 nights, paid $30 for a Thursday night and got the second night free via Expedia.Best deal in town, for that price anyway.The rooms are clean and comfy and not small at all. Casino is very small but what the hell do you care when you can be @ MGM in 5 minutes - and that is walking from casino door to casino door.I would stay there here in a heartbeat if I found an amazing deal like that again.
3	The ONLY reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because I researched a bit before the man and I decided on it, knowing full well what we were getting into.  Otherwise, it is a 2 star, if that.  To those who are complaining here...SUCKERS!  The internet can be used for things other than porn...and Yelp.  Moving on...The man and I had an impromptu "let's get the hell out of Dodge" moment and we seized it.  We stayed here Tues, December 29 - Thursday, December 31.  We picked this place because it was cheap and close to the Strip (even though Downtown is better).    Based on the reviews, we were willing to risk some things.  So here is the summary:* Yes, we did witness the parking garage elevator not working.  But it was only once out of 4 times using it and we were not hauling our bags in or out, so we were fine with walking 4 flights of stairs to the car.  To the poor ladies hauling out kids, bags and strollers....sorry.*The bed was stiff as a board.  I can handle firm, but there was no bounce to this bed at all. *The plumbing system is old, but works.  Slow drain sink, slow flush toilet.  *Our room was not dirty, just dated.* We got hot water all the time, just fine.  I even took a shower around 11:00 a.m. and there was still plenty of water.*Our room was missing the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign, which we only learned about when we heard the maids coming around and we needed to act on it.  I went to get one from the maids, but they did not have one.  I ran into one downstairs and she did not have one.  Another employee told me I had to get one from reception, so fine.  I asked for one and was told she would call someone to bring it up.  Totally inefficient and it does not make me happy when I have a hangover.As for the casino...*The free $100 slot play promotion is definitely one of those "too good to be true" things.  After you sign up for the lame Player's Club (I lost my card somewhere in the casino), you get a voucher and you walk into a roped off area.  An employee will insert a $100 bill into one machine that you choose.  They are $5 slot machines and you have to play the max (so $10 a pull).  If you are lucky enough to get to 1700 credits, you get $50.  Other than that, you are screwed.  Total lameness.*Takes the cocktail waitresses FOREVER to bring you a drink.  I hate getting sober when I am waiting to get hammered.  *Beware of the slow dealers that come on shift at 2:00 a.m. -- they may put you to sleep.Overall, take heed of the reviews and make the decision yourself.  Will we stay here again?  Probably not.  But we do not think we made a bad decision since we went into it informed.
5	I'm pretty bias when it comes to eating at this popular chain.  Seems it doesn't take much to make me happy inside a Hooters restaurant.  Since I was staying in the hotel you would kind of figure that at least one of my meals would be at the Hooters restaurant.  I had lunch at this Hooters on the day of my departure.Seated immediately near the front entrance I was in a perfect spot to view some very nice eye candy.  Most of the ladies smile as they walk by here.  It made me happy too!  My waitress was a nice German girl (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=RAW5jfLOBzpLhYENbeiHbw).  She was very friendly, and I loved her accent, but she was an excellent waitress also.  Despite how busy this place is during a weekday lunch rush she came by three or four times to make sure everything was okay and I had enough food and drink.I had a single order of ten wings, medium spicy and unbreaded (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=DYflGlGsO2mPs7T35u7a9g).  I also had an order of seasoned curley fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=UFYn0PR07eWLb0UUEaigEA).  The wings were excellent, but the fries could have had a bit more zest.  No complaints from me though.  I love all Hooters restaurants!
3	Decided to check out the Hooters Restaurant to have a few beers and wings and watch some college football.  Located inside the Hooters hotel, it's located in the very back of the first floor of the casino.The restaurant has that familiar wood paneling look with plenty of TVs all around to check out the game.  We got here around 3ish so we had no problems getting seats.  We got our menu and it's your typical bar and grill items here, so we're talking about burgers, sandwiches, strip steaks, chicken, and of course their most popular food item, Wings.We decided to get a couple rounds of beer and also some wings and their chili cheese fries.  The service was a bit slow, but when we got our food I have to say they were generous.  The wings were pretty big and we got a big pile of chili cheese fries.I don't know how they cook their wings, but have to say I always thought Hooters had some of the best wings out there and this has lived up to it's reputation.  Nice juicy wings with a crispy out side.  The fries here were also very good.  Plenty of chili with nice chunks of meat with a ton of cheese just made for good greasy junk food to watch college football.The eye candy here wasn't quite what we were hoping for.  When you think of Vegas and Hooters, you have a certain image in your mind.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations we were hoping for.  But no matter, the food and the college football games were still good.As to ratings, to be honest, the Las Vegas Hooters is really no different than any other Hooters I've been too.  I wasn't expecting the Sapphire or something, but was hoping for just a little bit more "Las Vegas" to it.  Overall, the food hit the spot and the wings were good but honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to coming here when you will get the same experience at any other Hooters restaurant across the country.  Overall, just average and a 3 star rating.
2	We came here to eat probably around 1:00am on New Year's after the fireworks since we were hungry.  But all they had available was their breakfast buffet.  It was mediocre at best.  But i got their wings and they were super spicy... I've had their wings at other Hooters and they weren't this terrible.   All of the other food was terrible too. However, the memory is a bit fuzzy since it was New Year's
2	We squished 8 girls into a room for three nights and we only paid 10 bucks each. BAHAHAHA WE HAVE NO SHAME.Anyways, it's a gross place. Every time we'd go out in our "clubbing" gear, we'd get so many eyes staring at us. Creepers, perves, discerning eyes, ALL KINDS. Man oh man, I wasn't even drunk yet and it felt like the walk of shameeee.Nothing here really blew my mind. Not even the bewbs.
1	You may as well hang out in a horse trailer at the Rodeo.... No offense to the rodeo goers but this place is Horse S#@t. They try to get you in with the "$100 Free Slot Play" Which is a total Joke, you get a voucher and you go to the designated machines that are $5 a credit and you have to bet max credits and it is Jackpot or nothing. SO 4 minutes in your $100 is gone and you are on your way. The atmosphere sucks, I really felt like i was in a Very Very bad Kareoke Bar in the south or something. The Security Guard kept giving me the stink eye because I handed some cash to my wife and she walked off.... My questions is this, We are in a casino right? Why is there a need to follow me around with that " what you talkin bout Willis"  Look on your face like i just handed over drug money, YOU WORK IN A CASINO... People use money there. Overall this place is HORRIBLE!!!
4	I only reccommend going here after midnight because the wings are 25 cents each! You cannot go wrong with that, but expect to wait at least 30 minutes. Yeah, it sounds like a long time, but if you're drunk enough and you can send someone to put your name on the list, it is definitely worth it.
3	The rooms were not bad, nicer than I had expected.  Their was a mob of young dorks at the pool at all times.  Its hooters, so if your wearing slutty clothes, ladies, you will get stares.  Someone hit on my wife right in front of me.  But really its hooters, you can't really star it down for being shady.  All in all, nothing special, but okay.
2	So the first time I stayed here I was impressed with the rooms being clean and spacious. But when I decided to go back a second time, it was disappointing. The rooms were dirty and run down, which I was surprised because it had only been a year since our first visit. I sent an email to the corporate offices expressing a bit of disappointment and never received a response.
2	The parking garage is an omen to the rest of the hotel & casino; bad.  Now, don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the old school properties like Golden Nugget & 4 Queens.  They offer a classic old school Vegas feel and usually have excellent deals on food, entertainment.  Alas, Hooters is basically like taking all the bad qualities of a downtown hotel and putting on the strip.
1	So i'll keep this review short and sweet, The wings I got were not very good at all, I wanted spicy wings and they were far from that.  Now get this, My WIFE was very upset and shocked at the fact the girls there were not very "hot".  She did make a good point that when a servers lower stomach is hanging out her shirt, perhaps it's time to fire her.  Please realize i said, "hanging" out her shirt, not showing.  Not trying to be rude here, just really wasn't what we both thought it would be.  It was out first time at a Hooters mind you.
3	Ick! What was I thinking ordering a salad at a Hooters? Fried pickles were decent...Girls are cuter in the Midwest Hooters, seriously..I was sort of surprised! Blonde hostess was rude and was probably just angry because she has to wear the silly outfit and was surrounded by a billion rugby players. Sorry, get over it.Heard the rooms were hideous. Pool looked okay at night.Lost $40 on roulette but it was a fun table and great dealers!
3	Let's just keep in mind that Hooter's has to hire all types of body types to appeal to all types of guys. When I was there, I hadn't seen any girl that wasn't in shape. Our waitress was very nice, and quick with the refills, which is a big deal to me. I got their spicy chicken strips, I thought they were pretty good. I got hot, and they could have been hotter but I enjoyed them. The prices are very decent. I will go here again.
3	My first visit to a Hooters restaurant, and I wasn't disappointed. Had a Hooters burger which was pretty juicy and flavorful. Fries were decent too. We had a good table to sit at, right near the entrance, so we could see the Hooters girls standing around, talking to each other rather than being a little more prompt on their service, which was a little on the side of inattentive. We were there around 11am in the morning, so there was no reason for there to be a lack of energy, but definitely they seemed more interested in their personal conversations. The view of the casino floor was pretty good from the table as well, and there was a TV directly over (and not the easiest to see, so I was watching the ones at the bar) the table too, so there was at least plenty of things to look at while enjoying the meal . My over all opinion would be that for the burger alone, the restaurant is worth coming back to.
5	First of all.. you get what you pay for. I got a room for 3 nights for about $130I've stayed here about 4 different times and it always delivers.-OK rooms.-Not bad service. Ive never had any problems.-The food is ok, of course-Stay here during the summer and the pool is fun. BBQ and not that crowded.- The pool is real close to the elevators so you dont have to take that huge walk through the casino/lobby like other casinos. - People go there to party, so its just that. Not so much a family place.- And most of all the location is just the best for its price.
3	In Vegas?Spent up most of your money?Club is over and hangover is coming?Go ahead and visit The Hooters Casino Hotel!The Hooters Casino is literally a giant hooters restaurant with hotel rooms upstairs.  From 2am-6am Hooters is the most affordable thing to do in Vegas.  Although this isn't the best hotel or best Hooters for that matter, it is an alternative when there is simply nothing left to do and you have that last lonely $20 in your pocket. $3 BlackJack and .25 Cent Day Old Wings! Let's see you beat that deal!
4	If you're looking for upper class digs, this is not the place. If you're looking for a good time without blowing a lot of cash on a room, then Hooters is your spot. The pool scene during the warmer months is absolutely outstanding, and the location is perfect...off the Strip enough to get away from all the idiocy, but close enough to dive into it if you like.
2	Your decision to stay here would probably depend a lot on what you want out of Vegas. For some reason, I expected this place to be fun, exciting, full of hot hooters girls and cheap. Ok... it was cheap.I am surprised by how few people there are gambling here. They had only half of a craps table open, but if I walk across the street to MGM the place is RIDICULOUS!!! The whole casino here feels sleepy. This place has a downtown feel to it. It would fit nicely next to Golden Nugget or Four Queens and it would be "classy".The elevators felt run down and there's signs of neglect (broken decor, faded paint). The room is about the same. It's big, but feels run down. The buffet was very unimpressive. Bacon, eggs, cereal and yeah... that's about it.Pros:InexpensiveGREAT location!Cons:A little grudgyBoring casinoRecommendation:  This is an inexpensive place to stay and I wouldn't stay here for any other reason. At the same price, I would choose ANY on strip hotel, but those will all be more. This place has a great location if you wanna be close to MGM.
1	I am a cheap bastard sometimes, and my brother is as well so when we saw just off the strip for less than $50 a night over a weekend average price, we thought what the hell. My brother is so cheap that he still wears shirts from when he was in High school, (he is currently 36). Regardless we thought 3 *s (official rating on most websites) all we really need is 2 beds and a bathroom. Well being blunt if this is 3 Stars then I think the box under the bridge with the homeless must rank at least 2 stars! there was no chair for the desk (how did that leave the room?) the decor looked like Jimmy buffet threw up after drinking one too many different colored margaritas, the carpet was just dirty, the bathroom had mold in the corners of the linoleum floor, There was a foot hole kicked through the bathroom door. But the wings at the bar downstairs were good!
2	If you don't have a car and don't want to pay strip prices for a room then I guess this place is okay.The rooms were mixed, it definitely seems they kept a lot of stuff around from the San Remo.  It seems like their cleaning staff is stretched and the room's fixtures were rough in places, but at least the smoking rooms were livable   The elevators are small and old and therefore break down a lot.Casino is small and they didn't have enough tables open for what was a busy spring break Thursday.  $3 Blackjack is limited to 1 table with crappy rules and other tables were a min. $10.They had the audacity to charge a very steep resort fee for crappy facilities and $150 for a Saturday rate.
2	Even as a first timer to this city of lights, I had to go cheap since I was a broke college student on Spring Break.  Luckily my friends planned for us to stay at Hooters, and one word definitely defined my experience: ghetto.Yep... there's nothing special about Hooters honestly, but the real deal-sealer for here is that it was CHEAP, and since we were never really in the rooms, it wasn't a huge issue.  The hotel is located off the strip across from MGM, and parking (like everywhere else in Vegas) is pretty generous.Rooms were small.  There were two queen sized beds for you and a friend to share. Ice and vending machines are available on each floor for your convenience (we definitely had a bath tub of liquor to start).  There is a pool outside that is open 24 hours, but be sure to have a shirt on when you come back in.  The staff doesn't like people who go in and out shirtless.  And another bad part... there is no wireless internet available. (shute, even Motel 6 down the street has wifi!?)As for the Casino, it wasn't bad, although the Hooters $100 free play in slots is pretty deceiving.  I blew all of that in 12 rounds, so it is highly unlikely that you'll be making much money.  Although I did learn how to play craps that night!  Dealers were pretty legit.So it's ghetto, but cheap.  I can't complain.
1	What a dreadful casino.  It was the occasion of the Purple Reign show that brought me here.  How a high quality show like that drew Hooter's as venue is beyond me.  In part, it is like visiting an actual Hooter's.  There are scantily clad waitresses everywhere with those bright orange short shorts and bursting cleavage.  The sports bar in the back is filled with cliched men literally hooting and hollering at each dramatic turn of the basketball game being aired.  Guy's guys carrying on and enjoying the holy trinity of sports, alcohol, and women.  I definitely felt out of place.  The nightclub was especially theatric with the female bartender climbing the rack above the bar and hanging upside down serving drinks to the largely male clientele.  She even did a number where she hung with her legs suspended and invited men to place their head between her thighs from the backside so she could give them shots individually.  So, yeah, not exactly a sophisticated cocktail lounge in Manhattan.  If this is your thing, enjoy.  I will be at other, classier casinos on the strip.
4	What? Hooters has a hotel?Located a block off the strip next to the MGM Grand. I'm only slightly embarrassed to say I stayed here this past weekend. This is the place to stay if you just need a bed and shower and prefer to spend your money on shows, food, or gambling it away. This is definitely not a luxury hotel but as good as any Red Roof Inn type of place. With tax, etc. my room was $62 per night.My room was very clean. The bed was comfortable. The hotel was quiet and I slept well. Plenty of hot water. All the usual amenities (soap, shampoo, complimentary bottled water). The staff was very courteous and helpful; they all seemed to have a good sense of humor. I was allowed a late check out with no hassles. After reading some of the negative reviews I was prepared for a real skanky place but it was perfectly fine. I'd definitely stay here again any time a luxurious room isn't one of my requirements.
1	Here's my lil' adventure at Hooters Casino Hotel.We had been in town for 2 days and were staying at T.I.  On our trip 6 months ago, my wife and I went to hooters and enjoyed playing on the cheap 21 tables.  My wife suggested, "Let's go down to Hooters and try the chicken wings again (to see if last times SHITTY wings was a fluke) and play some cheap tables."  It was a plan, we filled up our yards we bought from Wal-greens and started walking to Hooters.  Once we got there the line for food was about 45 minutes.  We had no interest in waiting that long for another possible let down.Plan B.  Cheap tables it is.  Although the cheapest table we could find was 10 min.  At this point we were happy to just be able to sit next to each other at the tables and play.  We really didn't wanna play that much per hand, so we laid down 20 and said, "screw it!"  Welllllll, about  two hours later we were both up to 200+ dollars each.  We were so shocked we just had to keep going!  After losing a few and winning a few and feeling DRUNK, we mutually agreed it was time to cash in and mosey back towards the T.I. where the bed was much closer.  From the point of getting colored up to walking to the cashier I blacked out for about the next 10-11 hours and was out of commission about a day and a half.  I didn't remember a damn thing from walking out of the doors, to getting in a cab, to walking to my bedroom and passing out.  It turns out at some point it was RUFIED.  Now please understand folks, I can handle my liquor quite well, and often wake up early the next day outta habit and because of my daughter.  The next day my body was absolutely exhausted, my wife told me my pupils were blasted, and I simply "did not feel right".  This was no hang over that my body was trying to kick.  As fun as it was to win money, the fact that someone had a different night planned out for us was kinda disturbing.  Now here I am posting my review and I'm feeling like an ass for not yelping this place before I came here.  You dont see too many reviews as bad as this place has.  And for damn good reason I see.Raymond B. mentioned he was getting "eyed" the whole time for giving his wife money right?  The pit boss at the tables was giving me and my wife the "Eye" after we started winning that much money. Almost giving us a feeling like we shouldn't be winning money anymore!  We played $10 tables at the T.I a few nights later and had equally as fun of a time and played till 6am.  AVOID HOOTERS!!! IT'S NOT WORTH THE RISK OF GETTING DRUGGED!!!
4	.25 cent hooter wings (midnight-6am), $9.99 prime ribs (awesome), $3 black jacks, right on the strip next to MGM, hooter girls... what else more can you ask for??? yup def. worth the visit!Their rooms? don't know never stayed there.
2	I have been going to Las Vegas since Hooters was known as the San Remo, even though I may not been gambling at the time. When the hotel changed over to Hooters, it was actually a really fun place. It really felt like you were at Hooters restaurant just with gambling. Loved the casual atmosphere, fun girls and frankly, this kind of feeling felt perfect for Vegas. Now the resort was never anything special. The rooms were, and still are very small but when you were only spending three hours a day in them and you were either sleeping or showering, you did not really care. But now, it seems that this hotel has taken a hard turn for the worst. The fun atmosphere seems to have been replaced by people who are always angry, from guests, to pit bosses to dealers. The vibe in there is bad and you mix that in with a below-average hotel, you can see why no one stays there anymore. I also use to win there a lot, at odd hours, but if I played between 2AM-6AM, I can almost guarantee winning, not anymore. Not that I blame the casino for, it's the risk I take but overnight my luck seemed to have changed. Given that the hotel has had to lower its rates, you get a lot of amateur blackjack players in there now that will not play the book and frankly will screw you if you play at the same table. You could get an awesome craps game there if you have a cool dealer or two. One of my major complaints about the resort is the constant changing of the restaurants. It use to be Dan Marino's and now it is like The Angry Onion, but basically the same menu. One time a friend and I went to Dan Marino's, they got his order wrong about 4 times. I had finished my dessert before he began to eat his steak. It seems like the resort is trying to make amends to me for it and invites me back with coupons or free dinners, which is fine but they still manage to screw up the meal most of the time.  Hooters the restaurant is also there and one thing about it is that the wings seem better there than at most locations and this is coming from someone who does not like the wings. One benefit to Hooters is the pool is open 24 hours, which on a hot, drunk night in the summer could be a lot of fun, when the pool gets crowded, it gets crowded. The pool itself though is very beautiful, with a waterfall and fire pits. You could even stay at a bungalow near the pool, which I recommend, instead of a standard room. The parking at Hooters is still an issue, with valet taking a while to get your car back and self parking being in a parking lot that is way too small with way to small parking spaces. Hooters used to be a fun whole in the wall off-strip casino, but now it seems it is definitely going down hill.
1	I am really surprised that this place is still open. What a DUMP!!!
1	We were lured into Hooters with the promise of $100 in free slot play. We called to see if there was a catch and they said we just had to be new members and that was all. So we go through the whole signing up process and find out it's a total scam. There is a section of about 10 slot machines in the middle that are $10/pull. You don't actually get to keep any money unless you hit the top two jackpots. 10 spins and you're done and feeling cheated. Thanks for basically stealing all my personal info, Hooters!
2	Saw the 25 cent wings advertisement while walking on the Strip with some friends, so we trekked it over at 2 in the morning.  Bottom line: they taste way better when you reheat them in the morning!!
2	This place is small, run down, and smells like rotting dog poop (seriously, even the bed sheets reeked)! We stayed here because a friend hooked us up with two free rooms for the weekend. It wasn't all that bad but that's mainly because we didn't spend too much time in our room as it was. While we never made it down to the pool I'd say that's probably their only redeeming quality. (Cool fire pits, water falls and lighted pools at night). The room service was fast but the food was barely edible. The freezer burned fries were nuked in the microwave for about two minutes and arrived floppy and cold. The chicken was smothered with melted Kraft singles cheese and the bread was stale and tasteless. Great that this stay was free but I'd never in a million years pay to stay here!
1	Had a horrible time here.As a casino, I like the slots they have here. You can make lower bets than at other casinos. They don't have that many tables though. As a hotel, it wasn't fun at all. I was on crutches with a broken foot and they gave me a bungalow room on the 2nd floor with no elevator. Horrific. A wonderful employee named Destinee got security to help me switch my room to the towers, where there were elevators. They got me a handicapped room which was nice of them, means it's closer to the elevator.I don't know when was the last time someone was in there. The comforter was dirty. The magazines said Winter 2009 - it's May 2010 guys... And I watched a bug crawl over my pillow.I was also told that I was going to get a credit from moving to Bungalow to Tower since Bungalow costs more.. But when I was checking out, there was no notes in my account regarding it. Also I called down for help with my bags since I was on crutches and nobody came to assist me. Never again. Bad customer service.
3	If you have experienced other Las Vegas Hotels, then yes walking down the hall at Hooters makes you feel like you're in a frat house, but the rooms really weren't that bad for the price.Let's be real, most people come to Vegas, or stay at cheap hotels on the Strip because they are doing one thing: Getting so wasted they can't function. I think this Hotel is made for that. I have stayed in cheap rooms here and was always happy. Here's the pros and cons:-Clean cheap rooms-Great view of the Strip-Horrible parking garage-Casino and Hotel aren't that big so you don't have to walk far in those heels to get back to the elevator.-No much to eat (See Mad Onion review).-Close enough to other Hotels so you can bounce around-Girls aren't the greatest looking. I expected better from Hooters-Casino floor staff are annoying as hell! While playing a slot machine I was ID ed about 10 times. -Purple Reign. LoveIn my opinion this place gets the job done as far as I'm concerned. So if you're looking for a place on the Strip to crash check out their rates.
1	OMG!! The smell of this place! If you enjoy the smell of warm vomit as you walk back to your hotel room then by all means book a room here.I stayed here with some girlfriends because we got a free room and even though it was free it was hard not to complain. The hotel is a run down dump. The only highlight was how much time we didn't have to stay in the room!! We did have a pool view from our room but no one seemed to be partaking in poolside fun. The room service was prompt but the food was horrendous. Basically for $10 you get a reheated chicken patty with plastic processed cheese and soggy fries that look like they were scraped from the neighbors plate they left in the hall.Unless you must, must, must stay here don't and I hope the next time I have to see this place it is when they are building a new hotel over it.
2	I was expecting something much worse when we decided to book here. But for under $30 a night I cant complain too much. Our room was small, but cleaner than I had expected- and all the staff that cleaned rooms was super nice.The food was ok, nothing amazing, but totally edible. When we checked in we were hit with a $25 a day "fee" of sorts to make sure that we didnt mess up anything. It would have been nice to be made aware of that at some point before staying there.The guy at the front desk was a total idiot, but a lot of the girls that work the desk are much more helpful.25c wings after 12 was nice, with one exception being that you have to get a table even if you want them to go. Whatever, it all worked out in the end.A friend in another room apparently killed a pretty sizable roach, but these things happen- and we didnt see any bugs in our room.The pool is nice, but beware the pool with the waterfall. Its about 40 degrees and salty. The hot tubs are ok, but the could stand to be cleaned for sure.
2	Gross... I stayed here because it looked decent, good price, and my boss told me it wasn't that bad. Maybe I am used to staying at like Mandalay where when you walk in, the check in desk is like 2 feet from the poker tables but thats okay. So we waited FOREVER to get helped just to check in, then we get to our floor we were staying on and as we walked down the hall there was a awful smell. As the weekend went on the smell slowly lingered through the whole hallway, i was convinced there was a dead body in the room next to us or something it was that bad. They knew it too because they put a big fan in the hallway like that would resolve the issue? Our keys kept deactivating as for our friends staying too so we constantly had to go back downstairs for the to reactivate it so we could get into our rooms (waiting forever to get helped each time) and our bathroom was gross, our view was of the backstreet and the "break" area of the workers so we could watch them smoke, lucky us! When we were getting onto the elevator a cockroach went running across the floor! Some workers were walking by and I said, umm, theres a cockroach!! and they laughed and said, Im not getting it! and kept walking. They were VERY concerned. The pool was nice, small, but nice! So basically, I would never stay there again!!
2	My friends and I stayed at Hooters for two nights, Tuesday and Wednesday. We got our rooms for a really cheap price: $12 per person, per night. Naturally, we were not expecting fancy hotel rooms.The rooms were about what we expected. They were simple but clean and definitely adequate. The hotel also has a really nice pool area with a bar. The Hooters restaurant is good, but predictably overpriced.Service at the hotel is pretty poor. We waited in line an inordinately long time to check in. When I called housekeeping to request more towels (we only had two, and there were four people staying in the room), no one picked up the phone and I had to leave a voicemail message. No one ever got back to me. When housekeeping cleaned the room on Wednesday, they didn't replace the toilet paper or shampoo, and we were clearly running out of both.As others have noted, the atmosphere is a lot like that of a frat house. Hooters is a good place to stay if you a want a really cheap hotel room, but don't expect much when it comes to service.
1	I can't imagine what the creators of this hotel were thinking.. In a world of pure elevated decadence and wonderful visual appeal, they decided to take the theme of a tacky restaurant and convert it into a hotel.. now it's Vegas, you can do anything in Vegas and make it work..I mean the idea of  creating a hotel from a restaurant focusing on, tatas, isn't far fetched, but they even took the grimy, low quality environment of their typical stores, and transferred that feeling onto the hotel as well.  This hotel has the look and feel of old school, neglected Vegas hotels... and this is new.. it looks like those $3 crap, $2 bud light sections between Ballys and the Flamingo.. and this is a new hotel?The food's terrible.  Hooters is known for their wings so you'd figured one of the perks of having a Hooters hotel is having those wings around, but no, we ordered wings here and they only offered the hooters hot sauce, but not the Hooters wings.. um, ok.  I walked by the casino where they were giving a car off as a prize.. the car looked like it's been waiting there for decades.. color faded, old fart car.... wow.
2	Okay, we went here for one reason (in January 2010), and that reason was that it was cheap at the time for a Saturday night, vs the Palms where we were staying the night before.   So there wasn't a big expectation and Hooters happily enough obliged in not making one.   As a previous reviewer noted, the parking garage really is a good indicator of what this hotel is about.   It was smallish and cramped when driving up to find a spot there were great puddles of water on the floor, never mind that the floor we stopped at was about the 4th.  We parked away from the elevator to ensure we had plenty of space and got in the little death trap of an elevator that takes you to the casino.  I say death trap because it rattles, groans, creaks and really does a great job at making you feel like it's going to drop any moment.   Then when we got off the elevator and avoided being smashed by people looking to scurry away from here, we found that it was a modest sized hotel, with bored waitresses, dealers, and a rather rude security guard. Hotel staff seemed not to be enjoying their jobs either; the cleaning woman seemed to be the only one enjoying her job.We went to the other set of elevators to the tower rooms and the somewhat dingy hall to find our room.   Window by the elevator had a cool view of the airport.     Rooms looked exactly like the ones on the Hooters website, if you look closely enough.   Nightstands are really just table tops and otherwise, it's the garish no frills room it's made out to be.   We had a 17th floor strip view room, which had pretty killer views of the Tropicana, Luxor, and Exalibur, and a side view of sorts of the neon green glow of the MGM, so definitely no complaints about that.The casino floor had a decent assortment of slots and the gift shops had the usual Hooters merchandise available.   The club there had Prince and Snoop Dogg music blaring loudly, so lots of p***y control and that type; not what you'd call family friendly but perfectly in line with the kind of tackiness that Hooters is.   So not a bad place and compared to other casinos, I think you get what you pay for here.
2	You would think the Hooters inside their own casino in Las Vegas would be the gold standard by which all other Hooters would be judged.  OK, maybe just I would think that.  At any rate, this was the worst Hooters experience I've ever had.  The service was painfully slow and the food was severely lacking.  Again, maybe it's just me, but when I order something on the menu and the waitress looks at me like I'm crazy and asks me what it is, something is amiss.  I don't see any reason why I will ever come back to this particular location.
3	Okay. this place is kind of a dumpy hotel.  But it's got cheap gambling and cheap food.Shorty's Bar has $2 drinks 2-6pm every day.The pool is a minanture Wannabe, big time pool with a waterfall. It's not the Four Seasons, but It's cool, check it out.!!! =)
4	okay...so this review is just for the casino itself.  we did not stay there so i have no clue how the hotel rooms are...but i imagine them to be pretty mediocre.  haha.  the hotel itself is nothing fancy...in fact, it's a dump.  but i had the most fun gambling here than any other casino on the strip.  i'm actually sad that we waited til the last night to give this place a try.  but we made up for it by stopping by for half an hour before we had to take off to catch our flight.  we signed up for the rewards card which gave us $100 to spend on select slot machines...although i didn't win a cent...it was fun not losing my own money for once.  haha.the tables were super fun.  it wasn't the fact that all the girls that worked there had big boobs and wore their staple hooters outfit...but it was fun watching them work it up with the older men at the tables.  i've never seen dealers get tipped so much!  they even worked it up with us which i thought was cute...i also had that urge to tip after every win.  haha.  they put on their charm 100% and it works.  i just hate going to those upscale casinos where the dealers are just as snooty as the hotel.  dealers with personalities bring that good kharma to the table...and for the most part, the dealers here lived up to that standard...until one of the dealers got a straight flush.  haha.  that should've been my hand!  well, you can't win them all...in fact, the etnire table lost...but at least we had fun!  haha.  warning:  this hotel is super smoky.  everyone and their mama's mamas were smoking...seriously, a guy sitting next to us with his mom were both smoking up chimneys.  haha.  cool hotel...awesome dealers...cheap tables...i don't think i'd ever stay the night here...but the gambling is affordable and fun!
2	Okay I have to give it two stars just because it really isn't much more than a nice Motel 6 or Best Western that is in Las Vegas.  With that said though I was completely shocked with my stay.  My wife and I stayed one night just to catch some sleep before me moved over to one of the other hotels on the strip, and I was fearing the worst.We paid $20 for one night, and I closed my eyes while opening the door to my room, half expecting to find a room that would make me wish my wife would let us sleep in the car.The room was quite clean, surprisingly decent sized, and the bed was even somewhat comfortable.  I would definitely NEVER stay here for more than one night, but if you need a place for a one night layover or looking for an incredibly cheap place to stay, you may want to check it out.
3	This was our first time in Vegas and we decided to stay here mainly due to price and proximity to the Strip.  I imagine we read 200 reviews of the place from multiple sites and were ready for the worst.  Surprisingly it was not that bad...if you go in expecting a 1st rate rat trap!We stayed in a basic king room on the 9th floor of the second tower (not the one labeled Ocean).  The room was clean, had a great view of the strip, and had a cold AC.  The hallways leading to the rooms appear dirty - mismatched wall paint and stained carpets (but we read this in multiple reviews so we expected it).  The decor was "tacky" Florida - but that's part of the Hooter's slogan.  Our room was missing the Hooter's bar stools and table that they claim on the website.  The bathroom was acceptable.  Large vanity, great shower (never ran out of hot water).  They provided us with face soap, hand soap, shower cap, and lotion.  My wife said she saw shampoo and conditioner on the housekeeping cart, but we did not get any.  WIRED internet service was like $12.50 a night...however, we found at least 6 unsecured wireless signals that we could pickup at no cost (mainly from nearby hotels).  We found in Vegas that you really don't spend a lot of time in the room - so everything was OK!  Good enough for a quick nap then back out!Pool - the pool is open 24 hours and we went out at about midnight one night.  The pool with the waterfall was to cold for us - but the other pool was about right.  We also used one of the two hot tubs.  We packed beach towels, but the 24 hour gift shop next to the pool gives you small hotel ones to use (I'm sure as part of the resort fee).  There are also ample lounge chairs if you would rather sit and watch or enjoy the weather.  There was only one other group of people out when we used the pool at midnight...it was like having it all to ourselves.  Pool bar was busy and it took forever with only one bartender to get a drink.  Also advertised as "swim-up," I can assure that it is not!Casino - my wife and I probably had the most fun at this casino.  The drinks flow very freely and we never had a problem finding a cocktail waitress.  We mainly played penny slots and always had multiple runs ins with a waitress (remember to tip good). Its small enough that you can't get lost like some of the others on the strip.  We played some table games for the first time and had some very friendly customers teach us the rules of the tables.                  Restaurant - We got a package deal that included two tickets for 10 free wings, 2 drinks at the pool side bar, 2 show tickets at the casino, and $100 in free slot play.  We ate at the Hooters inside the casino and would only rate this as subpar.  1. Our waitress was an idiot and had broken English.  She kept giving us napkins with her name on it and said just yell if you need me.  We were right near the bar and it took her 10 mins to get us our beer.  2. We tried to use the two 10 free wings tickets - but were told that we could only use one per table.  It does not say that anywhere on the tickets.  We ended up giving our other ticket to a couple next to us, just because we didn't want to eat wings for multiple meals 3. We ordered medium wings, but it seemed like they put nothing on them.  We ended up putting the table hot sauce on them to add some flavor.Show -  We used our free show tickets and saw the Dirty Jokes show with Todd Paul, Geechy Guy, and Mickey Johnson(?).  We almost used the tickets for just the Todd Paul show but realized that his tickets were only $9.95 and the Dirty Jokes show tickets were like $30.  The show is on the second floor in a tiny conference room.  There were maybe only 30 people at our Friday night show.  Seating is not assigned and an usher will escort you to a table.  We lucked out and got front row - but all seats would have been good.  Geechy is hilarious, Todd is OK, and the other guy is forgettable.  Their performance was kinda like when the 4 guys of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour sit on stage at the end of their show together and tell jokes.  I like to heckle and was disappointed with the lack of audience interaction - its mainly them telling scripted jokes.  Worth it for FREE...I might pay up to $15.00 for this.  Our tickets included a free drink at Dixie's Dam Bar downstairs.Complaints - 1. We wanted to walk around on the strip with drinks because not many places let you walk around with open containers.  We stopped at the bar right at the entrance to grab a couple drinks.  We asked for 2 Bud Light Limes and the bill was $11.00 for two 12 oz bottles!  Tip- you can find 24oz/32oz cans about a block away by Walgreens for $8.00 for two!  2. The promotional slot play is a scam (in multiple reviews)  3. The owl rewards card is a scam...you must have to gamble like $300 to get to the 200 point minimum for the free t-shirt  AND you have to do that in the first 24 hours of signing up.  We would stay here again...
2	I was here to see Purple Reign and we got here too early.  Place is dump and dirty but the people are nice and the tables are cheap.  Don't expect state of the art slots.
3	Yeah yeah, so I stayed at the Hooters when I went to Vegas. For a casino/hotel so close to the strip, the price was right.I stayed in one of the pool-facing "bungalo" rooms, which I'm sure in the summer are a great place to be. Not so much in February, when all you have to look forward to is a long walk to the casino (or in my case, the front door and the rest of Vegas). The peeling shower/tub didn't drain and the in-room safe proved nonexistent, which bothered me. For some reason, this felt like the sort of place I might actually want or need the safe.The casino IS on the smaller side, but I'm not quite sure what earlier reviewers hope for. More slots? Because whenever I walked into the newer, larger casinos, that's what I saw. Row upon row upon row of slots. It's a smaller, slightly off Strip hotel, so for the traffic, the casino is plenty spacious and there's sufficient variety of gaming as well. I did, however, feel like the $10 craps table - usually the only table operating - was a bit high relative to other casinos of it's caliber, but whatever.The restaurants aren't great, but if you're looking for an inexpensive Vegas room and don't want to break the bank, plop your butt at the nickle slots and suck down a few comped drinks. And if nothing else, Hooters provides a nice launching off point for the rest of the Strip.
3	Ok, so it's not the nicest hotel on the block but it does the job.  The first time I stayed here was right after the hotel changed owners and underwent hardcore renovations.  So, of course, it was in great condition. The beds were super comfortable and everything was clean.  I stayed here about three years later and you could tell they are not on top of the upkeep.  The parking structure elevator needs some heavy repairs and the hallways need to be cleaned. But if you're just going to Vegas to party, sleep, eat, party, sleep, eat...then the 20 bucks you'll pay for weekday rates is well-worth the price.  If you snub your nose at the Luxor, don't even think about staying here.  Still, this is a much better place and location than Circus Circus and definitely Stratosphere.  I'll be back....mostly cause I have my cheap moments.
4	I am now a fan of this place.  When I first stepped foot in this casino and wan not impressed and thought it was kind of ghetto, but after staying here for the weekend, this place really grew on me.  I like the fact the casino floor is smaller than the others on the strip.  That allows for a more intimate gaming experience.  I have always been a fan of the Hooters wings and like the close proximity to the restaurant when a wing craving hits.The room quality is not the greatest, but the quality fits the price.  I rather save a few dollars on a room that I will hardly stay in while I am in Vegas.
3	Love the wings, service is cute. We doubted our waitress would remember our order because she didn't write anything down but she was SPOT ON.You know what you get in Hooters. Well done.
2	Ok. We were just here for the food. Just the food. LOL. My friends and I were hungry after we landed --- load and behold --- there were a Hooters (and the casino!). Wings were wings. I had the burger called an "Elvis". The bbq sauce in the burger made me want to vomit. Oh. skip the local beer on tap. I forgot what it was called, but it tasted sweet. Sweet and beer is not a good combo.
3	Not only is this a great price for being so close but just far enough from the strip, the pool is TWENTY FOUR hours***. Now, I'll get back to that later-But first off- the rooms are cleanly and spacious and the staff is hit or miss. Jamie was a GREAT server poolside, she was on top of everything during the whole week and went above and beyond for many reasons.The casino itself gave 100$ voucher to play slots, but- it was only for about 6 slot machines that were gated off and I didn't witness anyone winning during the 5 minutes it took for me to blow my free money. The tables had low minimums and seemed pretty full the whole trip. I didn't get to take advantage of my free poolside drink and wings voucher or my show tickets- but they were also good perks!*** So the pools are twenty four hours, which is included in the resort fee- but the large hot tub was not in service the entire week I was there. The overnight security staff increasingly got worse. I don't believe walking up to personal items and opening bags is part of their job. We also didn't have a problem bringing our own canned beverages late night for the first few days, but later on in the week it became an issue.
5	my happy place.  i wanna win the lotto & live here until i get sick of it. i can use my deuce/ace bus pass & take the city bus up tropicana road & get to the pinball hall of fame or the airport.  oh hooters, even though you charge an $8.50 resort fee & make it hard to enter the fitness center, i could never stay mad at you.  love the self-parking, casino floor tunes, gym & pool. their comp cocktails come in 16oz plastic cups.  they hired a real talent:  todd paul.   he's a funny hustler & grifter.  todd paul's solo show(music, juggling & magic) is unique, diversified & funny.  then he & 2 comedians have a separate improved 'dirty joke' show that i can see again & again.  hip/funny dudes.   at the craps table i found casual, friendly staff--the pit boss wore a dress shirt(no tie & top button unbuttoned)  & 1 of the stickmen had tat sleeves, earrings  & a fauxhawk.  i really enjoy their non-corporate appearance & keeping it real .  the customers are fun-loving pleasure barons & baronesses too.  i forgot to drop off my room key cards & when i called them from home they said 'don't worry about it'.   this hotel/casino isn't everyone's cup of tea, but it's 5 stars to my 41 year old dirtbag-chic self.  i love you man
3	Price is very helpful for me as family trip.
2	I only came to try out the casino and restaurant, I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't rally review that part. The casino is pretty small and the games offered are all the regulars. There aren't as many table games as other casinos. The restaurant was suuper busy and the wait was really long, so we ended up eating at the sports bar, where they served the same food as in the restaurant. The fooood took forever to come out. We were practically ready to leave. And then when we finally got our wings, they weren't even that great. Uhh, and I hate how Hooters charges you extra for sauce. Everyone eats wings with sauce!
3	Stayed here on the weekend... First off, got tickets from expedia for $65 a night.Casino itself has been a little redone since when it used to be the San Remo.So we get there at 1130pm, and at first they can't find out reservation. After 20 mins of the counter person being gone, looking in the back for our reservation, she comes back to say we'd have to wait another 45 mins for them to clean a room.So we wait, and come back an hour later. Room is ready.. Good thing was we got upgraded to a tower room as opposed to a bungalow room.  Dont get me the wrong the room was nice and clean, nice beds, nice tv, etc etc.  Now the hall way to the room had seen some better days, and in a real need of a steam cleaning to get rid of all those dirty spots.. Otherwise, the casino itself, was pretty nice.Other thing that happened, was the next day after waking up from a drunken slumber at almost 2pm, we left at around 3pm to meet up with some friends, and called room service to have the room picked up and cleaned by the time we got back.Well we get back, and nothing had been done to the room. Luckily I ain't no slob, so I didnt make a fuss, and wiped my arse with the same towels from night before....LOL... OH well i figured, since we got upgraded to the towers...  I should have complained though, since they automatically add almost $9 dollars a  night for that service... Oh, and I figured, hell, lets get some wings sent up via room service.. So i call, and call, and call, and no one answers...oh, well I guess they dont want my money..fail on the wings...Would I stay here again....maybe.  I did like the fact it wasnt directly on the strip, and during the day, the casino or pool weren't super packed like all the other casinos.
2	In a word: trashy.  But that was to be expected, right?!  The outside of the hotel is grim looking- grey and dingy....which matched the walls and the dirty carpet that lines the hotel hallways.  The gaming area is small, but it was nice that there are a few reasonably priced restaurants (with decent food) attached.  The rooms were pretty much what you would expect- small, uncomfortable beds with comforters that felt a bit like sandpaper.  I will say that the room was cleaner then I expected.  On to the pool- smallish and not too impressive, has a little watterfall, dirty lounge chairs, towells are about the size of hand towells, decent size bar beside the pool.  Oh, and what's up with the girls??  This is Hooters right?  They weren't up to par.  So in a nutshell, if you're looking for a SUPER cheap stay on the strip and don't care about spending a lot of time (or any time) at your hotel, then maybe this is a good option for you.  I was happy that we were only there for a night before moving on to someplace much nicer!
2	Let me start this off by saying a pregnant girl working at hooters is kind of weird. Well at least that's what my group of friends decided.We only came here because we have never been and we both love buffalo wings. We stood in line and waited a good 20 mins to be seated. We immediately ordered our wings and ice tea, The tea arrived quickly, the wings however did not. I started to wonder if they were chasing the little chicks around demanding their wings in the fryer. I knew this wasn't the case because it was an open kitchen. They were just slow, and slow might even be an understatement. Wings came out a good 35 to 40 mins later, cold of course. Nothing special about hooters wings.  The sauce sucked, no kick at all. It really could have used some butter. The blue cheese dipping sauce came out of a peel away packet. The color was off...not sure what was going on there. I will never return.
3	so i got 2 free nights here from a local radio station, and to be quite honest is wasn't that bad. The room was nice and clean, it had kind of a island theme going on, not bad just a little white trashy. the casino is small but they do have 5 dollar craps which is hard to find on the strip. O
2	I guess you get what you pay for. Cheap hotel room during a weekday for 29 dollars! The sheets had a hole and tear in them, the bathroom had a crack on the floor and the toilet had a quirk that you had to hold down the lever for it to flush. The bed and pillows were okay. At least there was A/C!The variety of pools was good. It seemed like Goldilocks. One with the waterfall was freezing, another one closest to the entrance was cold, and the last one closest to the bar was regular temperature. The waterfall was a nice touch, though. I like that they have two jacuzzis.The worse thing is that I thought this hotel was supposed to be new!? It seemed like they took over an old crappy hotel. The elevator was ugly and bad, only one of them worked the whole time. Worst of all, no A/C in the elevator!The casino was very small, but all of the dealers and waitresses I had were nice. This casino is too far from the center of the strip, I will definitely consider a closer hotel.
3	I stayed at the Hooters Hotel for a weekend and it was around a 100 bucks, i think that's a pretty good price and its pretty close to the strip. I had no complaints, the beds were comfy and bathrooms were clean.. they have their own self service parking garage.. bar located right next to the pool with free towels. They had 3 pools and 2 jacuzzis.it was clean with a nice waterfall..very relaxing and a ton of lounge chairs. I love that the pool was 24 hours! We were there til the early morning..The hotel wasn't bad and I would def. stay here again.
4	Plenty of college kids hang here and it's a little run down, but the deals make it worthwhile - $1.50 bottles of beer, $3 breakfast, $3 blackjack, $25 rooms... One of the best bargains on the south strip (and really close to the airport). Located across the street from the MGM Grand. We wandered in here around 2am and devoured their $9.99 prime rib dinner.
1	First off, this hotel is GHETTO!!! I came here to enjoy a juicy burger and check out hot skanks, this was the wrong place to go. The parking structure is insane! its so tiny and awkwardly designed, you can barley drive your car through it! consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking. The elevators from the parking structure to the hotel/casino were semi-working. I got inside the death trap and it began to shake aggressively, stopped for a few seconds them shook again and proceeded to the main floor. Once inside the casino, it was filled with old white men, JUST men! and a few 60 something year old cocktail waitress'. I got to the restaurant, and to my surprise ALL the Hooters girls looked like something out of the Hills Have Eyes! the only hot waitress i spotted was like 7 months pregnant!.....ew. We ordered our food, 10 min go by....20 min go by....30 MINUTES go by.....ummm where the fuck is my burger? i asked my server what happened to our order, and she says "oh, umm you have to wait, the food always takes a long time" (we ordered a burger and a salad, nothing more!) after 40 minutes, i told her to cancel our order and close our beer tab. She says "ok, BYE" didn't even call a manager over or anything. VERY unprofessional.
1	Motel 6 is right next door... GO THERE! save money! Hooters is crap. Service is crap! the rooms look dirty and its so ugly. It's the same as the Motel 6. So why pay more?!
1	I've stayed in some of the worst roach infested seaside motels in California, and this was easily the worst hotel I've ever been in. It's Las Vegas, so you really aren't going to spend a ton of time in your room... however, the ability to shower before you go out is sort of a big deal. The shower in our room wouldn't drain and quickly filled up with water. I tried taking a pen and cramming it down the drain to see if I could fix it - I pulled the pen out and a hunk of foul hair and gunk came with it. The drain was plugged up with some bitch's entire weave or something... perhaps a dog. We called down to the front desk and were transferred to the wrong department, transferred to a voice mail, and hung up on twice before we were able to get them to send someone out. They sent out two maintenance guys to fix it and they spent a half hour blowing air down the drain with a hand pump. This did nothing. They left saying it was still slow, but working a little better. It didn't. All it did was make us late. It wasn't just the bathtub malfunction that was a problem... the place was disgusting. There was some sort of small turd near the entry. The vent in the bathroom looked like there was a 1000 year old dead rat inside. The air conditioner sounded like an asthmatic and the busted tile beneath it was covered in dirt. There were all sorts of stains all over the carpet and anything with a surface was covered in layers of old dirt... tops of door frames, mirrors, headboards, etc... Every shower curtain ring was broken as well - it felt like some sort of joke - like we were on some sort of reality show... someone just wanted to see us crack.Sadly... the room was 150 per night because we got there on a busy weekend I suppose. Other people online had reported paying in the 30s for their room. I wouldn't have felt right paying 30 any more than I felt right paying 150. I took pictures of everything and brought them downstairs in the morning to the manager who acted relatively nice. I showed her the pictures on my camera and she had me wait to show her head of cleaning staff who looked at them and shrugged at me dismissively.In the end, they comped my room. They should've given us tickets to something or gambling money or offered a free night in one of their nicer suites. Had they done anything more than comped the room, I would've tried to be a little more understanding. As it stands though, they did not. I paid nothing for this room in the end, and it damn near ruined my vacation. It's not worth it at 150, 90, 60, 30 dollars... not even zero. If you're a college kid who is happy drinking Bud, your idea of 'ballin' is winning 50 cents in the penny slots, and you are in Vegas to throw televisions through windows and pee in the hallway... you have found your ideal hotel. For a cheap thrill, get in the elevator and ride it as high as it will go - you will fear for your life.Fuck this place.
3	OK to stay if you are broke, or cheap.  The pool is nice, the casino is fun, the staff was very friendly, and the breakfast in the cafe was better than I expected.  The bar was a nice enough place to watch a game, and the pool bar was a lot of fun - I had great bartenders out there!!  The room was big and clean, but the rug really really needs to be replaced.  It didn't seem dirty, just old and worn.  I had a Bay View room with a view of the pool (and the rooftop hardware).  Had a nice big slider window and a half balcony, which was cool.  If they fixed up the rooms some it would be a great budget find.  As it is, it's just an OK place to sleep cheap.Can't beat the location just off the south strip for the price though, and luv the $1.50 Buds.
1	So i got htis hotel cheap, but finding out that internet is $14.95 a day. The deal basically, was no deal. I would have been better off staying some where els. If you are staying here and want no ammenities. Tis is the place.
1	My boyfriend & I reserved this room because it was one of the cheaper hotels on the Vegas strip; so we were in no way expecting the luxury of the Bellagio. But during our 3 night stay we were increasingly annoyed with the problems in the hotel & unhelpful front desk staff. I will never be staying here again, I don't care how good of a deal it is. #1- The door to the Bungalow building takes about 15 tries to unlock. They need a new lock on that building, badly. #2- The adjoining door between our room & the room next to us didn't lock on our side (lock was broken), so the neighbors could have come into our room if they wanted to. #3- We had to have maintenance come fix the toilet first thing in the morning on 2 of our days there. All of that could have been forgiven. They have $1.50 beers in their bars, $3 blackjack tables, a decent pool (even though the waterfall was broken), and a pretty convenient location. BUT.... #4- On day 2 I decided I didn't want to pay for the hotel with my debit card & asked the hotel to switch over to my credit card. To make a long story short they screwed it up & ended up tying up $536 in charges & holds on my credit & debit accounts, for a room that cost $181 total. Supposedly they submitted a reversal for the charges, but I have yet to see it process on my account (it's been 2 days so far).I went to the desk to complain to the manager (who first off had the front desk girl tell me that the manager was out on lunch, then she magically appeared after I wasn't going away), who did absolutely nothing but give me a blank stare. I resorted to listing all of the other complaints I had about the hotel in an attempt to get a reaction from her, or at least some sort of compensation, but she still said nothing other than "I'm sorry about that". I became so frustrated I ended up leaving the hotel in tears. I was expecting a budget hotel because that's what I paid for; I was NOT expecting a VACATION RUINER. I won't be returning to this craphole, not even for their $1.50 beers, simply because I'm so pissed at my experience here.If you do come to Hooters, just go for the cheap drinks & gambling. Go down the street to Imperial Palace if you're looking for a cheap room.
2	Okay the hooters restaraunt inside the HOOTERS hotel you think would be at least DECENT. Noot the wings were not crispy and average old hooters wings. I will say that the steamed oysters were good.Service average, I was only and the guy thought it was weird I didn't want to eat at the bar.I couldn't give it a 1-star because the steamed oyseters were good.
1	At $19.00 a night plus $8.50 resort fee its a great deal. It is just a step above a motel 6 like hotel. The hotel in many areas is basically falling apart.
3	For Budgetary Reasons: This place is a Winner. For a nice Vegas Get-away Stay:  This place is Mediocre.I love staying at the BIG Spender hotels, but in this economy, its better to save and pray for an awesome deal. My husband and I booked a last minute trip for 2 nights @ $34 a night. Well I put all my chips in for Hooters and my expecations weren't too high, but I was suprised that some of them were actually met.The Casino is decent, but this place is a Sausage Fest, and I mean that respectively, because I know that Men love Hooters and the girls with orange shorts, so I wasn't offended here. LOL. I enjoyed my stay  with my Husband, and if my single girlfriends were with me, Im sure they would of enjoyed their stay too. The hallways to the rooms smell like chicken wings (hooters spice), but the tower room was comfortable and the bed was nice as well. We didnt stay in our room that much, because of the awesome 24 hour POOL, 24 hour Mad Onion Restaurant and the Prime locale of being next to the strip. The $1.50 Buds is definitely one of the great factors to staying there and Taxi service is impeccable. We never had to wait as long as at other hotels.  Staff friendliness was about average, but it was hospitality hooter style - couldnt of asked for better. Overall:  If you are willing to give up high-class taste, then this place works for you.
4	After writing my original review of the hotel, I contacted the director of hotel operations to voice my complaint. She acted very quickly to right the situation; refunding some of the hotel stay & offering an upgraded 2 night stay in the future. She took the complain very seriously & because of the way she handled the situation, I would like to give them another try. After all, the casino & bars were a lot of fun!
3	After reading a ton of bad reviews here on Yelp I was really afraid this hotel would be terrible.  Well, it wasn't.  There really isn't anything wrong with this hotel.  The casino is OK, too.If you get a room facing the pool it will probably be noisy with all night partiers.  But overall I thought this was a decent, clean hotel with nice amenities (but no fridge and no wifi) near the strip for CHEAP $20 a night on a weekday/off season.
1	I stayed here for 2 nights for only $40 a night! It was very cheap and I wasn't expecting much since it was so cheap. The stay there was great. The best thing about the hotel is that their pool is 24hrs!!! It was so fabulous. I always need to rush back to my hotel before the pool closes so I can go for a dipping. I love that I am able to have access to the pool at all times. Another wonderful thing about the hotel is there 25 cents wings from 12am to 6am. Just the right time for a midnight snack!! The slot promotion kind of sux, but it doesn't really matter to me. Doesn't everything sound so wonderful? Well... it was very horrible when me and the bf left. I think there were a couple of bed bugs because the bf got several red dots on his back!!! ugghhhh. I was disusted!!! never ever going back!!!!
2	Well, i think i'm one of a hand full of ladies who actually like hooters restaurants.  so my boyfriend took myself and another couple here for my birthday dinner , one of my 4 night stay in vegas (@ treasure island)we also wanted to see there casino.. not that impressed anyway..The food was okay, the service was awful, of all the hooters i've been to this is the worst by far. And you'd think its be the BEST since its in there hotel/casino.. not the case.
2	Ok. SO..my 1st time in LV was in 2009. This was also the same year I moved here, 2 months later. We lived in SD and decided out of nowhere to bid on room on priceline. If we got it, we were coming to LV, if not - we'd stay home. Friday night 5 pm- we won our bid @ HOOTERS HOTEL & CASINO. Not quite exactly how I envisioned my 1st time in LV, but I made the best of it. BUNGALOWS: WOW.. If you can, stay in the tower. I never got to see those rooms but anythings GOT to be better than this. The room itself was ok but felt like a room in the 80's in Miami. Like something out of Miami Vice. THe boards didnt quite meet together in the restroom, there wasnt a blow dryer? oh wait, found it in the closet. It too was from the 80's. But worst of all, there was no elevator to the 2nd floor in the bugnalows. THERE WAS NO ELEVATOR TO THE 2ND FLOOR IN THE BUNGALOWS. What the... We had to lug our luggage up the stairs. Glad I didnt pack the way I normally do. The bed wasnt that comfo but lets face it your 1st time in LV you're not spending that much time in your room. It was a great economical way to enjoy our LV trip. I'd give one star for the rooms alone. Literally Holiday Inn Express is nicer than this. They get an extra star b/c of Dan Marino's. Great location! right across from the MGM and NYNY -you're entrance to the great strip. I think thats why I have a secret love for MGM. That and it reminds me of Tupac. I still miss that fool. DINING: Well we got in super late so we ate here @ Dan Marino's. Pleasant surprise! This place was freakin good! There was a long line of people waiting to eat and we thought wow, that's a long ass line, must be really good so we picked this place over the Hooters rest. in the back. Well turns out the line was waiting for some wing special at 11 or midnight that you get an obscene amt of wings for a low low price. We saw some lady walk out w/ literally 3 completely stuffed white strafoam boxes-- to the brim w/ wings. no shame - and she was by herself! I had the small ceasar salad w/ grilled ckn, super cheap like $7.99 and it was delicious. prob. 2nd best I've had next to Outback. thats another review!My bf had the steak special and he loved it. SO much food for such small price $9.99. It was quality food too. not the left over meat they shovel out to you like @ Longhorn. I'd def. add this to my rotation if I was in the area more.'HOOTERS REST: blah. I've had better I've had worse. One girl insisted on jump roping w/ a guy @ the table and since I was the only gf there w/ 3 guys -(not my idea btw) she chose mine. He was upset I didnt stop it but it was a dbl edge sword. If I stopped it I'm THAT gf. If I didn't he was upset @ me for letting him look dumb. Oh well. I've been to several Hooters and this never happened. FREE $100 in slot play huh? Its a $100 bill they give you to play the roped off slots that are rigged not to win and you bet $10 a hand. No, nobody wins with this. Its funny. We've never been back since this. POOL: The pool was the prettiest part of this place. Too bad I don't swim anyway.
1	We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
4	So I read every review of this place on here before I went to Vegas [[for the first time btw]]...and I really wasnt worried that i'd have the same concerns as some of the other peeps on here. And i was right. Ive stayed in some pretty crappy hotels, including one with bullet holes in the ceiling in San Jose. I just wanted a cheap room and so I went ahead and booked here. I stayed in a Tower room on the 15th floor...Ocean view...and the views were spectacular. We were facing the strip and had views of Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Tropicana, Excalibur, New York New York and MGM among the others scattered about through there. As far as the room goes it was very clean, and the bed was very comfortable. My comforter had major issues tho...the batting inside was all bunched up and weird. The bathroom was nice and I did keep in mind all the other reviews that said there were drainage problems, and yes our sink did drain slow on the day i left. Oh, I guess I should have stated that I stayed here for 2 nights. Anywho the one sole reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because theres no refrigerator or microwave. grrrrrrrr! Now as far as the rest of the place goes...ladies beware: the Hooters girls do not like it when you are hotter than them. and guys beware: I saw maybe 1 hot Hooters girl the entire time i was here. I ate in the resturant, played in the casino, drank at the bars and eww....my husband commented that more guys were checking me out than them. and they noticed and they were RUDE. anyways...i noticed a lot of people bitching about how the free $100 promotional slot play was a "scam"...umm its only a scam if you PAY something....is free people who cares!!! me and my husband both played and yeah we burned through that $100 in about 2 minutes..but i didnt give a crap I didnt pay anything...I just signed up for the Owl Rewards Club so whatever. If you dont wanna waste 2 minutes dont frickin play. Its simple as that. I had no luck on the regular slots...but the drink service is fast and thats all that matters. the pool is AWESOME!!! 24 hours! and it was my anniversary so swimming with the hubby at 1am rocked. DO NOT get in the pool with the waterfall...i stuck my foot in and about got hypothermia. which reminds me about the tattoo place next to the pool...AVOID at all costs....i was curious what their rates were so i went in and asked how much to touch up my tat on my back cuz its fading....and they quoted me $150-$200....i only payed $100 for the tat in the first place and have already gotten a quote for a $20 touch up so there ya go. On wednesday night we decided to check out "DJ Dynamixx" or whatever his name is at Dixies Dam Bar....WOW i was lonely in there. there was about 6 people in there max. the DJ was pretty cool tho he was playing shit from like the early 90s...when i was about 5 and my husband 12 so we we had a good time laughing about that...i was feeling pretty nostalgic. Bottom line is the hotel was just fine for my 3rd wedding anniversary because i'm not a picky spoiled brat. Sure I could have afforded to stay at the Bellagio or somewhere but I'm too down to earth for that crap and so Hooters was a great and fun experience. theres a real mix of people...and its very entertaining. I wouldn't recommend this place to everybody but give it a try.
4	This is a review of the hotel. I don't know why people are talking poorly of this place.  You really do get what you pay for.  It's not the MGM or Mandalay Bay - it's Hooters.  The room I stayed in was on the Ocean View tower (it's Vegas - there are no ocean views - I guess they meant pool).  The room was spacious.  The beds were doubles, not queens, but still comfortable.  There was just a sheet and a thin quilt on the bed, so maybe more sheets would have made it better.   The room was not a mess at all, and it didn't seem like it was falling apart.  It looked older and could be renovated, but it was still nice.   All except maybe the air conditioner, but it worked just fine. The only bad thing was the lifts in our tower were not working, so you'd have to hike it to the next tower.  A little bit of an inconvenience, but not too bad.  I guess I wasn't drunk enough. I got a great deal on this place, so I'm not complaining.Again, you get what you pay for.
1	Vegas visitor beware.Let me start with the good and the only reason/s this hotel was worth a crap.1. it was free and comped to us by a friend 2. their 9$ prime rib was waaaay better than the Planet Hollywood 40$ filet mignon I had.Ok, now onto every other factor of this place. Hope your ready...1. hotel itself = disgusting, smells like urine and raid EVERYWHERE. Its so bad that I notified the hotel security and he laughed and said "really!? wow, i guess ive been here so long I cant even smell it."2. hotel security = bunch of idiots. we got locked out of our room, they would not let us back in even tho our IDs and personal effects that we could claim were inside. We had to go thru a stupid ordeal just to get allowed back in WTF!?3. Elevators = all of them broke and I found out that they dont really ever get fixed. Not only that, their is tagging and graffiti all over the place. Where the hell is your pride of ownership? Not to mention everytime we went inside them we had to hold our breath because if it wasnt the urine smell it was the overwhelming smell of raid roach spray!4. Dealers = i forgot her name but she was a total %&^%$ to us and made it completely un-fun to play they so we went and dropped a few hundred at PH Westgate instead, where we actually felt welcome5. Carpets = stains all thru-out. Disgusting!6. Room Service = incompetent. They delivered our food and then made us feel super bad because we didnt have EXACT change because guess what... they dont carry change on them when they deliver your food. Are you serious? She looked at me and went "you dont have change? ahhhhhhhh, i guess i can go back down and get your change if you really want me to" ... Are you ^%&^#ing joking me!? Of course I want you too idiot. I gave you an 18% gratuity to simply bring food to my door. You didnt cook it, you walked it up and dropped it off. So what? I should give you an extra 11 dollars cause you didnt bring change... BEAT IT!Over all, I brought a celebrity here and this place is a fricking joke. I would think even with someone of class we would be treated better. Its miserable and the owners should be ashamed of their establishment. I was embarrassed for them. I have been all over the world and never felt more unwelcome and inconvenienced.Owners - with all respect, i think its important you start communicating with your clients to hear and feel their disappointment. Feel free to contact me  danny@npmusic.com
4	This is all coming from a girl who just needs a relatively clean place, a bed that isn't concrete, air conditioning and running water in Vegas.  I don't need pretty, I don't need all that snotty stuff.So I was originally going to stay at the Sahara... that's where I usually stay... it's cheap, easy, and on the strip.  But I saw the prices were comparable here (average of $50 a night, holiday weekend) and decided to give this place a try.Things I like about this place:~ You actually win in this casino.  My only thought is that it's like that because it's not on the strip.~ The $1.50 Bud/BudLight/Bud Lime!  The best thing about the whole place.  The other beers cost $5.50. Yikes.~ Photos of hot chicks everywhere.  Funny tho... I didn't actually see any hot chicks.  Except the one chick running cocktails to the gamblers... but she was the only one.~ The beds are pretty soft and comfy.  Pillows leave something to be desired tho.  Bring your own if you are picky about your pillows.~ The view I had... I was in the Oceanview tower and I wasn't facing the pool... I was facing the strip.  So I had this great view of the Luxor, New York New York, MGM, Excalibur... it was nice.Things that left me wondering "WTF?":~ The drainage issues, as mentioned in other reviews.~ The batting in the comforter on the bed was all weird... it's like it was a duvet that wasn't properly attached or something.~ The parking garage elevators.  I swear, we thought we were going to die in those things by falling through the floor or something.All in all... it was a great trip.  In fact, I would choose this place over the Sahara.  The location is great.
1	This was our 3rd and final time ever staying here.  Our first stay was shortly after it opened, but sadly, the quality is really bad now. We have always known its not a 5 star hotel (Hotwire rates it a "3"... really?!) and never expected it to be, but we kept coming back because we really like the location - right near all the other big, popular casinos , how easy it is to get to your rooms, and loads of free parking. Realistically, it should now be 1 1/2 star rating.  Here's why - the air quality in the rooms is horrid, the bed smelled bad, the bed sheets smelled nasty, the carpet is stained and smells moldy.  When you wake up in the morning be warned -  you'll have a bunch of yuck in your throat.  Maybe I'm being too harsh, a group of homeless people liked it enough to set up camp on the northeast corner.  They were nice - I mean the one passed out on the only sidewalk to get anywhere from Hooters moved out of the way quick enough when asked.  The sidewalk (past the homeless people) you'll discover a gauntlet of trash, pee, hundreds of nasty cans, bottles, dirt, clothes, shoes, and food.  I know its not Hooter's responsibility to monitor this, but common sense should kick in here - it's THE ONLY SIDEWALK OUT and if I were in charge I'd send my own people there to clean up the trash and steam clean the sidewalk.  It would take 2 hours at the most.  Your guests use this sidewalk so its pretty much your porch and its terrible to have to walk thru this every time you want to go.Shame on you Hooter's!
3	This place was decent, not anything special. They do have good prices though, and the hot sauce they have is fantastic. That's about it, oh yeah and the women were not fine at all.
1	Last time I was in Las Vegas I visited the Hooters Casino because there were big billboards all over town that said "$100 Free Slot Play!".The hotel / casino is off the strip so its a small drive...we figured it was worth the drive for a deal like that.  As you may know most of the big casinos offer free slot play to people who join their individual player clubs for the first time so it seemed like a great deal.After driving and parking we waited in a big line to get our players club card and were instructed on which slot machines we could "play" our free slot money.  Turns out it was only on a small bank of "promotional" machines that you would only win a small amount of money if you hit one of those impossible jackpots.  The whole time we were there no one won anything.  Just like some other people have posted here it is pretty much false advertising...at least compared to other casinos.  We also got a bunch of random casino coupons...one of them was a match play coupon for blackjack...I put 50 bucks down on a hand of blackjack with the coupon, won the hand and left the hotel with that money in my wallet.   I have not been back.:0)
3	I have had several experiences with this hotel.The first was when the USA 7's International Rugby Tournament was in town and the opening night party was at the Hooter's pool. They did a good job of accommodating all of the wild partying. They even set up long tables for beer pong, flip cup and the like. Despite the freezing temperatures and the need to huddle under the outdoor heaters or in the hot tub, Hooter's did a good job keeping everyone happy.The second experience was the next day when I went up to my friend's room (we were staying at the Motel 6 next door... see other review). I was expecting a trashy room with Hooter's orange all over the furniture. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, clean and did not smell like too many bad nights. The dark oak furniture and modest bedding gave the room a much classier look than the hotel's name would suggest. Fast forward 4 months when a friend and I booked a room at Hooter's for a 2-night stint in Sin City. We arrived mid-afternoon about an hour after check-in. We were checked into a room on a high floor with a partial mountain view and full pool view. After a long trek down the hallway to the very end, we couldn't get the key card to work. The lights on the door wouldn't even light up (red or green). We tried slow, fast, leaving it in, everything imaginable. Finally, I went down to the front desk and asked for a new card. Same problem. I went down again. New card. Same problem. My friend went down. New card. Same problem. Finally they sent a security guard up to help us. He tried our card and had the same problem (duh). Then several other guards showed up to help. So if you have ever wondered how many security guards it takes to open a hotel room door, the answer is 4. Our room key still didn't work so he finally tried his universal swipe card and gained access without a problem. He said that they have been having problems with this door all week. -Isn't that something? They knew the door didn't work but still decided to assign us to the room. - He then wished us well and started to leave. "No, wait!" I shouted from the bedroom area. I explained to him that we would still be locked out of our room without a working key card and door. We had no intention of staying in the room all weekend. We needed a working key. He seemed surprised like he hadn't thought of that. He said he would go down and take care of it. We hung out in the room and started getting ready for our night out as we were still in our comfy driving clothes. He returned 20 minutes later with a luggage cart and new room keys for a different room. He asked us if smoking was okay and we reluctantly agreed after we were assured that the smoke smell isn't that bad. He helped us haul our bags down to the new room and made sure the new keys worked. However, the room was practically dripping in cigarette stench. The whole ordeal had worn us out and the security guard was already going above and beyond his job description so we kept our mouths shut and thanked him.They should have upgraded us to a suite for wasting our time and trying our patience but they insisted all of the suites were booked. I actually believe them because they only have a few. They are not a mega resort with entire floors full of suites.The room was not as nice as the one my friend had been in despite the fact that it was the same rate level. Oh well, whatever. The shower was nice.We finished getting ready and wandered down to the Hooter's restaurant. Not our first choice but after 5 hours in the car and 2 hours getting into the room. We were in town for my friend's birthday and the waitresses sang to her even though she asked that they didn't. Serves her right for even mentioning it. The server we had was the token pregnant Hooter's waitress. She was very nice and friendly. Her being pregnant and not trying to flaunt her sexuality (they even have special clothes for the preggo chicks) probably made her the best server because she focused on the customer instead of just exploiting tips from horny, drunk guys. On another note: Much love to Hooter's girls. I actually don't hate Hooter's or the image it strives for. More power to you girls. LOL.After that we didn't do much in terms of using the hotel or casino. We went to other pools for our daytime lounging and other casinos to feed our addiction and other clubs to dance the night away. We slept and showered at Hooter's but that was about it.Oh yeah, the parking garage is the best bet when parking although the elevators down to the casino are very dirty, smelly and frankly - just scary. The valet is very slow and definitely not worth the effort. You can stop in the valet station and no one will acknowledge you for 10 minutes. I swear. It has happened to me 3 times out of 3 attempts.
1	This review is for the casino only. I can't speak about the hotel or the food, but other reviews here lead me to believe I'm not missing much.A few friends and I were staying at NYNY, and decided that we would try and find some cheaper blackjack tables to maximize our table time. We'd heard that the relatively new Hooters Hotel had $3 BJ tables, so we made the half mile or so trek from our hotel. What a waste of time. The way Hooters advertises it (giant banners down the side of the hotel proclaiming "$3 Blackjack 24/7!"), you'd think they would at least have several tables at this price. Nope. They had two $3 tables (both full of course), and all the rest were $10 and above.In sticking with the company slogan of being "delightfully tacky", the casino area itself looked pretty low class. This is coming from someone who is most definitely NOT a high-roller, but for a fairly new hotel on the Vegas strip, this casino looked and felt out of place. Not a place I see myself going out of my way to visit again.
1	I like how its cheap, but does it really need to look cheap? It's as though they decided oh let's take over San Remo and add some cheap things to make it appear as if they are staying at a beach house in Vegas. They glued some wood to the wall for the headboard and cut(not a clean cut either) an uneven rectangle for the outlet. The signs that most hotels use to advertise conserving water has a nice approach but this sign says "Do you really need clean sheets/towels?" whoa...of course I do. Are you telling me that if that previous customer didn't touch that towel and left it folded, that you will leave that in there? Scary thought. Clean sheets is a must! Doesn't help that they had a burned cigarette hole in the comforter in a non-smoking room. But of course what do you expect from a room that was about $75 on a Saturday night during Halloween. Glad I only stayed there for one night
1	The Casino is small and seedy. The kinda coyote ugly themed bar is nothing but plain and stupid. It's probably no surprise that Hooters Casino is awful. Have some dignity my friend, don't stay here and don't stop by.
1	Worst place to stay at.  Very dirty
1	Went here in Aug, very cheesy. What you expect from Hooters, enough said.
4	This was the first time we had ever eaten at a Hooters and it was actually a very pleasant surprise! The food was tasty and the service was good. I loved the shirt I bought at the store but I left it on the monorail which was VERY upsetting. I think I'll be back!
3	The service was a bit lacking, but then again what do you expect from a restaurant inside a casino? I decided to try the wings and they lived up to the hype I'd always heard. The wings were the only reason this place didn't get a one- or a two-star rating.
2	Not the best Hooters I've been to, but the wings were great as usual! The staff wasn't the friendliest, but I was not let down by the mozzarella sticks!
3	Ok, so I went in expecting the worst, and it wasn't all THAT bad. The staff was fairly pleasant, and would bring us whatever we requested (hangers, towels, soap, etc..) right away. But this does not include the servers in the two restaurants inside. They gave my friend and I the absolute WORST service we ever had EVERY single time we went to either of them. At least the food was fantastic.We chose to have a smoking room so I'm assuming that's why our room looked extremely old and outdated. We only had two electrical outlets in the room; one in the bathroom and one by the end of the room near the window. Everything was unplugged as well, and being that we had limited outlets we had to sacrifice light for the sake of having our cell phones charged.  We also had no way of plugging in our TV so that option was scratched. The cheep beer made up for our frustrations, but come on..this need to be worked on. Ohhhhh! And our AC unit was from the Stone Age, and had apparently not been used for a while so we had a field day trying to get it to work. What a mission! We sweat pretty bad that first night, but thankfully we managed to get it started the next evening.
3	Hooters is a good place to go and have an ok time. There aren't too many blackjack tables and the cheap $3 tables they advertise are usually full. The bar has $1.50 bud, bud light, and bud light lime. This is cool but I'm used to cocktail waitresses bringing me beer for free expecting only a tip in return. The hooters restaurant is pretty good, depending on where you're sitting of course. Overall this place is just not that bad. If you can do well in the gambling here, then you'll have a good time. If not, you'll be bored at the least, and if you're loosing, then miserable. Luckily the parking is easy in and easy out. Except of course for the spaces being tight and people parking like morons=friday night, have to park high up.
2	This was my first experience with staying at the hotel and will be my last and it's all because of the check-in staff that made my trip start off on the wrong foot. You get good bang for you buck if you stay it since it's not too far if you don't have a car, it's across from MGM, next to Tropicana, which is across from Excaliber and NY, NY. Maybe, not the my extravagant hotels on the strip or the newest but it's affordable gambling to lose your money at blackjack, craps and roulette! At least you can spend hours here and not mere minutes. Back to the check-in staff! WORST EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD IN VEGAS! Come on...it's Vegas and a hotel near the strip where rooms are plentiful!  You'd think CUSTOMER SERVICE In LAS VEGAS would be on top of their game, right? Man, we were wrong! No reservation that was prepaid! On top of that, there was nothing the staff wanted to do about it except charge her a night's stay until it was straightened out in the morning. I don't think so for 2 reasons:1) She had the confirmation email saying it was confirmed from Expedia2) I had my own room, why would I have her pay when she could stay w/ me?I think this person has cheap friends because she told me it wouldn't be fair if I let her stay in my room without having her pay anything since I paid for mine already. She was lazy because she wouldn't call Expedia herself so we did right in front of her who called her as we were looking straight at the her. It took about an hour to check in and I was one grumpy NY-er. DON'T DO IT! It totally wasted the sleeeeeeeeeeeep I needed for the Santa run.
3	C'Mon people.....this place is average. We stayed here because it was the only 3 star hotel under $100 a room the night before New Year's Eve. Check-in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful. We went to the Hooters restaurant in the hotel for wings and fries. Service was quick enough....food was good. We stayed in room 509 in the Bay View tower. The room was clean. Carpet is stained, but the bed and bathroom were fine. I was really worried about staying at this hotel aftger reading all of the awful reviews on here. If you're like me, please don't worry. As long as you aren't expecting the Wynn, you'll be fine. We have stayed at the New Orleans and the Sahara and our room here was better than both of those.
1	Ok- here's how this went down...The Girl, her parents, The Boy and I are in Vegas- I insist on going to Hooters for dinner one night because I'm tired of all the foofy places that have been being suggested. We have a minor with us so we have to wait for a table in the kid's section, no big deal- I had no problem waiting.What sucked was our waitress- I guarantee that she thought that because we weren't drinking and because we were sitting in the family section that she wasn't going to make money off of us- what she doesn't know is that I am a notoriously generous tipper...she should have tested the water instead of ignoring us, getting our order wrong and then trying to scam us.They tossed The Boy's wings in the same sauce as mine- I ordered 3 Mile, he ordered BBQ- HUGE difference- when I pointed it out she didn't even apologize- just whisked them away and brought new wings. TWICE I had to go find her to bring us refills on our drinks- and then at the end of the night she charged us for things we didn't have and brought us some imprint of my credit card to sign...she brought me a BLANK imprint of my credit card to sign- no total, no nothing, just a blank license to take as much money as she wanted from me. I don't think so darling.So in the end, she got a s****y tip, a dirty look and her self fulfilling prophecy was ultimately fulfilled. Congratulations lady! You ruined everyone's night! Good Job!
2	Inexpensive small hotel casino that offers little else.  The Hooters restaurant in this place is HUGE but I don't think the food is all that great compared to other Hooter restaurants.  Needless to say, pray that you don't get one of the older rooms overlooking the pool known as the bungalows...Instead opt for the Tower rooms and get the highest floor possible, trust me.I stayed here while working on a fighter and he had connections to this hotel so I gave it a whirl (it was free).  As a "VIP" they brought up a gift basket containing a cheap bottle of wine and 4 Bud lights with peanuts and a Hooters 50cent wings coupon.  Really?  OK my expectations where floored after this.The room is a typical Howard Johnson/Ramada Inn type of room with Tommy Bahama theme.  Nothing special but the Tower rooms were new and clean with a window air conditioner.  The Bungalow rooms were horrible.  The hallways stunk and were dirty, the rooms were old with sliding screen doors from the 70s.  They all had the Tommy Bahama theme but these rooms and floors were in trouble and need to be torn down.The casino bar is literally bigger than the casino or poker room that was located next to the elevators and by the bathrooms.  Nice.  They have a Punishment Store (Tito Ortiz) that looks like a closet.  The staff is friendly but very young, like a bunch of young 18-21 year olds here.   The club here is non-existent but the pool is actually very cool with a huge water fall.  Definitely a shorts and T-shirt sipping on a bud light kind of place.
1	This review is for the restaurant only.  Crappy service, same food you can get at any other Hooter's restaurant, just 50% higher price.  Go if you want the food you're used to but be prepared to pay extra and don't expect service anywhere close to any other Hooter's restaurant.  I also have to say that the waitresses in this location are sub par in the looks department.  Don't expect eye candy.Regarding the hotel and casino, they are both shit holes.  I do like going to the bar to grab some $1.50 Bud and Bud Light bottles, but that's as far as I ever get in this place.  Great service at bar and super cheap beers.
2	This review is for the restraunt ONLY!! My best friend was dying for Hooters chicken...so we came here to get her fix. It wasnt too busy but seemed like our wait was longer then it should have been. Anyway typical hooters menu...I got my usual FRIED PICKLES!! They were good as usual!! Nothing to exciting or special here...and FYI the Hooters girls werent as HOOTERIFFIC as I thought they would be...I mean you would think its VEGAS!! Anyway that was my hooters experience in vegas!!
2	The only two things I come to Hooters for are the girls and the wings. Otherwise, you can easily get better food and service elsewhere. So I'm only going to review this Hooters against other Hooters I've been to.Having said that, while the girls here are very attractive, they're definitely not as engaged as just about every other Hooters I've been to. That's a big one since part of the Hooters experience is how friendly the girls are. While the wings are just as good as the other Hooters, the menu does not give you the option of having your wings Daytona style, another thing that separates Hooters from other wing places. All in all, the only thing going for this Hooters is its convenience and proximity to the Strip. Otherwise, if you're driving, go to the one on Rainbow Blvd.
2	Review based on gambling only...Off the strip prices, on the strip hotel. Very affordable casino, great for the budget minded partier like me. Cheap beers, low limit card tables, fast cocktail service (don't forget to serve these cuties tip!). After doing my typical casino tour of the nice hotels when visiting Vegas, this place surely stood out (don't call me Shirley!). The craps table had a dingy orange surface, the leather around the table was ripped, there was dust accumulating between the craps board and the dice cushion, the floor boards were falling apart, and the list goes on. But after a few drinks I didn't mind. The dealers were down to earth and friendly, the seats were comfortable, and the waitresses were prompt with my drinks and cute in their short shorts. I like to sit at the $10 Pai Gow table which is right next to the bar where the waitresses get their drinks. Granted it was a slow night but I must have got 5 drinks in 15 minutes, even turning down a few drinks! 2-stars if you're sober, 3-stars if you've taken advantage of their drink specials. 2.4-sounds about right. I wont tell my friends I look forward to coming here, but Hooters will always be in the back of my mind.
2	JUST WANTED WINGS !!!Sat at the bar and ordered wings.. service was ok BUT !!  I ordered HOT and they were not even close to hot. They charge like 1.25 for ANY sauce to dip, even the 1st one YIKES !!  Nothing says dont come back better than that. Next night we went to Dick's in Excaliber and had there wings  WOW !!  What a difference in wings and no charge for the dressing.
4	I will admit, the idea of booking a room at a hotel from a company that makes their money by marketing hot wings with big breasted women seemed a little bit scary, but with a smaller budget than usual, and a huge hankering to go to Vegas, I crossed my fingers and went with it...and was immensely pleased with my decision. The total cost of my room (split with a friend of mine and without the stupid resort fees) was 88 dollars for 2 nights. Now I don't know about you, but to me, that is a steal anywhere, and especially in Vegas. Again, I was worried that I had just thrown myself into a trashy, rundown dump of a place but again, I was wrong. The room was clean and comfortable, complete with a sliding door and dinky little patio, not good for anything, but great for airing out the room and letting in some fresh air. The beds were also came as surprise. They weren't the biggest beds I've ever seen in a room, but they were incredibly comfortable, and clean. Sheets were soft and felt washed. (I've stayed in other hotels where the sheets were "Clean" but smelled old and  musty). Even the bathroom was a nice once. Big shower, nice long counter top, comfy toilet. Only bummer was there was no fan to keep the air fresh, but then again, I was in the room so little, it didn't really come to my attention.I was worried about location as well. It's off the strip, down Tropicana, but even then, it's only about a block from the main drag, and an easy block at that. It may be the last real "Casino" on Tropicana, but it's amazingly close to MGM, New York New York, Excalibur, and Luxor, all of which can be walked to in less than 5 minutes. The Casino itself is on the small side, with fewer tables and slots than most larger ones, but they do have 3 dollar blackjack 24/7, even if it's a little difficult to get on the table at 11 pm. But I'm not a huge gambler and rarely gamble at the hotel I stay at so the small atmosphere didn't bug me in the least.Not too many complaints then other than some of what others have said. Parking is easy to get to and close to the hotel but the garage is oddly designed, and covered in random places with annoying speed bumps, the outer elevators are, as someone else stated, creepy: they're dirty, scratched, and oddly cold, kinda like a horror film (but then again the ride is like 10 seconds each way, and you're in the actual car for so little, you forget these things as soon as you enter the casino). And finally, while the garage is close to the casino, the elevators are all the way in the back so if you have a lot of luggage, be prepared to lug it all the way from the rear of the casino to the check in counter all the way at the front. Simply put Hooters is the best value for your hard earned cash. Sure, you could go spend 200 or 300 a night on a room at the Aria, or Caeser's palace, or you could save all that money for other things and book a cheap cheap, quality room at Hooters.
1	Went here out of Starvation/desperation, after hitting the sportsbook for a quick wager. We weren't in the mood for wings being that we ate the night before at Buffalo Wild Wings (which by the way Hooter doesn't hold a torch to)..Opted for a burger and philly cheese steak sandwich instead.This was probably the blandest Philly cheese steak sandwich I've ever eaten in my life. My fries were worse than frozen ora Ida out the bag from walmart. My BF said the burger was just as bad. I found a bottle of hot sauce on the table and proceeded to dump it all over my sandwich...still no flavor, seriously not even the onion or grilled peppers tasted like anything, how is that even possible? The best thing in that meal was my Heinz ketchup.When the check came our waitress asked how the food was, I told her it was really bad and had no flavor...Her response :." Yeah I know they don't season the food I stick to the wings" ...I wish I had heard that gem before I ordered.But the extra bonus of the evening was watching the pregnant hooters girl in shorts delivering food to table.. OH EM GEE.  P.S. I took pics! lolAvoid this place like the plague..
1	Ordered the hot wings twice and both times they came with feathers, asked for the manager and the manager apologized only once and said it happens from time to time ( if this has been happening don't you think it should be fixed by now) Our food was brought out 30 minutes after and by that time everyone at our table food was already cold and most of us lost our appetite. The manager never came back to check on the food, the food runner had an attitude and the sever spent more time flirting with the table next to us than checking up on our returned food, the only thing good during my visit was our drinks. We frequently go to the Hooters in Anaheim, CA and we have never had something like this happen to us or received such unprofessional service.
3	Last minute trip to Vegas? Looking for a Cheap Hotel? Hooters is your best bet! The rooms are alright.... there is absolutely no view outside the windows.... but who really spends that much time in their hotel room in Vegas anyways?? The price for a room over MLK Weekend was $90. Not bad for a really busy weekend. The only thing was I felt like I couldn't really walk around without my shoes on... until I had a few shots of vodka, but can't really expect that much out of Hooter's right? And awesome drunk munchies (Wings and $3 breakfast) at 4am right downstairs! And that's always necessary for a Vegas hotel to have!
3	Draft shouldn't be blank.
2	Came here after an epic night in vegas and was craving some of the best wings on earth.  Mind you we are regulars at the infamous mission valley (San Diego) hooters, so we had very high standards for hooters.  We each ordered the 20 piece hot wings for the typical price of $16.99 and some fries.  Wings were done the hooters trade mark greasy way which was tasty but everything is tasty during a hangover.  What gave this hooters such a low rating was not the food but the bad and none existent service.  Our server Laura seemed incompetent to handle the 4 tables she was incharge of.  I think its unfair to give the this place of great food a 2 star rating because of 1 chick but since there isn't a separate grading scale on yelp for servers i'll just have to make do.  thank laura for these 2 stars!
2	Stayed here for three nights if you are looking for a cheap place to stay and plan on enjoying all that Las Vegas has to offer other than this place and just need a place to sleep and shower then this is your place. It is not bad but I wouldn't let my mother stay here. You know the old saying you get what you pay for and at 40 dollars a night that is true here.
1	The location is convenient, the  staff was courteous and professional. Stayed here for two nights because of an internet "deal".  There is a view of KLAS airport on one side and construction on the other side of the hotel.I got the room for only $20.00 per night and  the "resort fee" of $8.00 per night.  I still don't get the "resort" fee!  What resort????  Hooter's is everything you might expect and more  If you're expecting a place that is  grungy, dirty and lacking any class.  Hooter's Casino is run down and in my opinion really gives their restaurant chain a worse reputation.      The biggest reason for the low star rating is that the room I stayed in (1233) was INFESTED with bed bugs.   I've never  seen bed bugs in my life until this stay.  The bugs got into my suit case and clothes.   I had bites all over my body.   I had to go through ALL of my things including my suitcase and shoes and have them bagged and washed before returning home.    The carpets had stains and the room smelled bad.  There was pubic hair on our "new" sheets! I would  only consider staying at this hotel again IF you paid me $2000 per night!  That way I can hire a cleaning service to replace the bed, bedding, carpet etc... and have a bit left over.   I don't want free wings or a room comp etc...If you want low cost Budweiser and cute women, there are MUCH better places on the strip without the insects.
1	BED BUGS!!!!!Two words that accurately describe Hooters!  I still have the marks to prove it!  Still itching after my horrible stay!I came to Vegas to attend a convention at the MGM and Hooters was inexpensive and convenient since I can walk across the street to MGM for my workshops.  After the first night of staying at Hooters, I went to my workshop and was scratching throughout the day.  Another night's stay at Hooters and it got worse.  The room we stayed in was infested with bed bugs.  We were on the 12th floor.We called them to complain and apparently Hooters knew they had bed bugs on the 7th floor.  Apparently they didn't know they also had them on the 12th.  You'd think if they knew they had bugs on the 7th, they'd really try hard to make sure none of the other floors were infested.They were in my suitcase (don't EVER leave your case on the floor) and clothes.  I had to decontaminate everything including washing out my suitcase.  They little buggers hide in cracks and crevices and I had to make sure none of them hitched a ride home or my house would be infested.Yes Hooters was inexpensive and convenient but NEVER NEVER will I stay at this place.  I'm seriously still itching from the scratches.  My right arm had a total of 11 bites.  My left arm had a total of 7.  My right leg had 5.  My left leg 3.  Back five.  Face, one.DISGUSTING!!!!
1	Not sure it deserve a star, We were there for wings, and beer. Here is how it all played out. We ordered drinks and an appetizer to start. She brought the wrong beer, we wanted bottle, no biggie until she said "well it is cheaper....." pretty sure we didn.t care. anyways, waiting twenty minutes, for the appetizer mind you, never saw the server again. then.... we got up and left. on the way out, someone(the nicer of the two here) decided to at least pay for the beer. got the manager, when he went to print the check, the food wasn't even put in yet..... never again hooters... never again ( ps..... not even an I am SORRY)
2	Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
2	This is no high class joint.  The elevators to the parking garage is down right scaawwry.  The casino is like being in an actual Hooters in your favorite garage sale, NASCAR-loving white trash town.  This place actually smells like chicken wings.That being said...for the price you can get this for on Priceline, you can't beat it.  It is close to the excitement on the south strip and the rooms are clean and average....a decent place to crash when you come back from having fun at other casinos.
2	So, a Hooter's in Las Vegas would be really over the top, right?  The Nexus of Sin meets The Strip Mall Equivalent, should be antimatter versus matter in a no-hold's-barred test of tits, right?Boring, incompetent staff, stupid wait for a seat at the bar... but A-plus on tolerance and good-humor.  They dealt with a real winner at one end of the bar who, in Jersey, gets thrown out with a smack upside the head.  It's nice to see people being nice to stupid animals.The burger was good, actually not a bad place for cheaper eating options but I'd be inclined to skip it, and it ranks low against other incarnations of the franchise.-C
2	Uhm... I'm not even sure what to say about this place. It was uhm interesting. Friends are staying here for the week, and their room smelled gross. They basically had to constantly keep their door/window open to let the room air out. The hall smelled like urine. The rooms itself looks a little outdated, but the beds were comfy so i guess thats one positive thing. I personally wouldn't stay here. Ever. I'm really not that picky, this place just sucks. Yeah, sure, hooters rooms are cheap, but you get what you pay for... I guess if you intend on staying here, come here with an open mind, or shit-faced so you can't remember how shitty your room was haha. After all, thats the point of coming to Vegas, right?
1	Can't expect anything good from a place that's based on T&A as their selling factor.  The burger is claimed to be hand formed daily and they ask how you like it cooked. I asked for medium and got well.  Sent it back and got well again.  I just asked the manager if I could walk out and he said okay.  Just a bad experience.
1	Okay where do I start my overall experience was a diaster.  Having stayed at so many hotels in Vegas I must say this was the worse.  First off they give us the wrong room we made reservations for two. We asked for a roll away bed they decided to give this to us the morning that we were checking out. They never answered when we would call for services they did not accomodate us. You would think you would get good service what you pay for. I know cant ask more for a cheesy theme for a hotel but seriously thought theyd be professional about their business. They made our stay far from enjoyable and comfortable. There wasnt enough staff far as waitress never received service while we were gambling. I just have to say I would never go back In my experience wouldnt recommend it . I would rather sleep in my car hope this was helpful to you.. They get  a Big F
1	So I travel a lot here for work and have stayed at Sams Town and some of the lower places but this one is at the dead bottom . I thought I had out smarted my paps and found a better deal and closer place but turned out he had the nicer place farther away for less $ , Note to self Hooters Hotels is a NoGo d
4	I stay at this hotel pretty often. This is why:- Price (usually one of the cheapest in the area, I once got $30 a night rooms over a weekend, in the off-season). Suites and jacuzzi suites (REAL jacuzzis, not sad, fancy bathtubs that 2 people can't sit in) are pretty affordable too! Those also have wet bars with minifridges.- Location, just off the strip!- 24/7 pool and jacuzzi- Friendly service- Spacious, clean roomsCons:- Room service food is pretty shitty. Nothing has any flavor, and they always miss something ( a spoon, more coffee cups, etc).- Not much of a variety of restaurants- Although they're clean, the facilities are pretty old, and run down in some areas.- Bored, overstaffed security who do things like question you if you go outside in the alley to talk to a friend in private. - Inconvenient parking with scary elevatorsI know that bedbugs are a different story, but I don't understand all the hating going on here. You get what you pay for, this place is clean, and it's a steal. No spa, gym or water show like the fancier hotels, but if you want a cheap place to stay that's worth the money, this is where I usually look when I'm on a budget. They brought back 25 cent chicken wings at the restaurant downstairs, too!
1	Hooters has a sign that takes up an entire side of their hotel that advertises their 24 hour $3 blackjack game. The funny thing about this huge ass sign is that it fails to mention that there is only ONE $3 blackjack table in the entire casino, and that is has shitty 6:5 odds, no re-buys, and that it will always be crowded. The casino here is small, sticky, and everything smells like chicken wings.If you've ever been to a Hooters restaurant, just imagine all the worst and horrible things about it, stick a blackjack table in it, and allow people to sleep and stay in your restaurant. That's how bad this place is. At least by visiting this once, I now know, and don't ever have to correctly assume to never come back here again.
2	I have stayed here many times, but I will now find somewhere else to stay.The front desk people are never very friendly.  Our first room of this last visit was nasty.  The bathroom tile was coming up and the door hinges were rusty and the paint was coming off the wall near the tub.  The tub had grout coming off.  No continuing maintenance is going on.  Our A/C did not work and we had to be transferred at 11:30 pm to another room.  This means that the maid did not report it not working or that they did not fix it.Our second room was almost as bad.  The bathroom was in the same sorry shape, but the room was nicer.  The Casino is always fun and great priced for being small and off the strip.  The pool can get a little crowded, but the pool bar and hooters restaurant overlooking the pool are fun.I won't be back until some remodel is done.  Going to try the "New" Tropicana.
5	I just recently went to Vegas and while taking pictures at New York hotel I noticed Hooters in the distance. I jumped at the chance to go there. It's off the Strip. I try not to venture off the strip if possible but it's Hooters. Great service and lovely ladies. I had their bleu cheese burger and I thought it was awesome. Their wings? Geez no wonder they are famous for it! Wow! Yummy!
4	This hotel in my opinion, is a hidden gem! People may think that the Hooters hotel would be a trashy one, but it is quite the opposite. It has fabulous tropical themed rooms! they were very clean and comforatable as well! They allowed us late check out- all the way till 2pm. They also have a 24 hour pool and Jacuzzi open 365 days a year, with bonfire pits as well. What a place! The only bad was the resort fees and I was kinda bummed that they rave and pride themselves about having a heated pool all year long, but it was ice cold while I was visiting in January, besides that, love it, and what a price! :)
3	Fried pickles are too salty, cole slaw is blah, and the bun on the buffalo chicken sandwich is useless. Go to a Hooters closer to home...it will be much better than this. Here, it's shuffle you in and get you out quick.
3	Hooters is surprisingly nice. The rooms were completely decent and although the hotel is a tiny bit off the strip, it's a great place to stay if you're on a budget but still want a nice room. The gambling is cheap, I think it was 5 dollar buy ins, and 25 cent chicken wings for a post drunken chow fest. This hotel is perfect for the summer when you can gamble cheap all day here and then walk over to the mgm lazy river. 3 hoots for hooter!
2	If budget is your only concern than by all means stay here, but if you could spare an extra $10 a night, stay somewhere else! You have been forewarned!  Place is run down and still under contruction.  I saw dudes working on every floor doing various minor cosmetic and some major cosmetic repairs!  Made me weary.  but I should have known from the start what I was in for just from their tiny a$$ parking lot!  then their old and very unstable elevator ( felt like ppl were shaking it).  The rooms/hotel had a stale smell.do not stay unless u on a tight budget!! I know repeated! =)  but have fun!
2	On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a bachelor's party, and Hooters is where they guys wanted to stay. Though I prefer to lodge elsewhere, I didn't want to separate myself from the group, so I took a deep breath, and dived into the place that I was so happy to check OUT of a couple of days later. My feeling of dejection began the moment we pulled into the garage. Everything is tightly packed in the garage, so each time we turned a corner to ascend to the next level, I had to close my eyes out of fear of that we'd scrape the car against a pillar, or another vehicle. In the garage, there's an elevator, which takes you to the casino level of the main building. The elevator is as dirty and raggedy as something you'd see in a rundown portion of an old NYC subway station. Unlike many other hotel/casinos, which have adequate ventilation systems, to counter the smoke, this casino floor smelled like a tobacco factory. I will give credit to the check-in staff, however, they were very friendly, and a pleasure to interact with! The rooms were ok, nothing special, but it was clean, no bad smells, and I did have a decent view of the strip (8th floor). It's an older no-frills place, so I wasn't expecting marble floors and stone counter tops, so I was ok with what was there. The only issue that I had inside of the room was the shower. The shower heads have only one pressure setting, and it feels like needles pricking your skin. Otherwise, the accommodations where aligned with the pricing of the facility. I'd say there's a very low likelihood that I'll ever lodge at Hooters again. For me, it's definitely more worthwhile to spend the extra money and stay someplace directly on the strip, with a higher star rating. For the drunken Las Vegas visitor, who just needs a place to sleep, then this is the place for you. Again, despite my dislike for the place overall, I give kudos to the check-in staff for maintaining customer service competence, regardless of the surroundings.
4	I love Hooters. And it's not just because I have them...haha. No but seriously, I don't know why so many bad reviews. I've stayed here several times and its cheap, good food and close enough you can walk to the strip. The rooms have always been nice, the pool is big and I've won decently here several times (though we are talking slot machines, not tables). Plus, theres a little hooters gift shop. Personally, I like it here.
1	PLEASE READ: DO NOT EAT HERE!STAY AWAY!I have never written a negative review usually yelp has it right and I dont bother to waste my time. But I must write a review about this Hooters.I WOULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS IF I COULD!COLD FRIES (2.59)MOZZARELLA STICKS STILL FROZEN INSIDE (6.99)BURGERS - MEAT LOOKED LIKE FROZEN CAFETERIA PATTIES (9.99)LETTUCE IN BURGER WAS VERY WILTED AND BROWNWINGS: OKAY COULD HAVE BEEN CRISPIER AND HOTTER (8.99)The service was pretty good, but I feel bad for the girls that have to work there and serve this crap that they call food.I think I may never go to Hooters ever again ANYWHERE.
2	This place is GHETTO! The casino is tiny; in fact, while we were there, a guy asked us where the rest of the casino was. One redeeming factor for this place is Mad Onion and it's sweet chicken wings deal. Other than that I'm pretty sure I have no other reason to go back.
3	Oh gosh I actually stayed here last year for $29 for 3 nights and man the rooms were scary and trashy. The windows were so dirty you could not see out of. However, the actually casino is tacky trashy and cheap to drink in. Which is what you should expect from something created by Hooters. Also it is defiantly better to spend time in than some of the old style cheap Vegas places like Sahara, Flamingo, and Riviera. Plus there are interesting things to see here too ;)
3	Customer service was good; however, if your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
2	Not really impressed with the actual Hotel part of Hooters. I stayed here one night under a comp from work, probably wouldn't go back on my own dime though to stay here. The front desk staff was pretty nice and quick about getting us our rooms, but once i got up the room i was not impressed at all. The room is outdated (expected it from pictures online). I do like that, for the most part, it was clean. I found the bed to be decent at best, definitely not anything to rave about, but it wasn't disgusting by any meansDownstairs in the casino area is pretty fun though. They still had the $1.50 Bud Light special i heard some friends talking about when i got there so i had a couple of those and then some fries to snack on downstairs. Not the best place to grab food i must say, but you can't beat $1.50 beer! The bar tenders are always nice too, very quick and efficient and they don't screw up anything. Always checking up to make sure my group didn't need anything as well. Looked like lots of people were enjoying the pool, which did look pretty cool, especially at night. It wasn't a bunch of rowdy drunks either, most of the people seemed to just be relaxing and having a good time poolside with some drinks. The location of the hotel isn't that great. It's just slightly off the strip, the MGM is right across if you want to take the monorail, but you'll probably need a Taxi to go to any of the bigger hotels. But then again, that's why this hotel is by no means pricey. All in all, i think the Hooters hotel is a better place to hang out, gamble and have drinks than it is to stay. If you want a budget room than this hotel isn't bad, you'll get a decent room at a really good price. But this is definitely more of a party and bar place then it is a hotel to me.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at how satisfied I was staying at Hooters.  At first I was embarrassed to tell anyone I was staying at this ridiculous place -- but for the money, it's hard to beat.  I got a deal through Expedia: 3 nights and flight from San Francisco for under $300.  I expected the place to be obnoxious, ultra sexist, run-down and sleazy -- but it was nothing less than a standard, decent, clean, spacious room with everything you'd expect in a moderately priced hotel.  No strange hairs, no used condoms, no unusual wear.  It even had a safe in the room, which I was a bit surprised to see.  I never went to the pool and I never used room service, so I can't vouch for those.  I mean really -- I wasn't there to enjoy chicken wings and chicks in orange '70s-influenced get-ups.  I was there for an affordable, comfortable, convenient place to recharge between gambling at the REAL hotel-casinos.  And that's exactly what I got.  I highly recommend it.
2	SLOW SERVICE....the food was gross, chicks(waitresses) weren't hot and a bit rude also, maybe it was a bad night, but I been to the one in san diego and that was a WAYYYY better experience, food wasn't great there either but at least the waitresses were hot looking and they were very attentive and courteous.
2	On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a wedding and my birthday, and this is where i chose to stay.  BAD IDEA !!  This place is for the birds.  What a dump !  Avoid staying here at all costs.  Im giving it two stars only because the casino has really low limits on there tables.  And the pool actually looked descent.   So i requested a Non smoking king bed room in their tower for a pretty good deal.  This is how i was lured in (low prices) we were working with a budget this trip.  I get there to check in and they tell me they don't have a non smoking king room in the tower.  (even though i had called a few days prior to make sure it was reserved)  Idiots !!So i settle with a smoking king room on the 3rd floor.  Get in the room and the first thing i notice is the industrial AC unit for the whole casino/hotel is outside our balcony and its humming like a tractor. FUCKKK NO !!  so i go ask for a new room right away.  Finally a different guy gets us a non smoking room w/ king bed in the tower on the 10th floor.  much better, but still the rooms are only a step above motel 6.   Tip: you end up spending more money taking cabs to the strip every night than it would cost to upgrade to a nicer hotel/casino.  Spend the extra cash to get a better room at a better hotel.  The food was ok, takes a long time for a "to go" order.beers were cheap.bottom line: stay somewhere else if you can afford it.  Hooters is good for gambling only !!!!!
1	REVIEW FOR $.25 WING DEAL ONLY. TERRIBLE!! These wings were not the same Hooters wings you get at a Hooters restaurant. Don't be fooled. You must order in multiples of 10 and order a soda or budlight beer which is $1.50. I ordered 10 medium wings. They tasted stale and there was absolutely no flavor. If you want some flavor order the hot, which were more like a mild. Ranch or blue cheese on the side was $1 extra. Totally not worth the 30 minute wait or the horrible/slow service. If these were the same delish Hooters wings that you get at the actual Hooters restaurant, then I would say it's an amazing deal but in this case you get what you pay for.
2	Very Plain and nothing exciting. Don't waist your time doing the $100 free slot play sign up promotion.
2	I should have listened to all the reviews and stayed away from here. Here are my pros (few) and cons (several):Cons:-They don't sell the $1.50 Bud Lights here.-There was not a blonde, large-breasted waitress in sight. Honestly they all looked like they were fresh out of high school.-Service was definitely lacking. Asked for a water and didn't receive it and had to ask again.-Food was super bland. The wings were not "hot" by any means.-There was a line out the door and it took forever to be seated, even though there were two hostesses and several open tables.Pros:-To be honest, I can't even think of one. I was expecting so much more from the Hooters in the Hooters casino.Save yourself the time and money and go elsewhere.
3	I would definitely stay here again. I wasn't expecting luxury by any means but I also wasn't expecting it to be as decent as it was. We needed a last minute place to stay and booked a room for that night for $50. You get what you pay for, and those that complain about how grungy it was should have known that when they booked it. It is pretty far off the strip, but not nearly as far as Hard Rock. They sell $1.50 Bud Lights at the bar inside which is always a plus. I joined the Owl Club to get the $200 free slot play. I didn't win anything but I didn't lose anything either. The people that worked the counter were friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and had a television, what more can you ask for? Like I said, I definitely would stay here again when I was looking for a cheap hotel option in Vegas.Oh and just a warning, the walls are REALLY thin and you can hear pretty much everything going on in the room next to you. If you are going to Vegas for a quiet experience you are in the wrong place anyways.Also, DO NOT go to the Hooters inside the hotel. Its absolutely awful. (see my other review)
3	Over the years my friends (mostly the male ones) would request to go to Hooters to eat. I would always so no because well this didn't seem like my type of joint (i.e. the uniforms that the girls are required to wear).  Anyway, so when my roommate told me that we were staying at the Hooters Hotel, well, I really had no choice but to eat here. What are my thoughts now of this establishment? The Food: Eh, it's okay. I did try the Hot Wings and I really don't understand people's obsession with them.  The greasiness really just overtakes the chicken flavor. I really disliked that they charge $1 for side-sauce. C'mon! Wings + ranch is a must, therefore they must be sold together, not separate. For shame. The Service: Was on point! Our waitress Karen got everything out on a timely manner & was really nice to us ladies.  The Girls (because isn't that why men come here?): Not as bad as I imagined.  After going to the Tilted Kilt, the Hooters uniforms are saintly. I'm not sure whether a man or woman designed the outfits, but I'm guessing a man did because they're definitely a throw back to the 90's.  The girls looked like my 90's barbie dolls, you know, Theresa, Barbie, Staci with the scrunchy socks and high waisted shorts.Will I come here again? No, the food wasn't that great. If I were a guy, I guess I would. The girls are friendly.
2	Although I admire them for their attempts to improve their hotel, and did what they could to help get people to go there, I'd like to say that their service is HORRIBLE. First off, their hotel was advertised on a magazine, and was suggested as one of the pools to experience. So my group of friends thought to try something different. We get there, not only do they tell you that you have to rent a room to go in the pool (because ceasars and hard rock let the public swim for free without having to rent a room), but when they advertise the 25 cent chicken wing deal they hide the actual terms in fine print as if they were sleazy salesmen. You have to first, sign up for a players card to get the 25 cent deal. Then, you have to buy a 10 wing minimum. Then after the bad service and EXTRA and I do not exaggerate the EXTRA greasy chicken wings you find what you thought was a deal turned to be a hefty check after they ring up $1 PER RANCH SAUCE, $1.50 PER NON REFILLABLE DRINK, $1 per to go box which can only limit ten wings per box. If you have 15 wings you HAVE TO GET TWO. So I mean at the end of the night, you lost your appetite for good wings, and you walk away with horrible experience because the service was bad, the people were rude, and the charges were ridiculous. I mean its not even a top rated hotel. Obviously. The only cool thing was that the pool was open late night if you are down for a late night swim and the pool is nice, and rooms are REALLY CHEAP. Sso I'll leave my review for that hotel with two stars.
2	As far as casino hotels go, this one isn't the best and surprisingly the majority of the hooter's girls here aren't even that special or sexy.I keep coming back for the guaranteed 24/7 $3 blackjack tables that are always fun for me to play at.  I swear I could play for days on end if people don't pry me away.
3	SSSSSsssssshhhhhhhhhhh.............. DON'T TELL ANYONE. I like Hooters. So, here's the story: We booked a great bargain at the Hilton, but it was only two nights. We needed a place to stay for our last night in Vegas, and we wanted something cost effective and close to the airport because of our ultra-early flight out. Hooters fit the bill. It's at the far South end of the strip, so the cab ride to McCarran is quick. It isn't fancy and there are cheap rooms to be had, so we tried it. The guy at the registration desk couldn't have been nicer. We asked for a nonsmoking king on a high floor, and he delivered. We had an amazing view of the Tropicana, Excalibur, and the roller coaster at New York New York. The room was BASIC, but OK. You can walk across the street to the MGM and that's what we did for most of the day. In the evening, we went back to the Hooters Casino, and guess what? We had a blast!!!! The minimum bets are LOW, so playing feels like PLAYING. It's not as serious as at the high-end casinos. The crowd is young and you don't feel like you have to be "world champion" level to play the tables. Let's face it, I'm not a serious gambler, nor would I want to be, so the atmosphere at Hooters was just my speed.
3	Wasn't entirely happy with the customer service but at the same time you get what you pay for. I will be staying at the Tropicana next time definitely. PLUS: 25cents wings after midnight and the Hooters restaurant was awesome. Eye-Candy and good grub.Hopefully they work out the kinks here. It could be a great establishment.
5	Went to go eat at Hooters, since chicken wings was definitely going to hit the spot after a night of partying. I must point out that our server Tammy, was the shit. I've never had a waitress that was so on top of her game it was unbelievable. Took our order with a quickness, got our drinks, and refills promptly without us even once asking for a refill. It was as though less than half of a drink was gone, and we had a refill. We'd think of something we needed, then it was like she read our minds, and two minutes later it was on our table the next time she stopped by to check up on us. No matter what it was, straws, forks, plates, to-go boxes, the whole nine yards, we didn't have to ask for a thing. even the bartender checked up on us a couple times, and asked if we needed anything, but there Tammy was right behind her with whatever we needed.  The best service i've ever had anywhere in Vegas. and of course the food is always delicious. Cheers to Tammy and Hooters :)
4	The rooms are clean & the air conditioning works great! Prices are pretty good & the more you play there, the better deals you can get. I've had good & bad experiences with the counter people @ check-in & out.There are multiple pools - all with different temperatures & a bar located by the pools. The location is awesome. I love gambling @ MGM, but don't want to pay the prices to stay there. It's about a $10 ride to the airport.The casino atmosphere is fuuuun. The music is great, the Craps table gets busy as soon as it opens. The roulette tables light up, which is definitely entertaining. (Play 29!) Poker area isn't the largest - usually only one table open so there are definitely better places to play that :) Two bars - one in the front and one halfway through the casino floor.The actual Hooters restaurant has GREAT food. Their wings are simply amazing. You can order all drumsticks if you want for like 10 cents each. The wait can be a little long, but the service is typically decent.The Mad Onion restaurant inside is open 24 hours & they have some great deals, but the service is shotty & the wait can be FOREVER. They say they make the same wings as the restaurant, but they don't taste like them at all. The old restaurant used to be great, but since the name change & I'm assuming the new staff, it SUCKS.Overall: good, clean, cheap place to stay.
3	Hooters are always very nice.  We often like to observe, play, and experiment with them.  This goes for the hotel too, where I stayed in a recent 'Vegas trip with the girls.  The first time I went to 'Vegas I stayed at a high-end expensive hotel, which was very classy and nice, but this time I decided to take a dip in the deep end--of the strip I mean, because Hooters is at the edge.  First of all, let me highlight the FREE PARKING!  That is just truly amazing.  All parking spaces were conveniently located near an elevator entrance too.  After a long, hot, too-much-information-gathering drive, a quick exit to our future weekend home was highly appreciated.  Next, check-in was a breeze!  Quick, easy, and friendly--Hooters knows how to start off the experience.  By that, I mean the woman who probably knows how to start off a good quick, easy, and friendly night.  I'm just kidding kids!  The staff members are appropriately dressed, super helpful, and you would never think you were in a frat hotel, because that's what we thought it would be like.On the way to our hotel room, which was in the Ocean Breeze corridor (how relaxing), was just a few minutes away past the convenience shop.  Although Hooters exceeded my expectations, I'm not sure I need to go back.
4	This review is for the casino, i've never stayed in the hotel.I live around the block from this place at city center.  I generally don't like or frequent the whole southern strip area.  Had a night off and not much to do so on a lark i wanted to stop in to see for myself just how bad this place is (based on the reviews).  I sat and played blackjack for a few hours and the dealers were cute and friendly.  Easy to find a low limit double deck table on a Friday!  Also the players at the table were friendly as well.  I straight up asked the dealer why they were so friendly and one was like "I like working here....and also we're one of the  few places where dealers still keep their own tips" =)    Cocktail service was great as well.Was a fun way to kill a few hrs.  I'm a fan and i'll be back.Not sure about previous comparisons of this place to Fremont Street are...in my book that's a positive!  =)
4	Wow! OK, so this is starting to become our annual trip to Vegas. July 8-12. Last year Tropicana :( This year HOOTERS!I have to say this place ROCKS!PROS:$1.50 BEERS:  At every CASINO BAR including $1.50 drafts at the POOL BAR. Also, they have recreated a mid west style bar where you can sit all night with cheap beers watching sports, playing video golf and placing bets at sports book 10 feet away. (FINALLY SOME ONE GETS IT!)POOL AREA:  Open 24/7, No BS security (as long as you use common sense and aren't a jackass).  Down to earth staff, & guests.BEDS!: VERY COMFORTABLE MATTRESS. Lack of bedding made me desire a little, but good night sleep.  Rooms are clean and AC ROCKS, sometimes too much; but hell it's freaking Vegas. I'd rather have too much than none!LOCATION: I enjoy me some walking strip action, but HATE dealing with mega resort mazes. This place is quick, easy to find and a $10 cab ride way from the madness. MAD ONION: $.25 WINGS AFTER MIDNIGHT. Great drunk food. Gotta wait like 20 min, but once in.  :)  Plus i hear they have other signature meals for $9.95 (Prime Rib). CONS:PORCH DOGS BAR: Avoid this place like the chick with mouth sores! They consider it a restaurant and no $1.50 beers. Plus you have to be seated for food, & although I love me some HOOTERS grub. This place is off the mark. STAY AWAY FROM PORCH DOGS.RESERVATIONS: Great people, somewhat good prices; but you really have to look closely at $ on check in / out. I found a pricing error  (On line Summer of Choices promo pricing of $59.00 for Friday July 8, 2011. Was charged $99. I brought this to the check in gal's attention. She was VERY polite and a phone call later to confirm & pricing was corrected.  Now, most guests would have missed it..This place REALLY stood out to me because of it's overall value. I hope to come back here every year.And as aways friends and neighbors remember when it comes to food, drink, and overall value.....  "ALWAYS TRUST A FAT MAN!" Cheers,Pat WaltersAnaheim, CA
5	The Hooters hotel, when it first opened, seemed like the most genius idea ever to me. I mean, all you had to do is take the concept they had for Hooters restaurants and expand it, right? Yes, and no, but mostly yes. First of all, this hotel isn't upscale at all, nor does it pretend to be. It's pretty no-frills, with the main attraction being that Hooters concept. It works just fine, as the place is just very beach-y without being dumb. I don't know if that makes sense when I write it out, but it makes sense when you come to this place. As a local, I appreciate that this resort is near the Strip without it being right there in all the action... that is, I like that I can go in right after leaving UNLV and then heading back out on Trop without hitting too much Strip craziness. Now, on to my review of the Hooters restaurant: I love the restaurant. I love the wings. I love that the girls are flirtatious. I love that the beers are always ice cold. I love that there are no crazy vegan options to clutter the menu. The restaurant is clearly geared toward dudes, which makes it even more appealing to me. The wings here, though, are the main show. They have different levels of hotness for you to sample from, and none of them disappoint. Even the hottest ones are still super delicious. Plus, the waitresses are really on. They know what they're doing, and they have a great level of service here, probably better than any of the other Hooters' I've been to.
1	Stayed 2 days 7/9-7/11 Omg this was the worst hotel in vegas that i ever stayed at. I wasn't asking for too much but a fridge and a up to date tv would have been nice in the room...i booked the room through hotels.com and i should have had my antennas up when i saw that they were giving up the room at $37 a night but i also didn't think that hooters would degrade themselves like this. First of all i reserved a room with double beds which was unavailable (isn't that what reserve means?) so being that they didn't have my requested room available they put me in a room with one bed and had the nerve to say it was 10 extra dollars!!! Wth?? because supposedly it was strip view which that was an understatement then they asked for a $50 deposit the keys kept not working making it where i had to keep going down to the front desk then when we checked out on the 11th they deducted $8.67 from my $50 deposit stating that it was for their amenities (pool, phones, etc.) which i never took advantage of so now that i know that they are full of it NEVER AGAIN!
2	I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
3	For the cost to stay there the value is excellent, just don't expect the best accommodations. You are literally sleeping in a giant Hooters restaurant.
2	.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!! Get your players card!  I gave this place 2 stars because the service wasnt good at all and the food was ok. I can microwave food too and serve it. Not a fan of the hotel. Kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow.
2	This review is just for the restaurant..Just landed from coming in from Hawaii for EDC2011. some of our friends wanted to go out that night but I was dead tired and didn't want to go anywhere except to eat and sleep.I asked my sister who lived there for many years and suggested a place on where to eat. She said go eat At Terrible's Cake in the hotel with the same Name.. Its cheap & no frills food. The people I was with didn't like the idea of a restaurant named Terrible's so they suggested Hooters.I was like okay that's fine, since you cant really mess it up right?We get there and we have to sign up for some Hooters Card thingy to get the discounted chicken wings. I'm like okay cool. Then after about 20 minutes later, we are signed up and seated.I just wanted some wings and a side to suppress this stomach cramps i have been having because of nothing to eat. The wing special they have is for some really cheap amount, i forgot how much it was, like 10 cents or 20 cent wings?But here is the catch, you need to buy a Soda, and a minimum purchase of wings. The wording was really complicated but we had to ask the waiter and she explained it to us.I get wings and some onion rings and a Diet coke. It comes out fairly quickly. I was hella hungry so didn't even bother to assets what i was eating. I just went chowing down.After eating all the minimum order of the wings. We leave the restaurant. But then a little bit after, about 20 minutes or so after eating, my start to get stomach cramps again and had to use the restroom at our hotel.Seems like I got food poisoning from the Chicken. When I think back about it. the chicken was really cold like it was sitting out side for a while already. I asked my sister about it who also works in the food service industry and she also said she got food poisoning from there.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll pass on Hooters. there is so many better places to eat.Well there you go, if you want some chicken wings with a side of food poisoning, Hooters for cheap wings is the place you want to be.
5	This place was excellent!! love the pools... you could swim anytime not limits. The wings are 25 cents 12 a.m.-6.p.m and $1.50 bud lights!! room view was of the pool... excellent!!!
2	Ugh ugh ugh! Man, for being such a great chain for wings, this place STUNK! The dressing and dip is no longer freshly made, but Ken's best ranch. Not ok. It was just a disappointment.
1	DISCLAIMER: When you read this review, please note that I am in no way a huge drinker or gambler and did not get the chance to enjoy the slot machines except for the blackjack slots. I was pretty excited to spend the weekend in Vegas with my family and friends near the holidays as we normally do during that time yearly. This time we decided to keep it cheap, so we decided on the Hooters Hotel and Casino. Here are just a few things:The garage elevator was the scariest experience of my life. I hate elevators to begin with, they make me claustrophobic right off the bat, but this one, the doors didn't even open up all the way to let us out and I felt like we were almost in between floors when this happened. I didn't use this when we needed to return to the parking garage on the day we left either, I opted to use the stairs instead, all 5 stories of them. Whatever, I could use the exercise. I know that casinos smell like booze and cigs for the most park, but just walking through the casino nauseated me. The stench of cigs were just so potent. I felt like I was consumed, seriously, and we visited plenty of other hotel and casinos and did just fine with the smoke. My hair smelled for days after that even after plenty of shampoo applications.It's sort of disturbing when you see a pregnant Hooters girl at their Hooters restaurant inside of this hotel waiting on tables with all that smoke going around. In fact, we took this trip a while ago and we are still talking about that. This is located a little bit off the strip, so its sort of a walk to all the main attractions, if you don't mind all of the cons mentioned above, then just the amount of money you save on a room is sort of worth it to stay there. The rooms were extremely cheesy. Adorned in Hooters paraphernalia, as it was expected though. The coat hanger in the bathroom was ripped off and not replaced, the beds were so so and the view from our room was....errrr....fantastic (insert sarcastic remark here). I do have to say though, the Hooters casino waitresses don't disappoint. The one time I sat at the slot machines with my sister, they were very prompt to serve us our free drink. Chintzy on the alcohol though, as I guess that's expected given this isn't exactly a 5 star hotel, and I'm not a huge drinker to begin with. Needless to say, we have passed on staying here since this trip. If you're looking for a really cheap hotel that's close enough to the strip and you don't mind pregnant waitresses waiting on you in heavy cig smoke, then Hooters is your place!
3	Decided to take a small vecation to las vegas.  The hooters hotel was an all right choice.  The rooms aren't all that great.  The elevators are very slow,but its not like you will be staying in the room while there.  The good side of this casino is that the odds of you winning are better then other casinos (6 to 2 ).  They have a pool area with two large pools and conecting outdoor bar.  For those that like to keep in shape and active, the hotel also has a indoor gym with the news workout equipment.  But the best perk is getting the free rewards card and using it to accumulate points which in return can be used to by hooters Mech, or eat free into hooters restraunts
4	I went to this hooters restaurant the night before I flew out (7-10-11) and the restaurant part was full so i went to the bar.... I believe my bartender/server was karen and good looking. I order some mild wings and had like five jack and cokes. My bill was around 45 bucks. I also chilled with these british guys and they were hitting on my server lol...... Id go back and mabe even play blackjack there.
4	So this isn't "as good as it gets' but it is the best for a trip to Vegas with your friends and especially if you are on a budget or just don't like to spend on a hotel that you are heardly at during the trip! I'm pretty picky being that I have worked for Marriott but love this place! I've been staying here for the last 4 years that I've been coming to Vegas! It's not fancy but it's comfy, cozy, clean and chill (It's Hooters duh) and still so very close to the strip don't don't worry about the distance at all. I've NEVER had a problem with my reservation or stay here. can't wait to see ya'll Saturday for my stay again, my girls were impressed with the price and I'm sure they will be pleased with the hotel stay as well!
1	NO NO NO NO NO NO. NO.NO.NOT HOOTERS.no.don't go here! oh my goodness.*terrible customer service*dirty casino*trash smell everywhere*crappy food*walls are paper thin (we could hear our neighbors having SEX every single night!!)*room service terrible*no wifi! at all!*pool had a cockroach in it when i went.*no valet parking but a service resort fee.*parking structure terrible for parking.no.don't go here. don't do it.
1	Not a hoot. As a matter of fact, this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. Service sucked, food sucked and the girls were not even that hooterific. We were seating and waited about 10 mins for someone to take our drink order. It was very warm in there too. I know it is summer, but the fact that you are paying more for everything in Vegas should come with a cool down.Once we got our food (took 25 mins), it was cold if it was supposed to be warm and visa versa. The wings were fatty and under-cooked. The salad was soggy  and not fresh. The french fries were cold and not crisp at all. It was all horrible. Then the waitress did not come back to see if everything was ok until 15 mins after our food came.I will never go to another Hooters. Really over priced and not worth it in any way.
5	i was gonna give hooters 4 stars and say i was a fan. but it was all good this weekend at the HOOT, thats what me and the boys call it. lol. anyway we went out there for my boys bachelor party about 10 deep.. lets just say. everytime im with the boys and we go in the summer, were stayin at hooters. cheap rates, good food, not just hooters but onion too... i mean 25 cent wings and 1.50 beers...psssshhh,C'MON, cooooool security TOO not like the jerks at the big places, cool assss pool staff, PIER IS MY FOLKS, RICH CITY. YAYYYYY AREA, LOL AND HANNNAH THE BARTENDER IS A SWEEEETIE FOR REAL..... OH and another thing. 24 hour pool c'mon.. my advice  to you, get a bungalow room.. thats the joint right there... you might catch me there alot more... HOOOTERS IS THE SPOT IF YOU WANT TO GO CRAZY AND PARTY LIKE YOUR IN VEGAS..YA its small and not all fancy... but half the time your not in your room anyway right???. if you wanna sleep and just relax than go HOME. YOUR IN SIN CITY.... BEST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IN A WHILE
3	service is crappy usually(unless you are talking to Patrick at the front desk who is a freaking Angel!)my boyfriend and I usually stay here cause you can't beat the price if you want to be on the strip, but the general 'bite me' attitude of the staff is always a little dissapointing.Even when we complained to the lovely and wonderful patrick on our last trip- he saved the day- and then upon check out a few days later the girl looked like she was going to kill the next person that made her do anything (like typing on a computer) and basically gave us a good riddance and F***K off. If only they paid as much attention to who they hired as they did with patrick.If we ever go back it will only be because one really good experience can sometimes outweigh a bunch of bad ones.Fix your 'tudes ladies!!
2	One of the cheapest and most grimey hotels on the strip. Everything feels cheap, the pool looks like some trailer trash backyard and the only good thing about this place is the wings that you can get delivered to your hotel room. Other than that, it's a good place to stick your bags, shower & sleep if you don't want to spend a lot for a better hotel.
3	I asked the girl at the bar if they had fried pickles, she said no it's a seasonal item (not really seasonal - she said they only have it at some stores).. So I was okay with that. Then when she was handing me my bag I look at one of those little signs on the bar that has the promotions, there you go.. Fried pickles. WTF. I already waited to long to get my food, I didn't even bother ordering the fried pickles. Boo.I still love their chicken wings. Love them.
2	expected more ...
1	The absolute worst!!! STAY AWAY!!!! The convenience of the hotel in conjunction to the rest of the strip and the price means absolutely nothing. Always remember the old saying, "you get what you pay for". For a new hotel, everything was old.. even the clock radio. Hell, the tv was a Zenith (and not a flat screen). Who the hell in this day and age does not have a flat screen in their hotel?? Even the Riviera, which is a heck of a lot older, has flat screens and waaaaaaaaaaaay better customer service. Don't ask the SUPERVISOR (not manager as he told us) NOE for any assistance. He was completely useless, talked really low as if he wasn't confident in what he was saying and finally walked away without completing the transaction at hand.Also, when we got to our room we had no remote, no menu, no ice bucket. We called room service for these items and they told us that we would have to come down stairs for the remote and menu and the ice we had to pay $1.00/cup if we wanted them to bring us ice (not only was there no ice bucket but the ice machine on the 6th floor didn't work). WTH!! Where is the customer service?? Where is my menu? Where is my remote?? Where is anything!! And let's not forget the living room-sized casino. All in all this was the worst Vegas hotel experience EVER.
2	My group was drawn to the $20 a night special like, well, like thrifty Asians to a good deal I guess.  Seriously, $20 for a night plus 20 free wings, buy-one-get-one-free steak dinner for $10, and 2 free drinks at the pool bar were too good of a bargain.  My grandparents in Hong Kong would have crossed the Pacific Ocean for a Vegas deal that good.  A discount so prime that it almost masks the decrepit halls of this tacky establishment, home of daytime escorts and resting ground for strippers that just couldn't cut it.  If you came to the casino floor for pretty girls, prepare to be gravely disappointed at the selection of just grotesque herd animals you've ever seen.  They keep the prime stock in the Hooters Restaurant.But seriously Hooters Girls, some of you are hot, but don't give my group fucking attitude while we order and act like you have so many important places to be in your empty restaurant.  Your unresolved issues of Daddy touching you inappropriately and that oh-so-interesting theory that hardcore porn is the "gateway to Hollywood", while amusing, should be checked at the door.  Although the blonde at the bar was especially nice to me and the gf.  You are an gentle-lady and a scholar.The $3 Blackjack tables that they advertise like the saggy boobs of their older staff actually consist of ONE, yes ONE, table that is always full.  Comped drinks come at an excruciatingly slow pace since the table limits are so low they need to make money somehow, amiright?The $.99 wings they advertise are also only available to hotel guests and only with the purchase of a drink.  Although you see $1.50 bud lights being hawked on the floor, the price increases in restaurants like Mad Onion where the wing deal is offered.Overall, the rooms were okay.  Not the worst that I've stayed in Vegas.  Twas fairly roomy and felt like a retired grandpa from Florida decorated everything with a tropical theme: a grandpa with debilitating Alzheimer's.  The beds were kind of musty, but sheets and room were cleaned daily.  Bathroom was kind of small and old, but what do you expect for $20.  It's a pretty alright place for being right next to the strip.TL;DRAt least it ain't the fucking Circus Circus
3	Honestly, I expected much much worse. I was in town a night earlier before the rest of my group came to vegas and it didn't seem worth paying up for a nice hotel room when I was all by myself. This room only cost me $20 bucks and met expectations -- clean, comfortable bed; room was in good condition; not scary.Would I stay here every time I came to Vegas? Probably not.Would I recommend it to someone who just needed a cheap room for one night in order to collapse? Absolutely.
3	Food was good, waitress were great!  Casino was sub-par.  But all and all the staff was excellent!
2	After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where do I even begin... As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time do you spend in the hotel? Having that been said let's get down to business...Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives. For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.  25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that? Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))  I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....Negatives.The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey. The AC did little to nothing in our room...No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room. Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it" The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here. I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal. In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place. I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person.... Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you. 2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant." After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries. Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!? We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$! At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off. That is all I care to write about this place... While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings. peace
4	Wow, I seriously cannot figure out what everyone is complaining about. I honestly think people need to take into consideration that at Hooters you get what you pay for. If you are paying $20 for a hotel room in Vegas do not expect to get a 5 STAR, luxury "Wynn" experience. What we got for our $20 per night was the following:1 clean, very basic hotel room.20 free wings at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel.2 free frozen drinks at the pool bar, plus one additional drink because it was "ladies week"2 free "American" breakfasts at The Mad Onion.In addition to all the freebies, we received excellent customer service from everyone we interacted with at Hooters. All the hotel bars have $1.50 Bud/Bud Light if you are looking for cheap beer. Room Service will deliver Hooters wings to your room. The pool is open 24/7. There is a pretty decent fitness room/gym. If you are so inclined, there is a tattoo parlor in the hotel. The location is good...It is a very short walk to the Las Vegas Strip from the hotel.Yes, the service at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel is slow.Yes, the parking garage and elevators are a little dingy.No, it did not smell like poo, urine, sewage, raid, or anything else that people have complained about. Two items of note:There is an $8 resort fee per day.There were many people on our floor who sat outside of their rooms, in the hallway, and smoked. So FYI, your room may be non-smoking but the hallway is not. If you are just looking for a cheap, clean, no-frills place to crash, Hooters will serve the purpose. If you are looking for anything more than that, this is not the place for you. Move along...nothing to see here.
5	casino review only THIS PLACE ROCKS!! we signed up for their players club which gave us a free steak dinner and $200 in free promotional slot play. i didnt win anything but it took an hour to play which was nice cause i wasnt spending my own money lol. they have 1.50 bud and bud light which is a steal!! $3 blackjack is a must!! i didnt win until i upgraded to $10 single deck blackjack. they serve you free drinks as long as your gambling which is rare to find. all places say they do but you can never find the dang cocktail waitresses! not the case here!! even if your playing penny slots :) HOOTERS I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU AGAIN!! oh i almost forgot to mention theyve got the hottest staff in vegas!
2	We were staying across the street at the MGM Grand, and every time I looked out the window by the elevator I saw the owl on the Hooters Casino sign staring at me.  It was hypnotic, and there is a strong possibility that the sign may have even winked at me (or maybe that I just needed to get some more sleep).  So I got a couple of people to walk with me across the street on an adventure to the Hooters Casino. From the outside, it looks like an oversize Hooters.  On the inside, the casino is tiny and smaller than anything I have seen on the strip.  We were able to walk through the entire casino in less than a couple of minutes.  There wasn't very many people in the casino, and there seemed to be more employees than patrons on a Saturday night.  All of the dealers were Hooters girls, deck out in their white and orange gear.  The theme of Hooters was evident and well maintained throughout.When we got to the back of the Casino, I went into the store to check out what they had.  They had some cute Hooters branded cloths, and I found a jersey top that I liked to buy for my wife.  After that, we took a look out the back door of the casino to see the pool.  It was pretty sad.  There were just a bunch of dudes hanging out, and not a Hooter in sight.  The pool looked like a giant sized Motel 6 pool, and did not look like a fun place to hang out at all.  So we headed back inside towards the front of the Casino.  We passed two restaurants on the way.  One of them being a Hooters, of course.  When we got to the front there was another store that I did not notice when we first walked in.  This store had lots more cloths and Hooters paraphernalia, so I went in to check it out and ended up buying more stuff.  They had a special in the store that if you buy $35 of merchandise you get a free gift.  The clerk at the registered informed me that for a $1.50 I could buy a sacky bag.  I thought I was a $1.50 off of hitting the $35 mark and so I agreed to get the bag.  It turned out that the bag was another promotion, and that my free gift was actually a Hooters girl calendar...from 2010  :IAfter buying all of the cute Hooters gear for my wife to wear, we went on our way.  Now that she has all of these cloths I don't have to bother going to Hooters anymore to check out the girls in the itsy-bitsy outfits.  I look forward to Val making me a Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich in one of her new Hooters outfits, and I'm pretty sure I won't go to this casino again.  There really wasn't anything special to see or do here.
5	We were all thinking it: I love Hooters, but why can't I sleep there? Problem solved. Imagine the time is ten years after Back to the Future II and Biff has lost his fortune,  leaving him near bankruptcy with only a single asset. That asset would be the Hooters Hotel and Casino, Las Fucking Vegas, Nevada. Jagermeister and stomach acid has eaten away nearly all the varnish on the trademark Hooters wood paneling. Nonetheless, everything but the ductwork is sporting wood grain. I feel like an exhausted drunken ant crawling across a shuffleboard in a landfill. My room is in the "Ocean View 'tower'" and I must admit, it does have a certain post-hurricane Katrina charm. I guess someone looted my flatscreen during the storm.The casino boasts hooters girl dealers but is otherwise indistinguishable from your standard sub-strip fare. Maybe the working girls are a little bit rougher but my glasses are already smeared with wing sauce so it's hard to tell. This is where your uncle takes you for your 21st birthday two years before he dies of the drink. If you're looking for a cheap room and a place to grab the sagging ass of your American dream, look no further. Five Stars.
4	I've stayed in a few different hotels in Vegas in a variety of locations. Would I come back to Hooters? Absolutely! Hubs and I paid approximately $20 per night which is a bargain. Yes there are $7.50 resort fees but that brought our stay up to $27.50 per night... still a total bargain in my book. Ahead of checking in we requested a non smoking room away from the elevators and got 1147 which was an awesome room in the Ocean Tower with a great view of the strip. The room was clean. Yes it was old looking and there were some odd stains on the carpet, but who comes to Vegas to stay in their room?? Not me that's for sure! We didn't use the pool facilities (Wet Republic at MGM is right across the street, if you want a fab pool go there). But the Mad Onion and Hooters restaurant were great, good food and good value for money. The location was pretty awesome too. I like to walk as much as possible in Vegas and this was walking distance from the major hotels on the strip. Plus the bar has a great happy hour on beers, be sure to take advantage of these for pre-night out drinking in your room!I'd say if you just want a place to crash in and don't want to pay a lot for it, Hooters is perfect. Our experience was great. The staff were friendly when we asked for anything it was given and the location is awesome, everything is a short taxi or walk away.
3	We rolled into Vegas seeking an inexpensive room that wasn't too trashy like downtown but that was near the strip. And on a weekend... yeah, goodluck with that.And there was Hooters. I found it online and the rooms were going for about $50. So we booked and were in. It took another hour for the reservation to come through and they tacked on like another $7.50 for service charges but still far less than the $150 I expected to pay elsewhere.Our room had a nice view of the strip looking at MGM and Tropicana. It isn't a fantastic room, but it's not a bad room either. Seemed a little neglected here and there in condition but overall no complaints! The walking distance to the strip was awesome and we were soon exploring in no time. The room was just a place to crash and shower and get up in the morning to go exploring more.I didn't bother checking out much of the Hooter's casino or restaurant. It's pretty basic and nothing exciting. Looks like a regular Hooter restaurant. Lots of good looking women of course. We checked out the next day but after a while decided what the heck? And booked another night. We wound up in a different part of the hotel and it was okay, I think the bathroom sink leaked and I am kind of OCD about the worn sheets, but again the price was more than perfect. I'm sure rates are even lower during the week. I would be open to staying here again. Tropicana is next door and has a lot more entertainment going on, but Hooter's has the hotel deal in town for a weekend!
1	I know, I know - what would you expect?  Still, no matter how trashy the theme I do expect to get what I paid for.  True, the Hooters casino is as poorly cleaned and maintained as one of their restaurants, but the rooms were not quite so bad as the typical Hooters restroom and one has to expect a certain griminess to go with the low room costs - that could potentially be some of the fun of the aesthetic that Hooters touts, I suppose.We came to the Hooters casino because some friends were already booked here and we wanted to spend some time with them after we had rested some, and enjoy exploring Las Vegas.  They, my partner, and I had just spent a week first on a grueling 1900 mile road trip from Austin to northern Nevada and then camping in a barren desert for the Burning Man art festival - and figured it would be nice to spend some time with each other just decompressing.  So we decided we would pay ahead for a room with a bed big enough for both of us, knowing that it would take all day to drive through Nevada from Black Rock Desert to Las Vegas.We paid ahead for a room with a King size bed for three nights, got up at 7:30 am and drove all day from Burning Man in North Nevada, got in around 11 pm exhausted and haggard, looking forward to nothing more than just crawling into a clean comfortable bed with each other and relaxing, before spending  - and they tell us that they will only put us in a room with two doubles and told us in a bored voice, "too bad, even though you paid ahead for a king room, it is first come first served.  Tough, there is nothing we can do, that's policy." In effect, you can only get what you paid for if you come at checkin time - paying for the room ahead of time does not actually secure it.  Our friends were, of course, screwed over by the same policy and were no happier about it.Avoid any business that does not deal honestly with its customers like this - this is worse than what you would reasonably expect from Hooters and Las Vegas combined.  I expect trashiness from Hooters and sleazy business practices from Las Vegas - but bait and switch is outside the bounds of any business claiming to be reputable.
1	The following review is specifically for the "Bungalow room type" These rooms are in the attached two story building out by the swimming pool. We had a ground level room with a sliding glass door facing the parking lot and a busy street. Did not have a secure feeling as it felt like anyone could walk up from the street and have direct access to the sliding glass door. The rooms are all nonsmoking in the Bungalows so the sliding glass door was good for lover boy to go in and out for a smoke. That was the only good thing! Thank goodness I had my lover Sean with me for protection, otherwise I would have been sleeping with one eye open. We only stayed here one night as we attended an industry VIP open bar event and showing for "Purple Reign" who performs at Hooter's. We planned on getting sloppy drunk that night so figured we could just crawl to our room and avoid driving for the night. This room sucked balls, and not the good kind. The bathroom tub was moldy and the water did not drain, seriously I took a shower standing in half a tub of water! The walls and floors had major mold as well. The room was very small, and had one outlet for electricity which was occupied by the lamp and TV. We had to reach behind and unplug the TV just to charge our phone, ridiculous. The towels are cheap, stained and shredding. Wow the quality is so bad it makes paper towels a better option to dry off with. The ice machine was broke, took housekeeping 45 minutes to bring us a bucket of ice. Yes! You get what you pay for in Vegas when it comes to hotel accommodations! It was $27 for the night (weekday) we stayed on a Tuesday. Crappy rooms, moldy bathrooms and no outlets for charging your cell will leave you with a stinky taste in your mouth by staying in these rooms! Hooter's is a huge let down, it is obvious they have given up and are not going to put any money into keeping this property updated. What a shame! I normally complain when something is this bad, luckily for the front desk we had partied so much and just wanted to jump in bed and get busy. I later sent an email to Hooter's "Customer Service" with the complaint details of our stay, did I get a response? Of course not...lol I knew that was a waste of time. Don't do it! Please Please I beg of you!
4	I was completely satisfied with my stay.  Quite frankly, I don't understand the reason behind some of the negative reviews.  Hooters is not a luxury hotel and does not pretend to be either.  Hooters is located just off the strip, across the street from the MGM.    First, it was inexpensive.  Second, the rooms were clean and large.  And finally , it had everything you could expect in a hotel- multiple swimming pools, multiple restaurants, parking, cable tv and good water pressure.  Hooters is a short walk from the action of the strip.  Las Vegas is a great tourist destination which you can't experience from a hotel room.  Therefore, Hooters is a great place to sleep, shower and change before you head out for your Las Vegas adventure.  Now, if the place were a dump or if you were expecting luxury then maybe you would  be disappointed.  I would go back again.
1	Nope. This place sucks. My buddy thought it would be neat to get two hotel rooms for $50 (total). Yeah, you get what you pay for.  Wierd surf, wood panel decor, old 80s art, and uncomfortable beds. A group of four of us asked to open a new blackjack table since all (3 - the place is tiny) were busy AND had people waiting. The pit boss simply said "no." Thanks ass-wee-pay
2	I guess things are bigger in Texas! These were the smallest wings I have ever had, I felt overcharged. The only reason we went here was because we were hungover and needed something really greasy. This did the trick, and the food tasted fine. I guess I am just used to the wings at my Dallas location.Waitress was fantastic!
3	I've stayed at the Hooters Hotel and Casino on a couple of occasions when attending events in Vegas.  All in all, I am satisfied with my experience.  The last time I visited I paid under $300 for six nights by booking in advance.  That's hard to beat anywhere.  They do charge a resort fee but, I've found that pretty standard in most Vegas hotels. The hotel is older and a bit worn around the edges.  Think an older Comfort Inn/Motel 6...  I have found that it is generally clean and the staff is helpful.   The beds are comfortable, the water pressure is ok and the AC works.  I don't know that I'd bring my wife there but, it's ok for traveling alone.  You really can't ask for much more than that at the prices that they charge.  The location is great: directly across the street from the MGM Grand,  next door to the Flamingo and maybe a 5 minute walk to the strip.  I agree with the previous reviews about the parking garage.  It really is a dump.  However, there is an ample sized parking lot and I never had a problem finding a space.  I decided not to stay there during my most recent visit to Vegas as they filed chapter 11 bankruptcy in early August.  I did stop by for the $1.50 beer and wings and didn't note any significant changes.  I hope that they make it.  It is a well located, decent, affordable option.
3	I like staying here. Nothing fancy but it's cheap and I always come here for work so I like coming back to a hotel that's not super crowded and doesn't take 15 minutes to get from the car to the room. The only bad experience I had was the bartender was a bitch to me and my lady. So I left her a $1 tip. Biiiaaatch!!! ;)
2	wow, i ain't staying here no mo.  they going bankrupt & not putting money into routine maintainance.  my room had no bathroom trashcan, 3 lamps didn't work, no 'do not disturb' sign, the air conditioner was a dinosaur that kept me awake for hours, $8.50 resort fee per night & they deactivated my room key when i was rushing to my room to take a dump.  i like the casino floor & comedic entertainment
1	This past weekend, spent 4 days in Vegas. The trip was great, outside the hotel. We originally booked the hotel through Hotwire.com over 2 months before the trip, so didn't know which hotel we were committing to, but it showed as 3 star hotel, on the strip, with 3.5 stars on TripAdvisor, so we booked it. Was going on a golf trip with 2 other guys, so Hooters was fine when we found out. Problem started at checkin. They didn't have our reservation, and said Hotwire didn't fax it. The girl at the front desk said, nothing they could do, "next time book directly through us". Seriously? I ask if they can call Hotwire for me - 'can't do that'. I was surprised at the attitude and inhospitality. I asked to speak with the manager - she wasn't available to talk to us. I ask if they can at least get us in a room, I'll give them my credit card number - I have confirmation number, reservation number, everything Hotwire sent me to confirm I went through and paid for this room already. While at the desk, I called Hotwire, where I was on hold for over 20 minutes. When someone finally came on, they transferred me and refaxed (they said their records showed originally faxed in June). They couldn't stay on the line with me, so waited (all the while, I'm waiting at the registration desk). I waited for another 10 minutes, it never came through, so had to call Hotwire again (again Hooters tells me, nothing they can do, I need to call them, and ask them to fax it again). They said they didn't even have Hotwire's phone number. While on hold, ask to speak to the manager again, this time she was available, this is where things started to really fall apart. She essentially said "that's what I get for booking through a 3rd party", I didn't even know how to respond to that. She said nothing they could do. When I finally got Hotwire on again, they again refaxed (I can't believe they're doing all this via fax). This time the Hotwire person stays on the line with me. Another 10 minutes later, Hooters finally gets it. Just to upset us more (it seemed), the counter person checks in the next group in line instead of us.All in all, I get into the hotel room over 2 hours after we got to the Hooters. No apologies, just a bad attitude. I would have been fine if they were polite about the whole matter, I understand things go wrong with technology. But to blame me for making reservations not directly through them, to be rude (not just from staff, but from the manager), unbelievable. BTW, hotel is in terribly old, run down condition (this is in the old San Remo), the dealers were rude, and the elevators smelled.
1	We were just there last weekend and my brother got a horrible case of bed bugs. Good news they comp the room, but he now has an infection. Hooters has not heard the end of this and I will say this on every site I can. He even found a bed bug and took it down in a ziplock bag to show them. He is completely covered in bites they are even all over his face. So this is a warning! The staff at the hotel knows about this, so this is real not just trying to write a bad review. Think twice before staying here!
2	I would never stay here again, i would rather not go to vegas if this was my only choice. Everything is old, rooms, AC, elevators, wings.
3	Oh Hooters. Got love them right? I stayed here for my 21st birthday because it has the best deal on i4vegas.com. There are good things about this hotel and there are crappy things about this hotel. I will start with the negatives only because the positives may or may not out weigh the negatives and I kind of like leaving people with a happy note. So, first of all, if you stay there and you park in the parking garage, be careful. The garage itself contains creepy people and I may have seen a security guard on his little bike once just riding around not really looking. Also, the elevators that lead from the parking garage to the hotel are probably the scariest elevators I have ever been in. They are old and rickety looking/sounding, I was like "We are going to die in here, just saying," I was a little nervous cause I was not about to get stuck in an elevator before having a drink first. Sitting at the bars were not all that great, the staff at the time were not very chatty with people. It was more like, "What do you want and tell me now or I will keep ignoring you." So, I stayed clear from the bars there. I just figured the alcohol in my room would suffice. The hotel portion was nice and all, but I can see why I got a good deal for the rooms. If your looking for class, this is not the place. However, the beds were comfy! I loved sleeping there. Orange lamps were kind of cool too. Now to leave you with some positivity. The restaurant itself was pretty cool. They were able to accommodate my group of people in a quick time too. I saw tons of people there and we were seated pretty quick. The food is always great to me. I use to go to the one in Ontario and will always love Hooters food. The ladies were nice as well. My waitress was hilarious so it made for a good night. The Mad Onion restaurant was really good as well. We ate there twice, dinner and breakfast and I loved it all. They were open late nights and it was pretty cheap. I think prime rib was around $10. They also do a champagne brunch deal too. Love me some champagne with my waffles. Finally, I will say that if you have heard of the Men of X show, please laugh with me. I have seen Thunder Down Under before and I thought the Men of X show would be like it and their tickets were only $16 and not $45. So I let my mom talk me into it. It is only 4 dudes, who pretty much just dance their booties off. I laughed so hard during the whole thing, just because it was so cheesy! I think if you want a good laugh $16 bucks is pretty good. Hope that helps those who want a cheapish place to stay or eat.
1	OK the girls can be sexy and bud lights are a $1.50, but the love stops there. Service here is not bad, it is pathetic. Where are the drink girls, and bar service does not existent. Plus the place is a smoked filled pigpen. Stop in for a beer if your car breaks down outside, but otherwise, cross the street to the MGM and get better service, drinks and winnings.
1	I want to start  by saying we ordered w nonsmoking room and upon arriving we were told they were all out and our o only choice was a smoking room or a two bed room of course wanting to sleep together we choose the smoking one bed. The ac didn't work and even after buying air freshener it didn't even help.  The next day we changed rooms to a non smoking. They said to go at 1 and so we did but they said the room was not ready. And to go back at 3, and the room was still not ready... What a waste of van eking time. They advertise 25 chicken wings from 12-6am and they are false advertising. We went to get some and they said we had to pay for the buffet. Worst experience ever.. Do not recommend it to anyone , just pay the extra dollars for a better experience
2	What can you say? Its a Hooters. Do you really come for the Wings and Beer?
1	OK, i never write reviews this long, but it has to be done...The ONLY reason I stayed at Hooters was because it is right across the street from the MGM where I was attending a hockey game last weekend. Trust me, pay the extra $$ to stay somewhere else!! Somewhere that doesn't have stains all over the carpet, a tub that drains or cigarette burns in the duvet cover!  The girl who checked us in was not very friendly, but the girl who checked us out was.. so it's hit or miss with the staff. Also, I thought Hooters girls were supposed to be hot?? Guess it's slim pickens in Vegas, all the hot girls are working at the Wynn I suppose.Also, pieces of the laminate hardwood floors in the lobby and hallways are all broken up or cracked and I stubbed my toe really hard on a piece where the shitty floor meets the nasty ass casino carpet. OW! goddamn piece of shit Hooters!!The elevators are rickety and scary sounding just as other people's reviews say, it's no lie.The pool is tiny and the towels they give you are an absolute joke! They look like the towels they use to wipe down the bar with! and they are TINY! I'm an average size chick, I had to use 3 towels just to equal ONE normal size towel, also there are black stains all over them like some was just cleaning a car with them EEWW!!I'm a vegetarian, so we ate one night at the restaurant "The Mad Onion" in the hotel.. grooooossss.MAYBE the ONLY good thing would be the $1.50 beers at the bar.. but i always bring my own alcohol to Vegas so it didn't matter much to me.
2	If you like "tacky and unrefined" ambiance and rude, unaccommodating service, this is the place.  Us: "Can we check in our luggage?" Dick attendant: "Can you?" Us: "Well, can we? That's why we asked!" They also refused to let us check in early. What difference does a few hours make anyway?  We only booked here because it was the cheapest ($40/night on Orbitz) and we just needed a room to chill and freshen up before our 9pm flight.  I guess their selling point is to make it not only look, but also feel gross and white trash-y as possible!
3	During the first weekend of October I stayed here and was very excited to wake up early enough to catch their breakfast buffet that included unlimited mimosas/champagne... I was looking forward to stuffing myself with crab legs and mimosas until their breakfast hours came to an end and it was time to hit the lazy river just like I had done the year before.  It turns out this is no longer offered there :( Rates weren't bad & the rooms weren't bad at all. The bar was conveniently close to the pool. Checking in & out was fair. Didn't really spend much time in the casino, the only time spent here was pretty much when in our room. I did have a regular breakfast down at their restaurant - I had eggs benedict with home potatoes which was meh. Wouldn't care if I stayed here again or not.
5	great show Raak n Rock!
1	If you like hotels that have rooms that smell like pot, have elevators that do not work, air conditioning systems that pump out more decibels than an Aerosmith concert and some of the skankiest, poorly trained and inattentive staff you'll ever meet, than do I have a hotel for you. Most of the people staying there choose the hotel because it's cheap or for the "allure" of the Hooters girls. Your money will be better spent elsewhere as the facilities are subpar and many employees look lke they just arrived from the nearest methadone clinic or plastic surgeon's office. Lowbrow even by Vegas standards and that's pretty low.
4	I really felt I needed to write a review of this hotel/casino since there seem to be a lot of negative reviews floating around out there.I booked this hotel to come to Vegas and celebrate my 30th birthday with my husband. I booked it well ahead of time and chose it over other hotels because it was cheap (we paid a total of $320 canadian for 4 nights). As the time got closer to our trip I started reading reviews here on yelp and other sites and considered cancelling my reservation based on how many bad reviews there were. But I didn't as I really wanted to save money on the hotel so I would have more money for shows, clubs, drinks, and the casinios. WEll I am very glad that I did not cancel. This place was very good value for our money.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was good. The casino was fun. And you can't complain about $1.50 beers! The pool and hot tubs were awesome and open all night! They even let us have a late (2pm) checkout! WE have stayed at many 5 star hotels in the past (as I used to work for a luxury hotel chain) and this definitely isn't 5 star however it was excellent value. Absolutely nothing wrong with this place. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again .I should also add that they were really good about handing out the free drinks here compared to some of the other Casinos we were at.
2	Arrived on a Monday and walked up to the front only to see yellow "caution" tape across one door. On to the front desk where we were greeted at the VIP check-in by a young lady who was obviously still in training. Not sure why someone inexperienced would be working the VIP line. When I made the reservation I asked if it was possible to check-in early. No problem they said, as long as there was a room available. Well, we arrived early asked to check-in and there were no rooms available. However, the couple we were meeting checked-in at the same time and they had a room. Not surprisingly, they found a room for us too.On to the room. We were given a room in the Ocean View tower and the elevators made really incredible noises, shook and jerked as we made our way up to our floor. The hotel was built in 1973 and it appears general maintenance and paint have eluded each of the owners through the years. The room was clean enough although there were some minor maintenance issues. The grates on the A/C unit had been moved so that they covered the controls. The strike plate on the bathroom door was loose, so the door stuck each time it was closed. There was a vanity with mirror, but no electrical outlets. When I decided to plug in the phone charger, I noticed there was only one open outlet in the entire room. I tend to walk around in socks while in the room and noticed that the bottoms were picking up dirt from the carpets, even though housekeeping had allegedly vacuumed the room before we checked in. Lastly when I decided to get ice, there was no ice bucket. Housekeeping delivered a plastic beer bucket for me to use, which meant repeated trips to the ice machine.The service was okay. Generally the staff was friendly, but appeared overwhelmed. The valet was also the bell desk clerk, which meant either your car or luggage would be delayed at any given time. They also weren't sure that our room was occupied. At 4:30 in the morning I was awakened by pounding at the door. When I got up they announced themselves as "housekeeping" and wanted to know why I was in an unoccupied room. Shortly afterwards an alarm began sounding from the service elevator. I assume it went out because staff was using the guest elevators to reach floors. At check-out I was presented a bill and told that my credit card was not charged enough for the "room hold" and that they would have to add another $25. I had to argue that I had not charged anything to the room. I finally left with a zero balance due.It's obvious that the property is in bankruptcy and running on a shoestring. take advantage of the cheap room rates, but be aware that this is one instance where you will definitely get what you pay for.
2	Food - okayService - AWFUL!!Price - OVERPRICED!!!We ordered boneless chicken wings and fried pickles. Not enough breading on the pickles, but the food was fine. The waitress did have large "Hooters" and wore her shirt as tight as possible. That's pretty much where her assets end. She had no personality and even less knowledge on providing service. The 10 ounce beers on draft were served in a plastic cup for a mere $4.50 each. The 10 ounce margaritas were also served in a plastic cup and you could have as many as you want for $7.50 each. Really? I know it's Vegas and there are no deals anymore, but those prices are really outrageous. There are better margaritas (16 ounces) at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville for $7.00
3	I stayed here last weekend with a few of my buddies. I thought it was the perfect place if you're young, like 21 (like me), and limited on money. Can't go wrong with $3 blackjack, 50 cent roulette, and $1.50 beers.The room was standard, but since we only spent about 3-4 hours in it altogether the whole weekend, it was okay. I got a bit aggravated when the cocktail waitresses would only come around every 30-40 min at the tables, but they were busy so I thought what the hell.Also have 25 cent wings after midnight, but you're required to belong in their little owl club or whatever to be able to get the deal.
2	Bad #1 Check-in.  had no idea how to enter our reservations in computer,  so we could get our vouchers for free breakfast and so we never got it.   #2 Dirty halls and unmaintained guest rooms. #3 Different drink prices thru same hotel all run by hooters. #4 No free internet. #5 One pool is ice cold. #6 Does not follow up on complaints. #7 No one wins at slot machines. #8 Ghetto towels for pool so you don't steal them. #9. Parking garage is just filthy. #10.  There is no manager it just runs itself!Good #1 Security.  #2 Price of room when on special. # 3 Good music outside at the one heated pool. #4 Lots of Hooter girls #5 Onion restaurant specials and service  Note: Will probably never go back. Worth the extra money to go elsewhere.
2	When you think of Las Vegas, you think of bigger and over-the-top, but prepare yourself for disappointment upon entering the Hooters Restaurant in the Hooters Casino.  To put it best: it's an ordinary Hooters restaurant that happens to be in Vegas, as opposed to being the "Vegas Hooters."  Expect your typical Hooters experience but in a drearier setting because the Hooters Casino is a bit dingy, and with so many other places to visit for cheap greasy food this place is usually very quiet.In my opinion, Hooters should consider putting more money into the location and making it a Vegas destination.  There are other places with better looking waitresses and cheap food/drinks, so why limit one's self to this hole in the wall location?  In Vegas, there are too many options for attractive waitresses to be stuck at this place - that's the feeling that I got during my visits.  There is nothing wrong with the place and it is your typical Hooters experience, but shouldn't the expectations be higher in Vegas?  I have been to several Hooters restaurants throughout California, and have been to the Vegas location 3-4 times.  I actually stayed at the hotel on one occasion during a last minute Vegas trip when my usual places were booked, so I have a thorough perspective of the hotel, bar, casino, and restaurant.  The Vegas Hooters isn't bad but it really can't compete with the other Vegas options.  The casino and bar area is sad and depressing, but the rooms are super cheap and better than the local roach motels.  I'm a guy that likes wings, beers, and stealing glances at the waitresses, but in Vegas, there are so many nicer places for the same cost, that I can't really recommend the restaurant unless you've never been to a Hooters restaurant before.  It's not bad, but there is no energy and the vibe is nonexistent.  This location is average when compared to other Hooters locations, but less than average when compared to other options in the area.
3	What epic-ly sucks about this hotel/casino is the hardwood floors. I hate casinos with hardwood floors. It also sucks that they are perpetually on the chopping block. What is the point, therefore, for building comps here? The world may never know.What DOES get me about this place is the gorgeous looking rooms. I LOVE tropical themes which is why I so much loved the old Mirage and absolutely adore Mandalay Bay and the new Tropicana decor. So, Hooters make me feel so happy because of that decor choice. I also like their 24/7 pool. Who does that? A guaranteed late-night fiasco (although it is quiet late at night which I actually love)! All Vegas strip hotels should get on Hooters' level on this matter.
4	Its Hooters The Staff Was Very Friendly And The Food Was Awesome. I Tried The Deep Fried Pickles I Dont Like Pickles Very Much But Thys Were Very Good
1	Horrible place. Will never stay here again. i'd rather stay in Motel 6 which is a block from them (stayed there a few years ago and had a very pleasant expirience).1. Dirty elevator in the garage (kind of scary)2. No wifi available at ALL3. Smells like smoke everywhere, even on the hotel floors4. Horrible beds that squick every time you turn5. uncomfortable pillows6. no coffee maker7. rooms are old and outdated8. half the rooms have the view of the airport with the noise and everything that comes along with it.
3	I stayed here because it was super cheap, $25 for a room and 2 steak dinners. I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The room was clean and the food was fine. 25 cent wings after midnight! And the hotel is right next to the strip. Definitely recommend for anybody on a budget.
4	got a great deal online. $20 a night for one room and free steak dinner for two (no purchase necessary, not like other offer that buy one get one free) plus other free slot and table match play. It's like staying for free! so no complaints from me.room size is decent and clean , parking is easy, and $3 black jack table for a small time gambler like me is perfect!want to come back here every weekend for this deal!
1	Swankier than I remember in the past and that was a complete surprise! We had some time to kill and seeing that we are usually someplace mid strip, we were staying at MGM this time and decided to take a stroll over to Hooters just to appease my curiousity. It really hasn't changed much but it appears they got a new coat of paint and some new carpet. Gambling there is cheap....the drinks are waaaay cheaper than at the "nicer" casinos so I can't really complain. It's a bit out of the way but if you like their wings (which I don't) they have $0.25 wings every day after 10 pm.  I wouldn't stay here but if you are looking for a cheap alternative and the Imperial Palace isn't your cup of tea on the strip you can stay at Hooters for less than $20 a night. Unfortunately, it makes my stomach turn just thinking about it.
2	The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!
5	This hotel doesn't have the glamour of other hotels on the strip if that's what you're looking for, but the dealers were very courteous and made great conversation as well
1	First off, the staff was rude! They tried to put me and my wife in double beds after I booked King size room. Then they argued with me and blamed there mistake on me. Hair dryer didn't work, tub didn't drain, food over priced (this I can understand), cheap laminate floor that i wouldn't even put in my garage, elevator that sounds like its gonna collapse, but worst of all, it's Impossible to get drinks when playing slots. For some reason, when you ask a server for a drink, she will always say your sitting in a different servers area yet the right server never comes???Also, hooters advertises $3 dollar Blackjack but they have one table only. All others will be $10 or more. Good luck getting on the only cheap table if that's what you like.P.S. this is something that isn't a big deal to me because it is Vegas, and you can find e'm everywhere, but the girls where not very pretty and there attitudes made e'm down right ugly!oh.. P.S.S. DON'T go to the "Raack n Roll" show. We sat next to a nice couple playing the freebie slots that Hooters gives you when you sign up for there players card, which are the Biggest Joke if ALL and a whole other story, anyway, the couple gave us an extra pair of tix to the show and O My GOD,  this was the most pathetic show I've ever seen in my life!!! It's like 5 girls that probably can dance but are so miserable and upset that they're in this crappy show or for whatever reason that they just danced like shi*t and every once in a blue moon, pulled out there tits. In between the so called dancing, this guy who did the worst impressions ever would tell very bad jokes. Let me put it this way, (Al Pacino with a Kermit the frog puppet)???
4	Location, price,and cleanliness were the reasons I say I am a fan.  My husband and I stayed here for three nights this pas week.  We made our reservations for $20.00 a night.  We arrived in Las Vegas at 0900 way before check-in time. Although no rooms were available for $20/night, there were upgraded rooms available for $30/night with a view of the strip ready for check-in.  I truely was not expecting much for $30/night.  However, the room was clean, the king sized bed was comfortable, there waere plenty of hot water, pillows, and towels.  I would stay here again.  My husband enjoyed wings for 25 cents each from midnight to six am.  We did not rent a car, but parking was free with a parking garage on site.  My husband won $200 playing the penny slots.  There is, also,a nice fitness room with aerobic equipment, free weights, and tvs. Hooters is located across the street from MGM and the Tropicana.  It is on the strip but without the crowds or noise.  THe only negatives I found were the lack of a refirgerator and coffee maker in the room.  I did not request either so I am not sure if you could get one upon request.
3	This review is only for the restaurant and not the hotel itself.This is located in the Hooters hotel and casino. My cohorts and I were hungry and hungover so they wanted some chicken wings and what better place than to have some at Hooters?This probably would not have been my first choice as I wanted to go somewhere new and different but my cohorts insisted on coming here. My cohorts order the chicken wings while I was the oddball and ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with potato salad and mozzarella sticks as appitizers. While everyone else were drinking beer, I was too hungover to drink that soon so I got raspberry lemonade along with a glass of water.The mozzarella sticks were delish as was the chicken sandwich. However that potato salad was awful. Just bland and no seasoning at all. I should have stuck with the baked beans. The raspberry lemonade was way too sweet. My cohorts enjoyed their respective meals, so they didn't have any complaints.The restaurant as well as the hotel was too hot. Very uncomfortable eating our meal, especially while we were in recovery mode. The waitress did a good job overall. Overall we enjoyed our meal for the most part so I'll give this joint three stars.
4	This was my second time eating at this restaurant. I stayed at the hotel for my first time in Vegas in September 2010 and didn't give the hotel or restaurant the best reviews. I just came here to grab a quick bite to eat on 1/7/12 and I thought there was some improvement. I actually came to eat at Mad Onion, but its been turned into a steakhouse. So Hooters it was. I ordered the "Lots Of Tots" appetizer and the boneless chicken wings. The portions were large enough for me and my husband to share. With that plus a house Margarita my bill was only $22...so that was a plus. This girls are hotter than they were when we came the last time, but they were flat out ugly before so thats not saying much. Once again more guys were staring at me than the waitresses. And they notice which causes some major rudeness directed at me. So thats why they don't get 5 stars. If you're doing your job just to get attention, go be a stripper.
2	GF and I visited in Oct 2011.  The service was ok, but NO happy hour specials? As a chain, you would expect that all the restaurants would be the same.  Wings were standard fare.  Didn't like the location, should be more central.  The slots in the casino where the restaurant is did pay-out nicely though!
4	Staying at hooters on the winter offer in Dec 2011 was a great decision. I received $200 free promo play, 2 free steak dinners including steaks/unlimited texas toast/fries or mashed or baked potato, $10 bonus slot play, $10 table matchplay, a free mug, and a free tote bag all along with a $19.95 room rate (also a $9.95 per night resort fee charge and $25 security hold per night).What made the deal even more spectacular were the rooms. Comfy beds, well-appointed, nice tropical decor with a cute faux plant, 2 complimentary waters every day, several outlets (often hard to find even in high end hotels I have gone to but they had outlets right on the desk top), wifi, brilliant bathroom, relatively clean and just plain comfortable. Was not a big fan of the woody-plank-looking things throughout the property but it could be tolerated with all the other niceties.What made the deal even better was the pool. It's a very nice pool at that rate. It has a pool bar (which I was not opportune to use in Dec weather), a nice hot spa jacuzzi, 3 pools (though they were too cold in Dec), a waterfall, tropical landscaping, a little sandy area, hot beds, fire beds, comfy day bed lounge chairs, a nice sitting/laying area in the pool....quite a bit of features for a 24/7 year-round pool (not sure any other hotel has their pools open at all hours)!What made the deal even sweeter was the casino. Yes, it's tiny but the slots were doing well for me, not super harsh. I had some fun at the craps table too. It's also nice to have $2.50 roulette (50 cent chips) and $3 BJ right under your nose. Also, I hit several small wins (like free wings and free shows and even a $50 bonus slot play) on the promo slots with my $200 free slot play but I kept playing through the wins trying to get a promo jackpot (of $1000 cash) reaching up to about $20,000 in free promo slot play...before losing it all. I got 3 hours on that slot...certainly wished the promo play counted for comps!What made the deal even more intriguing was the facilities. The gift shop has my favorite tollhouse cookie ice cream sandwich! The steakhouse (formerly known as Mad onion) has a wonderful and comfortable decor and open all night long. Food here was OK with me. Did not get a chance to go to Hooters but had the 25cent hooters wings at the bar and it was so nasty (tried them again in new Jersey and they still were gross). Taxis were always available outside. At least they have shows (which not all off-strip hotels do)! Internet kiosks abound. An arcade (though limited hours). And nearby trop and mgm are also nice, fun (more refined) casinos. I also like taking the 201 bus from in front of the hotel down to Tropicana Cinemas on trop ave for $1.50 second-run movies. Granted, the bright oranges and wood plank thingies everywhere can be a tad overboard. And people might find Hooters *not* as grandiose and impressive as other Strip casinos but it's fully comfortable and decent. All in all, however, Hooters is a hotel and casino with a very nice and fun vibe with great value especially with a good offer.
5	this is a place to take advantage of!!!how ...gets yourself a players club card!!!play and win their money!!!they invite you back for free !!!2 night stay food credits and match play incraments of (50-75$)!!!my family and i stayed nye 2011-2012 for 75$ a night because of the players vip perks...going for free super bowl weekend 2 nights on hooters and a vip football party!!!
4	(this review is for the Cattleman's Steakhouse restaurant)Join the Owl Rewards club for free and get a FREE* steak dinner if you're an out of state resident. This deal is going on for at least the month of January, but possibly longer. You also get $200 of promotional slot play which I 99% guarantee will be depleted within 2 minutes. Don't even bother playing, unless you're feeling lucky (do you work at Google?).*For the low price of a $1.50 drink, you get a 10oz steak, a baked potato, butter (optional; it comes packaged), and UNLIMITED Texas toast.The $1.50 drink choices are bud, bud lite, bud lite lime (surprisingly good)Sides and deserts are all $1.50 each. I added sauted onions and mushrooms for $1.50 total to my steak. My steak was actually medium rare and very juicy and delicious, though a bit sinewy. I loved the Texas toast.We got chocolate thunder for dessert, which was hot and fudgy/moist. It definitely tasted much better than it looked.We came again the next night after clubbing around 3 am for some 25 cent wings. Mmm!Hooters and it's cheap yet good quality food (and very filling) definitely did not disappoint. I'd say it was better than Wicked Spoon's buffet and Mon Ami Gabi's dinners!
2	Three things:1. Our server was very kind (black chick).2. Another server was a bitch, rolling her eyes at our request for new utensils, since we received dirty ones (blonde chick). She did not grant our request.3. Wings were below average. It filled me up, but did not satisfy.
1	This place blows.  Staff seems bored and depressed, not to mention rude.  Plus there was a 20 minute wait for an empty bar/restaurant.  Lame.
1	Inattentive waitress keeps forgetting us both food and drink -- wanders off and must be flagged down. Food is greasy and flavorless, even the burger bun. Disgusting.
5	I'm writing this from my room on the 17th floor or the Hooters hotel.  I'm sorry that so many of the previous reviews had a bad time here, I certainly am not.I'd dropped by the $3 blackjack table on my last two trips to Vegas and had a good time.  I decided to try taking advantage of their winter deal when I knew I'd be back here.  When I read some of the reviews below, i was nervous but went forward with it.  I'm so glad I did.Check in was quick, I received my deal benefits easily.  I love how small the place is.  I don't have to walk two miles to get from my room to the front desk, a restaurant, and casino games.Everyone that I have encountered on staff has been very helpful and gracious.   It's a bit cold for the pool, but it looks like it's fun in the summer.One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is spend a couple hours in the morning playing $3 blackjack at Hooters.  if I came in before noon, I've never had a problem finding a seat and normally am up a few bucks when I walk away.  The game staff has been great, helpful, and kind (this morning Bill and Fangsu were great.. the floor manager Joe was also a treat).Last time I stayed in Vegas, I was at the Mirage.  Fancy place, but I felt that my room and bathroom were way smaller than the one I'm in right now.Compared to RESORTS, this hotel is probably a three star, but according to Yelp, four stars is "Yay!  I'm a fan!" which is definitely true and five means it's as good as it gets.  For this price, it is as good as it gets and all of the staff that I have encountered has been great. I'll be back and suggest it to friends. It's a good hotel to hang out, play a little, and check out Vegas.  It's right off the strip and my room had a great view of Luxor, Excalibur, New York, and MGM.  I think this is an excellent hotel to stay at if you're not being fancy-pants!
4	After checking out of the Luxor we decided to stay one more night in Vegas. We found Hooters & for $30 we weren't expecting much. But when we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are pretty big & the bathroom has a fairly large counter. There were 4 girls so we loved having all that space. Plus there were enough outlets for everything. The casino was also pretty cool. I didn't get to sign up for the players card but I heard its a great deal. Plus its right next to tropicana & across from MGM. I walked next door around 3am to play over there & it was lit up enough that I felt safe. Awesome location.
4	Stopped in at hooters for wings and drinks, was pretty satisfied.The service was good, loved the fried pickles, and the wings were delicious. They also have some great drink specials.Def someplace worth checking out for a bite to eat.
3	My waitress was very efficient. She was pretty busy but she too good care of us! I ordered the Cheesy Totts, they were ok. They were a little skimp on the bacon and sour cream, and although it was ok, I dont think i'd order that again. My friend ordered the Caesar salad which in our opinion had too much dressing. She ordered that to be healthy and we all know there are lots of calories in dressing. We also ordered the caramel fudge cheesecake. Its was ok, the fudge on the bottom of the cheesecake was a little overwhwhelming for me. The chocolate syrup swirled on the the plate would've been enough chocolate for me. But otherwise it was good. So I give this Hooters 3 stars because it was all around OK. Nothing, not the food or the service was great. In addition it was about a 35 minute wait, there were a lot of empty tables, im thinking they were short staffed and should hire more people so they can accomodate more people so the wait is in turn shorter, just a thought.
5	We had a great time here! The Raack-n-Roll show was great too, very sexxxy and the comedian was funny too!
1	I would give them no stars if possible. For Vday we all wanted some steak, we saw the  $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel and ventured over. The host was RUDE, we stood there for 15 minutes (no joke) before he hung up and decided to turn around and said in a stern voice "Uh can I help you?" .... Um ya we're here to eat - duh - but instead we just said "We'd like to be seated" - service was HORRIBLE.... took forever to get refills or drinks in the first place.... food had no flavor and was not appetizing at all. Took forever to get a check or be checked up on.... I paid the bill for 4 - $80 NOT WORTH SPENDING..... I didn't even wanna tip the guy - but I gave em 10% anyways.... ***Oh and they were NOT EVEN busy**** Just saying....
2	I came here for the first time to eat dinner with my friends and I must say I wasn't impressed. While the waitress was very friendly, it didn't make up for the lack of effort put into making the food. I decided to try their "world famous wings" since it appeared to be the most popular menu item. After a very long time waiting, my wings arrived and they were very cold. I couldn't bring myself to eat very many and just found a few that were warm.Would I say I had a good first time? not really. Would I go here again? probably not, ill just stick to Wing Stop.
2	HIGHLY disappointed! Far too overpriced & its crappy as hell. Even the quality of their wings was worthless. Will NOT be coming back
1	Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
4	Yet another Hooters (shhhh...it's a chain) Usual Hooters fare, see wingsday special. Good experience with the manager here who worked with us to get in a large group for an event we are planning. As they say, "Delightfully Tacky, Yet Unrefined." I prefer this location to the one in the Hooters casino. Not sure why, maybe because I like Sunset Station better.
3	Cheap. Clean. You get what you pay for.  Don't expect the Ritz on a Mote 6 receipt :). 1.50 long necks all day every day. .25 cent wings from midnight to 6 am.  Free parking. Free WIRED Internet.  But hey, it's cheap, convenient and has some good deals. Oh and the pools amazing and the tattoo parlor is actually quite good (ask for lisa!)
1	YUCK. Don't waste your money. Service sucked as well. We watched 2 groups of people get seated, order, eat and leave before we got our food. The food taste like fried batter, no matter what you were eating. I know, I know, we were eating fried chicken wings, but there was no flavor of the hot sauce or chicken, just FRIED garbage. And they charge you extra for ranch with chicken wings...who does that??
1	OK, I've never been to a Hooters before, and I thought this would be cool to go since It was VEGAS!!! Not what I expected :( I was very exited for my male cousins,uncles and even my Hubby!!So when I think of hooters,I think of beautiful women well at least not in this location sorry Ladies but your Ugly attitude detroys everythingBad bad bad ...the food, the waitresses, the service. Step your game up Hooters
1	Room OK but hard to find. They have no maps to find your way around. They add Resort Fee of $8.50 per day on top of cost of room, taxes, and other fees. Resort Fee is payable when you check out. I think this is a Rip Off. I will not stay here again. There are too many resorts that don't try to "Rip you off" when you leave.
2	Service wasn't that great and the food was just mediocre. I haven't been inside this casino since it opened until now. My bf wasn't impressed with his meal and we had it comped off.
3	Booked a Saturday night stay after Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $50 (+$8 resort fee) for a standard tower room.  Tried to check in 1hr before check-in time but no go. They said the rooms weren't available yet but did lock up my luggage so I was free to roam.Was assigned a room in the Ocean View tower. Bed was comfortable, no flat screen and the decor, well it's Hooters' knotty pine and tropical prints. The whole place is starting to show some wear. My bathroom, while clean, had a shower/tub leak that looked as though it rotted out the metal door frame bottom - and left a wet spot on the carpet after use (which I didn't catch when 1st moving in.)The bottom of the parking garage had a bunch of room furniture stored there so I thinking there may be some renovating going on. Would probably give a 3.5 rating (aside from the shower/tub leak.) Staff is helpful, dealers surly and clients were friendly. OK value if you just need a decent room to crash in and tough to beat the $50 range on a weekend - just 1 city block from Trop & MGM.
4	I been to Hooters many times.  I really like their breaded hot wings.  Service has been hit or miss but overall I will continue to return
2	I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
2	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
4	I have always been a fan of the hooters wings . But on this perticular day I was in a bad mood ( hubby and I did not sleep well) My first impression of our waitress Nicole was uh oh but she turned out to be sooo awsome she got our food to us fast and when I was unhappy with my drink (It was way to spicey) she tried to get me an extra shot of vodka to lighten it up for me. ( Her manager who I don't think as highly of said no) she brightend up to very grumpy people. Thanks again Nicole.
1	We booked a single night here a year ago in March. We were looking for an inexpensive place near the strip. Now let me start off by saying.....I am NOT one of those picky people who complain over the slightest  things..... but JEEZ! This place REEKED of smoke (yes i am aware that it is a casino) but even my hair reeked from staying in this room. The electrical outlets appeared to be hanging off the wall and i was afraid I'd electrocute myself if I attempted to charge my phone. During my shower I was standing in a little more than ankle deep water and washing my face was almost going to cause an overflow in the sink (drainage problems). The bedsheets, or lack there of were horrible. I slept with only the comforter since the bed didn't come with any sheets or a blanket. The filling in the comforter was matted and shoved to one end of the comforter....therefore.....I guess it became a sheet. Ha! My parents also stayed in a room one floor below us and told us they too had issues with the shower and sink......and found a few spiders hanging out with them. (two were spinning webs in the tub). I could go on about the decor, the rude staff, the dirty elevator.......but whatever. Point is, Only stay if you absolutely can't afford to spend a few more bucks elsewhere or if your a drunk frat boy just needing a place to crash.......in little more than a sheet.
1	i can't explain how disappointed i was last night when i went to hooters casino, stopped for there .25 wing promotion. i ordered my wings naked with bbq and hot sauce, the waitress said i couldn't have it that way " they can't put both sauces on" one or the other, hmmm dumb i know, ok now she brings them and neither is on, there over cooked and greasy. good news, buds where 2.50 but a soda was 2.99. in conclusion, never ever ever go to hooters for wings. one more thing the servers were'nt even in the traditional hooters outfits.
1	This hotel is such a waste of money, your better off staying in a no name hotel. I had to get a last minute room on a busy weekend so I really had no choice.In a nutshellThe minute we got to the hotel no one helped us, valet person just watched us open our trunk and get our bags out, until I finally asked him for a luggage cartGot inside our room, old t.v., trash can was so stained and old it was so gross, the water in the shower kept going super hot to super cold, the t.p. was so thin we went through two rolls in one day, the walls were patched everywhere, our bathroom door handle didn't work, the air conditioner was a wall unit (old), also we could hear the people in the next room through the bathroom vents.I gambled in the Hooters casino for 1 1/2 hours and never once saw a waitress so I was unable to get a drink.Bottom line this hotel is a total WASTE of money! There are better places to stay for the money. I should have known better then to say here but like I said I didn't have much choice.Crappy restaurant and even crappier hotel and casino.
3	I've stayed here in the past, and my friends had a room here this time around, so I was inside the room for an hour or 3 while they got ready (sometimes women take a long time. a looooong time). The rooms are small, but theres plenty of space to do shots with everyone before running out onto the strip.Any ways, I hated staying here, it wasn't my cup of tea though there wasn't anything inherently wrong about it. I'm just picky I guess. But I really enjoy the ambiance on the casino floor for casual fun. If i'm feeling fancy, I head over somewhere else, but when I'm romping and stomping with a big group, we usually end up here at least for a bit. I'm a big fan of hooter's restaurants already (love hot wings) and this is like one big hooters restaurant, but with slot machines and craps tables.I actually managed to come up 190 bucks on a hot table here (later lost on poker in the Aria) so I enjoyed it more than usual. Even if I lost it all it would of been ok since we had some fun with friendly and totally wasted strangers.This is probably the closest to the strip hotel/casino that doesn't have roaches and is under 100 bucks most of the year. It's good if you're on a budget, or don't actually plan on sleeping in the rooms.
2	Meh. Really was nothing more than a place to sleep in. I'm not going to complain too much, but lets be honest: what the hell are you expecting for $35 a night?
1	Fail!  Prior to coming to Las Vegas I signed up for the Owl Card from Hooters online because of the promotional free play of $200.00.  I was so excited! But instinctively I knew something didn't add up.  Finally got the chance to stop by Hooters Casino today to claim the physical Owl Card, the cashier said the promotion was a marketing error! I was so disappointed!  They should've sent me an email explaining the marketing error so I didn't have to waste my time driving in 90 degrees weather, stuck in traffic on Las Vegas Blvd, and had to fight for parking. I'm very unhappy.
2	Heard a lot of good things about this place, and that's why i went ......WOW the place is small and smelly !!! never going back again
2	Seems like a lot of the Hooters girls need a reality check:1. Just because you're wearing booty shorts and a push up bra doesn't mean you're automatically hot. Ok? Calm your fake tits2. Being extra nice adds to your hotness factor3. Some guys like stuck up b*tches, most people don't4. Attitude adjustment, hello! As for the casino, I was able to get $100 free playing money for the slots which was pretty cool & a good time waster. I didn't win anything though, the house always wins.
2	Came here at around 6:00 AM... maybe we were in the wrong place, but none of the servers were Hooters girls... kinda disappointed in that... but service was good.  We got 50 wings (at 25 cents a piece) plus some fries... the fries were actually really good.... hot, crispy and seasoned... the wings had a lot of meat and were just crazy drowned in butter and sauce... it's one of those meals where you feel lucky to be alive and not dead of a heart attack when you're done.  Paper towels on the table.  I left early to take a dump so not sure if there were wet naps at the end.
3	well going to this casino reminds me to a T! of the restaurant.. which may have been there downfall! lol it didn't look fancy ...or spectacular to me in anyway.. well we just went in for some wings anyways they had some good tables to play at like 3 dollar blackjack.. but it was my last day in Vegas and we were very broke lol so i didn't get to play. overall wing were the same.
1	The last 4 of June 2012 my husband my mom a group of friends we decide to go for Hooter wings because the location is in Phoenix AZ is very good1. silly thing they did the group of 8 people we wanna be together in the same table was impossible because was impossible why is no tables for a big group of people 2.THE CHARGE FOR THE RANCH DRESSING stupid thing a DOLLAR for a half of the little thing 3.they toke the own gratuity well on that one i am half and half I'm never leave a dollar tip but toked just like that i don't like it at all I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS HOOTER RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS IF YOU WANT TO EAT WITH OUT STRESS SPEND YOUR MONEY SOME WHERE ELSE
4	My wife and I had lunch here, and we were both very impressed. She had a frozen strawberry margarita that she said was one of the best she ever had; I'm not a margarita guy, but I tried it and was blown away.The service was solid, and the food was pretty good. It's a little strange that fries aren't an advertised side with burgers (and therefore cost extra), but it wasn't a huge jump in price so I didn't think of it as a huge deal.All in all, a solid place to get a quick, informal bite to eat.
4	I love this hotel - decent location (not the best, but decent) - 20 minutes to Planet Hollywood and Bellagio.The rooms are biiiiiig, and stylish (they actually managed to create a nice design even with the wood paneling, both in the room and in the hotel).The pool is area is really nice (you can actually enjoy some shade in the afternoon).Watch out for the $9.95/day resort fees though
4	I'm basing my rating mainly on customer service.During my 4 night stay, I had the opportunity to interact with several employees. People who work at the front desk, restaraunt, maintenence & engineering and phone operators. I did not gamble and I don't drink.It wasn't until the day before my flight that I decided to read some reviewsand all I found was negative things. it spooked me, but still, everything was already paid for so I followed through. I learned on youtube how to inspect a room for bed bugs when you get there. And how to prepare your belongings before you leave. Thankfully all was good. No bed bugs. At least, not in my room.However!When I got there my toilet was backed up. Gross! Picked up the phone and dialed 0 for the operator. There was no waiting time or music. An immediate answer. I like that. It only took the maintenence guy 5 minutes to arrive with a plunger. He had a good ense of humor about it. But the plunger wasn't enough so he went back out and in only another 5 minutes was back with a snake. Mission accomplished! He'd fixed it. He even insisted on finding something to make it smell good. More importantly, it stayed fixed. He did return on Friday to replace the air conditioner that was only blowing hot air. It took me 2 nights to realize it because I rarely spent time in the room and so I hdnt tried to use it. Agan great service making the call, quick response time and a quick replacement time.The restaraunt was great. I only ate at The Onion Grill because I'm not into the greasy party food places. And so yes, The Onion Grill had decent food at a bargain price. I'm consistenly focused on improving my eating habits sincee I've been engaged in working out with P90X, Insanity, RevAbs and now moving on to Body Beast. All available at FitnessCompensation.com And being that I was on a budget, it seemed just right for me. The service was always better than Id expected. Seated quickly and never felt rushed while I was at the table. The food tasted great and was delivered quickly.Oh.. Before I forget..The room had a few large stains on the carpet. Looked as if the room had been rearranged or renovated. The wood lining on the walls, the mattress and boxspring under it and the wooden furnature was all new. The rug wasn't new though, and I noticed it.In a nutshell..Despite the room needing a few fixes, which were handled promply. I enjoyed my stay overall. I slept well at night and left with a smile because I felt my business was appreciated there. and when I come back next year, I already know where I'm staying.
3	Ballin' on a budget!  For this trip hell ya!!  My two bros and I stayed here for 3 nights and paid a total of $100.  We spent our money else where and just used this place to sleep/shower.  Value was great, room was alright, but you get what you paid for.  The pool area was nothing to drool over.  If you love wings and are hungry after a night of gallivanting, then you found the spot for cheap eats!
4	On a budget?  Yes!Need a location close to the strip?  Yes!Enjoy inexpensive food?  Yes!Hooters fan?  YES YES YES!If you answered yes to one or all of the above questions, then Hooters Casino is your destination in Sin City!Our room was available for a late check-in as promised after verifying my reservation and mentioning my tardy arrival.  My RSVP was actually booked for the previous night; however, due to flight constraints, I did not arrive as scheduled.  We were fortunate to receive a no-frills corner room that was handicap accessible with a view of the liquor store and Motel 6.  I guess everyone is challenged when under the influenced!  The room served its purpose as a spot to recover from a late night / early morning festive events.  We were fortunate to be close to the ice machine.  :)Hooters offered various food promotions and bargain prices such as:* .50 cent wings from 10pm to 6am with a purchase of a $2.50 mug* $3 steak (6 oz), eggs, toast* $5.99 steak (8 or 12oz) from 11am to 9pm by signing up with the Hooters Owl Club (Players Club)The $3 breakfast can be ordered from the bar by the sports book.  Wait time was minimal compared to the actual restaurant (Onion club).Also there's a pool at the Hooters casino; however, don't expect the scene to resemble "Rehab" ala Hard Rock Casino.  But you can have wings n beer delivered straight to your reclining chair!  In addition the pool is open 24 hours including the two hot tubs!  HOOT there it is!
3	Think Vegas Vacation. Clark Griswold is playing in the casino off the strip. Low end, small. Games like "Pick a Number", "Coin Toss", "War", "Heads or Tails", "Guess Which Hand" and "Rock, Paper, Scissors". That's the feeling at Hooter's Casino. Other casinos make you feel like you are in New York, or Paris. This one makes you feel like you are no longer on the Las Vegas strip. On the plus side, the rooms are cheap. They have a pool. Bud Lights are $2.50. Vegas on the cheap. "Woo hoo... Big bet for a BIG man... Sure you don't want to save a few bucks for the buffet?"
2	Not good I'm afraid,, I was rudely awakened by a maid bumping his vacuum on my door repeatedly at 9am and when I finely decided to get up and open the door the guy just had a smile on his face and I said what the f--ks up with banging on my door at 9am and all he said he was "it wasn't him" WTF?? I called downstairs and was put on hold , I waited and waited and my call was not taken after two tries so I go downstairs to jump in somebody's ass and all I get was a the run around ,The supervisor Said I could have a late checkout and assured me no one else would bother me and he would call housekeeping and let Them know not to knock,, what happens !! The maid walks in on me just as i was falling back asleep:-( guess that's why this place is on its way down. Iv stayed here lots and lots of times over the passed few years and I think Iv stayed there for the last time.. I served in Baghdad and was treated better:-/
4	ok ok so first of all this review is mainly on the Hotel aspect of it. I stayed here and i was definitely skeptical because it based on a restaurant theme and I wasn't exactly confident based on the yelp reviews i was reading. The GoodThe Rooms were affordable. Their customer service was excellent. We had a problem with a door on our first room and they upgraded us no problem. The Rooms were clean. I saw pics online with wood and I thought i won't look good but when I got there it looked great and clean. Kind of like a Miami or Cancun beach hotel. The Swimming pool is 24 hours. Big plus for us since we got there so late. People were swimming at 2 in the morning. VEGAS baby. Beers were cheap $2.50Walking distance from the center of the strip. The location was the main factor we choose this place. The BadThey charge a Resort fee whether you use their pool, gym and other amenities.The Gambling wasn't that good. I mean their gaming selection wasn't that amazing. The Vibe of the hotel is more beach hotel than classy stay so I looked out of place coming out to my car in a suit. Overall I would definitely stay here again. I wouldn't come here to gamble and I want people to think of this place as a more relaxed atmosphere then a classy atmosphere such as the Cosmopolitan.
1	This place is falling apart! To start we asked for a fridge and was told that it would be a $25 a night charge, we said NOPE. So we begain are trek from the parking garage dealing with there broken elevators and halls that smelled of urine. The rooms were the worst part. Are first room had a broken tv, the wall in the shower had almost completely fallen off, no bedding and we finally complained when the air conditioner broke. The next room was just as bad and dirty plus the wall mount air conditioner was so loud we had to shut it off to sleep in vegas heat. The pool area is rediculous very dirty, nothing like the pictures I've seen nicer pools in a backyard. All the elevators are broken suprised there allowed to still operate at all. When we checked out they told us that there was a $12 a night resort fee in a hotel that didnt even have a coffee maker. We unfortunately booked 5 nights in this dump and had to pay despite having to move rooms between are stay. I will never step foot in a hooters again after this experience.
4	Four stars because I love this free pool - it is pretty chill and always nice to relax at. The waterfall pool is freezing cold though and of course it's the "cool" one though but it is so cold you barely see people in it! The bartenders are also nice at the pool... However we did try to go eat inside Hooters to get some freakin' wings after swimming one day and our server failed to greet us within TEN minutes! As we were leaving a server came over like: Do you need anything?? UMMM how bout asking us that TEN MINUTES AGO?!! Anyway, if we want wings, next time we will just order from the pool bartenders!
1	ew
3	I have been a fan of this place for a while. I have stayed here a few times throughout the years. I like the rooms, the only problem is the location of the casino from the strip. Although it is still super close walking distance. I love the 25cent wings after midnight. I like playing here as well. The only reason why I'm rating it a 3 star instead of a 4-5 star is because of the horrible rude staff there. Every single person I ran into that worked there had a horrible presence and talked to me like I wasn't worth there time. Which really made me mad. I'm a huge gambler and that made me just walk out the door.
3	Hooters has the name, but this is a very well worn, and updated casino ./ hotel.The casino is roomy and clean, again, well worn,For the cost and convenience to the strip, it is a good deal.
5	I'm generally a picky person when it comes to Hotels, and even though Hooters isn't the nicest hotels on the strip it certainly isn't that bad either. I have stayed at many of the 5 star hotels and some 3-4 star hotels as well...and I would I have to say that Hooters is a very clean, cozy, and comfy hotel for those on a budget looking to stay in a clean hotel. I would certainly recommend this over Luxor. Although, the new towers in Luxor are nice the older ones are sure nasty. While, Hooters is consistent throughout, and I love the fact that their pool/spa area is 24 hours.
2	Everything bar the wings and pina coladas was below average. BUT the wings were soooo good.
4	My husband and I were tired and needed a place to sit down rest for a while.  So we decided go to Hooters and we sat at the bar, my husband got a Corona and I got a frozen strawberry margarita.  I recommend the frozen margarita, it was delicious.  The atmosphere was upbeat and relaxing at the same time.  Our waitress was nice and took good care of us, always checking if we needed anything else.  They seemed to be very busy while we were there and we enjoyed ourselves so we decided to come back and eat the next time.  When we went back to eat it was for lunch and it had just opened so it wasn't that busy.  We both enjoyed our meal, I got the Chicken strip and cheese sandwich and my husband got the Fish Sandwich.  They were both on sourdough buns and soooo good.   We had a very nice waitress that was expecting and  I thought it was neat that instead of the normal uniform warn she was wearing a t-shirt that says "Baby on Board" !!As always we saw quite a few families enjoying themselves and the one family got their children's picture taken with the waitress and the children were smiling from ear to ear.  We have done this more than once in the past and it is nice to see others that are coming here to enjoy themselves and not just looking for a reason not to like Hooters.  It is definitely a place you can take your children to and enjoy a nice fun meal.
1	Wow what a dump! From the second I got out of the car in their filthy garage, walked into the dirty elevator with sticky floors and MISSING panel on the door, I knew I was in trouble.  I was there for business, not to play in their gang banger infested pool.The hallways and elevators inside the hotel stunk of month old sour beer and I was scared to touch anything in the room.The people were very nice, but the only way I would stay here again is if my only other option was sleeping at the bus stop.  I checked out early wishing I never checked in in the first place.  WHERE ARE THE STANDARDS????
4	3 dollar blackjack!They have a 3 dollar blackjack table!I played forever and was up like 9 dollars!
2	Service slow. Food was partly cold and they didn't have the specials like the one my husband and I go to in Escondido, ca.  If you have a local hooters my bet is its better. Stick with that!
1	Where to begin. I've been coming to Hooters Hotel for years, my last visit having been a couple of years ago. I've never expected much from Hooters as it's always been a cheap but decent place to stay and play. Unfortunately in the last couple of years they've really let the place go. The rooms used to be a decent place to sleep, and unwind after a day of getting your butt kicked at craps. No longer. The rooms were absolutely disgusting. Missing chairs, filthy carpets with stains from God knows what on them, moldy bathrooms, rusting exposed pipes, fecal matter left in the "clean toilets", towels that were thread bear and reeked of unmentionable things (ie: they weren't well cleaned if at all). It was literally vomit inducing. The common areas have not fared better in recent years with missing ceiling panels, failing air conditioning, elevators that are barely functional and reek of weed and urine. The Hooters restaurant in the back of the casino is still the same as always and is what you'd expect from a run of the mill Hooters, but unfortunately the fairly nice Dan Marino's restaurant up front has been replaced with "The Mad Onion" which is just best avoided. The staff are a miserable bunch who seem generally upset to be working there, and the food isn't even deserving of the name food. I had the turkey dinner and my companions had the brisket and mozzarella sticks respectively. Not one of the meals was even half finished. They were all barely edible. The McDonald's over at Excalibur would have been a classier and more palatable choice. The only place it looks like they've spent any money lately is on the casino, unfortunately that too was wasted and not for the better. Most of the table games have been replaced with electronic counterparts which are just not enjoyable like "old fashioned" blackjack, roulette, etc... It really pains me to say this as I've been a big fan of this casino and hotel for years and made it a point to stop by even if I'm not staying here on a particular trip. But after my most recent visit I will not be returning. They've really let this place go to the point where a Motel 6 looks like the Ritz by comparison.
1	Seriously. I don't go to Hooters all that often, but when I do, they have a gimmick to adhere too! The normally friendly waitresses I'm used to see around where just a sham here. Very poor service. I definitely don't come here for the food! Ours completely ignored us and was a struggle to get anyone to help us. Wasn't like I was being out of control drunk (I didn't even drink alcohol, just wanted a snack and a friend was staying at the hotel). I'm sure the girls have to deal with the local or visiting normal douche bags that come in there (the clientele was very suspect), but come on, I gave you all 2, 3, 4, 5 chances.....sorely disappointed and by the looks of other reviews, I'm not the only one. As one previous reviewer said "Come on, its Vegas!". Totally. Should really step this one up. I'm sure they're getting by on name brand recognition and reputation from the logo than what this place gives out.HOWEVER - If you're looking for a cheap hotel (as in inexpensive both for the basic room and basic floor), then you've found your place. I have friends that stay here for the price and location and they love it. No extra frills. Basic. Not one of my personal favorites, but if you're looking for this place, then it's there for you and probably would rate this much higher. Not a favorite of mine personally.
3	Is the name a bit crass? Yes. Is the concept a bit cheesy? You bet. Is the casino small and cramped? Sure enough. Are the wings incredibly overrated? Words can not describe. That being said, if crass, cheesy, cramped and overrated are your thing, by all means do stop in. That is the great thing about Las Vegas, there is something for everyone. I will mention one good feature, the pool is quite festive. So what the hay, go ahead and give this place a spin. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	I was really craving fried chicken. Because I frequent all the Hooters restaurants in Los Angeles and am never disappointed, stopping by this Hooters was no-brainer!We were a group of 3 girls and when we walked in the hostess scantily greeted us. Then she kept us standing at the podium for one minute while we watched her have a PERSONAL conversation with her coworker right in front of us!! It was unreal. She then proceeded to take the menus and drop them on our table....She didnt tell us to have a good meal and she didnt even wait for us to sit down. (I watched her do this to everyone else)Once our server came, she was like a breath  of fresh air. Unfortunately I forgot her name but she was very quick and attentive. She did whatever it took to make and keep us happy. My friends enjoyed their food but my chicken was a little too greasy for my liking. I also ordered the buffalo shrimp and there was nothing buffalo about them! They were dry and gross! This location is pretty big but there were NO BOOTHS in sight. We had to sit on barstools that did not support our backs..VERY PAINFUL! The location was not as clean as I would have liked it to be and there seemed to be no manager on site....Overall this was a bad experience and I will never visit this location again.
2	So I Decided To Take A Summer Trip To Vegas With A Few Friends..We Decided On Hooters Because It Would Only Be $75 For 4 Days Which Is Cheap Considering Im Not Gonna Be In The Room Anyways But To Shower And Maybe Sleep. We Checked In Were Greeted By Marcos At The Check In Desk I Gave Him My ID And Card Be Proceeded To Tell Me It Would Be A $300 Deposit Plus $11/ Day Resort Fee. I Didnt Know About A Deposit And Refused To Pay It After Arguing I Got To Only Put Down A $100 Deposit. We Get The Room Keys And Were On The Ninth Floor And It Was Right Next To The Elevators So You Can Hear Them Coming Up And Down All Night..The Room Was Clean The Beds Were Comfortable The Pool Is Awesome The Downfall Was The Deposit And Rude Customer Service..I Wouldnt Come Again
4	Considering what I got for $20 per night, this place might actually deserve five stars. But it just doesn't seem right somehow. . .I mean, it's a Hooters. $20 (plus a resort fee though. . .don't forget about that sneaky little mofo) got me a pretty great room here. I think they might have upgraded me, but it was surprisingly nice, alarmingly spacious, and refreshingly clean. Pretty decent view too. This was my home base for several days when I first moved down here and was looking for an apartment, and it did its job admirably. The Mad Onion restaurant, though nothing to write home about, also did its job. For an early (like before 6am early) breakfast, the special prices can't be beat. Chicken fried steak for like 3 bucks or something. A-ok in my book. My only real gripe. . . NO WIFI. none. They do have wired access in the rooms, but my computer doesn't have an ethernet plug so that did me no good. And I think it costs extra anyway. Still, for the budget traveler who wants to stay in a place that is effectively on the Strip (definitely close enough to be convenient), this is certainly worth checking out.
4	Sure - maybe the painted palm tree shadows that adorn the outer walls of Hooters Hotel and Casino don't necessarily catch your eye quite like the fountains outside the Bellagio or the roller coaster outside New York New York might... but don't be too quick to judge! Hooters will hook you up.  Seriously, I've stayed there twice: once I paid $35 per night, and the other time we took advantage of a friend's free two-night stay promotion that came in the mail.  And when they say free, they mean it... no small print or extra fees, just a kick-ass time set to the timeless beats of Prince's Purple Rain.  (I mean it, they must have played through that entire album like five times throughout my three-day stay... and I am certainly not complaining!) Okay, so the rooms aren't fabulous... they've been known to have some unidentifiable brown stains on the carpet and I'd prefer not to imagine what other horrors would surface with aid of a black light. The casino is small and the cocktail waitresses are often old and jaded (but don't worry guys - the mandatory uniform still includes tight orange booty shorts)... However, in my opinion, all of this simply adds to the character of the place! Hooters is close enough to the strip, and to the shuttle that takes you through Excalibur, Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, that you can easily get your fill of the flashier money-pits that make Vegas what it is... and then, broke but too drunk to care, you can meander on back to Hooters at 5am with no trouble at all. Maybe even stop at Coco's on the way for a Lumberjack Breakfast.  Honestly, it's kind of a relief to be back in a smaller, less overwhelming casino after hours navigating the endless mazes that characterize the monster hotels... I mean, they are designed specifically to keep you in. I root for the Hoots!!
1	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Rates are cheap for very good reasons. For example: furniture missing from room, air conditioning inoperative (in 100+ degree heat). No hot water in room for hours. You get what you pay for. Stay away from this hotel.
1	My boyfriend loves hooters' wings and with his first visit to Vegas was pretty stoked to have some wings there. The service was terrible. We were not greeted for 15 minutes, and when someone actually came by she stated "you havent been helped? I guess I can help you" When food finally started to arrive, after waiting another 15 minutes for our beer, the wrong food starting arriving. When we spoke up the waitress just looked confused and walked away. After ten more minutes, the right food arrived you could say, my cheeseburger was a piece of meat on bread. No lettuce, mayo, nothing. The food was so greasey and bad we left and had to lay down it made us sick.
3	My friends were too lazy and hungover to go elsewhere, so we decided to go to go to Hooters, since it was across the street from our hotel.  It was my first time here, so I was kind of excited.I came with 3 of my guy friends.  They got soup and we ordered the 50 pc wings which were all so dry.  Guess it's overly priced b/c they have waitresses in their outfits.  Being my first time here, I just thought it was funny we had a pregnant waitress; at least she was fit haha.The wings were so dry, I used up 3/4 of a new bottle of Hooters hot sauce.  My friends were shocked how much hot sauce I used up.  They thought I was messing around when I poured a lot of sauce on my plate.  Nope, I love sauce in general lolIf people like girls in those outfits, they should checkout the Viet cafes.  You'll see more for a cheaper price LOLMy first time, probably my last...
4	Really relaxing and enjoyable experience. Great wait staff. It's nice to be able to eat a down-home buffalo chicken sandwich at a good price while in such an overpriced town. Everything we had was good from the boneless wings to the fries. Beer prices are pretty decent too. Definitely a good departure for one meal while staying in Vega$.
3	Typical Hooters, this one just happens to be inside the Hooters casino. Service was average.
2	Given the Hooters reputation, this was a disappointment, especially for Vegas. Service was average and the food was too. Our orders came out incorrectly the first time. The second time, they were scattered so we didn't have our meal together.  We originally planned to dabble in the casino with their rewards card promo, but it's quite the catch. You gamble the money and you might get back fifty percent of your net loss. Meh. Not interested. Not worth visiting at all.
2	Horrible horrible hotel. Old and dirty and way to expensive for what we received. The floor our room was on smelled like pee. They had a dryer outside the elevator for the 4 days we were here and finally on the last day we almost couldn't smell the pee any more. My friend also got food poisoning from the wings. So be careful!The only thing that was great about this hotel was the staff. They were absolutely amazing. Super friendly and really made you feel special. JB who worked at the pool was really nice and always made sure we were well taken care of. I do not think I will ever stay here again but if I did it would only be because if the staff. NOT the hotel or food
3	It was ok. The hotel room was fine. Clean and I had fresh towels everyday. Tv was kind of old but no big deal. Pool area was solid. Casino was very small and the only real table game they had was blackjack, which I don't play. But the location was solid at the north end of the strip and the price was in my range (like $60.00 a night) for my 3 nights. I would stay agin if I had too, but their are better hotels for a little more money.
5	Love this Place! Stayed here many times in the past and will stay many more. It's a smaller property but thats a major PLUS! Awesome pool, great gambling, the slots are loose and I always win there for some reason. Staff is very nice & accomadating. Our room has always been big & spotless, beds very comfortable. Food is ok, beer is very cheap and there's always something going on in this place to keep ya there. Rooms are always CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and beyond their worth.
2	It is what it is.  A dump.But it's not a total loss.  For a certain group of people, this hotel & casino would work just fine.  Sadly, ours was not that group.Book ahead of time to get the best rates.  I paid $160 for three nights over a weekend in September and that included taxes.Apparently the best rooms are in the Ocean Towers.  I saw a friends room in the other tower and it was even worse than mine.The rooms are bad but not horrible.  My room didn't have a bedspread but no big deal.  I lived without it.  Internet is via ethernet cable but is slow.  On the 10th floor of the Ocean tower facing west I received 4G on my phone during the evening and 3G during the day so I just tethered to it.The rooms are very dated, carpets stained, and walls show a little damage with bumps and scrapes.  There's a safe in the room but mine was inoperable.  The bed sheets were sterile white along with the pillow covers so sleeping in the bed was actually quite fine.The A/C unit sounds like a broken chain saw but stayed "on" the entire time so I used it to drown out noises from the hall and adjacent rooms.  Yes, the walls appear to be paper thin.Old "box" style TV's in the armoire.  Two dozen channels and mine were mostly "fuzzy".Everything is fairly cheap when compared to the other hotels.  The little store by the elevators sells pop, water, chips, beer, etc... It's very reasonable.  They pour mega-strong drinks at the bars and they have $3 and $5 black jack tables on a Saturday night.  It's small and easy to get around in.The sports book is laughable.It's a 5 minute walk to the Tropicana, 8 to MGM, 12 to NY NY, and 15 to the Monte Carlo.  Plug your nose as you reach the sidewalk going to the Tropicana.  The bums have made a home on the NW corner of the Hooters property near the sidewalk and use the small wooded area there to vacate their bowels.  It smells like a Mexican suburb in July.The rooms are dimly lit and a little depressing.This wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  It's just not a good one.  I won't stay here again personally, but that being said, I can see a segment of the population that would.
5	I've stayed here and played here a few times. The hotel rooms are very clean and much nicer than some I've had at hotels considered to be better than this one. I've also always done well in their Casino. This is usually the first place I check if I need a good bargain on a hotel in Vegas. Its not always dirt cheap on busy weekends but most of the time it is.
1	Went in last week for dinner before hitting the casino.  My wife ordered the chicken sliders and I ordered the steak sandwich.  After a prolonged wait our food arrived.  My steak was on a bun that was stale so I just pushed it aside and ate the steak.  The mini buns on my wife's chicken sliders were even worse.  I called our server over and told her the buns were so stale she literally could not eat them.  No apology, no can I get you a fresh bun, no nothing.  Aside from the food being terrible the servers never smiled, never made us feel welcome.  Seemed all they wanted to do was sit around and talk among themselves.
5	First off, "It ain't the Wynn and if you want the Wynn, stay at the Wynn!" This place is not fancy or pretentious. However, if you want an affordable, casual and fun place to stay, then this is TOTALLY your destination.    I had concerns based on some of the reviews about what was to be expected. I am happy to reassure to all of you that this place rocks! The rooms are clean but a little beat up. I spoke to the General Manager who told me they were in the process of updating everything. The food was good and affordable, especially breakfast at the Onion!  The casino is a gem. The tables are affordable and the dealers are enjoyable to talk to, joke with and they are good with advice if you are new to gambling or not sure what to do. However, the best part of this destination are the people.  From the Pit Bosses, to the waitresses, the desk staff, and housekeeping, everyone was delightful and really wanted to make our stay special! It is obvious that the management team knows about service and is making sure that everyone is focused on doing the right thing for everyone.  The casino is a little small, but it gives you an almost family feel which was completely unexpected. I strongly recommend this hotel and casino and will definitely be going back!
1	Hello everyone, I had to create a Yelp account just to inform people how HORRIBLE this hotel really is. Where to start. We got in on a Friday, when we got to the room it smelled horrible. The TP holder was under the sink in the corner with TP rolls sitting on the counter. They must of been to lazy to pick it up and put it back. After I fixed that I sat down to relax and watch some TV.. Well that was a JOKE! I turned on the TV and every channel was staticky and couldn't watch... Yes, I had a nice view of the pool. But as I opened the sliding door to the balcony (which you could only take one step out on and no room to move) the door almost FELL off. I had to catch it before it went over the railing...... The carpets were filthy!! Location SUCKS! After the horrible weekend at hooters I was so glad to get home to a nice clean environment.. I get a call from hooters saying we got charged an extra $300 for the "Damages" . WORST HOTEL EVER DO NOT STAY HERE! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND UPGRADE TO THE MOTEL 6 NEXT DOOR.
3	Let me start with how we ended up staying at this hotel, my friend found a baragin price on Expedia ( $44 for a Friday and Saturday night stay and ending up adding on Sunday night for $34). Arrived very early on Friday morning, had a delicious bargain breakfast at the The Mad Onion located on the casino floor next to the bar. We checked in and found the room to be OK, clean, the bathroom could use a little update.. The casino is very small. We played some roulette, very friendly table host. My husband and I didn't have great expectations for our stay but did find our stay quite comfy. We did enjoy a late night dip in the jacuzzi, the crowd was a bit "sketchy" but not too uncomfortable, the jacuzzi did have a bit too much clorine, made my eyes burn a bit. All in all this hotel is economical and decent.  If your on a budget and want to stay near the south end of the strip, this maybe the hotel for you.
1	Post-lunch hours.  45 minutes late and super greasy wings which mushed up the coating on the bottom wings.  The waitress was friendly enough but I'd much rather come to DanMarinoRedOnionNewName at 2 am, when I don't know any better.
3	Well for the price, think EASY 8 Motel meets Hooters Casino and Restaurant downstairs.  NO WIFI - big drawback there, the rooms need upgrade, the bathrooms were 1990's era. however the room was clean.  So the hotel gets the low rating.  Now the Casino, decent small, not so crowded casino, was nice. $3 blackjack was nice so you can warm up, made a few bucks there, Saturday Nights are hopping there, a live band and it was fun I went back to the casino alot
2	If your looking for a clean, low budget place "on the strip" this place isn't too bad. Just don't expect a lot from a old hotel "renovated" to look like a Hooters restaurant (A little Vegas trivia, Hooters Hotel and Casino used to be The San Remo).When I go to Vegas I usually look for a few things in my hotel: Easy access to other casinos and activities, a clean room (clean sheets, floor, bathroom) and close walk to elevators.Other things I like in my room that are nice but not necessary: Wi-Fi, a nice view (strip, the pool, etc), flat screen tv.Hooters Hotel and Casino isn't exactly close to any other casinos other than MGM (across the street but still a 10 min walk) and Tropicana (next door)The room, although not fancy was clean and comfortable, small tv (no problem, I'm not in Vegas to watch TV), wired internet (no wi-fi in the rooms or casino) didn't even work (not too big of a problem, but when you have to pay for a B.S. "Resort Fee" that includes internet, that all the hotel/casinos are charging these days (except Caesars (Harrah's) brand of hotels in Vegas), I'm not too happy. My friend did, at the end of the stay, talked to the front desk about getting the Resort Fee taken off because our internet didn't work in the room and was successful in doing so. The casino downstairs is very small, The dealers (dressed like the Hooter girls you see in the restaurants) are fun and make it a fun place to play on a small budget. They do have a $3 Blackjack table, which as the one and only $3 table can be hard to get to sit down on especially on a weekend.As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I won't be staying here again anytime soon, but if it was my only option, it's not too bad.
2	Hooters hotel and casino is a serviceable place very near the LV strip.  Located behind the Tropicana and across from the driveway for the MGM Grand means that you can access those properties pretty quickly.  However, I think one can do better for an off-strip room.  The casino is clean and well staffed and the band was very good.  Check-in was problematic on a Friday evening because of the noise level.  Overall try Imperial Palace for a better experience.  That's right, IP (or the Quad as it is now called) is a better experience. 'Nuf said.
2	Can't say much for the food as I only had a beer. As for the beer, they list having 'many, many more' types of beer on draft after listing Bud, Bud Light, Miller, one hefe, and one other lager. Really do I have to go the bar and look? And the waitress doesn't know? And then my 16oz is served in a plastic cup. And this Hooter's must have the highest concentration of pregnant servers. I saw two of 'em.Didn't help I saw the Giants get creamed. At least the Niners won though.
4	Casino Rating only - Decent blackjack rules here.  I did not see any 6/5.The sign out fron says 'loose video poker', but 8/5 JOB isnt what I'd refer to as 'loose' - just barely tolerable.The dealers were competent Hooters gals, dressed in sexy outfits without being trashy (or so I thought).  And a gaggle of girls met patrons at the door on this saturday night, much to the delight of the young men coming in.A competent live band was playing 80s hits in the casino, but management has them 'mushed down' to the point where it just didnt sound too good (mushed down - guitars/vocals turned way down, drummer behind plexiglass noise barrier).Ya, I'd gamble here.
1	This place was like a Motel 6 that served wings.I orgazined a bachelorette party in Las Vegas for a weekend with 11 girls.  The weekend was great minus this hotel.  The service was terrible, slow, and everytime seemed to get worse and worse.  The staff were rude and unhelpful. Our rooms were screwed up.  The hallways smelled like vomit.  It tooke us over an hour to try and get a bell hop (there were 11 of us) and finally, we just gave up and made three trips down stairs. I contacted management to complain, via e-mail, when I returned home and heard nothing back.  Unacceptable.I wouldn't stay here again if I was paid to.  When I think about it, take away the wings, and you are better off at a Motel 6.
3	Am I writing a review for Hooters the Hotel/Casino, or Hooters the Restaurant? I'm so confused. I came here to eat... cuz you know me and women... we're like.. well, Will & Grace. :P For being a Hooters Hotel & Casino, you would THINK that the Hooters restaurant would be... humongo. Nope. Wrong! It's ... actually smaller than your average Hooters establishment in your local vicinity. I think the one in Anaheim, CA is the biggest one I've been to. Food is standard with any other Hooters, and so is the service.
2	If you know you're not going to stay in your room majority of the time while in Vegas, then this is the spot. One only had to stay one night and it was only 20.00 and upside is that its on the strip. We checked it at 11pm and was starving. Thank goodness they have a 24hr restaurant that serves Prime Rib at 9.99. In all, Hooters is NOT a 5 star hotel so don't expect it to be.
3	We had a bachelorette party here of 8 girls. The hotel staff was really great and accommodating. Rooms were fine. Lots of mirrors everywhere for all of us putting our ho outfits on and vegas makeup at the same time.We got a cabana one day at the pool which was amazing! Highly recommended. Pool was fun with a live dj. It was a weird mix of a crowd- babies, children and the regular Bach/bachelorette groups. Taxis easy to get and when we called housekeeping and the bellhop they were a,ways helpful.
4	There wasn't one issue with this place! The room was very clean and didn't feel dated, it's not that far from the strip, we got free late check out easily, and the pool scene is not as crowded as the other big hotels. I would definitely recommend this place
3	I booked here with a bit of apprehension but we were going to a concert across the street at the MGM and the price was half of the MGM  We had a great time here. Service was excellent, pool was very nice and the room was great. It was not as nice or as clean as the MGM but well worth the money,  There is, of course, a Hooters restaurant but the Mad Onion restaurant was excellent food and service.  Would stay again in a heartbeat
2	***Update***I was contacted by someone from Hooter's Hotel and Casino with an apology and assurance that this was not their regular code of conduct.  I was offered a partial refund, which was pretty generous in my opinion.  However, after providing my travel information, I have not heard back since nor received said refund.  I appreciate the apology at least, hence the extra star.
1	Hooters Casino Hotel Las Vegas refused to honor my Living Social deal by stating that the day I requested to check in was a "blackout date". However, the day was NOT listed amongst the blackout dates listed on my Living Social printout! Hooters then stated that there are additional blackout dates that were not provided to Living Social! I then asked to use the Paid Value of my deal for a regular priced room and Hooters refused to accept my Living Social deal in any form. I am completely unsatisfied with this hotel and I encourage everyone to beware of this scam of a hotel.
1	Worst food I've had this year! Even for a bar / restaurant I would expect more. Greasy tasteless stale food.
3	So, I stopped in to the casino for a low cost Blackjack game and a little lunch.  The Casino was a little dead so I headed over to get some lunch.  I was there about 2 pm in the afternoon.  What can I say, with a place like this the main attraction is the great looking waitstaff and second attraction is the food.  My server was great but she had to cover far too many tables.  I ordered fish tacos.  I had this at another Hooters restaurant and it was outstanding.  This was poorly cooked, and improperly seasoned.  It was a very mushy taco.  Sorry even a great waitress can't bring me back to a place that serves poorly cooked food.  Disappointed in my food, I left the casino entirely.  So my server was a 4 otherwise I would have given them a 1 or 2.
1	Oh man where do I start- rooms are cheap- and that's probably the best benifit about this place. Service is far beyond the customer service you are supposed to get when paying. We ate at the Hooters resturant and it seems as though the only person who wanted to be friendly was the Hostess, she sat us took our order and also checked on us- other than that we saw a lot of standing around and talking between the other girls. I am a retail manager so I know when I see an over spend in labor that is not needed. Lets see out last night there we decided to have a snack before dinner so went to the bar and grill there called Pete and Shortys we ordered some hot wings for about 12 bucks, the bar tender asked us if we wanted ranch or blur cheese - when we recieved the check we were charged 1.29 for a little side order of ranch. All in all this place isn't even worth the savings in money due to the lack of actual caring for customer service. And I haven't even began the story on having to switch rooms-
2	For the price I'd say what can one expect. Most cities don't have hotels for as cheap as this one so with that said it's pretty good for that.I was there for work at night so I didn't do much gambling or walking around. I did end up eating at hooters nearly everyday for not being sure where else to eat and not wanting to be late for work... plus it's not bad so why not :)Some of the girls weren't very nice... others were super nice and very efficient in their jobs and had actual boobs. Perhaps boobs make one nicer to others? Perhaps some felt they didn't have to be nice because I'm a girl and I'm not drinking so it doesn't matter?Room service was fine with cleaning the room until one day a lady came in while I was eating and didn't clean anything else for the rest of my my stay there. I put the please clean sign on the outside of the door before leaving to work at night and when I returned in the morning the sign was gone.I do understand why ppl might pay a little more though if I do come again with other ppl I'll probably hardly be in my room anyway. Though honestly I probably would've been better off staying at circus circus with all the kids since all I wanted to do in my spare time was visit the arcades any way lol
4	Hooters probably doesn't deserve 4 stars, but I'm giving them. Maybe I feel sorry for it for all of the low star ratings it receives, but I think I can find enough good points to warrant them.Right, so how much time do you spend in your room when you're in Vegas? If you're like us, next to none. As long as a there's a clean bed, hot shower and enough room to spread your clothes all over the floor as you struggle to find that one t-shirt left in your suitcase that doesn't require ironing you should be fine. Hooters has all of that. Sure, it looks dated and you probably won't have much of a view (that car park we overlooked sure was pretty!) but we paid $25 a night for our stay so you won't hear a word of complaint about the room from me. You can barely get a decent lunch for two people for that price!Hooters is off the strip, but only barely. It's a five minute walk or so, and it's also directly opposite the monorail station at MGM so it's pretty easy to get around from here. It's usually pretty quiet inside, meaning it's pretty easy to get a drink if you're gambling. There was never a line for a taxi and always a taxi outside waiting, while across the road at MGM there seemed to be dozens of people waiting for one. There are plenty of bars inside and places to grab a quick bite and it's small enough to not be ready for a nap after walking from one side of the casino to the other like everywhere else.For $25 a night, I'll definitely stay at Hooters again.
4	Good casino, friendly staff and nice food. Don't know about the hotel.
4	Wow...they've done a nice job of updating and redoing the menu. I really like this Hooter's location. The staff is very friendly. Destinee was amazing. Somehow she was working the Hostess desk and cleaning tables and being friendly all at the same time. Our waitress was super friendly also. It was the best service I've ever had @ a Hooter's. The food is your typical Hooter's food. Grading it against other similar type places, it's better than many of them and plenty satisfying. This is an easy place to get to right off the Strip if you're looking for a diversion for what's on the Strip.
2	Can be great, can be crap.  I don't know how many people ever order wings without sauce but TWICE this place has delivered my wings sauceless.  We were staying at the hooters hotel and the restaurant screws up wings.  That is supposed to be their thing!  Boy was that disappointing, then when I ask for sauce they gave me attitude as if I wanted to just get free sauce.  You already don't expect much from a hooters restaurant but to get less than expected is pretty shameful.
4	Despite the 2.5 stars given on Yelp, we decided $42/night was a delightfully tacky, yet unrefined situation we were willing to dive head first into. Vegas served as the launch pad for our 5 day Southwest "tour," so when booking our Vegas hotel the day-of we weren't exactly worried about splurging for a Bellagio experience.  When we scrolled across Hooters shocking $42 ticket price, giggled for a moment and then said "what the hell."  We were feeling so fancy, we splurged for the tower room for an extra five bucks.The saying "wine on a beer budget" comes to mind when I decided upon my star rating for this hotel.  For $42, my top concern was two things: decent location and clean rooms. And ya know what? Hooters did a pretty darn good job in both categories. The hotel is located right at the end of the strip across from MGM, New York New York and Excalibur. The room isn't anything fancy - ha, in fact it has a few (definitely tacky) touches of Hooters with orange lampshades, knotty pine wood trim and Hooters artwork (not tatas; however, this would be more entertaining, but a sketch of a Hooters restaurant). The location is very easy to find off highway 15/Tropicana Avenue. Parking is free and plentiful.  There are times when I look for a hotel that is bubbling over with character and others when the hotel is serving one purpose: safe/clean place to rest my head. Vegas may not be my cup of tea, but Hooters will most likely serve as my launch pad the next time I'm here. Hard to beat $42 for the tackiest hotel in town.
5	Way above expectations.  What do you expect when you get a hotel room for $25?  I didn't expect friendly service, a very comfortable room and a great time.  The hooters restaurant is just what you would expect.  The $10 prime rib at the Mad Onion was wonderful and I loved the all night pools!Definitely a great home base to stay, grab lunch or late food and play while in Vegas.And it is close to most major hotels!
3	We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon. The hotel is located off the strip but in a walking distance from the strip. We were given a room on Bay Side, facing the pool on the 8th floor. The pool/jacuzzi is open 24 hours which is VERY convenient, so bring your bathing suit!! The bathroom could use some TLC and so can the carpeting in the room. Everyone that worked in the casino were very nice, we were constantly greeted. If you get the midnight munchies, "Mad Onion" is the place to go. Don't miss Hooters!! Make sure you stop by, they open at 11 AM, not sure what time they close.
4	My girlfriends and I were on the hunt for a good deal in Vegas, and stumbled upon Hooters Hotel & Casino. We couldn't believe how cheap the rooms were - as long as $25 on weeknights and maybe $60 on weekends. SO much less than what you'd find on the strip. I booked 2 rooms without any problems and couldn't get over how cheap 2 rooms for 3 nights was!With that being said, we were fully prepared for a cheap hotel experience and weren't expecting anything like Caesars or The Venetian. We were pleasantly surprised at how "nice" the place was. If you need a comparison, think of a Days Inn or Comfort Inn. The main lobby has all the gambling and blackjack tables as low as $3. There are several restaurants and apparently the pool rocks, but unfortunatley it was cold so that feature wasn't open. The rooms weren't nearly as bad as some reviewers had written. Seriously, if you want a 4+ start experience, go to a 4 star hotel!The hotel is located just a block off the strip behind MGM. We ended up having to take a cab anytime we were too lazy (heels) or cold to walk the strip, but overall we still saved tons of money. It would have been nice to stay on the strip but hey, you get what you pay for.The staff is pretty nice but I will tell you, bar service at Mad Onion was super slow!Would I stay here again? Yes, if I want to have fun on a budget.
4	Always a line out the door!  Takes forever to get in.  Just too many people.  Leave your least favorite friend in line, and go shoot craps.  Cheap beer on the casino floor!Tons of fun and great waitresses once you get in!We usually get a tray of 50 wings and hit on the waitress.Good times!
3	Room service is decent, we stayed for $29.99 for a Friday night on Labor day weekend. Its old time hotel pricing like it was before. Rooms are basic, a little dated but still decent. Casino slots don't pay much. They do have a resort fee. Pool is cool, restaurant is also good. Not too far from the strip and airport. Overall great place for the price.
3	The food is not bad. Few hot chicks. Pretty lucky place for me :P (I won money in BlackJack)
3	I stayed at Hooters Casino & Hotel for NYE 2013 with a small group of friends and we shared a room with two double beds. We paid about $350 for three nights starting with New Years Eve and this was a great deal considering I wanted to be near The Strip but refused to pay top-dollar prices. Conveniently, Hooters is located across the street from MGM which is in fact on The Strip - so there you go! If it had not been so damned cold we would have walked everywhere - but considering most mornings/nights dropped to around 30F we ended up driving more than expected. I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel room and casino quality (considering the price point) and would gladly return here again for a cheap room in the off-season. I've read in other reviews that their rooms are usually $30 a night and that is a great deal.  Our room was on the 7th floor and had 2 double beds, a great view of their pool, free wi-fi and some cable TV channels (for the record - watching Law & Order SVU when drunk in Las Vegas is extra disturbing). Room service is available if so inclined. The CONS in terms of the hotel room: Bathtub had an issue with draining properly and you'd end up standing in the soapy water after a few mins. The beds were a bit springy. No mini-fridge.The casino was a step above anything you'd see on Freemont - not fancy but not run down either. The bar served $4 draft beer which was quite nice. They also have those famous hot wings and a cheap prime rib dinner. I didnt eat here but my partners in crime enjoyed a breakfast of steak & eggs and a brk burrito with good reviews. Overall, three star quality hotel but five star value.
2	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE HOOTERS RESTAURANT IN THE CASINO.  I'm from LA, but frequent Vegas often.  Me and my boys decided to hit up Hooter's to watch the games on a Sunday before heading back home and I was very disappointed.  They don't have nice tvs, the service is mediocre at best and you get 1 ranch per person haha.  But seriously we ordered 80 wings for 7 of us and we each got one dipping container.  Next time I'll probably try ti hit up a wing place off the strip and hopefully I'm not let down.
3	Gurl, this place is pretty good.  Service was a little slow, but nothing to complain about.  Our server was really sweet.
5	This place is amazing value,  if you book online you can get it as low as $15 and night,  we wound up paying $30,  but compared to the $500 alternatives,  there is nothing to grumble about. The rooms are spacious and colorful,  it's a short walk to the elevators,   you can walk to the strip from the hotel and the pool is open 24 hours!   Hell you even get a free chicken wings and beer for 15 cents if you take them up of the special offers!I've stayed here 3 times now - just for a weekend,  and if you are doing it on  your own dime,  I don't see any point in going anywhere else.     Sure the Palazzo and The Hotel are great,   but are they really worth spending that extra $200-$300 on,  when that money could be going to towards the Aria buffet!Need I say more!
2	Was not pleased at all with this Hooters' location. I ordered wings and fries and my husband had the chili and fries.  Neither of us were satisfied with our food. The service was just mediocre also.  Seems that the girls there are too busy and are overwhelmed.We will not be visiting Hooters' again anytime soon (at least not this location).
3	you get what you pay for. BF and I came here for a 3 night stay in the middle of the week, and i think each night was 20 bucks? plus resort fees.it's not too far from the strip, plus we drove there so we could easily get to the strip. Free valet, if you must. we just parked on our own and avoiding tipping every time we went to and from the car. The rooms are average, they're clean. EXCEPT on the 2 morning when they were doing construction right across the hall and next to our room at 7am. are you serious?!!?!!?!? I was furiousI went to complain at the front desk and all they would do is waive 2 nights of resort fees. SERIOUSLY? why did you put us on a floor with construction?! and it went on for hours. the guy next door to us was pissed too.Definitely minus 1 star. esp because they were so nonchalant about it too. unapologetic. basically, they didnt give a rat's booty. Overall, im ok with this hotel. its just that incident that makes me protest a little about returning.... but for the price.. sigh. i guess ill suck it up..... =.=ZzZzZzZ
2	OK so this is not the place to stay for sure.. We had a ton of issues .. The 1st room no heat  , then it was dirty, then the next room was old and smelly.. I will say the staff was ok . They are better places to stay for sure.
3	So had to stop in and see if the LV Hooters girls were better than the Cali girls..all i gotta say is this place has some decent eye candy but not to caliber of the home town girls!Games: table games are in a small area, i played roulette and black jack with $20 bucks to walk away after 1hr or so with $120. The place is nice, clean and everyone is cool that works there. I will be back in the future.
1	COCKROACHES!!!!!!!!! GROSS!!!! This hotel sucks, the staff is very rude and unhelpful. The casino is pretty empty even on weekends, which isn't always a bad thing BUT the machines never hit! The rooms are TERRIBLE! We stayed for 4 night and were in 3 different rooms. First room was not what i booked, second room had no hot water and cockroaches, third room was small and the bathtub leaked. The Hooters Restaurant was terrible as well, service was slow and rude. The bar is terrible! all the bartenders are slow and do not pay attention to anyone unless they are yelling at them for a drink. Everything about this hotel/casino really does suck. I will NEVER go back there!
4	This review is for the casino.  We were staying at the mgm and decided to head over to Hooters for cheap alcohol and beer.The casino is very small but we liked it.  We like being able to wander around but meet back up without a search party.The gal working at the roulette table was super nice and understanding of new players making mistakes.The servers were pretty danged slow with the drinks when I was at the roulette table but fast when I was on the slots. go figure.I won 40 on slots which is more than I ever win anywhere so I was happy.We went back twice in the three days we were there and really thought it was a cool place. We might even stay there next time we go to vegas - not looking for anything fancy - just something fun and with frequent and good drinks :)
2	As mentioned before, the girls who work here are overwhelmed.slow service, drinks kinda crappy.food was ok and tables are run down and shoddy.
2	::::: [ THE CASINO ] :::::After more than 12 trips to Vegas in 3 years, I still had never stepped inside of Hooters. I can't remember how it happened. All I know is there were three of us left at the latter end of a corporate retreat that kept us in Vegas 2 days longer than we initially planned. We were feeling all kinds of adventurous (I mean, intoxicated), and some random person told us the roulette machines at the Hooters had better payouts.So we went.The short version: NO.Outdated (vintage?) roulette table with similar payouts to the rest of Las Vegas (even on a weekday), except without the screen that displays where the ball's been landing so unless you 1.) have got excellent memory that doesn't get easily impaired or 2.) don't rely on probability or statistical propensity at all.. it's no fun.Also, the standard machines are super old and aren't touch-screen. Most of those machines should be in a museum.They don't even try to get you inebriated enough to think you might be enjoying yourself.And if you're there for the hooters.. there isn't much of that, either.No fun.
1	hooters hooters hooters, very DISAPPOINTING.when you think hooters you think hot chics and nice bodies.  Usually hooter chics are outgoing and they sit and talk and flirt.  I went with my boyfriend and cousin, hello i was waiting on the waistress to be flirting with my boyfriend it never happen. It took about 15 minutes to get seated and they werent very busy.  after getting seatting they took our order, i ordered the phillycheesesteak and it tasted like puke, my boyfriend ordered wings and fries the fries were a lil overdone.  So after being disappointed about my boyfriend not being flirted with and not seeing nice boobies haha, there was a guy waiter that packed up his food and was extrememly nice.  he was the best part of the hooters expierence. will not be going back.
3	Resturant only review.  Food and service was good, about average.  We ate at the bar.  One issue, the beer was not ice cold but otherwise it was a good experience.
3	We stayed 4 nights at the Hooters Casino Hotel and overall was a pretty decent experience.  We were attending the Pac 12 basketball tournament (Go Cats!) at the MGM Grand and so therefore the location was perfect.  The price was pretty impressive too considering it was spring break and St Pattys Day weekend.  The rooms were spacious and clean, nothing spectacular, but that was expected coming into it.  For the most part things were quiet and had no problems relaxing in the room.A couple negatives were that these bright lights shined on the hotel right outside our window at night.  The lights were the ones that shine on the hotel itself.   We actually had a pretty impressive view of the strip but was somewhat ruined by the blinding lights that flooded our room.  Luckily, great window shades were provided.  The other negative was the TV was rather outdated.  Having a flat screen put in would have been nice.For the location and price range, the Hooters Casino Hotel is definitely a good idea if you're coming to Vegas on a limited budget.
3	Hotel is very substandard for being a hooters brand hotel along with being n vegas.... A/C didnt work correct, toliet kept running water thru it, tub drain was clogged, sink was clogged and was leaking ruined my makeup an personal products i put on the sink counter top, hot water only worked for 10-15min then took 1-2 hrs to reheat!! Over all bad service and also not maintained!!!
2	Went here to meet up with a friend, and decided to hang out at the bar there. While the Hooters girls there looked good, the service overall was very slow, and clearly the girls were overwhelmed. As for the casino itself, it looked very old and "runned-down".
3	Delightfully tacky, yet unrefined. Indeed.I actually liked the small casino area and sports book.Even though it is technically "off" the strip I felt it was just about as convient to the strip as I could've needed. It would've been nice to have something further north, but it's closer than you realize. The opposite of Aria, which is further than you realize (technically "on" the strip but a half mile walk to get there).The pool area was mellow, and I liked the set up out there as well.I didn't have a problem with the strange urinal puck smell in the hallway. Or the old stained carpet and worn tiles in the bathroom. Or the minimal decor and the old tube TV. Or even the cheap material beddings. I expected all of that.It's not that the place was that bad. I had low expectations and the price was right.What bothered me is you couldn't help but feel as though they'd given up. That feeling of if they'd spent the time keeping up with shampooing the carpet, and fixing the worn out tiles in the bathroom, and fixing the broken wobbly lamp on the nightstand... it would have made it a far better experience.
1	No wifi, really??  The internet in the room was not even working
3	Hooters is a place for tourists on a budget. Needless to say, you get what you pay for.The rooms are completely average. Think Holiday Inn. Nothing too special, except the overpriced room service. They showed palm trees in the room they had photographed on their website, but my room didn't have any.They do have multiple restaurants here, as well as a show nobody I talked to seemed to care about. The Mad Onion has some good prices -- $9.99 for a prime rib dinner. Then there are multiple bars here serving cheap drinks. The theme here is $3 everything: blackjack; beer; and margaritas.The pool area is easily the best part of this hotel. It's so relaxed and calm, even if the occasional airplane or helicopter flies overhead. If you're done gambling and drinking, this is a good place to chill and catch some rays.The casino is small and "delightfully tacky". You have Hooters girls as the dealers. Some are attractive, others not so much. Some are actually helpful and actually want you to win, while others just don't care. You'll learn soon enough which dealers are there to help you, though.The slots are advertised as "loose", but don't expect to win much of anything. There's also a small William Hill sports book here. I won a $50 bet taking the Miami Heat to cover the spread (which they barely did), so that's always a good thing.The location is top-notch. While this is a middle-of-the-road casino and hotel, its location down the street from the heart of the Strip makes it a great place to stay if you want to save money.
1	Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
1	Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
3	They have decent rooms here...not good, not bad.  My friend was staying in one of the largest rooms they offer, and it had plenty of space for us to hang out for a while.  There was a mini fridge and small bar area which was nice for drinks, but Hooters definitely feels dated compared to all the other more expensive options in town.I also ate at the late night cafe restaurant they have here, and it is still one of my only 1 star reviews I've ever written lol.I would recommend this place if you are looking for a cheap place to crash, but if you are looking for convenience, scenery, posh decor, or anything besides somewhere to sleep, you may leave disappointed.
3	Lower end on the hotel/casino side. OK as a Hooters restaurant (as compared to the best stores). Look for a dealer named Nikki. She is gorgeous and really fun to hang out with while you gamble
4	We like this place. Dealers are friendly, cocktail service is good, low limits and some 9/6 video poker machines hidden on the slot floor. Good times!
3	As far as hotels go, this really wasn't such a bad deal. I shared a two-bed room with 3 other friends and spent only $25 per night. If you count the outdoor pool, decent sized gym, and a couple of $5 blackjack tables, this was a good and cheap find for our Vegas trip. The food however, was overpriced, subpar and well....hooters food, but that was expected.Rooms: 3 starsService: N/aCasino: 3 starsFood: 2 starsPrice: 3 stars
1	Hooters should stick to making wings and even that comes into question. They screwed up my food order both nights I was there. The rooms are old and dingy and feels like your sleeping in the restaurant, and the hallways remind me of old, questionable Bates hotel fronts. Honestly, you would be better off staying at the Motel 6 next door. The front desk ladies are rude like they hate working there too but have no choice.  The kicker was they cancelled my room after the 1st night even though I was scheduled for three days ---and already had someone booked before I realized my key card didn't work and had to go back to front desk to remind them I'm still in the room. Save your time and money and please extinguish all options before choosing to stay here.
4	Don't know why people are complaining about this hotel.  You pretty much get what you pay for.  If you want a 5 star hotel then pay for one.  Nice small casino, rooms are ok, I liked the wings at the hooters restaurant.  The DJ at the pool is awesome and has a nice setting.  I forgot the amount that I payed but I wasn't expecting anything fancy like the MGM across the street.  Overall had a good time here and would stay here again :)
2	Came here only because my friends were already booked here. Staff was alright & some of the OLDER card dealers need to  smile..jeez. If you don't like your job go somewhere else! We had to ask our room to be clean, if we didn't come back in the afternoon they would of just left it as is. You do get what you pay for..BUT would you want your customers to come back..
3	Stayed here with a large group. Everything was fine, although a renovation would definitely help. Room rates were quite cheap for the weekend and the room had no problems. The location is great if you're looking to explore the rest of the strip. The group I was with had a great time at their pool which was a good size, but not insanely busy like many of the "ultimate pools" on the strip.
2	I didn't stay here but I did go to the Hooters Restaurant inside and wander the casino floor. The restaurant was strange. They had two entrances, one for the "lounge" type side and the other for the regular restaurant. There was a long ass line for the regular side and none for the "lounge". You get the same food and everything and the shit looked the same so I just walked in and sat at the "lounge" bar. Anyway, I'm a fan of Hooters and it upsets me that there isn't one in Yuma where I'm residing at the moment so I try to hit one when I'm away and partake in their wings which I enjoy. OH BOY...they served me 10 of the smallest, meatless, overcooked wings I've ever seen. It was so embarrassing that I didn't even feel like complaining (I don't like to have food to be redone, fuck that)..Shit, I was drinking for $1 a beer since I was gambling on their little electronic commputer thingy. Lost $3 playing blackjack. Left those shitty wings and wandered the casino for a bit. Wanted to partake in one of their heavily advertised $3 blackjack tables but was unable due to them only having one which had a line of other cheap bastards waiting to get on. The one thing that made this place a 2 instead of 1 was that I was able to park in there outside lot for free and walk across the street to the MGM where UFC 160 was being held. That's basically the only reason I was there, was able to make a quick getaway when the fight was over. Fuck Vegas traffic. So, in short, utilize the parking, fuck the food and casino.
1	Flew in for work... first night I had to switch room 3 times.  No AC, then no TV, then No Internet.  Next day, AC broke again, then Internet.  Ordered room service... wings were horrible and back home, I love hooters wings but these were tiny, oily and cold.  That night, my bed frame broke.  Now I'm in my 4th Room and the AC is super loud and noisy.  The TV goes in and out and there is no WiFi... only a hard line with a broken connector.  Seriously... ?!   $30 is cheap but I'd have rather spent a little more $ and gotten a much nicer place.  The one good thing... The Staff were very nice and did the best they could.  The food is almost inedible so I can't vouch for the restaurant staff but everyone else did the best they could to help.  No hotel should have this many problems.  I feel sorry for them.  But... It's not worth it.  Go somewhere else.  Trust me.
3	Not bad but not great.Booked this hotel through www.lasvegas.com three days before travel for Memorial Day weekend 2013 and got an amazing rate. I guess the reason the rate was so good is this hotel and its tiny casino is in pretty severe need of a refresh and deep cleaning. The whole place just seemed dingy.That said, the room was a pretty standard Vegas hotel room. Ours had two full-sized beds (they called them queen but no) and a 25" old-school TV (tube). There was no mini fridge. Nice coffee machine, though, that uses the coffee pods for making individual cups of coffee. Shower had decent water pressure which was nice but they only supplied us with a total of two towels so if we had had kids with us we would have needed more. The sample-sized shampoo and conditioner bottles are tinier than any I have ever seen so I suggest you bring your own from home.The beds were more comfortable than I expected.There are a couple restaurants in the hotel, one of which I will review separately. The pool area is not especially large and there are not nearly enough lounge chairs. There were a LOT of families staying there with children running all over the pool area. We were somewhat irritated by the security guards telling us that we could not drink our drinks that we had acquired while elsewhere on the strip while laying by the pool. These drinks were in plastic containers. We were told that we MUST purchase our drinks from the pool-side bar. This was rather annoying given that one of the hallmark experiences of Vegas is that you can walk about with alcohol in your hand. That really soured our experience overall with this hotel.The casino's poker room has ONE table. I didn't play any poker this weekend but would probably not play there unless the antes are low. There are a few gaming tables and quite a few slots including many of the latest ones. The hotel is walking distance to the strip which was a key reason for selecting it. All in all this was not a bad place to stay but was certainly not the best. Given that they are NOT right on the strip I would think they would try harder to have a better experience for their guests. I sorta felt like we were unimportant to them.
1	We were staying at the MGM (first mistake) and saw the Hooters sign out our room window. We said to ourselves "why not wander over there" (second mistake).  The casino itself was OK; machines were alright, the building itself looks like it has been around a while, and cocktail waitresses were non existent even on Memorial Day weekend. I won't be back for the casino. The really bad part of this place is the restaurant. I had very low expectations and the restaurant failed to meet even them. I'm not sure why we decided to eat here, with so many better options. I think it was proximity. Or being too tired to walk farther. Either way eating there was our third mistake. First we were seated on rickety stools. And then we were completely ignored by our waitress. It wasn't even busy. It took thirty plus minutes to get a drink.  At least 45 additional minutes to get our food, after a long wait just to place our order. And then when the food did arrive, it was cold. Not just "not warm" but cold. The wings that were supposed to be "medium" lacked any visible sauce and had zero flavor. The salad had wilted lettuce, and even a few bits of mold. It was inedible. We sent it back and the waitress barely blinked - it's obviously a common occurrence. Long story short:  never again.
5	I love it here! I don't understand all of complaints! I love the prices and the food. I enjoyed my stay here! I'll be back!
1	REVIEWING THE RESTAURANT ONLYWe had company here from out of town and he really wanted to eat at Hooter's, so we indulged him.  I had never been to this location and I won't be back.First off, the hostess kept us waiting for about 10 minutes while they "cleaned off a table" (mind you, there were only 4 of us).  As we were being seated, there were plenty of empty tables so I'm not sure what that was all about.  We interacted with three different hostess/waitresses and all were very rude.  The food was terrible.  One guest in our party had the steamed shrimp for $11.49. There were maybe 12 smallish shrimp on her plate (no side dishes for this price by the way) and shelling the shrimp seemed to be a lot more trouble than it was worth.  One guest had the fish and chips - he said it had no real taste at all.  I tried the chili (which I have loved at other locations) and here it was very bland and the texture was more like a can of cat food.All this was after a 32 minute wait for our food.  I know that because by the time we finally got seated I started worrying about the flight our guests had to catch so I was watching the clock.  Not once during this time did a waitress come to refill drinks or let us know our food was on its way.  In fact, we didn't see her at all until she brought the food out.I tried voicing my concerns about the food and the wait but the waitress looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language and dropped off our check and walked away.  I usually give people and restaurants the benefit of the doubt but I really think unless you happen to be staying at this hotel and don't want to bother going somewhere else, steer clear.
2	The good things about this hotel are the fact that they are fairly cheap, they have a pool with music and they hold Hooters beauty contests. Even with all that, you have to admit that this hotel is getting pretty dated.Our group got a pool level bungalow.  An otherwise nice view of the pool which is partially obscured by the bars that are part of the security gate.  The inside of the rooms are pretty antiquated and in some cases run down. Our room had a CRT(old, Non-flatscreen for those technologically impaired) Television, rust/corrosion stains and chips in the sink and bathtubs, some of the hardware (faucets) loose and a couple crickets and roaches inside.  Luckily the air conditioning worked because it was a good 110+ degrees our entire stay. Also on the patio and even in some areas of the pool (waterfall area) there is a weird sewage stench noticeable in the air.  Not sure what that's all about. I didn't eat at the restaurant but a few of my friends did and while they enjoyed the wings, some of them didn't enjoy the other food options offered.  The little gift/snack shop also offers donuts, coffee and sandwiches.  The sandwiches for $6 could be a lot better though, very plain and basic and honestly not a great value. I found myself walking over to the local gas station to buy one of their sandwiches just to save myself about $3 for about the same quality (maybe slightly smaller). A bottle of water was also still $3 so the gas station was also the alternative for that.I didn't spend much time in the casino but it definitely felt "old".  They did have a sports style bar which was usually pretty empty but did have plenty of televisions.The pool was actually the best part of this hotel and was probably the only thing other than the AC, that made this place acceptable. There are two main pools, one with a waterfall which runs a little cooler, another which runs a little warmer(and is more popular as a result) and some small Jacuzzi style pools. It's open 24 hours which is perfect for hot summer nights.  They have a DJ playing music, security and hostesses walking around and a bar right by. Plus if you have a bungalow you can go through the security gate (with key card unless it is left open) and get directly to the pool. They also held a beauty/swimsuit contest with the hooters girls by the restaurant area next to the pool which was great. All of this would have brought the review up to 3 stars except for on the last night (Saturday) after coming back from a long walk up and down the strip, we came back to find that the warmer pool had been closes and taped off.  Not sure why but I fear that some drunken frat kids maybe contaminated the pool "somehow" or perhaps it was something far more sinister.  Bummer.  The pool was considerably less busy as a result but nobody felt like going in the cooler pool that late.The staff I encountered was actually pretty nice so that's one thing I can't really complain about. So kudos there.The fact of the matter is that this is a cheaper hotel, so expect that.  If you don't spend a lot of time in a room in Vegas and you don't mind the location of this towards the end of the strip then I suppose it is for you.  It is nice that they have a pool which is [usually] open 24 hours.  The rooms are pretty run down, their televisions are antiquated and ours constantly lost signal and you might find a couple bugs here and there.  So if you are looking for "nice" rooms just pass.  Otherwise, on a budget, this place might suffice. I could see myself maybe staying here again if I was on a tight budget or something was extremely last minute.
2	HORRIBLE FOOD. My chicken sandwich tasted like rubber, the curly fries weren't cooked enough, and the wings were mediocre. Stop supporting horrible chains like this and they will all go away.
1	Pretty disappointed with the food. The group I went with had a few huge Hooters fans so we definitely had to stop in for some wings. Unfortunately they were a huge let down compared to every other Hooters we have been too.Cold wings that were more expensive than normal combined with a basically nonexistent waitress made it pretty unexciting
1	I've said before I rarely give out 1 star but this hotel surely deserved it. I booked a night here for obvious reasons (the ridiculously low price)Upon arriving I was greeted by an unfriendly valet attendant. Checking in was a long and unnecessary process. It seemed they were using a software program that was not very user friendly. I was under the idea that all the girls would be dressed in uniform.... That wasn't the case at all.They gave me a room with two beds because a king room wasn't available.Upon entering the room I was disgusted by the smell and overall cleanliness of the room. It looked dated and unkempt.The TV looked like it belonged in a thrift store, the picture was fuzzy and it had a horrendous selection of channels. The bathroom was disgusting. The tile looked very old and the shower was uncomfortable. The linens and towels felt hard and cheap.I can forgive a lot of things, but being one of the biggest chains in the restaurant business and taking pride in the esthetics of their restaurants I expected a lot more from the "remodel" from it's previous property the San Remo.Even though I read this article http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2012/dec/28/eight-changes-coming-hooters-casino-hotel/#axzz2YA4Oq4Fo I am still very apprehensive to return to this hotel. I have personally stayed at motel's that take more pride in their property. I hope the former Hard Rock Manager can truly make a difference because this place has so much potential. I will leave this review on a good note. I went to have dinner at the lounge and did have excellent service, the food was acceptable and I thoroughly enjoyed the live music.
1	This review is about the restaurant. I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  Once  we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away, we still had not even been acknowledged! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back even if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, last night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
1	I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  once we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, lady night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
2	This review isn't worth much time and effort. There are many off strip small hotel/casinos that are close to South LVB. This may likely be the worst as it's completely pretentious. Simply because at a glance the appearance seems nicer than some of the classic old school spots say Gold Coast, The O'rleans, or Downtown. Yet, it isn't. Aside from the reg overpriced drinks, the wings are only good if the fryer grease has been frequently changed. Doesn't happen often. Service is mostly young, inexperienced, (maybe not their fault) ladies who's training doesn't seem to go beyond a robotic "wait in line here for a table in the new lounge" to " your table is ready. The cocktail girls at the gaming tables are slower than average. In the lounge their more attentive. Some good live music to be had here  if you pick the right night. Course if you're the type that wants to drink cheap beer and look at young girls all night after the NASCAR race. (Which I'm not judging)This is your place.
3	Average..The Hotel is a dump I wish they had more standalone locations in Las Vegas Hopefully the will get a locations near Nellis AFB!!
3	Some of the reviews here crack me up!!Hooters is a very affordable, very decent hotel.  I'd go so far as to say, much, much nicer than its price point.The rooms are pretty darned spacious.  They're clean and neat.  Bed's comfy.  A/C works well.  Everything about the bathroom's fine---nice space, good shower in the tub/shower combo.  Housekeeping seems to take pride in doing their job well.I like the casino, mostly.  Pay attention to the pay tables if you play video poker.  Mostly good, but a few are horridy.Basically, two restaurants.  Mad Onion is good.  The other places all seem to get their food delivered to you from Hooter's.  Pros:  Good, solid hotel, that's quite affordable.  $4 beers (or free while playing video poker) is a big thumbs up.  Location is great to the Strip and airport.Cons:  Really only 2 restaurants, with Hooters serving food to all outlets (I think) except Mad Onion.  Between the 2 restaurants,  if you want something that does not involve fried food or steak, you'll have few options.  Salads, grilled chicken and pasta would be about it.
1	This is for the restaurant.  Was standing in line and was the only one there. Two girls where standing up front and told them two.  Stood there waiting as another 3 person table walked up. Then proceded to seat them. Stood there for a min while they just looked at me. No oh I'm sorry we'll be with you in a min. Finally they justed walked away to take pictures. This is when I walked away. You dont want my $$ I'll take it else where.  Bad customer service does not have return customers
5	This is a review for the casino only.I booked a room for obvious reason- it is dirty cheap and very close to the Strip.The service was nice, registering took me only 5 minutes and the lady in the register window was very helpful.The room was clean and had a rustic vibe to it, which was a nice change from old funky style of Escalibur, window had a view of the Strip and Luxor in the distance.The casino has a nice pool outside, it is actually divided into 4 parts- jacuzzi, small pool, pool with "room" temperature water and ice-cold water pool (the last one was awesome in 108F heat!).If you are not driving, there is an express bus going to the Airport 2 minutes away from the hotel entrance. Strip is about 10 minutes away (MGM grand). If you are looking for a cheap nice place to stay- I would recommend nothing else!
4	my daughters an i stayed for 2 nights n 3 days..we really enjoyed our stay and will stay here again. when we asked for extra whatever, it was brought immediately. the staff was real friendly. the valet parking(which i highly recommend) peeps were very prompt, upbeat and friendly. the room was clean, beds were comfy. i loved that they had a keurig coffe pot, i jus didn't care for the brand of coffee..but thats jus personal pref..i'll bring my brand next time. it's not mgm, however its not motel 6 either..its a nice middle. you're not gonna beat the price for what you get. its in a perfect!!! location..right at the begining of the strip, across from mgm, excal and ny ny...pool is nice..hooters resturant downstairs(can get some wings and take em to room while you take a breather lol). check out time is noon...which is so nice...believe me the extra hour compared to the others that check out at 11 makes a difference. yup..i can definitely recommend this hotel..
3	What you pay is what you get. We were only there for one night and it didn't matter much since all we needed was a comfortable bed to sleep in. Check in was pretty fast and efficient. The room was pretty big and the king size bed was very comfortable. Everything was clean but nothing special. Its not as flashy as a lot of other Vegas hotels are. I did enjoy the pool area. The bartender, Victoria made some awesome lemon drops. The only thing that I didn't like was the fact that there were way too many kids in the pool. I kept getting splashed on by kids jumping in when they are clearly not supposed to and the parents weren't saying anything even when they noticed me glaring at them. Don't get me wrong I have 2 kids so I know what its like to be a parent but I don't take my kids on vacation to Vegas, I will find a destination where they have more to do than just be at the pool. The music was pretty good and I really like the warm pool. It was perfect temperature. Well if I go to Vegas for just one night then I wouldn't mind staying here but for a longer period, I'd rather stay at MGM or Treasure Island or even flamingo.
2	At the hooters bar and disappointed im being served by a dude. The whole concept of hooters is that you are served by a beautiful girl. Moreover my boyfriend wasn't happy he kept calling me sweetie. I ordered a water and he ordered a beer.  He got the beer but the dude felt it more urgent to flair his practice flair bottle then get me my water.  The staff all seemed to get off work and come flirt with the dude at the bar.  It's a good thing too as he needed to ask the girls how to put in his order and where to find it on the computer. Food was good bartender needs to grow up.
4	What can I say that hasnt been said?? Well bottom line Hooters is an inexpensive lodging option in Vegas. I had a wedding to attend at the MGM Grand and was trying to find a deal. Hooters was right across the street and much cheaper. I got lucky and caught two free nights on my Hotels.com app so this was an easy decision. To start I paid about 150 for 4 nights. After reading online reviews i was skeptical and expected just bargain motel fare. But the room was suprisingly huge and comfortable. So the value was in the space. Sadly they don't have Wifi but wired internet. I was lucky enough to bring my laptop so it worked, but i was relegated to the desk. The casino was small but did have $1, $3 and $5 blackjack tables which is my fav game. The food was usual Hooters fare, fried stuff, and the other restaurant was ok. I went next door to cOco's for cheap breakfast and was always a hop skip and a jump from the MGM grand and the strip. The pool was small but quiet and the only one i knew in the area that was 24/7. Overall Hooters is a bargain and you're never too far from the action. I blew the extra money i saved at the tables of course  :(
2	A good value, especially for its location.  My main complaint is the casino.  They only had two or three blackjack tables going, and one of them was a dreaded 6:5 table.   I ended up doing all my gambling nextdoor at the Tropicana or MGM.With dealers making minimum wage, there's no reason why Hooters can't have at least 7 tables going all the time.Also, I found most of the female staff to be obnoxious and unfriendly.  I understand they get tired of having guys hit on them all day, but they can't let that attitude show.
5	This review is only for the Hooters restaurant inside...We were staying at the MGM across the street and we ended up eating here two days in a row!I love Hooters in general, and this store tops any other spot I've been to.The chicken wings come out piping hot, they're less spicy, and less greasy.I suggest the lemon pepper or hot wings dipped in ranch.They need to offer free celery and carrots which didn't come with the wings.
2	Stayed right across the street at MGM The Signature and decided to give this place a spin I mean why not it's Hooters a very well known name in the restaurant industry and  full of young women running around in tight shorts and nice racks ha but anyway this place is not my run of the mill casino it's kinda dirty, smokey, dingy feeling, I sat down played slots for over 45 min without finding one cocktail waitress which only made my annoyance level that much more.. on a good note I did win $50-60 on the Godzilla slot  and the place does send me offers in my email for free play and whatnot on a monthly basis. If I could give it 2 1/2 stars I would it's not the worst not the best but far from getting an A-OK if that's possible lol.
2	Restaurant Review: The Main Hostess up front was extremely rude, when asked if they had any lunch specials she scoffed, and replied "no". Like, ok I get it, your boobs do nothing for me and you don't need to be nice to me but come on! Try to at least get me in the door! If I didn't love their wings as much as I do, I would have given this place 1 star solely based on her attitude. I turned to the other hostess, asked HER to seat me, and had a semi-pleasant lunch after... But the encounter with the first hostess left a bitter aftertaste and I don't think I'll return.
4	Booked this place for the last night I was in Vegas, 35 bucks and it was pretty nice, and we didn't have high expectations for this place. The girl at the registration desk was really nice they had more channels on the TV than the stratosphere. I would probably stay here again, for the price and location not bad at all
3	PROS:- My girlfriends and I were staying at the MGM Hotel across the street on the Strip. We were so hungry and too tired to walk far for food, so we just crossed the street to this place looking for chicken wings. This is my first time at any Hooters. I expected to see waitresses skimpy dressed, but our waiter was a guy haha. The food was OK.CONS:- There are not many customers eating here. I guess nobody comes here for the food LOL
2	funny seems like they rave about the wings, but not the customer, we usually get a local deal for them($5 food credit in the mail).. So we get them now and then, but I must agree , these are dry and not so tasty wings, it is best to put sauce on the side and they do take at least 10-15 mins to take your order and then another 20-30 mins to get them to go... I think they just want you to spend $$ on the their tight slot machines, while you wait for your order???
3	Hooters hotel casino & Restraunt?!!.WELL I love the 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff( lilly is very kind) CLEAN rooms & GREAT PRICE PLUS LOCATION!! I've stayed there SEVERAL TIMES & only had 1 "NEGATIVE" experience.. On a recent stay I had a incident with the 24 hour cafe & our A/C went out  in AM & notified hotel IMMEDIATELY!! The front desk did PROMPTLY switch rooms's for us & when I had a dealing w/ cafe management they were alittle rude to me ... It made my vacation not a good one.. -TODAY  8-15-13 MR. Hinkley contacted me & assisted me to resolve issue & I appreciate the fact he is willing to make there curtomer's have a BETTER EXPERIENCE & it show's that willingness to attend to our need's . ***OVERALL: great place to stay, AMAZING price's, 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff, the valet attendant(female)w/ bright red hair is so kind & does a great job!! The food is ok ( in 24 Hr. cafe) & wish they would bring back the country fried steak w/ fried potatoes  they ARE amazing in the MAD ONION( prior to it's now "up-scale" atmosphere!!PS: I stand behind my reviews & only speak the truth... I give ALL business's a fair review according to there service. And HAVE NO personal vendetta with them...I appreciate there comments & the fact that are willing to resolve for me is all that's needed..  Thank you HOOTER'S ...
3	Take a downtown hotel. Move it to the South end of the strip. Fill with Hooters waitress rejects from six states. Offer $3 blackjack. Invite douchebags. Profit.
2	Review is for the restaurant only:Was staying next door at the Trop and decided to walk over to Hooters for lunch.  Was seated quickly and the waitress took my order quickly as well, so far so good.  The problem was they messed my burger up three different ways.  Follow this:  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, no tomato, with mayo, American cheese.  Seems simple right?  I got a bacon cheeseburger, with tomato, no mayo, cheddar cheese?  Wha?!?  Waitress disappeared so I took the tomato off and walked over and got mayo from the bartender.  Ate the burger, and when the waitress came with the check she asked me how the meal was, I told her how they messed up three different parts of one burger order.  Her response?  "Oh, you know how the kitchen can be".  WHAT?!??!?  NO I DON'T KNOW HOW THE KITCHEN CAN BE I DON'T WORK HERE!  Jesus nice customer service.  No effort to make things right, just a dismissive comment about how the kitchen can be.  I give this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 because the fries were good and the burger was at least cooked, but holy hell, learn some customer service (or just learn to make the orders right to begin with)
4	Wanted some wings so me and my wife walked the might trek to hooters.  Not much going on in the casino.  Really dead.  Might have been 20 people in there.  Went back to the restaurant and got seated immediately.  One might wonder if the girls at Vegas hooters are prettier than others....maybe slightly. The food was really good.  I got the spicy garlic.  It had just the right amount of kick.  Wife stuck to the medium and we split the lots of tots.
1	My husband and me stayed for a weekend in August of 2013. The room was standard, no flat screen tv. It was a nice stay until we checked out and got home. I realized I had left my iphone charger in the room. I called the hotel immediately and requested that they send it back to me (southern California). It has been almost 3 weeks now and I have not yet received my charger. When I called the first time, I had transfer after transfer on the phone. No body could tell me when I would get my charger back. I even spoke to the hotel manager once or twice and she promised me I would get it in the mail the follow friday. No charger. So warning to everyone do not leave items behind. They dont know how to give it back!
4	Omg I love this place! Cheap and cheerful and just jokes! When I was in Vegas I simply had to stay here!
5	This is to balance out Elizabeth A's idiotic one star review.  You don't give a one-star review because YOU left your cell phone charger behind and they didn't send it back to you on their dime.  Moron.
2	this is for our stay on the weekend of July 13, 2013I thought about giving one star, but decided to give two, only because it is affordable.  I didn't expect much either because of the affordable price.  you shouldn't expect much either.CANCELLATIONS - a few nights before, we almost had to cancel our plans to vegas .... I called really late evening (around 1130pm) to cancel our reservation, and the operator was plain rude.  we reserved through expedia and expedia gave us their confirmation number and the hotel confirmation number.  my confirmation email specifically said to cancel through the hotel, and when you click the link, it takes you directly to hooters and gives you hooters number to call for cancellation.  it also says to cancel before midnight to to avoid any other fees.  I call at 1130pm, but the rude operator told me reservations are closed at this time and I'd have to call back in the morning??  she also told me rudely that i have to cancel through expedia, and after i told her expedia directed me to hooters, that's when she told me to call back in the morning (to speak to someone who actually knew the answers).  whatever ..... thank goodness we found out our plans came through, so VEGAS HERE WE COME!!CHECK IN - we checked in on a thursday around 5pm.  not busy at all.  of course, the girl (not lady) at the front desk didn't seem happy about working here.  not welcoming, no smile .... again, whatever .... WE MADE IT TO VEGAS!! HOTEL APPEARANCE - filthy elevators (garage and hotel elevators) .... the elevator doors to your hotel room are just nasty.  like housekeeping hasn't wiped them down in years .....I thought it would be wiped down by the next morning ..... nope!  filthy the whole time.  garage elevators seem like they will drop with you in it any time .... again, whatever .... I wasn't expecting much for an average $56 a night ..... room is ok .... comparable to motel 6 .... one of the mattresses obviously needs to be replaced ...... the first thing we noticed was that the mattress was sunk in like an elephant sat on it for a month .... NO HOT WATER!!!  we're trying to get ready on a saturday morning around 9am to start our day.  FAIL!! I called housekeeping/engineering .... yes, they were aware the hot water wasn't working, and advised someone is working on it.  I asked how long it would be .... "that, I don't know"  .... again, RUDE .... at least throw in "I'm sorry, I do apologize, but we don't have that information at this time" .... after almost another hour of wasting the day away, I requested to use the shower in another tower (at least!!) so we can start our day.  thank goodness they were able to let that happen.  so, on with our late day in Vegas!CHECKOUT .... I didn't bother accompanying my husband to check out just so I can encounter another unhappy employee, but I did notice on the bill that we were comped our room service and daily service fees, which made me consider 2 stars.OVERALL .... you get what you pay for. like I said earlier, we didn't expect much, but I at least expected a decent experience.  no, I wouldn't come back, and I wouldn't recommend staying at this place, unless you like filthy establishments and rude employees.
2	Get wut u pay for under 70Remonte for tv didnt work, water in the bath was running when we got room, wouldnt turn off ran all night, also a spider in the sink..... The only thing that will make me not come back it when we walked in the room it smelled like old cooking oil...... Made me not want to order any wings... Stayed here for one night before stay at resort
2	EH... If it were on the strip it would be out of place. More along the lines of a Fremont Street.  Concerning the bar and restaurant on a Saturday night...slow bar service and oblivious bartenders. Wings were average, and certainly no comparison to our Chicagoland spots. Long waits for drinks, both at the bar and the table, were disheartening. Small hotel makes for a crowded lobby jammed with slots. For the price, it's possibly of value; however not what we look for in our Vegas Vacations...
3	I visited this Hooters casino/hotel/restaurants a few times in the past, I actually visited the restaurant once.  I believe the site used to be name Hotel San Remo many years ago.  Their off-strip location was not the most convenience place.Restaurant wise, we generally go for the wings for drinking purposes.  It probably taste about the same as any other Hooters, the quality of staffs seems to be better than my home state.The room our friends got seems to be a regular one, but has a nice backdoor access to the pool.  The cleanliness was not exactly perfect to begin with and the furnishing seems a bit old.
3	When you go to Hooters you expect "Welcome to Hooters" we did not get that. There were 2 hostess one did not acknowledge us. The other one said let me go see if I can find a table (the place was only 1/2 full) so she came back and then said follow me, then a waitress came up and rudely interrupted us, then turned her back on us so both hostess had to talk to her about reseating some people. I almost walked out. From there the waitress was great and so was the food. I gave a generous 3 because I have never had a bad experience at Hooters before. I saw some other bad reviews about the hostess (first impression) so it's time to get some friendly people up front that will give great customer service.
5	I dont know why everybody is bitching about Hooters. This place is Clean, friendly and close to down town. Not to forget you pay only $10 to $45 a night, depending what month you go. The food is Ok and dirt cheap. Yes sometimes stuff is not working, so yes you have to tell them a couple times to fix it, but it will get done.It helps a lot if you tip $5-$10 cheap ass :D.Ps. FREEEEEEE beer if you play slots. Get loaded for free.
2	Hooters. Really? First I did not stay by choice, a special friend booked on priceline and messed it up and got this place for the ever awful price of $80 a night. Epic fail. Parking is a mess, there's a shady lot across the street that is also open for guests. We got a double room, went up, it smelled like mildew and the carpet was wet in spots. Seriously? Tile around toilet was multi-colored, not in the good way. It looked like pee stain around the base of the toilet, but it was the messed up tile color. Hole/crack in the sink, way ghetto. We complained, they "upgraded" us to the 15th floor, same room, and gave us some drink coupons for the pool. Tiny beds, halfway between twin and full. Two small Asians in the bed was uncomfortable. Tub/shower clogged and took forever to drain. Cheap tv, no flat screen. But the carpet was better.First time going out we were going down the elevator and this two white trash guys get in with us holding a blunt. Reeked of weed, they start harassing my friend who's on the phone with her family. I tell them to back off and chill and all I remember was them yelling "Merica." Really? Nice clientele. As we were walking out of the casino behind them, one of these classy gentlemen mooned us bare ass and all. Nice. The only saving grace about this place was the pool. Surprisingly nice, and the free drink we got helped. Get the rum frozen drink. Nice and strong. I'd probably give a better review if I didn't pay a ridiculous price, maybe $25 a night and I'd understand. But $80? Hell no. Never again.
1	My husband and I have never been to this location and wanted to try it out. We were very disappointed. The service was terrible for a Saturday and want even that busy for it to be that bad. For being a "hooters" this was not a "hooters"... wings were bad and.mild sauce was buttery not at all mild.. very disappointed for being a las vegas
1	As a vegas local you expect good service right? WRONG!!!! Last night myself and my girlfriend went in what a mistake. We ate in the hooters resturant like we usually do when we visit the casino. So we ordered out food, Curley fries with cheese sauce for an app, Philly Steak and Cheese no onion for my girlfriend, and 10 wings breaded mild for myself. About 20 mins after we ordered all the food came out at once. The fries were ice cold and hard as a rock, my girlfriends sandwhich had onion on it and my wings were over cooked as per usual on a slow night. We have to stop a hostess to find our waitress ( who was horridly miserable) to come over. My girlfriend sent her food back and after about 10 more mintues she get her food. She goes to move her pickle out from under her fries (because come on who puts a cold pickle under fries right?!), and much to both of our surprise there is a 3 inch long piece of black hair stuck to her pickle. So we call the manager to come over. We explain the situation to David, and he offers to remake the food for a third time and claims to see no hair after I pick up the pickle and show it to him. We say no we dont want to we want to leave. So he says were more than welcome to leave our food has been comped. So we leave as we are leaving, I see David talking to another guy who keeps looking over at me, and nodding his head so I stop. David walked back over to me, and I asked what the problem was. He said nothing but you are more than welcome not to return to the resturant. I asked him why he said oh because we obvisiouly cant make you people happy. Ok fine. I go back today and speak with Bill the general manager. He also tells me every time you people are in here theres always an issue. You are always talking to a manager or complaining about something. It would be in your best interest not to come back. Ok first off the customer is always right, secondly you people is kind of demeaning to me and I take that as an insult. third I myself and my girlfriend know most of the people in the resturant personally that why were always talking to managers. I WILL NOT be returning to hooters anymore until the higher management staff is changed or they will admit they were in the wrong. I have never been treated so poorly in my life and will make sure this gets out to Hooters Of America!
1	So after 10 years it ends with you people are no longer welcome in the restaurant?  Wow  what an insult, funny two weeks ago when we ate there three times in one week with no issues there was not a problem but last night when there was an issue with the food we are no longer welcome???  Why is there a manager at our table almost every time we eat there you ask?? Because they know us, we go there at least 5 - 10 times a month to eat and yes they come over to see how we are not because there was an issue.  I will definately miss the nice folks who work there but if I am not welcome anymore  there are plenty of other places to eat and gamble in Vegas who will benefit from the added business
3	I give it 3 stars not because it's a 3 star hotel, but it's fine for staying there at a reasonable rate. the rooms are clean, the bathrooms are clean, the staff is good.It's pretty close to the stip...we walked everywhere. ...There is no point in paying ridiculous rate for a room you will barely be staying in.
5	Thank you Hooters -- especially Esme at the front desk for setting me up on Bayview 10th floor -- for a fun time once again! Hooters is my favorite casino of all. Why? Because it's cheap as dirt and fun as hell and the beer never stops flowing!!!
1	I went here with really low expectations and they somehow managed to fall short. Quite possibly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. In a group of 9, three people sent their food back. Great ketchup, though. I would definitely come back to try the other 56 flavors.
3	Some people on Yelp are making unfair comparisons regarding Hooters. I stayed here on October 18 & 19. The hotel / casino is older, and the rooms are in need of a remodel. The price of the stay, however, was very reasonable. One can't compare Hooters to, say, the Cosmopolitan, but $400 plus per night was not in my budget. If you want a beautiful room in a fantastic location, stay at the Cosmo. You get what you pay for.Plus side: Hooters is within walking distance to the Tropicana and MGM Grand, which makes it a convenient location. They have 24-hour security in the pool area and, of course, in the casino. I felt safe while staying there and walking around with $500 cash in my pocket.Another plus: I gambled in the casino and especially liked the $3 blackjack. Impossible to find on the Strip.Overall, I'd give Hooters 2.5 stars. Two stars is too low, and three stars is a bit on the high side.John HowardPort Hueneme, CA
3	Ok place to stay for the price, food not so good....did not enjoy food inside Hooters restaurant, burger dry & wings tasteless, dont sleep with women so why did I wake up with another woman's hair on my body in my bed? Mad Onions $9.99 prime rib dinner good except for extremely thick dry mashed potatoes. Would stay again for lodging price & locations but would rather not eat there.
2	It's about what you should expect for an old, run down hotel.  It's badly in need of an update.  The rooms are very sparsely appointed with basically zero amenities.  No wi-if, no decent TV, leaky plumbing and lots of noise.  The food is typical Hooters fare, just more expensive and the service is pretty poor.  The gaming machines are cheap and blackjack is only $3, so that's one plus.
1	After all the times we've gambled in this place.  We've eaten here quite a bit in the past 3 years.. No longer,  not after the way we've been treated like scum.     What's worse is they could careless about the way they treat people.  Food has always been fair,  but the one time I complain about my food having a hair in it,  I'm the one that's wrong.  Sorry to inform you, the customer is always right.   If you found hair in your food I know you'd say something.  Sure, we're welcome to gamble here but we're not allowed in the restaurant.  Ha, HA!  I can read between the lines,  thanks for making my decision even easier..I don't miss feeling like an inconvenience to anyone,  which is what they did & should be ashamed.  I HAD two free nights this month sent to my email but that's not going to get me in that place again.  I heard the hotel is barely hanging in there, soon to be re faced as a holiday Inn or something.  They're being bought out.   I get it, you'd rather deal w/ drunken tourists.  They're too drunk to care.  Makes your job so much easier,  I understand.  The Hooters on Rainbow is 7 minutes from us, we won't bother you again.
3	If you want good service, see Nicole at the bar! She was on top of everything and knew how to pour beers!
3	My girlfriends and I ate at Hooters on Tropicana at Hooters Casino Hotel on the first night of a bachelorette party - and I say fittingly because hooters were a prerequisite for the trip - you either have them, or you like them. Apparently though, for this place, the type of salad was unnecessarily "high class" with its actual greenery, but I liked it - I always like a better salad than just romaine. But Hooters gave us live entertainment in the form of  a cover band and boobs. What else do you really go there for? I ordered chicken wings (which were good, though I couldn't finish them), whereas chicken sandwiches and Caesar salads were the other main courses for my friends, and there weren't any complaints to be had. I go to any Hooters because I like the atmosphere and it seems to be on my bucket list - I've been to quite a few of them. If there's a Hooters, I'm there. At least once. And because you don't expect much, you get a lot more. Inexpensive food, cheap drinks, loud music, and pretty girls (for the most part) - that's the point of the place, so why fight it? It's always a good time.
3	We came here after drinking all night to get our wings fix. Overall for a Hooters it was pretty good. Since we were there around 2am, there weren't many other people so we were seated and got our food quickly. There was also a cover band playing at the beginning, which was nice but a little too loud for my taste. The waitress was very nice, and at the end of the night I was happy with a tummy full of yummy wings!
2	What can I say about this hotel and casino... lets just say I appreciated the free suite, but that is pretty much it.  Aside from serving up great food with mediocre service, this hotel and casino needs to be imploded.  The rooms are a decent size but they definitely show their age.  The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean but the parking garage looks like it's falling apart and same with the rest of the property.  The pool is a B- compared to others on this end of the strip.  If I needed a room and they provided it for free, I would stay - otherwise I wouldn't pay to stay here.
2	This is a review for the restaurant inside of the casino. I've always been a fan of hooters wings and curly fries. So, after seeing a show we stopped here to eat. My husband and I both got wings. They were cold. Cold enough that they could have been cooked and put in the fridge. This is the only hooters that hasn't been spot on with the wings. Service wasn't great either. We got our food and no one came to check on us for 20 minutes and I clearly wasn't eating my food. At least the curly fries were good, and warm. Overall cold food and bad service, and they weren't even busy!
1	Will I think hooters  needs to stick with the restaurant industry only as a restaurant not casino/hotel/restaurant I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was Raw in the middle sent it back for second one and again it was Raw I don't think they cook very well at this location, I will not eat here now, The pools is extremely cold, and the hot tubs are to hot.
2	Can't be upset for what you get on a Saturday in Vegas for $50. The room was exactly as I expected a $50 room would be.... Outdated, small, not the cleanest but what do you expect? The bed was clean and comfy and the water pressure in the shower was excellent. Our toilet overflowed and ran all night, the elevator is a bit of a death trap and the casino is tiny. Ok for one night but that's about it. You get what you get.... Basic room with no frills.
3	I was lured here by their huge sign advertising $3 blackjack. Once they got me inside there was only one table of $3 blackjack which was of course packed. You would think that advertising $3 blackjack would signify that the table games were cheap..this is not the case. I walked around scoping the other tables and could not find anything cheaper than 10 bucks. Bait and switch!
1	This is a review of the restaurant inside.  Like so many others, my experience here consisted of questionable food and an unfriendly waiter, who didn't trouble himself to stop by our table even once to ask us if we wanted another beverage or anything else. He sure had time though to stand around looking bored, talking to his buddy near the back where I watched him do absolutely nothing for 20 minutes. So I decided to just walk up to the bar to get my own drink where I was met, eventually, by an ill-tempered gal who did nothing more than raise her eyebrows when I asked for a beverage. The chicken was overdone on the outside, underdone on the inside- shrimp like rubber. Straight up- this place is bad, stay away.
1	They advertise their wings being available 24/7, so my wife and I stopped in at 1:45am.  First, don't expect the typical Hooters waitresses at this hour, you'll be disappointed.  But even more so, the service was awful.  We were promptly seated in a booth, but then no one bothered to even come over and say hello.  After about 10 minutes of just sitting there, I went to the bar but was intercepted by a waitress there.  She spoke to the other waitress who didn't seem to care about us, so she took my order at the bar.  Our drinks were promptly served, and we were told our wing order and fries were put on "rush".  We waited another 20 minutes, left money for the drinks, and left.  No one even said anything to us as we left, and the one waitress who was trying to help never appeared; I suspect she was in the kitchen afraid to come out empty handed.
3	Again great deal for the price and location plus free breakfast.  $50 on Saturday.  King room, flat t.v.,kureg coffee, good water pressure, did not hear the people next door and hope they didn't hear us. (Unlike planet Hollywood where you hear everything)
4	Great service and wings BUT we had 2 tap beers and were charged $5 each even though every add I saw all over town said $4.00 beers. I know it is only $2. But it all adds up!
3	At a late lunch here today and was disappointed in the food.  Our sliders and fries came out purely cold.  Asked for a fix, got it, but it came back too quick.  Making us realize that all the kitchen did was reheat in the fryer.  Still wasn't very appetizing.   I'll stick with beer and wings, seems as though those things can't be messed up.  Sitting at the bar, waitresses coming up to the order computer and complaining about their customers or 'bad' tip to the bartender/coworkers is a bit offending and immature.  Be thankful to have a job and quit talking smug around other customers about customers.  The bartenders have been great each visit though.  Victoria is great, friendly, and speedy.   I'd love to come here everytime she's working...worth my time and tip!
1	If you want to gamble on the cheap and still be on the strip, then Hooters is the place to head.  But it really isn't on the strip.  And yes, there are $5 tables, but very limited. And on top of it, the slot selections are small.  Not really worth it to come by.  You're better off to head downtown for cheap tables with more tables and more slot machines.
3	When I visit Vegas and need a hotel, I don't choose a hotel.  It chooses me, based on the price they're quoting and their location.  I've been "chosen" to stay at this hotel several times over the years, simply because it's one of the cheapest hotels in Vegas that's still in close proximity to The Strip.  It's definitely a lower-end hotel, similar to the ones you'd find in Downtown Las Vegas.  If there is any need for you to project a sense of wealth or affluence, this isn't the hotel for you.  If you need a hotel with clean rooms and a reasonably nice casino that is in close proximity to even nice hotels with far better casinos, this is the place for you.  The last time I stayed here, I had a room on the 9th floor.  It was a very clean room with comfortable beds.  Depending on what side of the building your room is located, you're either going to have a view of the MGM Grand to the North of you, just across the street, or a view of the pool area and the City of Henderson way off in the distance to the South.  The wifi connection was easy to pick up.  I don't like hotel rooms where even the quickest of showers will cause the bathroom to turn into a giant steamy mess, and this is exactly what it's like here.  You can tell that the wallpaper and the paint in the bathroom has had to endure the brunt of this constant steam.  The casino itself is very basic.  There aren't a huge variety of slot machines and table games.  The advertise $5 blackjack tables, but there will likely be only one of these tables in operation at any given time.  If you like the whole scene at Hooters restaurants, you'll like the scene in this casino.  If you're looking for the opulent side of Las Vegas, you won't like it.  I think I paid $25 for one night in this hotel, which is a great bargain for this hotel.  I gave this hotel three stars instead of two because the quality of the hotel pretty much matches the price.  I've stayed at much worse places than this in Las Vegas and paid much more.  I'd say this is the best hotel in Las Vegas for this price range.
2	We got fooled by the $3 blackjack signs at the airport. Although, to be fair, we were just across the street so it wasn't a huge deal to us. There was of course, the one table with $3 BJ and the rest at higher minimums. I didn't realize how small Hooters is. There really isn't much to do there. Every restaurant on the sides of the casino floor seemed to be the same -- wings and beer. I think for every hundred you loose, you should be able to get 3 free chicken wings or something, haha. As much as I like chicken wings, I won't be back. It's too small and smokey. (The poker section was a joke. No one was there and it was literally a small corner of the room.)
1	this place need to be taken down.... its not even worth a free night . spend the exrta cash and go else where...
2	Totally disappointing casino.  With a name like hooters you expect a little more showmanship in the casino floor.
1	Pretty bad atmosphere. I have been waiting for 30 minutes with 8 other people to sit at a 3 dollar 6-5 blackjack table and they won't open another table or even a $5 table.
4	Hooters wings is in my top 5 favorite things to eat, so of course I spent the very first hours of 2014 here. The line was long, but we got seated within 10 minutes. The server was sweet and the food came out quickly.  Got my faves the classic buffalo wings, boneless wings, and buffalo shrimp, it tasted like Hooters. Nothing really to complain about :) If you don't like salty food, don't get the Parmesan Garlic cause that shit is salty.
1	Updated review: Some of the hooter girls at this location are mean and very rude. A lot of them are inexperienced, and you can tell that they're only there for a paycheck. When some of the girls do their birthday songs, you can tell that they don't want to be there and that they aren't enjoying themselves.The food is alright. Sometimes it comes out stale, other times you can tell when it's freshly cooked. I'm glad Holiday Inn is revamping the place; hope it gets better with time. All in all I had to take 4 stars from my previous review. For now, this Hooters just doesn't do it for me.
2	Disappointed with the casino and restaurant inside.I am a hooters lover. Everywhere I go, I want hooters wings...this place served some awful wings. Greasy and chicken not cooked enough. I'd give them a pass but my friend also returned his wings.Casino is small and restaurant has an awkward layout.We sat at bar and were served. Bar was disgusting. Waitresses wanted no business working...typical young girls with nothing better to do. Food took 20 mins to come out.Really let down with the whole experience. Next time in Vegas is give it another shot but would be very hesitant.
5	I could write a fawkn novel about this place been coming here about 5yrs now and I think they went corporate. Either way I always have a good time here. Rooms kind of suck but the on site tat shop did a great job on my buddy. This place gets 5 stars because of their bartender Pam. She's older and in the back bar usually. This chic rocks!Food is standard for hooters. I got the presidential suite there a few years ago. Was nice and fun for my guests but expected a little more hospitality from management for booking a room that costed over $600 All in a always a fun time. Sober or HAUSED.
5	Good food as usual and 25% off for active duty military!
1	Stayed in the hotel for a 3 day softball tournament. The location is great, but it's just not the cleanest. The place just looks like management doesn't care anymore. The hotel smells. The bungalows were a little better, but the view of the empty pool & raggedy resort area with construction tape everywhere left a lot to be desired. I complained, moved rooms, and even asked the room to be cleaned again, but their idea of presentation and mine are very different. Next time, I'll just spend the extra money.
1	Rooms are dirty and old time to renovate! Paid too much for the Quality if the room! I'm surprised there wasn't bed bugs the room was soo dirty!At least the wings are good!
1	This place is depressing. They certainly do not live up to their name. And I'm willing to look past that (well, maybe not) but there was just no energy in this place. I twas a Thursday night, and the casino area was dead. It was worse than casinos in Reno. The only reason we came here is because we were staying at the Tropicana and wanted a change. The only reason we stayed was because we were hungry and wanted a cheap dinner...wings. We got an assortment of wings, and they were just okay. The waitress was nice, but completely forgettable. It was one of our friend's bday, and all the waitresses were about to sing, but the "main" waitress forgot the song, so they had to go back, teach her, and they came back 20 minutes later. Really??We went to a bar which, again on a Thu night, had maybe 10 people in it. And we roll in with our group of 8 and pretty much take over. Again, no fault of the bartender, as he was cool, but the vibe is just sad. When there are so many choices on the strip, I don't think you need to bother with this one.
1	I stay at the hotel ALL the time and I LOVE it. However the Hooters restaurant is AWEFUL. The manager is grade A bologna. The hostesses do not know anything. We were told that we could bring alcohol in but then the manager came up to us and impolitely mentioned we are not allowed to open anymore beer bottles. (Which we had purchased from the restaurant early morning.) I don't know the hiring process at this restaurant but they should reconsider the people they hire. I work at a very upscale restaurant and I can promise you we would never treat our guests the way I have been treated here. Then again it is Hooters.
3	Not bad and surprised that Corporate doesn't spruce up the place a bit.  Stayed there a few nights and the rooms were a bit run down.The waitresses are kinda airheads and a little older than what one might expect at Hooters.  Some were even a little COUGAR-like.  That surprised me and I kept my nephew who was with me... away from these gals.Service was poor.  Food OK, but not like the Restaurant-only joints.Sorry.  I expected more.
2	Going down fast.room was kinda clean,called housekeeping 3 times for coffee,never came.gym machines are squeaky loud and dirty.
4	I really like Hooters.  Its definitely more No-Frills! :)I got a room in the main tower for $30 but with the BS resort fees of $17 it was $47.  But even after I bend over for the BS fees, the place is clean and simple.  Its a great alternative to keeping things cheap.   If you go with your buddy, Its less than $25 per night.If you play blackjack, this casino still does 1.5x for blackjack.  Some of the other casinos are moving to the BS 6/5 payout.  To expound on the rooms, but I am in real estate and the rooms are kinda the typical cheap (but clean) rooms that we see in some ghetto fix and flips.  For the price, I can't complain.  A good alternative might be the Rio.  Their rooms are better and in a similar price point, but I'm sure you will have to bendover more for the BS resort fees.
4	Stayed at Hooters only once and it was last month, January 2014.What I liked about the Hotel:-Cheap Rooms-Walking distance to the Strip-Perfect location if you are going to see a show/eat at MGM or go clubbing at Hakkasan -Can eat wings anytime of the dayImprovements:-The rooms are quite outdated, but considering the cost of the room (about $22 per night on a weekend), the outdated-ness didn't really bug me. In fact, the rooms were surprisingly nicer than I thought they were going to be! -The room was fairly clean. Not sparkly clean, but definitely clean enough to stay in.-The elevators were quite old, especially the parking lot ones. At times, my friend and I thought we might get stuck. Would I recommend?-If you are planning a last-minute Vegas trip like my friend and I did last month and will most likely be out and about and not in the room, then I definitely recommend you staying here! If you are planning on being in your room a lot and want a nice view and everything, I suggest you plan ahead, pay more and stay on the Strip.
2	Went here on the recommendation that the casino wasn't as intimidating as many others and, it sure ain't.I was excited at first at how modest it was, but later disappointed when there wasn't enough people there to play some live poker.No such thing as Hooters in UK, so it was exciting in a hooray-for-the-objectification-of-women-in-2013-kinda-way and the service was really prompt. The sort of place you kinda just have to go to, but in the end it ain't so impressive.
3	Looks real old fashion when you go inside. The waitress are hot. I like the outfits on them.. The restaurant is all the way in the back need to be in the front. Needs a bigger sportsbook. Don't shoot craps table always sucks..
4	food is better than other locations.  although i had a feather still stuck on the wing.
1	This place is a DUMP. That's the easiest way to put it. The valet was no where to be seen. The parking garage was horrible. The elevators were slow and dirty. The rooms was disgusting. The employee I dealt with was nice enough. I paid for the room in hotels.com but I didn't stay there. I just got a room somewhere else. That's how bad it was. I uploaded some pics to show how bad it was.
2	Really would be a one star, except it has it's bright points (staff who try).  The good:  Cheap.  The bad:  Old dirty, smells like a fraternity after a beer brawl.Could be a five star if you like cheap beer...
3	Do you need anything else if you have beer, wings, and tittays??There is only one right answer to this question, and the answer is...NO.Unless your answer was: MORE beer, MORE wings and MORE tittays. That answer gets you bonus points. This review is for the Hooters restaurant and Casino. I did not stay in a room. Nor would I, because the wood paneling and the bright orange was just too much! I imagine this elegant motif carries itself through to the rooms. Much much too demure a place for me to handle staying there. Hooters remains true to their motto. They stay tacky. And they own it, which is why I actually like it. The waitresses still walk around with their logo tank tops, nylon covered ass cheeks, LA Gear tennis shoes and tube socks. It comforts me to know that I experience Hooters the same way patrons did when the place first opened.I like their wings and fried pickles, although I will admit, the food here, no matter the location, is always mediocre. Hooters keeps thier expectations low so you don't have to. Just kidding, you do. I do love the cheap beer and smorgasbord of different shapes and sizes of boobies on their best push up game. Never change Hooters. I know you won't.
3	Hey all! Well this place is definitely not the ritz. However, when my flight got cancelled and I was not sure what to do when I had to stay the night, this place was cheap and affordable! Though it is an older hotel and it is noticeable it is clean. The food downstairs is still great wings like hooters always has! In addition, tables are cheaper (which is nice) than the other spots. It is not on the strip though around the corner from the strip. And being across from the MGM and next to Tropicana you can just walk through them to get to the strip too. The hotel is also quiet compared to most others including others that are off the strip.  It also has free wi-fi. The customer service is ok, some are beyond nice, such as setting up a players card, in the restaurant but the hotel management is not always the best. But in that sense you are still getting a deal with what you pay for. Defiantly would stay again not the first place but if I had to stay cheaply or got screwed  again by the airlines I know I could get a room, quickly too, and it would be clean and a good place to sleep as well as continue to gamble and be close to the action.
4	Stayed here a few times and I do like the rooms. If you are looking for a nice, clean, basic Vegas resort this is the place for you. The hotel and casino are relatively small so everything is conveniently located, just a hop, skip and a jump from your room to the casino to the pool or parking garage. The prices are a hit or miss, sometimes they have really great deals and sometimes they are just downright terrible. They have a 24 hour gift shop (located next to the elevators of the two towers of the hotel) that has munchies, moonshine and gifts, which is nice. They have a few restaurants which are open a little late but do close so if the tummy starts to growl after a night of partying you might want to grab something to eat on the way back to the hotel or you'll starve. There really isn't anywhere to party in this resort. It is more of a gamble, sleep, repeat kind of place. The pools are relaxing, the beds are comfy and the views are decent...perfect for those that are in Vegas for a chill weekend.
1	Hotel and Casino Are Dumpy! Old tvs from the 90's and the toilet was wore out uncleenable i think. Service sucked. Ended up getting rm service to get wings!
2	This review is just for the Hooters Restaurant and not the Casino or Hotel.  Pros-The Beer was cold and fairly cheap compared to other places we visited, facilities were clean and the wait staff were fairly prompt.Cons- My wife and I went here for wings and ordered the Spicy Garlic which we both love.  Every other time at every other Hooters, these wings are very strong with Garlic flavor with a little spice.  These wings were just the opposite.  They were overpowered with heat and almost no garlic flavor. My wife and I could not finish a 10 piece that we were sharing and she likes much hotter foods than I do.I spent more time wiping the sweat from my forehead than I did eating or drinking while we were here. Would have been a 1 Star if not for the Pros listed above.  I'm not saying not to go here,  I'm saying don't order these wings unless you have a cast iron stomach.
1	This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken. This place need a huge renovation. The tv's are from the 80's and taking a shower doesn't make you feel clean. At least it is across from the MGM so you can spend your time over there.
1	Hooters restaurant sucks. Poorly managed with the managers more interested in flirting with the servers.  Current bartender not very strong.
5	Service here was amazing. Ask for Tammy!
3	For a place that's supposedly known for wings, it wasn't so good. I was very hungry but couldn't finish the 20 wings I was sharing with my friend. The 10 grilled wings were tossed in this super spicy tangy Cajun sauce. Eeee. Should've had the sauce on the side. The other 10 wings had sauce on the side but the batter was chalky tasting. Eeee.The shrimp and spinach salad was good. Tsk. Was so craving good wings though.
3	My 1st time staying at Hooters. It's not as sexual as it may seem to be. It's a regular 'ol casino/hotel w/ nothing more than hard working ladies taking care of their customers. Hotel is SMALL (which is good): everything is accessible without having to run around a maze of slot machines/shops to find a bathroom. It's easy to navigate & clean. It's DATED: meaning it's not fancy/modern. Which is TOTALLY fine with me, especially for the affordability! What I was not a fan of is the elevators: they are in dire need of repairs. We were given a 15th floor room (very nice view of the mountains in the distance & the pool below). 1 of the times in which i was in the elevator going up, it dropped by a few feet. SCARED ME TO DEATH! I avoided that elevator from then on out and told the hotel people about the incident. Hopefully they will fix/update the machinery soon, 'cause the weird noises are a sure sign of worse things to come! Besides this: the hotel is great! Unbeatable location if you are looking to be close to the south end of the strip. The MGM (which is a billion times more expensive per night) is directly across the street. Granted, the MGM has more amenities, but if you are just looking for a clean/comfortable place to sleep while in vegas, without spending all of your budget on the hotel room, stay at Hooters. (PS: the pool seems nice. i didn't get to use it since this was a 48 hour business trip at the beginning of march 2014 but i would have used it if i had had a chance).
3	kann man empfelen
2	The Bad:  This hotel is old.  The rooms have a 26" tube TV.  The bathrooms are comparable to a Motel 6. They have two places to eat...Hooters...wings and burgers and the Onion something.  People smoke weed in the rooms which stinks up a whole floor. The fixtures etc all seemed to be replaced but with repair/apartment grade stuff.  Big dings in the drywall.  Old rugs that you don't dare walk on in bare feet, (sleep in your socks if you get up at night). Real, real basic accomodations.The Good:  Really cheap rooms. Regular people in the bar and gaming area.  Easy to get in and out of out front, not a zoo.  Kind of a fun but controlled frat house atmosphere in the small casino area. Right across the street from the MGM if you want all the fluff and $25 crap tables and $25 black jack tables.  The in-room coffee maker was good.  made shaking off the morning cobwebs a little easier.  No place for breakfast that I could find.  All the staff was great and very friendly/helpful and the "Hooter's Girls" working the casino area were very easy on the eyes and nice.Like everything is this world, you kinda get what you pay for.  If you want a cheap place to crash or don't care about the fancy schmance casino, this place will work.  I took a chance and stayed here while in Vegas on business.  Probably won't go back unless I was on a bare bones budget, and even then I'll look around for something else.
1	Hooters management, please don't send me a pretend compliment saying I'm picky when you make sucky wings. How do you screw up wings? Read all the other reviews and try to improve, not defend like a punkass bitch.
5	Had an incredible experience at Hooters!  Came out if the restrooms stall and had no toilet paper and out of nowhere, Markus, one of the employees became my life savior!  Thanks to Markus and the Hooters team I had an incredible experience at this hotel/customer service heaven.-Max
2	Me and my husband came here for dinner on our last night of our vacation. The bartender was great despite being by herself. The food and other waitresses were less pleasant. The fried pickles were disgusting, the fries and wings were very bland and had no flavor at all, the bartender noticed we didn't eat the fried pickles so she had the manager remove them from our tab. When we tried asking a waitress for napkins and silverware she walked around the bar to tell the bartender instead of just doing it herself an she was rude about it. Just as we were leaving one of the waitresses was complaining to the manager about the wifi, your working why are you worried about it. If it weren't for the bartender id give it a 1 star.  We won't be coming back for the food, the casino is a different story. I think when Hooters was on undercover boss they should have come to this location
1	Worst dining experience in Vegas. It took me twenty minutes just to get a water at a half full bar. Food came out cold and many products, specifically ranch are not  in house products like every other hooters. I will never go back. At one point I genuinely thought Jon Taffer might walk in and start yelling, god knows he should.
1	Doesn't even taste like hooters wings! The ranch that came with wings was pre packaged. What happen to home made ranch? Fry's were good though, guess those aren't difficult to make.
2	Big fan if the wings but with this Hooters, the Hooters in Savannah, Ga and Honolulu, Hi when I take my wife with me we get below avg service. It's like the girls see me with another women and just assume I don't deserve decent service from them. It takes well over 10min before someone ask if we want any drinks, then if we're lucky we get at least one refill after our cups have been empty for half an hr. We place our orders and after we are served we won't see our waitress till it's time for the check. It's frustrating cause I've been to hooters many if times with my friends and we get spot on service but the times I wanna take the wife with me I might as well not even bother and go someplace else if I want decent service.
1	Granted, it's Hooters.  And Hooters in Vegas is ten times worse than anything you can possibly imagine.  However in this economy customer service is essential for a business to thrive.  The valet attendant who simply drove our vehicle and left the car without saying anything to us and didn't offer to assist with luggage made the choice of tip amount simple.  Zero.  Because he didn't even say a word to us as he walked by, presumably to take his smoke break.  The pool is open 24/7 all year round, however it's all guys there, and I'd hate to even think of the sperm count contained within.  The only women at that pool are the hooters girls, and they're paid to flirt with you.  You're not that funny.  In fact, watching you from my window I saw most of the waitresses avoiding you after hassling them for your fifth picture and yelling, "sluts!"The next door neighbors violently vomiting (with the door open?) until 5 am is to be expected in Vegas at a "red neck haven" such as this one.  If you can afford to go somewhere else, do so.  Otherwise, stay home, save your money and buy a pair of shoes.That said, the servers were nice.  You have to be respectful to them and you may get the same waitress back to the table more than once.  If you're a d-bag or harassing, it seems they'll send a different one to take over.
2	I believe this is the old San Remo Casino...and it still looks like the old San Remo Casino.  Guys will like it, because it's hooters.  Food was not up to par, and although the restaurant says it's open 24/7, my wife and were told we had to order food from the bar after 11pm.  Buffalo Wild Wings are way better than Hooter's wings.  If I was 22 again and wanted a place to flop after drinking/clubbing, this is the spot.  If you're looking for a fun time (even a family time) in a nice, well-maintained place, this ain't it.  Probably won't be back.
2	This is a dirty late night casino right off the Vegas strip across from the MGM. My boyfriend stayed here 8 years ago and raved about how nice it was, within five minutes of being there I heard him saying "this sure isn't what it used to be!" I guess it really went downhill. The dealers were very unprofessional, especially at the craps tables. Everything was kind of run down. I went back to the bar to order some famous wings to take back to the hotel so I could get us out of there. The bartenders were as bad as the dealers, I saw my order sitting on the counter for at least 10 minutes before he finally gave them to me and I had already paid. It was irritating! The wings tasted really good and were the only good part of our experience at hooters (probably because we got the wings to go!) Skip this place, there's a ton of other options close by!
3	I had extremely low expectations for this place. We booked 4 nights and got it for $129 (pre fees, etc) PROS-24 hour pools & hot tubs. Pool area is nice, with sand, games, beer pong, etc. Food open at hooters 24 hours. Great for a late night snack. Order the "lotsa tots" hahaThe rooms are old, and not the fanciest as to be expected. But for the price, and being really close to the strip, it was not a big deal. There was a nice makeup area outside the shower/bathroom I always like that. Rumor is they are in the process of being bought out - so we shall see what happens. I would stay here again, just to be able to swim at 4:00 am when I get in from a crazy night.
1	Don't turn on your tv in your room. We were charged for $70 worth of movies, both adult and regular. When they tried to charge us for these upon check out I naturally examined we didn't order them. Because they were played, even for a small window of time, the manager explained we had to pay. Then she laughed at us for being upset. Her name is Imelda. She offered to take off one day of resort fees ($15) and asked if that made us happy. Obviously no was t my answer so she remarked back, still chuckling, ok then I won't do anything. Unacceptable service. Unacceptable to laugh at your guests. I told her all of this and she finally explained I could call the company since the moves are all managed by a 3rd party and they would most likely refund me. It's a hassle to have to do this but she could have told me this before she started laughing at us. Hooters is cheap so it's fine to overlook outdated accommodations but I will not tolerate disrespectful service. I stayed here with a group of 20 in 8 different rooms. You lost all of us as customers.
5	Great Food Great ExperienceI'd like to take a few moments of your time to let you know about our recent dining experience at Hooters.On Tuesday April 1st, 2014 my friend and I decided to have dinner at your establishment.First of all, I'd like to say a few things about our waitress Jasmine.She was awesome. Very polite and outgoing. She made us feel welcome. It was a wonderful experience having Jasmine looking after us. She really was sincere and made us very comfortable. Always smiling.First we had drinks and then she even asked us when we would like to have our onion rings. Before or with our dinner. We thought that was amazing!Our dinner came and yet more friendly comments. WOW!Our chicken wings were amazing and exactly how we ordered them. Once again more friendly chatter.After dinner she asked us if we would like to take our leftover food home with us. We said yes of course.She even sat down and chatted briefly with us once again.Jasmine is a wonderful young lady and you could just tell that she truly enjoys her job. She is a superb asset to
4	This is a pretty nice hotel for the price and the location is pretty good better than some other places that are actually on the strip.  The beds are comfortbale but what makes this place 4 stars insteqad of a 3 star is because they have a 24 hour pool area that i have not seen elsewhere on the strip.  Plus they have  the hooter wings which is great when your drunk..lolWe have stayed here once and would stay here again for sure especially if its a quick weekend trip  or if your in vegas to party and not sleep much then this is the place to be for sureThe slots are ok but not the best on the strip but they arent as busy as some of the other casinos on the strip so that is a plus in my book.   Easy layot really helps out too.  usually pretty good drink deals as well just make sure they dont charge you for the drinks if they bring them too u at the slots cause i had that happen twice.  Must of been stuck with newvies...lol
3	I booked this hotel and my wife woudnt go due to bad reviews on yelp.happy to say excellent front desk service/clean rooms/great food/excellent prime rib at 9,.99.would stay again.room rates reasonable across from MGM taxi entrance
1	Wow!  They got me good....Booked through Orbitz so it's non-refundable.  Very old bldg (slump block) with equally old carpet & sheets.  Maybe worth $45 ... Not the nearly $200 I got taken for!Please I just hope there are no BED BUGS...No way do they EVER get repeat business!This place should be condemned...Please Mr. Wynn... Buy this & level it!
1	It's my first night here and if it wasn't for the Country Music Awards I would not be staying here!The room is extremely dated, the beds are bowed in the middle, the TV has snow on 1/2 the channels. The room actually stinks so bad that I may not make it! (Covered in perfume or something)We ate dinner in the Hooters Restaurant and I will say that it was horrible!  The service was bad, the hostess was horrible!  When we left there were 25 people in line waiting to get a table when half the restaurant was empty!  (This was at 8:15pm)I can honestly say, I will never come here again!
3	Hooters Hotel has one of the cheapest prices in town! Decent room for the price you pay especially since it is roughly a third of the price of the other hotels on the Strip.  In fact, I believe that  I've actually paid nearly three times as much for the same exact room at Bellagio minus the view of the water fountain of course.. But I rather have a view of the parking and save the rest for a tasty buffet!  Hooters provide their guests with the basic necessities... Comfy beds, bathroom, tv, and wifi.  Plus it is in close proximity to the other hotels on the Strip which I appreciate.  They also offer room service as well.  The price for the room service meals seems very affordable and comparable to the price they charge at the restaurant.  I came here for Spring break and I'm really glad I booked a room with Hooters!  The only downside is that even though it is near the main Strip... You would still have to drive.. Overall, Great room at an affordable rate!
2	Not a fan. Everyone here is on island time and island speed. We had the website reservations error on us. We waited about 30 mins, two hang ups and talked to four people before it got corrected. Upon checking in, valet was no where to be found. The checkin desk was extremely slow and not organize. The room are basic and what I expect for the price. I had no problems with the beds. The casino is tiny. When we went to leave, valet was no where in sight again. The waited a good 10 mins, and went to the valet/bell door. For $50 a night during a trade show I would stay here again, but for priced more, on a vacation or quick get away I would not.
2	This place is one of the worst i've stayed in.  bed was worn out and sagging in the middle.  The carpets were dirty and stained.  Old tv too!  Carpet was peeling away from the wall.  If you are super drunk and wasted, this is hotel for you.
2	I had high hopes for this place, seeing as how it's Hooters central, but perhaps I haven't been to enough Hooters to know that one should keep their expectations at a modest level for such establishments. There's not much to say that hasn't already been said in other reviews, but here's the short of it. Security thugs outnumber the Hooters girls, making the place feel generally inhospitable. The bar was understaffed on a Thursday night with two bartenders taking orders from 20-something customers seated at the bar, as well as fulfilling orders from the floor. Tough job, and unfair to both staff and patrons. The pool looks clean, and the gym is nice enough with standard equipment including weight machines and cardio. The whole place is just dingy, like it hasn't been modified in 30 years. It's 2014, and my bathroom sink wouldn't drain. In that sense, it's divey, so if that's your thing, you'll love it here. Unremarkable otherwise, even for the lowlow price of a one night's stay.
5	iam a local go there twice a year very nice pools clean they have mad onion there food very good and good prices love it there people very nice
4	2pm lunch, good service. We got the 50 pieces wings and sause on the side. Spring Break 2014!!
5	When you want wings, you want to head to Hooters...try to get seated in Ashley S's section (preferably when Mike Lee is working) and you'll get INCREDIBLE service matched only by Ashley's adorable smile!
5	Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girlsJust had a delicious breakfast of a fruit place and egg whites.  Scrumptious
4	Pretty good food, pretty packed most of the time. I enjoyed the fact that the food got to me very fast and was delicious still. I expected it to be pretty bad since it was quick, and its hooters... but it was good.
3	I forgot to update my review. They did invite us back and gave us 2 days to enjoy. Place is still not very impressive. They are doing renovations but they are modest at best. This would have been fine except I've noticed the prices have increased as well. All in all the earned a couple extra stars for trying to make things right. Oh and also when we got there are room wasn't ready for over 2 hours after check in time. Weird but this could have been a fluke.
2	Room was big and standard. Not many towels but enough. No refrigerator. The food was meh, and drinks expensive. Girls were alright, the casino didn't smell too bad.
3	Cheap rooms are good, especially if you plan on being out and about most of the time. The rooms are okay, mostly just a place to shower and knock out at the end of the night. It's close to the MGM. It's a little bit off the strip but you can walk to the strip if you want. My friends and I got tired of walking so the last night we took a taxi to get around. My favorite part of this hotel was coming back at 2 or 3 AM and going to the Hooters restaurant for wings.
5	Damn Mike Lee is a great manager and he makes this place a better environment and gives awesome customer service. And he's adorable and cute.
4	The best price next to the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  Great food and service.  See Pam the bartender at the Sports Book.  She will keep you laughing.  Mike Lee the Manager at Hooters ran circles around us.  If you want to unwind without feeling like you are lost in a crowd of people and enjoy one on one service this is the place.
3	Not bad. Good price and good location. I'd have no problem staying there again.
4	The cost/benefit ratio is very good at Hooters  @ $47/night (including the $16 resort fee, depending when you book)!  The hotel is centrally located, across the MGM Grand Hotel.  Hooters is definitely showing its age though.  The carpeting, wall fixtures, rooms, and general appearance is showing significant wear and tear.  the hotel is in need of a facelift.  The rooms are clean but showing that 90's look--including  tube TV.  That being said, Hooters is probably the best value hotel you will find adjacent to the strip (Technically it's 1-blk off the strip on Tropicana).  The hotel offers nice pools with a full service bar, a sandy beach area,hot tub, scantly clad Hooters Girls, and party music.   Gambling is cheaper too with $3 black jack.  Located inside Hooters, is the Mad Onion restaurant.  Mad Onion serves a very good prime rib dinner, cooked to order prime rib, with a baked potato, steamed vegetables, and roll w/ butter for $9.95.  We ate there three nights and really liked it.  Hooters is a 3-star hotel,  presenting 4-star value.  Hooters is a Vegas frat house oriented party hotel.  If you've come to Vegas to party, eat, drink on the cheap, to enjoy the strip and just need your room to serve as "home base" to recharge, than Hooters is your place.  If you want the luxurious Vegas hotel room experience, stay elsewhere and pay a lot more.
4	I was very happy with my visit to Hooters. The price was very reasonable for being next to the strip. The Hooters restaurant is open 24 hours, bonus!!! The rooms were very nice and clean. They have a very big pool area which is also 24hours. The casino itself is kind of small. My only real gripe is I went to go order a carry out around 3pm and I had to wait about 8 minutes before the bartender was able to take my order, they were definetly understaffed. Overall, I would definetly stay here again. For the people that complain about the resort fee, its a part of life in Vegas and most casinos charge it. Even with the resort fee this hotel was still a great value.
1	This hotel is full of people that don't sleep and look cracked out. Went to hooters restaurant and the hostess ladies were chit chatting and instead of seating us when they saw us they kept talking. Literally we checked the bed for bugs because this hotel is so gross.
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews. This was my first time in Vegas, and I thoroughly enjoyed what little time I spent here. The price was phenomenal for being basically on the strip. Even better were the views from the room (on the Strip side).The rooms were nothing special, a little worn and dated decor. The bathroom was clean and the bed comfortable enough. If you are going to Vegas to sit in your hotel room and order room service then do not come here. If your in Vegas to see the sights, view the shows, or gamble; then why do you need a 5-star hotel?! No need to spend $200 per night for a room you might spend 6 hours a day in. The staff was respectful and courteous throughout the stay. We called for some extra towels one evening, they were at our door within 5 minutes.There was a house band at night all weekend in the restaurant (great female lead vocalist) and a bikini contest on Saturday.I have never thought of Hooters as a "Family" restaurant, nor do I feel this is a family oriented hotel. So leave the kiddies at home for this one. This is were I will stay for future visits.
2	So if u trying to stay close to the strip without paying strip fees then this is the Hotel for you. However, some of the customer service is bad. Some of the staff wasn't as nice as others. Also our television in the room never worked. I posted a picture by the way of the screen. Also I called for room service and no one ever answered. I would only stay here again if I was desperate.
3	Second trip to vegas, we were trying to keep the trip to a smaller budget. This hotel was great, clean rooms, great customer service, and great off-strip location. It's right next to the Tropicana and across the street from the MGM, so it takes mere minutes to get to the strip. There's no food court and very limited restaurant options, but the mad onion is decent and inexpensive. You get free bottled water in your room every morning, which is great. This isn't the ritz, but at $20/night on my stay, you can't beat the price or the location and this hotel was a bit dated but very clean and comfortable.
3	You know the old saying, you get what you pay for? This definitely applies to the Hooters hotel. The price is so cheap and the hotel has the bare minimum. I went with friends and we all split the room and it was practically free. The location isn't that great because it's kind of far from everything but you walk a lot in Vegas anyways. I've been to Vegas so many times and I definitely wouldn't put this place on the top of my list but it was a memorable experience. We had dinner at the restaurant and the food was okay. The service wasn't that great.If you want to do Vegas cheap then you should stay here. You're never really in your room anyways so who cares.
5	Props to our server Callie, and the manager mike lee for the awesome service thank u  for taking care of us!!! great experience!!!
1	Took 28 minutes to get a buffalo chickenSandwich. Awful service. Highly don't recommend spending your hard earned dollars at this dump.
3	Food was good. Also try some shrimp with your meal. They have pretty good customer service. I would come back again
3	We did not stay here just came to eat & gamble... The casino is on the smaller side the restaurant was decent.
1	Would never walk into this place ever again! food is horrible, service is even worse! Dont do it! avoid this place like the plague...
3	Yes, the rooms are old.  The internet access is extremely slow and patchy in places.  Service varies, with stellar performance by the male pool bartender (gave us a tip- of all the frozen drinks Hooters serves, the Rum Punch has the most alcohol, versus the Pina Colada which has almost none) and lacking performance by the female bartender inside the Hooters restaurant (not even a smile - what's up with that?).HOWEVER:1) Summer special when booking online - $32 for the night, not including resort fees (about $14) and taxes.  This included:a) Two free frozen alcoholic drinks b) Platter of 10 free wingsc) $10 free slots play d) $10 free "match play"2) Sign up for a free card to play in the casino (necessary for your free slots play), and you'll get another coupon for $5 free "match play" and $5 free (price of a beer) at the restaurant.3) Check in offer at the bar - a free beer of your choice if you check in on Facebook or Twitter.  Sit at the bar and everyone in your party can check in apparently.4) Sign up for text messages from Hooters, and guess what? Another free plate of 10 wings!5) Sit at the bar when it's almost show-time, and there's a possibility a hypnotist will run by and hand you two free tickets.So, overall, we made more money off Hooters during this trip than they made off us. This is my first time to Vegas, but I'm pretty sure this isn't how it's supposed to work. Definitely worth a stay if you're a fan of good financial decisions.
1	This place smells like ass and I don't think anyone ever fixes anything that's broken there.  Or cleans anything. Stay away.
2	Hooters restaurant is like it is everywhere.  Crap.  The ladies had no hooters themselves.  The food is never great.  The hotel room was not great had an iron burn on the carpet rooms need to be updated and they charge u for drinks when your gambling.  Ok if you can get the room really really cheap
3	we didn't stay or gamble here. we only came in for some late night food and happened to see a live band as well.the restaurant is small but it was nice for the live entertainment. the band itself wasn't that good but they were entertaining. our server was super nice and attentive. we both just got some apps, good but nothing special.
2	Ok so if u are looking for a place that is on the strip, cheap and has a nice pool here u are but also know you are getting a super smelly, dirty hotel. I had soap scum in the bath tub, I needed to dig shit out of the drain and the floor had God knows what caked all over it. Super out dated place the casino was blah and there was no entertainment  worth checking out. Also for a place that is suppose to have "hot girls" there where very few that fit the hooters stereotype.
3	I stayed here in early June for my mini vacation. The hotel room was decent. I also enjoyed my solitude time at the pool.I am still not impressed with the overall experience. When I ordered from the restaurant, the servers were not too friendly. The lady who took my order gave me attitude. I wish I could remember her name. I felt like the hotel personnel was only there for a paycheck. I will not stay here again unless I was better compensated.
1	Sooooo slow. Super dated, food was OK, thought this would be a holy grail Hooters to visit. Now I relaize there is a reason its at the end of the strip and not in the middle.
4	The hotel itself was dated, but they do have decent restaurant and nice looking girls.  With the price you are paying, you won't get a five star ambience, come on, 80 (including the resort fee) per day or less for a low season.  The only caution I would give is that some customers who stay there don't look normal.  But other than that, nice girls, nice pool, ok food, ok casino.  What more can you ask for living a block away from strip and paying less than half of the price of most hotels' or motels' costs?  I can guarantee that motel 6 or howard johnsons are most definitely not comparable to here.  It is safe to live here and convenient if you happen to need to come to Vegas for business trip or just for weekend get away..
1	Do NOT stay here! Our 1st room was infested w/roaches ( 2 swimming for their lives in the toilet and 2 in the corners of the room hiding.) Our room was dingy, dirty, and old!.... We were upgraded to the "Tower" w/ a view to the strip, bfd.... The air conditioning unit sounds like a lawnmower, our toiletries were have used, the ice bucket broken and NO alarm clock.Will Never stay here again
3	Only gambled here.If you are the type who enjoys hole in the wall, no frills casino, this is the spot for you. Cheap tables and comped stiff drinks compliment the worn carpet well. I would have probably stayed a little longer here but got cleaned out quick. Otherwise, it was nice being somewhere that I did not have to lay down 20 bucks every hand.
1	Oh lord, where do I begin? !  This hotel is a complete crap hole.  The room was disgusting.   My husband got there a day before me and had to call housekeeping to come fix the taco shaped bed and air conditioner/box from 1980 that wasn't working.   The excessive stains ON THE CEILING were really disturbing.   Oh yeah,  the cracks in the ceiling were pretty awesome too.  How long has this hotel been there?  Since like 1975?  It's one thing to look OLD, I can deal with old and outdated decor.  But DIRTY?  Come on now.  The room was filthy.   The dust bunnies HANGING down from the top of the bathroom mirror really grossed me out.  I have never thought about bringing my own bathroom cleaners to a hotel but holy crap, I should have at least bought Lysol wipes while at CVS.  I would highly recommend staying some place else.  The pool would have some potential if the freaking concrete was hosed off.  There was a layer of dirt all over the nasty concrete.  Oh, yeah, and what the hell is that smell?!  I didn't realize the nasty scent Vegas sometimes has is actually coming from the Hooters Hotel.   Even a large amount of alcohol couldn't help make this place look better!
3	Coming to Vegas for a convention and reserved at the Hooter's Hotel. Checking in was no problem; however, were a bunch of unsavory characters lurking around and following me. When I get to my room, turns out the balcony door had no lock or bar on it, so I'm afraid to get a good nights sleep. Eventually after contacting the front desk, the maintenance man to fix it with a screw driver. There was a nice pool area with a water fall which I enjoyed. It's located at the south end of the strip across the street from the MGM Grand hotel. If you are planning to catch the Monorail inside of the MGM Grand you will have to cross over the busy street to do so. I rate this a 3 overall.
2	This place pretty much sucks..this is my first time staying in a old type hotel coming to vegas...hooter girls were pretty much nasty.not like the ones out in cali. ..won't be staying here again ...
1	So we have been here for about 35 minutes and we have not even receive water, there not even pack and the waitress seem like they are just lounging around. So rude.
2	Stayed here for two nights on 4th of July weekend ! Our first room was not too shaby. It was reasonably clean and comfy, however the bed frame was broken and sticking out from under the bed and it cut me. After complaining and doing an incident report we were moved to a room on the 17th floor. This room had more floor space but looked beat up. It was very dirty, part of the wall was broken, and the sink and shower were backed up. Also this room had a coffee maker but no coffee, only sugar and cream packets. Lame. So finally after settling into our second room we got a rewards card for gambling. When we signed up we got a coupon book for a total of 10$ off our meal at Hooters, a 15% coupon for the gift shop, and a couple of gambling related coupons. The pool was descent. There was a DJ, beer pong, ping pong, corn hole, a waterfall, and a bar. I was stoked at how cheap the bar was. Vegas charges up the ass for drinks but this bar at the Hooters pool was great. The rooms were some of the cheapest on the July 4th weekend and the location is great, hopefully won't need to stay there again though.
5	Hooters is Heaven!  Thank you so very much, Kelly, Xavier, Nicole and Trisha at Pete & Shorty's.  The Sierra Nevada (and the water) never stops!  And thanks, too, to Trevor in The Saloon.  That spicy garlic sauce was right on the mark!  Please, Hooters Management Team, give all these guys a big fat raise!Update:  Even though Trisha said I shouldn't, I'm adding Joe to the list of outstanding bartenders at Pete & Shorty's.  Thanks, Joe!  He needs a big fat raise, too!
2	When I had made reservations on the phone we were told that we qualified for some free summer promotions, which was exciting. We arrived at the hotel the day of our stay and was then told we could not have the things promised to us because we needed to make reservations online for those perks and that there employee misinformed us. They didn't even attempt to honor it even though it wasn't our fault. We get to our room which at first glance looked in decent shape. We started inspecting the beds (because I always check for bed bugs) and thankfully the beds were clear of any sign of bed bugs, however we did find pubic hairs and what seemed to be sliced cheese on the mattress it's self.. Pretty gross. There was also loose M&M's on the floor that house keeping didn't care to pick up. The price of the hotel was perfect if your not expecting much.
5	I had a great experience her. Server was nothing bad to have around. We were there super late and just had some wings and beers to finish off the night. It's tucked away in the actuall hooters casino witch is a smaller casino but great place to lay your at at lower prices than some of the bigger hotels. Take them to go and munch on them in the morning when the hangover kicks in. Helped me!
1	This place is dirty. Worst customer service ever. We called room service and we never seen them. We stayed in room 308 for 4th of July. The room was smelling real bad. The bathroom was very dirty and mods around. Dont spend your money here. I have pictures of the room and I will upload them if it let me.
5	We went there with our friends from Germany to watch the amazing 7:1 soccer game. The food was great but our server LINDSEY was even greater! Super nice, patient, always a smile on her face and a great server! She made a good experience a great one. THANKS LINDSEY!!!!
1	Worst customer service. Chris who works at the front desk is rude and a jerk. Booked a room with a king for the weekend without the kids. They gave us a room with two doubles with no apologies and Chris made it seem like we were inconveniencing him for asking about the room. He did not smile the entire time and gave us an attitude. The room smelled and the towels smelled like cigarettes. The water in the tube wouldn't drain and there was toothpaste on the wall. The ac rattled and shook the room. This place was worst than a motel in ghetto. Beware!!!
1	Never again!!! This is Hooters so I knew it would be bad, but I never thought it would be this disgusting. We found a deal on Vegas.com and we needed a room for just one night. Rooms are from the 80's. Sink would not drain, yay for brushing your teeth in the shower! Shower drained very slowly. Large greasy handprint on the headboard. They claimed it was a no smoking room yet it reeked of old cigs and the carpet was full of burn marks. The A/C unit was so loud it sounded like a freight train, then suddenly it started to smell and we literally thought it was catching on fire!!!! Pool was closed until further notice. We complained and they agreed to remove the $14 resort fee. Do yourself a favor, pay the extra money and stay at a nicer place on the strip. We couldn't wait to get home and shower!!!
1	This hotel is so outdated. so you know the saying "you get what you pay for?" We'll that's definitely Hooters guidelines. Went with friends for a quick gateway and decided to go cheap on our rooms. Big mistake. Minutes after getting settled we had to request a new room. Bathroom sink was so backed up it smelt like a broken sewage pipe. *barf* "sorry for the inconvenient but we're going to have to give you an evening shitty room".. Is basically what happened. After traveling for 4hours this was the last thing I wanted to deal with. No refrigerators in rooms. That's an extra $25 p/n. AC is really loud and rattles. Old school tube television. My friend even got stuck in the elevator. Lol that was actually funny because she was totally buzzed and had a Final Destination moment. RUNDOWN hotel. For sure. 24 hour pool hours but mainley occupied by kids. Customer service: horrible! Staff at the front desk are extremely rude. In short: Don't do it!!!!!! If you have afford paying a few more dollars, do so!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
3	My friends and I stayed here for one day from Sunday night to Monday morning.  Room was around $30....very cheap, especially for being on the strip.The place is what you would expect from a hotel owned by Hooters....not very clean and mediocre.Rooms were cozy but the beds were very cheap and springy.  I didn't use the showers because I was traumatized after reading all of the cockroach stories so I stayed away from the bathroom in general as much as I could.In the morning, the housekeeping lady knocked on our door at around 10 a.m.  Checkout was at 12 p.m.  We told her we didn't need it but she opened our door anyways using her own card and barged in....talk about rude!  We told her our checkout is at 12 p.m. and she left.Tip:  Remember to sign up for the player's card.  You get $10 worth to play on the slots (if you put a dollar in), $5 worth to match your $5 on table games, and a $5 off food items from Hooters or Mad Onion (another restaurant that is in there).Also, if you check in on FB, you get a free pint of beer (I got Blue Moon).  If you text a specific number they give you, you get 10 free wings.  Lots of freebees but they don't let you combine all of the coupons together.Our order literally took over an hour to arrive.  We ordered 20 wings and 2 orders of fries....how hard is that....  On a positive note, they comped us $10 for being late and $10 more for checking in on facebook (apart from the beer) so that was cool.  They also had live music playing and the gentlemen and the lady playing were quite good.  I told them to play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and they sang the sexiest version of it I have ever heard.I also used their $10 free slot play to win $40.  So, basically, I stayed there for free, and took money from them.  Great day.
4	While we were staying at the MGM Grand in Vegas, we were looking around for deals on food and drinks.  We walked over to Hooters casino (which is basically right across the street from MGM on the back side).  We were happy we went!  The drinks weren't that cheap when we got there, but the environment was fun and the dealers were great.  The table games have a slightly lower minimum than many other casinos on the strip.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that we won $400 at roulette!  If you are on the southern end of the strip, definitely check it out!
4	Spent a couple nights here and enjoyed my stay. Let me forewarn all you picky yelpers, THIS IS NOT THE ARIA OR BELLAGIO OR THE WYNN. With that being said, don't freak out about how "outdated" the rooms are or how some paint was peeling. You paid one of the lowest rates on the strip. That means you get what you pay for. And for that ~$27/night, you got a great deal. Let's face it, nobody stays at hooters for the ambiance and decadence of the hotel. We stay so we can gamble what we saved on room rates, drink free drinks at the tables, and knock out a few wings. The hotel is pretty centrally located. Simple walk to the MGM, Bellagio, Aria, and some other popular casino/hotels. I must say, I expected for hooters girls to be around. There were only a handful of ladies in hooters attire working tables. Instead, there were uniformed men and women with 2...maybe 3 classic hooters girls dealing. With that being said, still a great place and if not, just take the short walk to another casino!
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! I booked a king strip view room and although the view of the MGM and Tropicana was nice, the room wasn't. Carpets stains, toilet ghost flushing and running constantly all night and A/C kept waking me up when it shut off. This property blows! The analog TV was fuzzy and the bed was too firm for my liking.  The Hooters girls look bored when dealing and don't even smile. The Hooters restaurant also has a poor staff and manager. I wait to be seated and nobody tells me anything, so I seated myself. I order boneless and I get traditional. To top it all off....I booked my room through a popular third party website and at checkout I ask for the total and I am billed a higher price. I tell the employee at the front desk that INCLUDING A RESORT FEE it should be lower (RESORT FEE???? This is no resort) and she just smirks. I ask her to please find out why I'm being billed a higher price and after she kept me waiting forever and she finally comes back and says there was an "error." No apology. Again this is the Las Vegas of today. Poor customer service. I will never in my life go back to that horrible Hooters hotel in Vegas. It needs to be imploded like many others have been before it. I don't care how cheap it is or close to the strip it is. Stay away!!!!
4	I have given Hooters 4 stars because sometimes you need to remember you get what you pay for. First off Hooters casino is budget option style accommodation, not meant to compete with the Bellagio, Palazzo etc. Our room was clean the bed comfortable. The pillows were a bit hard and odd shaped but hey you can't have your own bedding when traveling. The A/C was very loud also but other than that we were very happy with the room. The pool was great, the area only gets sun till 2-3pm so hit it early. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The summer bonus items; 10 free wings, free money for slotz which we won $120 was great and the $1 for $1 on the tables up to $15 was great. They offer you many great add ons and also offer free wifi resort wide which I didn't get when I stayed at Planet Hollywood for 4 times the price!The location is only a small walk from the strip. It's opposite MGM and you can walk through there to access the strip.If you want to save some money or just don't have a tonne of it, this casino resort is a great option.
4	I give it 4 stars I love the slots here. Everyone is friendly & kind. The games/slots are fun. I been here a few times and it's so much fun I will return.
1	Worst place in Vegas! Don't waste your money here. The rooms are dirty, the bathrooms disgusting. They left us Keurig k-cups with no coffee maker and a present in the toilet and we had to shower with flip flops. We were better off staying at Motel 6, at least their rooms are clean. This place is dingy and run down, even their wooden floors are falling apart. The hostesses at the restaurant are rude and so are the waitresses. They had maybe 3 or 4 tables and the rest of the place was empty and yet they were making us wait like 15 mins to be seated and when we went to go sit in the bar area they pretty much kicked us out and said we had to be seated by a hostess even though it clearly says on the door that the bar area is for self seating. Just awful. Never coming back here, I'll have hot wings at Hooters back home.
3	I spent the weekend here and left Hooters feeling that I would stay there again if necessary. That said I am an outdoors type of guy and I adapt to things quickly. Hotel and room has an odd smell near the pool. I either got use to it or it went away because I only noticed it during check in. Bed was clean and room was tidy. AC is pretty loud and I can see how it can annoy guests but I slept well anyways. Pool is 24 hours and people seemed to be having fun(I didn't go in person) throughout the night. You can tell that the casino and room are older I feel they do make an effort to keep it clean and maintained but have given up on renovation. First time I flushed the toilet it seemed clogged so I emptied a trashcan filled it with water and got it to work that way but after that no issues with it. My plan was to spend time at MGM and in that sense the Casino great for the price.
2	This is a review of the Hooters Restaurant.  I have to say, for a place that is known for its WINGS, these were the worst ever!  I ordered Medium sauce.  There wasn't any.  And while I was a.o.k. with waiting for 30 minutes to take my order home, all the people around me were complaining about the service and food.  I actually had to put my own buffalo sauce on the wings when I got home as there was nothing on the wings.  Not sure what was going on, off night, bad cooks.  The bartendress and bartenders did there best but whoever was in the kitchen should have been shot!  I will say that the cob salad was great.Might not go back to the casino because of this.
2	Although our server was great and the hottest one there, the rest were very rude. Really did not live up to the hype we were looking forward to.  Food OK.
1	I don't see myself as picky. The check in was not a nice experience to begin with. The girl at the counter was very rude. Maybe she was tired since it was 3 am, but that is not an excuse since I was the customer. (Really bad beginning). I was given 2 bungalows next to the pool. Yes, rooms were really outdated to the point that a scary movie can be filmed there. I was okay with that but then more things started accumulating. No hot water in the room, a pile of garbage at the entrance of the building (including a cockroach), no fridge as listed on the hotel's website, no hair conditioner. My conclusion, Motel 8 is a better place than this since its same but cheaper.
4	4 stars for having a $3 blackjack table (one, singular)4 stars for having $5 card tablesNever stayed here.Haven't eaten here.Super chill dealers.Not tons of room to gamble.Crowded tables.Super mixed crowd in terms of everything...Trying to gamble for cheap and get drunk? Yeah come here.
4	People that complain about this place has champaign taste with beer money.     It's a really nice place for $20 a night.     24 hour pool, you can't beat that!
4	I've only ate here but the establishment seemed nice for what it is. It is a hooters. The food tasted like any other hooters and it was good. The drinks were well priced during happy hour, which started at 2pm. The waitresses are gorgeous, another reason to check out the hooters while in Vegas.
5	I'm reviewing the Hooters restaurant/bar that's in the casino. (Not reviewing the hotel or casino itself)Hooters is extremely close and convenient for when I get off of work around midnight. My friend and I went there for some cheap prime rib, assuming the Mad Onion was still open. Unfortunately, even though it was Friday night, the Mad Onion was closed. The only thing open that served food was the Hooters bar and restaurant so we dragged our feet there, expecting the worst.Usually when I go to the 'open all night' restaurants in the casinos, either the food or service is terrible, and I just assume it's because of the late hour and the servers and kitchen staff have already mentally checked out.We were actually pleasantly surprised. The food was amazing. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with teriyaki sauce and fries and my friend got a cheesesteak sandwich. I can't convey enough how much this wasn't your typical late night food. Everything tasted so fresh and delicious. My friend said it was one of the best cheesesteaks he has ever had.The service was even better. Given the hour and locale, we just expected sub par service. Our server, Karissa, was pleasant, enthusiastic and very helpful. (She obviously loves her job. Getting served by someone who hates their life is never fun.) She checked on us regularly and made our Hooters experience that much more enjoyable. Someone get that girl a raise.I'm happy to say that I found a new post-work eatery and will definitely be back.
4	Must wanted to say thank you to Lindsay and Kelsey from the bar. Excellent service and very attentive.My Partner in Dining (PID) went here recently for a small lunch. It was about 11:30am and we ended up here by accident because my PID took a wrong turn. Definitely worth it!We were immediately able to get seats at the bar. Lindsay quickly greeted us and took our drink orders. We got two pints of Blue Moon ($6 each) to start.Afterwards we ordered the honey chipotle wings with bleu cheese and a side of curly fries. The place was fairly busy, but it seemed that everyone was getting taken care of. Lots of birthdays were being celebrated so there was lots of singing.Our food arrived within 10 minutes of ordering. The wings and fries hit the spot and went down well with the Blue Moon.The restaurant is very clean, and able to accommodate larger parties. What's also great is the food is affordable. Yes the location is on the south end of the strip, but if you need some good old wings, you can't go wrong.On tap I believe in addition to Blue Moon there's Coors and Red's Apple Cider (that's a first). There were others but I don't quite remember them.Until next time, Wing Wednesday is every day!
2	stayed here for the weekend and it was surprisingly a little better than i expected. the rooms were fairly clean but you can tell everything was dated. the carpets definitely need to be replaced, they had all kinds of cigarette burns in them. the outlet in our bathroom didn't  work so we couldn't use any hairstyling tools. they have a vanity but it has no light and no outlets near it? the beds were super comfy though! i have to say the best beds i've ever had in a hotel. we had a cute little balcony that surprisingly opened! we ate at the hooters restaurant and that has got to be the WORST service i've had. my friends and i literally got the WORST table in the place. i'm not trying to say it in a way to offend anybody but the table we got looked like it was meant for someone handicapped because it was so low, it was in the corner and all the tables around us were high tops. wtf is that? the food didn't  even come in order, the entrees got there before the apps. leave it up to hooters to be the ONLY place in vegas to treat their guests like crap because the majority were girls. the food wasn't very good either, we ended up switching one of our orders of wings for something else. our waitress was very rude too she was giving us attitude and made it seem like she didn't  want to be serving us. no smiles, and I'm sure i saw her roll her eyes. we got charged a $60 resort fee.... ha! resort? i don't understand why they would charge so much! maybe if they updated the place and got more amenities i wouldn't mind. one cool thing is the pool is open 24/7.
2	The worst hooters I ever ate. Wings were over-cooked, I was sick the next day from what I ate.. Just was not GOOD, the place is dirty and smells of rotten, moldy smoke.However, our waitress was superb, that's the reason for 2-stars.The hooters at Sunset Station and the others around the valley are much more appetizing.
5	Let me start off by saying I'm not giving this hotel 5 stars because it's the top of the line hotel here in vegas. I'm giving it 5 stars because I walked in with very low expectations but honestly it's not that bad. It's not the best but hey for the price it's good to me. Not far from the strip at all. I booked this hotel because my sis is law recommended it. Long story short, they ended up backing out on the vegas trip so I invited my friends. The whole time I kept telling them it was very cheapy and gross hotel (because of the reviews I read) . We walked in, had trouble checking in because we booked through expedia. My name wasn't on the reservations, took about 30 mins but whatever. It wasn't hooters fault. We got to our room and it was pleasantly clean. Restroom was clean as well. Anyway, I had a nice stay. Definitely coming back to stay here if im on a budget.
3	Their wings have gone down in quality. Maybe it's just this location but the butter/oil in wing mix was rancid... Tasted like barf. The girls are nice as always so it's a push.
2	The only reason they get two stars is for the restaurants. This place is definitely a dive. The shower had hair everywhere. Warning especially to the ladies...While in the bathroom I noticed light coming from the bathroom exhaust vent which didn't seem normal. I stood on the toilet and looked through the vent and I could see right into the bathroom of the next room over. Probably a good place to stay if you're a college kid but definitely not good for families and mature adults.
3	It was nice for the price. The room was very clean but the bathroom was very out dated and the shower would not keep a constant temperature. Upon check out the elevator broke down so I had to walk down 9 flights of stairs with my luggage. Room service was quick and the staff that I spoke with were very pleasant.
2	Spent 5 hours at the pool with friends. 3pm till 8:pm. I  was not impressed. It was dirty and unkept. Trash blowing all over cups and garbage in the pool. Towels on chairs all over with no people using them. The outside pool bar closed at 7:. Food was ok winged were meh, fried pickles had little flavor (but moist), Curley fries were soggy. Drinks weren't bad, $10 for red bull vodka isn't horrible.
1	Stayed here for a weekend.  Building is so run down.  Building has to be 50 years old.  Looks like they bought the building with old tvs and old furniture in it and slapped the Hooter logo on it. Was expecting the same experience I get when I have gone to their restaurants.  The AC in the room was so loud from the rattling all night.  We called rooms service for some late night food but after waiting 45 min I called and they told me they lost my order.  Staying at a motel 6 would have been better.
2	Room was $24 with $15 resort fee. You definitely get what you paid for. They get an A+ for only charging $24/night because this is just a bigger motel. It definitely needs remodeling! It's old. We got a voucher for 10 free wings. It definitely was that. I've always been told Hooters were known for their wings and these wings were the absolute worse wings! You can tell it was either re-fried or old and extremely salty and hard!!! I guess that's why they offered it for free. I could barely eat it. Luckily we ordered fries with it and walked down the street to DJ's Taco Bar and filled our tummy's.
1	Wait forever to sit then to be waited on not to mention the servers have major attitudes. Just wearing short shorts doesn't cut it, how about customer service? If your drunk and stupid then this is great eye candy..there's a hooters in Orange County where the customer service is #1 compared to this dump. It's amazing here in Las Vegas you can have a bad time somewhere. Whoever runs this restaurant should be fired and get someone who knows what a restaurant should be. This place is a joke and I will never be back here  again. Do yourself a favor if you want to be treated like nothing and have slow service for mediocre food then come here when in Las Vegas. Ask waitress 30 min later abt order..keep very very very low expectations coming here and maybe you'll enjoy yourself. Sadly tho place kills it for all hooters I'll never go back to the ones near home either. Maybe some general anger somewhere will figure it out and make it better. Paying $$ for Shiite food and bad service really sucks. Go anywhere else but here, even a crappy continental breakfast is preferable to this place.
4	* I didn't stay at the hotel *Been to Vegas three times and back to this casino 2/3 of the visits. I like the tables here because they aren't directly on the strip so they don't seem to up the minimum drastically, it's just a little tough to get a seat sometimes. If ya can't get a seat then go grab some wings!
1	Terrible service,  wings are not good and the girls aren't even that hot. Would highly recommend not coming here. I personally will never come back
2	I Said I Would Never Be Back And I Came Saturday Night...We Did A Last Minute Spontaneous Vegas Trip For Labor Day Weekend And Didn't Book Anything...Hooters Was The Cheapest At $170 A Night. We Checked In And The Receptionist Girl Had No Sense Of Happiness She Seemed Like She Hated Her Job. We Stayed In The Bungalow Rooms Which Are Outside to The Left Of The Pool. They Were Basic Nothing Fancy...We Went Out That Night And Didn't Get Back To The Room Until 7am All I Wanted To Do Was Get Some Rest Before We Headed To The Pool Party Madness...Well Let's Just Say That Didnt Happen...Hooters Decided To Play There DJ Pool Music Starting At 8am It Was Ridiculous I Couldn't Sleep It Was So Loud It Was Like I Was Outside Right There. Needless To Say As Much As This Place And I Have A Love Hate Relationship I Always Find Myself Here The Rooms Are A Good Price...Maybe The Next Time Will Be A Third Times Charm
2	Place is super cheap and need tons of Upgrades. We thought we were getting a cheap price but came out to a lot. Extra fees like anywhere else. When we walked in the room the rugs looked so bad I didn't want to take my shoes off, sink was clogged, shower wasn't working and I found random hair on the bed. Walls are paper thin so you can hear everything... everything. Staff was nice and helpful. All in all you get what you pay for. I'll save my money for a nicer hotel.
2	Just stepped in our room to room 628 about an hr ago & first thing we see is, dirty towels on the restroom floor, hair, no bag in the waste basket, no clean towels, there was make up glitter on the counter. First time here & its upsetting to walk into a room that u would at least expect to be descent. Here for our anniversary with the bf and first time im Vegas together. The cleaning lady was very polite, she shouldn't have had to pick up for someone else's half done job!!
5	We visit this Hooters on our annual trip to Vegas.  I have to let everyone know how Michelle saved us from never coming back.  Bree was great too!
1	Big Black bugs in my bungalow room. They moved us up to a tower room.. the toilet was broken... Then moved us to a suite and housekeeping went through our stuff and took a pack of cigarettes. Staff rude. The only thing they got going is the wings. Will NEVER stay there again.
4	Hooters is always good when it comes to wanting some finger licking good chicken wings and things! Came to this location this past weekend with a group of friends and had a pleasant experience for the most part! After all it was like after 1AM on a Saturday night so I figured it would be busier than what it really was! Our waitress was very nice but slow at checkin in on us to refill waters and other drinks, they weren't busy enough for me to want to cut the slack I could possible cut.. Anyways the good was great we all enjoyed the boneless wings and I have to recommend the buffalo chicken dip it's AMAZING!! I literally would come here now just for this dip and for an appetizer it's a very decent size and believe that it's priced accordingly! Will return !
1	Is there a Negative-star rating on this Hotel..didnt let me post my review with out selecting a star :(.. Sooooo Disappointed but thats what i get for booking last minute Nasty restrooms floors  it smells walls really out dated and price 2 high for one night.... willl never ever stay here or recommend it 2 no 1 Motel 6 is prob way better
4	If you are at Hooters for the boobs or the chicken...you're in the right spot. If you are there to gamble or actually hang out...there are better options. (like the strip ACROSS the street)You go to Hooters to look at the boobs and eat their wings! Don't mess up the rotation! lol
1	First time staying here and it will be that last. The iHeart Radio concert was going on and room rates were nuts. Hooters was the cheapest option on the strip and now I know why. I've never seen a cockroach in a Vegas room... now I have. We stayed for two days and our room was never cleaned. We did not have the do not disturb hanging, so I don't understand why they would not clean our room. The hotel is small and it can be difficult to find a seat at a table on the casino floor when it's busy. The only thing that I liked about the hotel is the restaurant. I ate wings both days.
3	Actual rating is a 2.5Bed 1/5 Mattress is hard.Room 2.5 Kind of clean. Noticed a mystery spot in the corner of the room. Room has an old clock and a clunky TV. Not sure if the clock and TV is part of the room "decoration". Not enough outlets. The one outlet by the bed was broken. Room has a desk area. Also it has a Keurig machine-bring along some Keurig pods!!! There is air conditioning in the room in the form of a wall unit. It works well but it is very noisy. Walls are thin. Shower warmed up quick and had great pressure. I suggest bringing your own soap. The soap provided is not that great and has an overpowering smell. Proximity 4/5 Close to the strip. MGM and New York New York are within walking distance.Price $$Overall Free Parking and Internet. A resort fee will be added at checkout. This hotel is close to the airport! If you are not looking for glamour or glitz and just looking for a place to catch a few winks you can't go wrong with this hotel.
3	Hooters Hotel is exactly what you think it is. The image you have in your mind thinking of an expanding Hooters restaurant into a larger casino with rooms is spot on. They serve wings 24/7 which is great. So there are some great positives...1) The casino is small but because it is not huge the smoke is kept to a minimum and you arent walking through large clouds of smoke2) Their pool is very nicely organized and great for kids3)  $29 rooms are simple and affordable. No bells & whistles except for the coffee machine and TV. Which usually doesn't matter because all you do is sleep in them4) Free parking & Valet with room . You may not think this is important but it is huge.5) Just off the strip but close enough you can walk easily6) HOT showersSome meh's1) Despite being close to the airport you really cannot hear the airplanes so dont let that be a deterrent2) The room is like your college dorm. 4 Walls, a TV, beds and a desk. I had to ask 3 times for a chair to the desk. Do not expect a refrigerator and if you want one it will be $25/night. Considering we paid $29/night for the room, we just brought coolers and used their free ice. Saved a lot of time and money.3) Our beds had no bed bugs. yay!4) Thermostats were solid5) The TV is an old Zenith style..no HDMI for cheating on the laptop with moviesFinally, of course, negatives...1) Free, albeit slow compared to what you are used to, WIFI2) Resort fee of $15/night NOT included in booking.com regardless of what booking said (this is for the wifi, parking)3) Not a lot of hang out options and no buffet option4) Cell service in the rooms is terrible. I was gonna cheat on the wifi by hooking up my cell to the lappy but it got worse coverage. Again you probably dont care since you wont be in the room too often5) DO NOT believe booking sites. We asked for a king bed and got 2 queens. Here is the real thing: it's $29/night .So if you are looking for an inexpensive place to crash and plan on doing things elsewhere, this is a good deal. If you are looking for the extras like a spa or resort you will be very disappointed. Great for kids..great for singles..terrible for the rich & famous.
1	Dirty rooms, rude staff, adolescent patrons.  Made the mistake of staying here for the night cause closer to airport and everything else was booked (should have been my first warning).  Looked out window - nice muddy view of pool and I think MGM - could not be sure (need to wash windows).  Beds were lumpy and we tried to keep everything off floor - just nasty.  When we got home, everything went right into the washer from garage -we were scared of bed bugs / roaches getting into our home.  Since we were staying of one night and were not big players - staff was apathetic at best.  We got in kinda late and didn't want to fight with traffic - so "ate" at the  Hooters in the casino - will write separate review but in one word - HORRID!. To add to the "fun" place was full to brim with really drunk 22 year olds.  They are loud, obnoxious and actually dangerous - we saw one pushing match and didn't feel safe; they were serving people that were so drunk they could hardly sit on the chair but as long as they put the bets down the drinks flowed.  Where was the casino security ?   Stay away, should have just gone to airport and sleep in terminal - would have been better.
4	Always a Hooters fan. Rooms are decent for the price. Nothing luxury. If you are looking for cheap and close to the strip, then this is your spot. Also if you love hot wings, then the 24 hour hooters restaurant downstairs is the spot to be!
1	We were seated promptly, but after waving my arms in the air for 20 minutes to get someones attention to take our order I had to get up and go to the hostess station to get someone to come over. We put in our order but after nearly 20 minutes I again waved my arms in the air to flag someone down, but was ignored. Looking around the restaurant it seemed a lot if people were looking around for someone to serve them. Eventually I just yelled across the restaurant at someone and asked to speak to the manager. The manager (David) came over and I expressed my disappointment in the service and told him we were leaving. He smiled and said "I want you to be happy what can I do?" I told him it shouldn't take 40 minutes to get food and his response was "what can I do to make you happy?" Really David???!!! Get me my food, offer me a comp, buy me drink, apologize, etc. etc., etc. David!  We left and ate Larabars in our room. We won't be coming to Hooters ever again.
2	We went to a great hypnosis show but were unimpressed with the casino and restaurant.  We had boneless wings in the Hooters restaurant and they were by far the worst hooters wings we have ever had.  We have had better food in other states so we were disappointed unexpectedly.  They were gooey and soft and soggy.  Very unappealing.The $3 blackjack they advertise so much was just one table out of 6. It was full the whole time we were there so we did not play blackjack.It was also very cold inside and I was wearing a short sleeved shirt and Capri pants and I almost had to leave because I was so cold.  It was 90 degrees outside guys, so your guests are dressed for warm weather!
1	Best word to describe it: gross. You honestly get what you pay for. Unfortunately we came with a big group and someone else booked the hotel. There were much better places for slightly more for the same nights. The casino lobby smelled horrible- like rancid beer. The carpets were all stained, and looked they have never been cleaned. The rooms are outdated, and the bathroom disgusting.
1	I will never stay here again, when we checked in the room we were very disappointed.  The beds are so small and they are super hard . We had no ice bucket,  not enough towels and the window was open ! That alone freak me out. We went bed pretty late. So in the morning at 930 am they were knocking, then I kind of woke up I heard the door open really ! Check out is until 12 pm. Why would you open the door when it's locked with the bolt. So I look for a not disturb sign and we didn't have one. Had to call front desk to unlock safe also. I would not recommend this place. And it kind of dirty too. A lot of misery spots. Fan in bathroom doesn't work. Bring your own soap and shampoo
3	Ehhh...whatever. Overpriced even for Hooters if you can believe it. Also serves cold beer in warm mugs. Makr sense to you? Me neither
5	There's not really a question about it, we book here when we visit. The price is unbelievable even for Vegas. Sure, it's not a luxury hotel, but it's a clean place to sleep, take a shower and watch TV. The rooms are pretty big and comfortable. We like to rent a car and there's plenty of free parking. The staff is friendly, and you don't get hassled about timeshares when you walk through the lobby. The location is perfect - it's really easy to get to a grocery store or the outlet malls or get out of town to sight-see but it's also easy to walk up and down the strip if you want.
1	This is the worst hotel we've stayed at.  It's dirty, run down, and the staff doesn't care.  We checked in to our room very late in the evening.  The sliding glass door was broke and didn't lock.  We called maintenance, they came twice and couldn't fix it.  We moved to another room.  This room looked like someone puked all over the carpet.  The toilet leaked.  There was a very loud party going on next to us; which lasted until 7am.  The next night our room keys quit working.  We went to the front desk twice to get them rescanned; but they still didn't work.  We had to have security escort us to our room so we could get in.  Steer clear of this dump.
3	First impression. Acceptable. Good price even though they didn't give me a discount I was expecting as I had prepaid a night with my flight. 9th floor decent view of the pool. No flat screen or fridge. Air conditioner is from the 1980's. Great access to MGM. This is a big weekend for a bunch of conventions so the price plus location makes things acceptable. Now, time for a Fat Tuesday crawl!
4	Having stayed in the monster casinos, I now really like and choose Hooters. Not for the Hooters and the Wings, for the fabulous convenience. The Hotel is so inexpensive, and still clean and well kept. It is worn a bit, however the maintenance and upkeep is fine, just fine. It is easy to get in and out. I can self park and be less that 50 feet from the elevator and once inside it is a quick turn to the hotel rooms elevator. Unlike the giant casinos where you MUST walk and extra mile through a maze of a casino on every entrance and exit! This is so wonderful to have convenience. Next i can walk across the street and get on the LV monorail and presto I am at the convention center and it is a simple down the escalator and I am in the south hall. Fabulous! So for me as a convention goer this is my favorite choice. A block off the strip and with my monorail pass. the strip is right there and no car to drag along or try to find later. And it is next door to the airport for those who fly in!
1	Place has bad customer service. I stayed there once and the got my wings wrong 3 times. And last night the same thing happened. Will not be going back anytime soon.
1	I should have read the yelp review before booking, not sure how this place can get away with charging a daily "resort fee" of $14.95. This Motel is far from resort quality with terrible customer service from check in to the Bait Shop and the bartenders and waitresses. Not to mention we were there from thurs-Sunday and the smell of vomit never left the bar area, it didn't smell fresh it smelled like it had soaked into the carpet to remain soiled forever. The rooms are extremely out of date which could have been forgiven do to the low cost of the first two nights and the fact that you aren't in your room very much when in Vegas however when considering the rest of the poor experience we will never return.
4	Although we were scepitacal we booked through orbitz & got a great deal, but we were pleasantly surprised, the staff were friendly, fast and efficient. The rooms were clean, nice size, quite and the bathroom was very clean to, the fact that you also get complimentary water bottles was a plus. The pool area was great. The only bad thing we experienced were the hostesses at the restaurant & the food took forever to come & the prices are not worth what we got, wont go back to eat there.
2	First of all, I wasn't expecting much considering that we were staying at Hooters.  BUT there is a common "customer service" factor that should exist within every hotel be it a cheap or expensive one.   My friend and I were there for a 3-day music festival, so we were rarely in our hotel room, which gave housekeeping plenty of time every day to come into our rooms to tidy up. This only happened once and on the day before we were checking out.  The bell man who helped us to our room with all of our luggage was extremely smug and you could tell that he hated his life. Sorry dude... get a different job, don't bring me into your dislike for what you do, I didn't force you to work here.  We ordered room service a couple times.  One of the times an extremely snotty girl named Marian was more than awful to my friend and I, not only did she get the order wrong, but when we called to get it fixed she argued with us and told us that they took pictures of every order leaving the kitchen... if that was the case she would be able to see that it was wrong, but proceeded to argue before finally sending someone up with the 2 items that we needed to make it right.  Another time we were walking up to the host stand to get a menu to take to our room and the girls at the front kept saying how drunk they were and were giggling too much to pay attention to us standing in front of them.  On the plus side, the A/C works really well, the blackout curtains are a gem, and the water pressure in the shower was really on point.   We did have an older bell man that helped us take our luggage TO our car when we were leaving and that man was super helpful and friendly.  He even helped us with directions on how to get out of Vegas from where we were. I'm not sure if I would ever stay there or really recommend  this hotel to any of my friends. I've definitely stayed at a lot better hotels, so maybe I'm a bit bias as to what to expect.
3	For the price we got on Groupon, I can't complain. We don't come to Vegas to spend time in the hotel much anyway. The pool area is nice. Maybe a little updating on the interior would make it more popular. Other than that, it is definitely much better than the Motel 6.Good shower water pressure and AC, $4 coronas. Boneless wings not so great.
4	My husband and I stayed here for the first 3 nights of our Vegas vacation. At first, it seems musty and a bit off-putting but this is a GOOD hotel. I swear it.THE GOOD:- Extremely clean.- Well lit.- Comfortable / warm bed.- Walking distance to The Strip.- Extremely quiet.- Pool & exercise room looked great.- Fantastic little restaurant Coco's next door.- View from the room was really nice.- Curtains were complete black-out.THE BAD:- Casino was overly smokey/musty.- WiFi was not good. Never stayed connected.- Only one usable wall outlet (strange).- None of the food on site was affordable.The good HEAVILY outweighs the bad here.The negative reviews I've read about this hotel do seem valid in ways, but after staying at the moldy, deplorable sh*thole that is "Alexis Park All Suite Resort" I would do anything to be back at Hooters (paying far less).
2	I don't mind Hooters, the restaurant or the hotel really. A previous reviewer said to think of the hotel as an expanded restaurant - spot on. The  rooms are cheap, clean-ish, and cheap. There have been upgrades and you can tell some of the previous issues with cleanliness have been addressed. In a pinch I'd stay here, maybe. Stay away from the casino.Cheap is nice but I've been disappointed. I spent some time and money at the craps table today and I think they might be playing dirty pool. I was about 10 minutes into a roll, shooting for an 8, when I made the point. The dealer paid out myself and several others on a clearly marked 8, however as we are reaching for the money another manager told him to take all of the money back as one side of the table was marked with a 6 and our side the mark was on 8. No further explanation was given. On opening roll I was told the point was 8, dice read 8 on the first roll, I rolled an 8 for the win, but the casino didn't pay out. I kept going and hit the 6 in the end but I have no trust in the casino or management. Stay away.
1	I wish I could give this place NO stars. I booked this room on 11/8 by walking in because there was nothing else available in town. I wasn't expecting the Bellagio but I wasn't expecting a DUMP either. Walking to the elevators I had a sinking feeling that I made a bad decision. The floors are disgusting, the elevators are run down. Made it to the room to a shockingly DISGUSTING and DIRTY room. The bathroom had chipped up laminate on the floors and it looked like it REALLY needed to be mopped. Dirty looking tub. My husband flushed the toilet and for the entire 20 minutes we spent in the room, it never stopped running. The beds looked WAY worse then a motel 6 room, the carpet was badly stained, windows dirty. Husband wanted to leave immediately. I tried to convince him to stay. As we were about to leave the room to go eat because he didn't want to spend another minute there, the "AC" kicked on, rattling the walls so badly we couldn't barely hear each other talk. I tried to leave the room immediately because it was BAD, as we walked into the hallway to leave I shut the door and it popped back open. So, I tried to actually pull the door close, and it would NOT stay shut, or lock AT ALL. The lock on the inside of the door didn't even work. That was the last straw, I'm not leaving my purse or belongings in a NASTY room that I cant even lock. We grabbed our bag and left, stopped at the lobby and the front desk employee couldn't have cared less, I didn't even bother to argue with her. Drove across the street and booked a room at the MGM Signature Towers which is a million times nicer. I wouldn't stay at hooters EVER again for free, even if they took a wrecking ball to it, and rebuilt. The terrible customer service and clear disregard for the resort. You're better off staying at a roach motel by Fremont st. then here. ... and no I didn't get any refund of ANY sort, NOTHING. AND, to top it all off, valet broke the clip that closes my center console. WHY they felt the need to get in there, I'll never know, but the vehicle was returned to us with it open and broken...
2	Typical Hooters... Great wings and fries. Wings were excellent. We tried the honey wings. The burgers were dressed well but really bland. No season at all. Overall, a typical Hooters experience.
1	I could stand the shit hotel rooms and the even shittier service, like running out of baileys. But when I apparently accidentally put my money on the wrong like in craps, after putting it on the same one a ton of times in a row, and lost? I draw the line there. Such BS. Do not come here if you wanna keep your money.
2	Gross!! First of all I wasn't expecting much considering how cheap it was but wow this was by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. For starters the smell! Once I entered  the hotel I got the overwhelming smell of throw up. Am assuming someone threw up in the bar area which is right at the entrance.The hotel itself is very outdated the elevators look like something you would see in downtown L.A. I felt like I was going to get stuck a few times. The room was small and smelly the tub looked dirty and old. They charged a $16 resort fee and the wifi wasn't even working if I wasn't in a hurry the next morning I would demanded they way the resort fee. I don't recommend this hotel. I will not be staying here again.
5	When I saw that the Hooters Casino in Vegas had an average rating of 2.5 stars, I almost had a chicken-fried heart attack. Look, if you don't love Hooters restaurants, then you probably won't like the casino either. But if you're already a Hooters regular, this place is fantastic. First, you can eat buffalo wings while your dealer shuffles. The blackjack tables are cheap. Plus you're surrounded by girls in low-cut orange running shorts. So 5-stars is a no brainer if you're a smoking, boozing, buffalo-wing eating. low-stakes gambler. I can't speak to the quality of the rooms. I've only eaten and gambled in the joint. I'm sure the rooms are nicer at the Mirage, but whatever. Bottom line: Hooters breads and fries their wings -- and each one packs about 200 calories of greasy chicken. And the girls are hot. 'Nuff said. Five stars. Easy.
1	Still leaving 1 star because this place sucks... But hooters did reach out to me from my complaints on trip advisor and refunded 100% of what I was charged. So, I will give them kudos for that and handling this in a positive way for me.
2	This was my first time in Vegas. Had to book Hooters because every other hotel was sold out for the SEMA Car Show. The room was super outdated, the carpet was extremely stained with liquid substances and gum, the bathtub was blackened and dirty, and the ironing board was unusable because it had questionable stains on them. Once you enter the casino, all you can smell is vomit and urine. Had to walk in slippers in the room AND the bathroom the whole time because it was absolutely filthy. We even put all our luggage on one bed to avoid anything touching the floor. That being said, the staff was super friendly. However, it was not worth it.
5	Great for the price. Nice and cozy. Was expecting much less. Cheap and not too far from anything
2	We just spent 4 nights at Hooters hotel over the thanksgiving weekend. We were very disappointed.   We have stayed there in the past that is why we booked there again.  We won't be going back there ever again.  The hotel room was so run down.  Beds were horrible with a big dip in the middle of each bed.  Our sinks were clogged had to call maintenance.   Water pressure well there wasn't any.   You couldn't get wet if you tried.  My son is 24 and was not impressed.   He said he wouldn't even stay there again.  Not sure what has happened to the hotel in the past couple of years but obviously the hotel owners aren't interested in fixing up the place.  I gave it 2 stars for the somewhat convenient location and the wings were excellent.  Sorry Hooters you have lost a couple of customers and we come to vegas every year.
1	PLEASE for the love of your own peace, DO NOT COME HERE. Travelocity, Expedia reviews are lies. They gave this place 4 stars. I wouldnt even give this place one star.  No discount even on groupon (what i used) was worth it. This place was absolute horror. Filthy, creaky pipes at ALL hours of the night when people shower. It is really loud rattling when the pipes are in use. Carpet looks like mud pies were smeared everywhere. The only thing positive about this place was the free prime rib dinner. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad. All the reviews here are absolutely spot on. Do not come here. Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	Ruined my whole hooters experience!!!! I ordered a few things to go. It was very fast like maybe 8 to 10 minutes. When I got up to my room to eat everything was cold including the fries. I mean I only went like 10 steps to the elevator then to my room. So I brought it back and talked with the manager (a girl on duty) and she proceeded to tell me it was supposed to be cold. Lol "really because last time I checked french fries were fried lady and a toasted texas toast bread would be toasted which has heat which means would be hot too". Instead of her apologizing and just remaking my food correctly. She instead insisited on giving me my money back and apologized to me for being un satisfied with my food choice. This was thanksgiving day in the afternoon sometime. I will not ever do take out they clearly dont care about their TOGO orders.Sad Sad sad oh well.... I loved my stay at the hotel though
4	Decent and cheap. Small casino on the first floor. Off the strip. Standard outside pool. If you're on a budget this place will do.
3	The shower head and water pressure  is amazing. Don't expect much from this place. Was comped a two night stay and it was perfect for what I got being free. Place is close to MGM and NYNY. Would I stay again? Sure, if free. Ate at Hooters food joint and it was okay. Do not order original recipe on wings, unless you like your fried chicken wings bland.
3	It's pretty much what you think it would be...it was clean and relatively comfortable but definitely not somewhere to be excited about. I liked that it had good water pressure in the shower but the stream was very small so it was like getting sprayed with the garden hose attachment on the "jet" setting. The bed was decent and I didn't wake up feeling sore...so that's good. The walls are pretty thin and I'm not sure if it was just our location or what, but there was a pretty constant flow of loudly slamming doors - pretty annoying. We went on a big event weekend so it really wasn't THAT cheap for what it was. Overall not very impressed but could have been a lot worse too.
2	This is solely about the restaurant.Worst hooter's wings I have ever eaten.  Ordered hot sauce and it wasn't even medium hot.  Coating was thick and not particularly crispy.  Not yummy taste.Service was pretty good....and they had $3.00 shots of Crown Royal.Lounge band was all female, bass player was really talented, lead singer was tone deaf and substituted volume and  shaking her groove thang for talent.Awful experience, will never go back and sorry that I went in the first place.Did not bother gambling.
1	This hotel has no customer service at all!! No smiles,no nice greeting,and bad attitude at check in. (like they forced to be there) I called housekeeping as soon as we checked in because there was no remote in the room and the person that answered was rude and said "remote?? Remote for what?? I was like for the TV?? Is there something else in the room that needs a remote??? Rooms are very old but loved their beds though (at least the one we had) don't think I would stay there again
1	So we have bought a groupon room for $35, which is amazing price. It took few minutes for the order to get confirmed. Once it was confirmed we walked up to the desk to check in. But they told us that it will take a few minutes for groupon info to be transferred to their system. So after a few minutes we tried again. Then they told us that we need to wait for 30mins. Then 45 mins...which turning into a whooping 1hr 20mins.We sat on the ground because of the lack of wait seating. The service was awful. Right from the start the employee gave the "well that's too bad" attitude. It was clear she wasn't so pleased with her job and was not afraid to show it out on to the customers. When I expressed my frustration of waiting for so long the employee look at each other and have the shoulder struggle of "okay so what?" & "It's none of my concern" look. By the end of the exchange, she even started raise her voice.Who gave these women jobs in hospitality? And how are they able to keep it? They obviously have absolute no idea what hospitality is...The employee even gave speeches of how grateful we should be that she is willing to deal with us. Finally after a 1hr and 20 mins, the system was up. They try to charge us with early check-in fee and hotel resort fee. If you make a customer wait a 1hr and 20 mins at least to take off the resort fee or early check in fee! Overall, no matter how affordable this hotel is the trouble & rudeness that comes along with it is not worth it. Seriously, all that time, money, and taking attitude from the employee just to stay at a dirty hotel? And no apologizes where given at any moment of my interaction with them. Just dirty glances between the employes with a smirk on their face.
1	Worst experience here and this hotel has no customer service at all... I waited at the lobby sitting on the floor for 1 hour and the girl DANIELLE was giving me attitude. Will never come back here EVER again.
5	Can't go wrong with Hooters, and in Vegas the ladies are very sweet and beautiful. Windy is a sweet waitress from Minnesota, who made it an enjoyable time. Last day in Vegas so great to go out with a beautiful bang
1	The price was right so we decided to stay at Hooters Casino for our annual trip to Vegas.  Found a great price on groupon  and was delighted we could check in early for only $22 until we got to our room.  The hotel and casino is a little older definitely needing renovation which I don't mid the price was right, what I do mind is how dirty the room and the restaurant were!  Our room which had definitely been beat up over the years ( discolored and broken tiles on bathroom floor, very bad caulking/paint cover up around shower head and water faucet ,  dings and huge scratches on wood wall panels and furniture etc) but it could have at least been cleaned to most hotel standards.  Our tub had a 3-4 inch soap scum ring, our toilet had a very thick layer of dust and grime all over the bottom of the toilet (which is right in eye site if you are brave enough to sit in the tub), layers of dust and dirt on the top of the base board, and I found food crumbs by the slider which where there even before we ordered any food so they didn't even vacuum. If we hadn't already unpacked everything and took a red eye or we would have moved rooms in a heart beat.  Not to mention room service lost my order and then brought the wrong thing after I re ordered! Room was facing airport so it was very loud, we found if you turn on the ac and the tv you can drowned out most of the noise.   Also we ate at the Mad Onion and sat in a booth, I looked down and was shocked at how much food was between the seats! So gross looks like weeks worth of crumbs and food between the seams on the seat cushions, so un appetizing.  It just seems like this hotel/casino just has terrible housekeeping and cleaning practices.  I don't mind that it needs maintenance but it should at lease be clean.
1	Used to eat here it was always my favorite place to eat on the strip. Foods is great but due to my last experience there I'm not sure I'd ever eat there again. This short blonde hair "bitch" who happened to be the hostess that night was being really rude and ignoring my seating requests even though I was going to wait. Then she had the odasity to call me a bitch to another blonde hostess. I'm not sure if she noticed me and my boyfriend were right there... I was sure to get her name before I left MARIAH. As long as she is there I won't be coming back. Ever. Bad customer service and I just don't need that. This Vegas I expect top quality service.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #31:this place will surprise no one; if you take Hooters, and build a casino around it, voila!; it sort of has a semi-beach-joint, Margaritaville-type vibe, but I suppose so does the restaurant chain sort-of/kind-of; there is actually 1 other dining option here, but get your damn ass into the great big Hooters (no pun intended) restaurant and order up some damn chicken wings!; overall, I was disappointed that there were not scantily-clad buxom servers everywhere in the casino, so set your expecations accordingly; this is definitely a low-to-midscale type of joint with not a heck of a lot to recommend it.  It should get 2.5 stars, but I will round up because giving any Hooters only 2 stars just sounds un-American and I don't want the booby police to come after me (or maybe I do?); best craft beer bet = ha! it's Hooters, so at best it's a bottle of Sam Adams if you're lucky
1	They have bed bugs like the size of a chupacabra and I got bit in my butt by a bug and don't even get me started on the customer service.
2	Nothing special. If you looking for a place to sleep, shower and store ya luggage then this is the place. It rent for $27 a night for a reason and please expect $27 customer service as well. This is a smoking hotel so be prepared to enter your room to the smell of cig smoke covered with carpet and air freshener. Casino is small, limited toiletries in your room and they have a so call balcony but it's 15" wide, I was scared to go out there. The restaurant is a typical Hooters joint. You would expect drop dead gorgeous girls because it's Vegas right? NOPE, regular ole plain Janes. Overall, not my first pick for a return trip.
3	We went here to get some wings. I didn't like the wings that much it was ok
3	Pretty much what you wld expect... Cheaper, seedier blackjack tables and rude receptionists. Our room was fairly cheap, but they have hidden fees that they slap you with so whatever the advertised price is expect it to go up. I think they charged a pool fee or something shady like that. We didn't even use the pool...
1	Holy Crap this place is a pit. The room is old and decrepit. I thought there was blood in the bathtub drain but it turned out to be rust. I ran out of hot water half way thru my shower. They got an old Zenith tv  that my parents used to have. It's fricking 2015, get updated or die. I'm reporting you to the a-hole guy on Hotel Impossible. I'm definitely not coming back.
