1	Yuk. Everything at this place is Made In China, Made in Honduras, or Made in Pakistan and priced like it is Faberge. BOO! Hiss!
3	Selection seems decent.  I don't know why I don't like this store.  It scares me inside.  It seems all dark and crowded with people coming at me from every direction.  In short, it fires off my big-box-store-shopping-and-crowds panic attacks big-time.  The first time, I thought it was just because I'd had a very stressful week.  The second time, I decided that I just don't get along with this place and won't try a third.
3	Great value and selection... Burlington Coat factory has some amazing mark downs, but like Ross you really have to sift through the layers upon layers of clothing in order to find something worth the (discounted) price.Overall the store is laid out in sheer madness.  The different departments intersect with the super discounts and the new items all over the store.  Alas, the designer shirts, suits, and ties for the men are neat.
4	I come here all every week some times you can really find good stuff for awesome price!! You just have to search very hard..
3	This is another place where I've strangely been the duke for the past few months and I feel obligated to write a review.BCF is an expansive store where you're bound to find the piece of clothing or accessory you need. Whether it be a cheap pair of off-brand jeans or a cheap pair of cufflinks, BCF has served me well. I even like how their queue system is automated; LCD displays alert you to the next available cashier. You'd think that a store like Fry's Electronics would have adopted a similar system by now.
3	I have trouble finding clothes here but my boyfriend always finds awesome deals in Jeans and Shirts which is always a plus since he's a tall man and it isn't always to find good fitting clothes. I only give it 3 stars because there isn't much variety for plus size woman.
1	I came here during lunch to peruse the aisles. I didn't need anything in particular so I just wandered the aisles a bit. This place is not the place to come when you're just in the mood to browse. I usually Burlington for the most part, but this location had very limited inventory. I browsed through some shoe racks and there was barely anything to choose from, unlike other locations in town. As I was looking at some shoes an employee was rushing down the aisle and said "excuse me," I moved out of her way thinking she wanted to get by me but she instead settled in right behind me to organize a shelf. I have no problem with employees doing their jobs, but honestly she was bumping up against me while I was shopping and I finally had to move to get away from her. Couldn't she have waited a few minutes until I was done in the area to do that? Rude. The store was a total mess so there were clearly plenty of other shelves she could have arranged while I was in that area. That incident definitely left a bad taste in my mouth and I just wanted to leave immediately.I'll probably stick to Marshall's or TJ Maxx when I'm on this side of town for bargain shopping.
3	After some remodeling, this Burlington's location is more organized. Before it was crowded and hard to get through the isles and find what you were looking for. The shoe selection was better before, but you can always find a decent jacket/coat. They have a lot of clothes in stock at a great price. The cashiers are pleasant and move at a fast pace to keep lines down. Downgrade.. If you're planning on going alone and doing a lot of shopping, make sure you're strong enough to carry your bags. The shopping carts lock up as soon as you exit.
4	This is a good Burlington coat factory location it's not great but it's good. It's always organized and you can always find what your looking for they have decent shoes here and nice suits and ties as well as jackets and coats and everything is at a respectable and fair price.  The cashiers are friendly and they always move at a fast pace to make sure you go on your way.  So if you like a department store with brand name clothes and jackets and suits and ties and shoes and etc for a reasonable price then be sure to check this place out
3	What can I say, it is a chain, but it is large inside, lot's of clothing for big and tall guys, so I will be back to spend some stacks before Christmas. Well organized and clean, lot's of well priced clothing and shoes.
1	Came here over the weekend to get some new clothes. Granted it's a large store and they have a lot to choose from but this place is just full of trash... and by trash I mean the type of people shopping here. Big fat trashy girls with 10 kids hanging off their cart screaming their heads off and running around knocking everything over.  Not one aisle didn't have clothes, shoes, bras, underwear, ect on the ground. Everything had been run over by the shopping carts and were dirty and greasy from the wheels because nobody has the decency to pick anything up. The bathrooms made WalMart toilets look like the Bellagio lmao... I know I can't expect much from a Burlington but good lord...  every toilet was plugged with shit paper and piss, trash cans were overflowing with ass rags, the sinks were all sticky and wet and the soap dispenser (probably not even soap inside of it) was broken off the wall and sitting on the counter. This place is the epitome of GHETTO and I will not be going back! BLEH!
3	I also agree with the previous review.  I would of gave this place 2 stars but an employee there henry jackson went out of his way to help me try and find a crib that was advertised.  He called 2 other locations and they hung up on him.  Literally right in the middle of him asking if they had the crib I was looking for bam they hung up. Hire 10 more henrys and youll have a decent staff.
1	This store is a dump.I went here to do what everyone else goes here to do: buy inexpensive clothes. There is plenty of that, but that's not the problem. The place is just a toilet. The clothes were packed on the racks on flat hangers which results in them being damaged before you can even wear them. There's items laying on the floor with employees stepping over them instead of picking them up. And the fitting rooms! There were hundreds if not thousands of pins on the floor half embedded in the dirty carpet. You have to keep your shoes on lest you'll get stuck with a pin and that's one thing you do not want to happen in this gross place!I realize the clientele of this place is fairy hazardous (lots of face tattoos and muffin tops), but thats no excuse for a filthy, unkempt store. Never again. I'm happy to spend a couple of extra coins and go to a store where people care about cleanliness.
4	They hold it down at Burlington's. Decent selection. Prices that are very reasonable. Size-friendly. And they carry brands that other stores might not.
