5	It's great! Not only is it a great hotel/casino, but Silverton offers a Starbucks right in the lobby. Get your fix and then enjoy the huge aquarium while you nurse that throbbing headache.
5	I wrote a review and couldn't figure out how to post it.  Silverton Casino Starbucks is really nice.  It has great drinks, electric plug in's They didn't hurry you out.  They even gave samples of new drinks.
5	I love Starbucks! Especially when there is one inside of the hotel I'm staying at, even more after $10 all you can drink at the bar! They are quick and friendly, and they don't ask why your wearing sunnies inside the hotel, I think they just figure I am hung over. I love that they have seating inside and items you can buy like normal Starbucks. I will come back for my caffeine fix next time I'm staying at the hotel.
4	This Starbucks was just what I needed last night when I went to the Silverton.  I had my quad espresso and was out of the place very quickly.  The service was great!I like that they take the Gold Card from Starbucks.  Some casino locations are still way behind the times when it comes to using the card.The seating area is large.  This is a little oasis at the Silverton.
5	Fast drive thru service! Perfect!
4	This is the best starbucks we went to in vegas. The staff was quick and friendly and drinks were perfect.
4	Good service with a friendly staff.  Right inside the Silverton and they even have seating.
1	I love Starbucks and I love my coffee but this one sucked. The customer service was awful. The girl that took our order was horrible, she didn't smile once and had an attitude. Nobody looked happy. Im used to Starbucks employees being more welcoming and friendly. What a depressing place. Im surprised its got good ratings. Maybe it was an off day, who knows.
5	Always excellent service at this location. The girl's are always nice & friendly. Store is cute & clean with ample seating.
3	Quick service and pretty large for a casino bar. Plenty of seating on the couple of times I've been.
