4	This Jo-Ann is pretty freaking sweet.  It's huge, as has been mentioned before me.  The location is certainly handy for north-siders, as has been discussed.  But did you know that they do classes?  TONS of classes.  Even classes just for "Teens, Tweens and Kids" in sweing, crochet, quilting and knitting.  And for adults they have all those things, but some of them are actually social clubs to make it a real event.  And they even have some $5 one time "Try me" classes where you can see if you like something they do.  If not, hey, ya just wasted $5.  Not so bad.  But man, I'd love to take one of their sewing classes!  They have so many cool ones - from clothes to upholstry!  But in the end I go to Jo-Ann because Michaels' is often dirty, and Jo-Ann bought out Cloth World, which was one of my favorite places as a kid.  This location may be on the other side of the world for me, but if I was taking on a serious crafting binge - I just might make the trip.
5	Art and Crafts plus fabrics!This is the only Jo-Ann's in the area and it is huge! I can't really sew, but unlike Michael's Jo-Ann's has a ton of fabrics and sewing supplies. Beyond the giant fabric center they have everything and more you are looking for in a arts and crafts store. They also have a ton of things for decorating your pad. I usually find myself surrounded my old ladies and moms and screaming kids, but that is the price I pay. Way bigger and better than Michael's!
4	-Biggest Joann's store-Great fabric selection-Clean store, good layout (different from other Joann stores)-Convenient location (parking is not too bad).-Employees are friendly.-Restrooms are blah and smell.
5	This is no average Jo-Ann. I mean, yes, there are old ladies pushing by you to cut in front of you in the fabric line. And yes, there is a lot of fabric. But there is also a lot of other stuff! Very fun stuff, in fact! They have a ton of paint, including glittery spray paint (yes, I bought it). The clearance fabric is very reasonably priced from $2-10 a yard. The only downside is that there is so much stuff I basically have to ask for help anytime I want to find anything.There are also classes! They cost about $25 each but they'll teach you fun skills like painting, sewing and quilting. Sign up for their mobile app for coupons if you want to save some money.
3	Pretty standard Jo-Ann's location with plenty of arts and crafts supplies to choose from for any hobbyist or professional artist. My hobbies usually fall in the paper crafting arena, so I am more partial to other craft stores, but this isn't a bad stop off for floral stems and seasonal decor whenever we are in the area!  We stopped in last night and they were stocking a lot of the Christmas season decor items, and we loved a lot of the new lines for the holiday! If you wait until closer to the holiday they always have some decent sales - and they also accept competitor coupons, so download those apps on your smartphone if you have one!Overall: B+Friendly staff and a pretty standard Jo-Ann's with easy to find craft ideas and a nicely organized store makes this a good stop off!
4	I really like this store. Love the variety of fabric and it is good value for the dollar.The staff are very nice; could use more at the cutting table and tills though.Coupons should  just be at store vs having to download or print.
4	I came here to find some cheap fabric because my girlfriend and I are making  cushions for our patio chairs. Only problem is that neither of us know how to sew lol. The fabric we want for the final product is $25/yard, so we want to do a few rough drafts first, and that's what brought us here. Also, this place still has patterns, which we also wanted to look at.They had a section of clearance fabric, and we were able to find something to meet our needs at a pretty low cost. We also spent a lot of time looking at patterns and picked out a couple. I did notice that the outdoor fabric they had was lower quality than the stuff we chose at another store (Sunbrella, the $25/yd stuff), the selection was only a few styles, and the price was actually HIGHER. The reason I'm giving 4 stars is because the staff here were very good, bathrooms were clean, and the store has everything for crafts, kinda like a michaels but more open and easier to shop in. Wasn't impressed with the prices, however.
