5	I had terrible sinus pressure and decided to try out this new clinic close to home. I had no insurance and thought I would pay a lot for the consultation, but in the end it was $79/consult.I was seen in 10 minutes and just had to stop by the pharmacy afterwards where my prescription was ready. Definitely the clinic to visit. This clinic is a treasure to have in our neighborhood.
5	I recently moved from Tempe, and don't know the neighborhood. I wasn't feeling well, and saw Allied Clinic.  I met an outstanding medical provider, considerate and very thorough, extremely sharp, and sincere.  I wasn't rushed in a 10 min appointment.  She was fantastic,  I truly appreciated her caring treatment and consideration. If you need to see a medical provider, maybe establish care, or see someone other than your own PCP check it out at Allied Clinic. Fantastic. Great staff.  You will be pleasantly surprised.
2	i came here because i have been having severe leg cramps for several days.  I did some research online about that and the advice is to stretch, drink lots of water, etc.  If all else fails try a muscle relaxer.So still with leg cramps.. severe.. i came in and saw the dr.. which isnt free... and she says drink water im not giving you muscle relaxers.   No kidding dr.. i got that from google search too.  What a rip off.  If you want urgent relief do not go here!
1	Awful! I went here because they have Saturday appointments. It was feeling ill so I set up appointment via zocdoc. I didn't see the nurse which was expected. No one was in the front office when I got there. It was just me and a courier who was picking lab work I'm assuming. It took about 7 minutes for someone to actually come to the front and that was after I called from my phone :/My experience there was uncomfortable and the nurse, PA or whoever the hell she was extremely condescending and proceeded to treat me like I was a damn teenager . She was questioning whether my husband was being faithful to me or not.  I felt like I was in an after school special PSA about teen sex sponsored by Planned Parenthood. She was on Google trying to figure out what to prescribe me and that was unsettling. I didn't get info on my blood work until I called 3 days later and the PA there told me "oh yeah I was just calling you.." At 6:30pm!? GTFOH!  I had additional tests as well and didn't get those results as I had requested. When I asked for someone to explain thyroid results as well as vitamin D and B12 deficiency, they charged my insurance an office visit. I will not be going here again, lesson learned.
