4	Awesome place to get cheese. I had a delicious chevre and a yummy blue cheese from here. They also have a great selection of housewares. I scored a good deal on some cute little cheese plates. A set of four for $10! I wish we had more delicious cheese places like this in the US! Vive le fromage!
4	This the only place in Montreal where I can buy Marmite...wonderful assortment of European foodstuff...the people at the check-out could be  little bit more polite though, after all I am paying for the items, it is not a food bank.
4	Stopped in here again recently to buy some delicious Quebec cheese. They have a great selection of cheeses from Quebec including some interesting unpastuerized chevres. They also have an excellent selection of jams and chocolates. Highly recommended.
5	Truly a foodie's paradise! The first time I went in this store, I felt like my prayers were finally answered. Amazing selection of cheeses, charcuteries, pates, chocolates and my beloved saucisson sec! I spent almost an hour perusing through the stacked shelves, full of French/European products: You need to be careful as the bill can climb pretty high quite fast.
5	Awesome cheese selection, and a great place to go check out some interesting mustard or olive oil. As far as imported European goods go, it's hard to find anywhere better, or at least to find somewhere where it is all in one place. I only wish it was open later in the evenings during the week.
5	This is a fantastic store! I'll give it five stars on the sausages and the cheese alone. Not to mention the hundreds of other things that you just can't find in your typical supermarket.
5	I'm a ginormous lactose-intolerant cheese freak and La Vieille Europe in one of my favourite places to head to when I happen to be in the area. Open the front door and you're hit with the pungent aromas of a symphony of cheeses, and within seconds I am salivating over some new cheesy discovery!But cheeses aren't the only wares vying for your attention. No. A wondrous selection of imported pastas, olive oils and vinegars are tempting as well. I often find myself stuck in the condiments section imagining all the ways I might use them in sandwiches and other dishes I make when I know very well that I'll more likely end up eating it straight out of the jar.
5	Best Coffee in Then MainI stopped drinking coffee about 15 years ago, and to be honest I don't even remember why I took that decision in the first place.   It wasn't until recently, after landing an overnight job and needing  extra help to stay awake, that I started to drink it again.But now, that I got the coffee bug in me, I only wanna drink a good "Cafe au lait", intense in the grain flavor, very hot milk, and a nice layer of foam to top it off!So I've been in a quest to find a place, THE PLACE. This quest has taken me from the most known coffee franchise in the world to the local ones, also to small trendy coffee shops and even to that infamous one that requires a membership.All of them have their signature and followers, but I never got what I wanted, until recently!  This European Deli offers all sorts of decadent delicatessens, great cheese selection and awesome panettones,  but its best feature is the coffee, at least in my humble opinion. The staff is friendly, helpful and well informed about the worldwide coffee variety that you can buy there to brew at home. They even sale stove-top expresso makers!Now let's get back in track, this boys and girls are well thought on how to make a latte to perfection! The coffee used is The Royal, (and yes you can also buy it there to brew it at home too) every single shot is individually grinded, freshness like that I haven't found nowhere else, the milk is warmed up to your suggestion and the foam comes always like a cloud from heaven, a perfect cafe au lait! Or you can get yourself a capuchino and even an expresso to drink while shopping in the spot, you can seat outside or just to enjoy it as you window-shop The Main. Taxes are unclouded in the round price, no need for you to worry about counting pennies and dimes. So you know, if you find yourself in the Plateau there is one spot for great coffee, La Vieille Europe.Enjoy!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. You can find everything and anything you need. The cheeses are not over priced and some of the best I have tasted. There's a huge assortment of oils and vinegars for all different tastes. I love walking into this place. I honestly have never bought coffee from here but it does definitely smell heavenly when you walk through the coffee section.
5	this place has loads of specialty items, gourmet selections, expensive cheese, deli meats, etc. it's a great place to stop to just rummage around, looking for a little snack -- or pick up a meal or stuff to make one. exceptionally quaint and staffed with patient people (yeah i'm talking to you, mr. deli meat guy). don't take it from me either; i'm just a tourist. i went here on a  recommendation by a local. ;-)
4	La Vieille Europe has a fine and fairly wide selection of European import goods..The highlight of the store - for me, at least - is their incredible cheese selection. The refrigerated shelves at the front of the store contain cheeses on special. Always check there first since there are always a number of things you can pick up to suit to your needs on sale.There is also an array of prepackaged foods, though some can be understandably pricey since they are imported. Occasionally, certain items while be marked on sale - so check frequently to get cookies, candies, and other boxed goods for as much as half price. In the "chocolate section" near the register, they sell Callebaut chocolate for very reasonable prices.I'm sure I'd like this place more if I had an unlimited budget to spend on food. I have purchased some of the items they sell here in Europe for obviously much lower prices. I understand that they mark up due to import tariffs and the convenience of having hard to find items in one place, but wish some of the prices were slightly lower, knowing what the items cost otherwise.
4	A really delicious option for meats and cheeses in the Plateau area, this is an old classic of the Main that really shines when it's meat-on-the-street street fest time. But all year round, if you are working or just walking through the area, you can count on La Vieille Europe for a super tasty and fresh sandwich and pastry to go from the counter. This is a chill family run spot so don't bring your stress in, just come and enjoy the savoury and sweet  tastes of the old country.
5	A wonderful shop which specializes in hard-to-find products, European specialties, cheeses, cold-cuts, cured meats, sauces, coffees, teas and biscuits at very reasonable prices.If you're craving proper British teas like "Taylors of Harrogate", German chocolates like "Ritter Sport"or "Milka" along with stand-by marinade sauces from Stonewall Kitchen, then show up here.  I'm always on the lookout for products I grew to love while living overseas but I find many of the specialty-food shops which specialize in European foodstuffs charge an ungodly amount when I thought the whole point to free-trade and liberalization laws was supposed to make this stuff cheaper, right? I guess not but I digress...After comparing with other shops, La Vieille Europe has the best prices going. True, some of the items still remain insanely expensive but how many times are you going to go out of your way to buy marinated black truffles? On the other hand some of the German mustards which go beautifully with the fresh sausages on sale won't break the bank anytime soon.Overall, a wonderful spot to pick up or try out new food items...and minus the tourists of Atwater and Jean Talon markets.
4	Oh dear-how to put this? It's a Foodie's dream. Not a Resto, but a Gourmet shoppe. The Cheese selection alone is enough to make one pass out. The Charcuterie, the same. There might be a  place somewhat like this in Chicago, but I'll bet not. Everywhere I looked, there was something I wanted, but couldn't buy, 'cos it wouldn't fly on the plane. In the end I bought an Opinel knife (remembering to put it in my luggage, 'cos I would have cried like a baby if I would have spaced, put it in my briefcase and had to surrender it to the TSA.)It's a shoppe, but they make sandwiches there from the good stuff in the display cases. I ordered a Jamon et Brie on an exemplary baguette. Paired with a San Pellegrino Chinotto. Both were sublime. I and pal Beno took a seat on the chairs perched outside, and had a delightful repast with the Floor show provided by the denizens of Boul Saint-Laurent: Pretty Girls, Pretty Boys, Weirdos, Hipsters and Aliens. Oh-so-sophisticated and if I lived in Montreal, I'd be at this place every few days.
5	Such a great place! I was looking for a nice gift basket, and the manager took the time to put something together for me according to my specifications. Wonderful! This is my go-to place for neat finds, a good sandwich at lunch, and a special treat now and then.
