5	Excellent service, sandwiches, cole slaw, ice tea, seating, location- it makes for a great spot to eat a leisurely lunch with a friend.  The parking lot may be a bit tight at times. I recommend carpooling.
3	OK - For some reason I just can't find something on the menu at McAlister's that really makes me want to come back. I like the restaurant's setting, the people are nice, the menu has all kinds of stuff but I just haven't found anything on the menu that makes my car turn automatically when I see the McAlister's Deli sign. I say, give it a try, you may find something...I'll keep eating away at it and re-post if I find the mother load!
3	McAlister's is always a good 'fall back' as far as getting something to eat.  Their menu has a wide selection and their chain allows you to know their menu no matter where you are in the city - and it doesn't really feel like a "fast food" place.The Matthews McAlisters is a decent one.  I've always gone there and had a good experience between the friendly staff and the cleanliness of the place.The one time I didn't get to go in was during their "Kids Night" and it seemed like the place was going to explode.  Kids eat free a certain night and I definitely turned around when I got out of my car and saw the huge crowd and line that went to the door.  Don't know if they still do that, but I'd be careful around that night if you do go.
5	Friendly, fast service in a nice shopping center with plenty of other stores around so it makes for a good place to stop and take a break from all the shopping or the Costco sampling across the street.This location is tucked into the shopping center so it is a little hard to see from the main street.  The parking lot can be crowded at times so pick your battles.  Personally I don't mind walking especially after eating a decent meal, but that's just me.
4	Consistency.  That's the staple of this quasi fast food chain.  I've never had a bad experience at any of the Charlotte area locations and even though they aren't in the forefront of my mind always, they are always a good "go to" choice for lunch or a light dinner.  I love the classic club sandwich and the potato salad is probably my all time favorite.  And then there's the sweet tea....yeah it's good, as good as McDonald's rocket fuel ice tea? Hmmm...close call.  The only thing I don't like is the size of the drinks, it's like a one liter size and doesn't fit my cup holders in my car :(
4	McAlister's is one of my favorite places to eat when I want something quick and simple but don't want to think too hard about where to get it.  This location is clean, they keep the line moving, and they keep your drink filled.  There's probably not much more to say than that.
2	I'll eat here in a pinch. Noting great, nothing too horrible.
2	I am consistently underwhelmed when I go there. Quite honestly the only reason why I dined at McAlisters today was because I was invited. Otherwise I would have chosen another lunch spot. The service is good, The food comes out fast but the quality of food is lacking and the decor is insulting. Think Scottish kilt meets a cafeteria in an Irish Pub. Plaid, Formica, plastic plants and antique nick knacks run amuck. Today my Cobb Salad was all lettuce with small amounts of chicken and blue cheese that were hanging out with yesterdays tomato's. Are you excited by that? I didn't think so.I will say one person at my table had the 1/2 French Dip and a Loaded Baked Potato and he said it was great. If I ever make it back over there maybe I will give it a try.
3	I've been eating at McAlister's for what seems like years. Always good yet I always seem to stand there staring at the menu like I can't figure out what to eat. There is a lot to choose from with hot & cold sandwiches, soups, even spuds (I like mine with chili, cheese and extra jalapenos, please). Of course their sweet tea is up there with the best of them and I'm also a fan of the large chocolate chip cookies. This particular location in Matthews is the one I frequent the most. Friendly staff! McAlister's is a great "go to" place when you can't decide where to go.
3	I like McAlisters. They are always a good choice for lunch or dinner. They have more of a variety than Panera amd at more reasonable prices (although it seems like that may be chaning). The spuds are very good, love the nachos, the broccoli cheddar soup is some of the best I've jad, along with the mac and cheese...there is something on the menu for everybody.  I've never had bad service at this Matthews location,  the folks at the counter and servers always seem to have a smile and are helpful. This is always my fall back when I don't know what I am hungry for!
4	I love this Mcalisters, super friendly and helpful. Even if something goes wrong, the managers are usually willing to help. It makes me feel good that someone cares and I'm a person not just another customer.
2	I think we may have picked the wrong day or the wrong time of day to visit. It was like dining in a school lunchroom. Noisy, table was dirty when we sat down, and food, which was mediocre at best, was slow to come out. On the upside, the staff was very friendly!
2	I want to give them a one star.  Ordered the French dip and pot roast sandwich.... Both lacking in appearance as well as substance.  Service was good and everyone was very friendly.... So I give them two stars.  Mcalisters would be disappointed in this effort!
3	As a vegetarian, its sometimes hard to find restaurants that offer tasty vegetarian options. I especially enjoy the veggie club sandwich. All sandwiches also come with a side, and I decided to try the mac n' cheese, but the cheese was too crusty and didn't taste right.
