2	Wow -- this restaurant has been here forever, and I'm the first one to review it? That means that no one likes it much, but it also has never been horrible. I hadn't been to a Souper!Salad! in years. We decided to try it when I found their extensive gluten-free menu, which lists six soups, seven "featured salads," ten "signature salads," their entire "hot bar" and all of their dressings. And of course, their regular menu lists even more items.The gluten-free menu does say that "menu items" are subject to change. What is doesn't say is that Souper!Salad! (or maybe just this location) offers FAR fewer items than the printed menus. At this location there were three or four soups, one of which was gluten-free, two of which were dairy-based (so of no use to my husband.) If half of your restaurant's name is "Soup!," you need to offer a WIDE VARIETY OF SOUPS. That's rather the point. What was really disappointing is that the soups mentioned on the gluten-free menu all sounded better than the ones offered in the restaurant. Black Bean, Red Beans, Rice & Sausage, Vegetarian Butter Bean and White Bean Chicken Chili all sounded good. Too bad not one was at the restaurant!I saw JUST TWO of the "Signature Salads" on the menu at the salad bar: the Mustard Potato Salad and the California Chicken Salad, which was truly disgusting. It had started to turn, but I think that even fresh it would have been gloppy and flavorless.The Souper!Salad! website advertises "fresh fruit smoothies," but there was no sign of smoothies anywhere in the restaurant.At the Hot Bar, the chili was blah and the taco meat tasted weird. Not spoiled, but very oddly flavorless, beyond unseasoned.Good points: All the individual salad ingredients were fresh. Nothing was wilted or sour. The fruit was in good shape, too. They still have gingerbread cake, and my husband said it was very good. They offer baked sweet potatoes as well as baked potatoes.
4	Joined a good crowd for lunch today at this, yet another nice Souper Salad.  Today they had a delicious Chipotle Ranch Dressing, among many choices, to top your regular salad with.  Waldorf Salad, last seen some time ago, was back, & excellent, as well as tasty marinated mushrooms, rich, creamy Fettuccini Pasta Salad, a good tuna pasta salad, lots of fresh fruit, 6+ delicious soups, & much more.  When you come, be sure to save room for some of their terrific Strawberry Sponge Cake, with a big dollop of whipped cream on top!The cleanliness & service has been great at every Souper Salad I've visited in this very well managed chain, & it's an amazing lunch for $5.99!
1	I went in here around 5 pm on a weekday, there was no one in the place, that should have been my first hint that it was not going to be a good experience.  I was right, I should have just turned around and leave the place.  There selection was very poor, I couldn't even find items that you would normally find a a salad bar.   Their selection of soups was very poor, maybe 4 total.  Rolls or bread was pitiful.  The help was very lackadaisical, there didn't seem any motivation to want to work.  I watch 3 others come in to get served, it would take anywhere from 5 to 10 min. before someone would come out of the back to help them.  Amazing the customers stayed to be able to eat.  i definitely wouldn't go to this particular one. I can't comment on others, but I'd rather go to Sweet Tomatoes anytime over this place.
1	We ended up here because my friend wanted to eat something less greasy and fried so I said sure why not? Nothing wrong with a little veggie feast every now and again. If you are a veggie lover or a senior looking for a place to eat where it is not crowed then this may be the spot for you. It is true that this and the location in Phoenix I went to suffer from lack of choice issues. It is also one of the main problems I have with this place.Once we walked in I took a look around and noticed very few people  were actually eating here, in fact the place seemed like it was ready to close down. The price for the lunch buffet is high given the lack of options they offered (four kinds of soup, salad bar, cheese pizza, a few desserts and a rather small bread selection). The bread was not hard but was not fresh either and they even went so far as to cut the bread sticks in half LOL who does that? Can I not have a whole bread stick?I am sure there are those out there who love this place but I am not one of them. Limited selection along with low quality of food does not make me a happy person or a satisfied customer. I was tempted to ask for my money back but just took it as a lesson learned. Never again!If you want a good deal I recommend hitting up one of the many other all you can eat places as you get more options for about the same price.
1	Don't waste your money.  Food was not fresh and there is not much of a selection.  A BOGO coupon got us die hard SWEET TOMATO fans to try Souper Salad again.  Paid $15 for lunch and were not impressed.  First the toddler high chairs were filthy, booster seat caked with food. Got my son settled and found the bathrooms to be dirty and out of paper towels. No spoons by the soup. No forks by the salad. There is no place to retrieve plates by the "hot bar" which had 2 potatoes, old selection of taco items and luke warm pizza. There was two pieces of bread sitting in the pan. The soups were cold and the ranch dressing was warm. Started looking around the restuarant and found that everything needs a good cleaning.  The plastic the sugar comes in was caked with food, so was the salt and pepper shakers.  I started to wonder how clean the prep area in the back was and how fresh the food really was.  Save your money.  Try Sweet Tomatoes instead - they are worth the drive if you are looking for a fresh selection.BTW - only two other couple were there - that should have been our first clue.
4	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
