5	Casa Grande was a blast to see.  It's a really humbling experience to view the ruins and see what an ancient civilization was able to construct without all of the modern tools that we use.  The surrounding area is very nice and the site is punctuated by informative signs printed with what we know about the Hohokam people.  A must visit!
5	For as long as I can remember, I've been fascinated with ancient things. Call me crazy, but when I was a kid, all I wanted was a subscription to National Geographic or Archaeology Magazine. My sister even bought me a book about Ancient Egypt for Christmas one year.It was only natural for me to become an anthropologist, even though the path hasn't led me to archaeology. And it was only natural that I stand in awe of Casa Grande.Part of it was the fact that I didn't have to go deep into Mexican jungles or climb Peruvian mountains to see ruins. Part of it was the sheer magnificence of the edifices and the knowledge that these people possessed in order to build these high temples with a calendar-like system with windows.Who were these people? Where did they come from? Where did they go? Their voices are haunting, walking through.Like any museum, price is slightly steep, although it includes admission to a(n) [boring] informative film and a walk-through display of ancient desert life.But like any time you're overwhelmed by what those who came before us did, it's impossible to attach a price.
2	Ok lets just put it out there.  If your in charge of the entertainment committee and you take your group here your going to end up fired.  I sadly found this out first hand.  Unless you have a genuine interest in dirt and mud castles this is going to hit the "Boiled Cabbage" mark on the rector-scale of excitement. I mean no disrespect to the heritage and history behind this place.  Personally the history review and time-line inside the facility caught my interest more than the actual park.  It is amazing what this group of people accomplished with very limited resources.But again, if you have kids or a group of people really excited to do something thrilling, your going to lose your brownie points here.Also in my opinion the cost is a bit steep for a group etc.  $5 a person for aprox 15-20 min of something to do.Side note:  Archaeologists please don't throw rocks at me for this review.
3	In town for vacation and wanted to visit with the family. I know it's not much, but if your kids love history this is a very good place to visit. Will I every come back? Most likely not! But if you have never been there and is nearby, you should check it out.
2	Caliche mud structureArizona's national monumentSadly didn't quite appreciate the ruinsAhhh it was 102 outside and all I could think of was shade!I was expecting this "Casa Grande" to be BIGGER!! Admission to get in was $5 and I don't think it was worth the drive and the cost. Though I guess the money goes back to mantaining the ruins, but still it's just a pile of mud! Advice:+ Go earlier in the day, when it's cooler+ If you have a national park pass, then I guess you should go visit it+ But it's OK to skip this one
4	I'm so used to only being able to look at ruins from behind a fence or other marker that separates visitors from that which is on display.  But here, you can walk into the ruins and explore them fully. We sat in on a talk about the history of Casa Grande Ruins, and it was informative and easy-to-digest.  It was not too crowded when we came here, and it seems like this is often the case.  The small gift shop and visitor center added a nice touch to this park.  I would recommend this place to anyone interested in the area's history.
4	"After a long battle with the desert, this ancient building still commands respect." That's the first line from the Casa Grande Ruins pamphlet and it pretty much nails it right on the head. This place is an excellent day trip from Phoenix and I'd consider it a must do if in the area. The ruins are four stories high, 60 feet long, and the circular holes in the walls align with the setting sun. The Hohokam knew the changing positions of celestial objects and that helped with planting and harvesting. Pretty sophisticated stuff for a culture that started about 2000 years ago. Or maybe it's not that sophisticated, I don't know. Either way, check out this National Monument. No hiking there, but it's very educational and if you are fascinated by ancient ruins you will love it.
4	A  vest pocket of a national monument similar to Montezuma's Castle. Not a place to visit during the summer. Best to visit in the Spring or the Fall. The visitor center gives a good history of the monument. In previous visits, I seem to recollect more history of the ruins since it was first seen by the anglo's and the preservation efforts. It's neat to actually walk amongst the ruins especially the Great House.
3	My son and I have only been here once and what CGRNM had to offer indoors was great and they had some displays that children can handle. It was also very reasonably priced! The ruins themselves...well, they weren't that special. When my son and I went we were not able to go inside the ruins. I'm sure since the last review was in 2009 there have been structural changes to the ruins. It mostly looks like partially melted mud huts and since you can't go inside you'll be done with that part of the tour in about fifteen minutes. I also don't recommend going in the heat of the day during summertime there is no shade anywhere out doors and it's brutal.
5	Casa Grande Ruins National Monument was pretty impressive.  I've been to a few of the National Monuments around the state and while some of them are impressive (Montezuma's Castle), there isn't a whole lot to see.   The Casa Grande Ruins however has a real nice exhibit center when you first walk in that has examples of architecture, pottery, and local wildlife.    The entire monument is dedicated to the ancient Hohokam Native American culture (circa 1200 AD) and there are some really interesting recovered artifacts to see, including some pottery examples that are just as old as the ruins.  As a bonus, there's even a short 30 minute video that plays every half hour.   The ruins themselves are a site to see.   And unlike some of the other Native Monuments in the state, you can walk right up to them and get a great look at them.    There are plenty of informational signs on the ground too that provide some pretty interesting info on what we know (or theorize) about Hohokam life.   All that and admission is only $5 a head, so it isn't a bad way to spend a couple hours at all.  The Monument comes complete with a gift shop, though items (mostly books) are pretty expensive.  Its a shame since the shop boosted such interesting titles as a book on the Civil War in the Southwest and ghost towns of Arizona.   There's also a large picnic area that you can get to without going into the museum proper that includes an overlook where you can see the old Hohokam ball court.   The grounds are laid out well with plenty of examples of Sonoran plantlife and in the Autumn when its a bit cooler, the entire place is relatively peaceful.   A very fun trip that I'll certainly keep on the list of things to do when I'm entertaining guests from out of state.
3	I found this place when preparing for a long road trip.  I had just Google'd "Road side attractions" and this came up.  It's not a "roadside attraction" because it's actually a National Monument.  I think if you're in the area, stop on by.  Preferably if you have an Annual "America The Beautiful" national parks pass.  It's $5 per person.  Dog friendly, but not inside the museum (so you have to pick up your dog to go through the museum before heading out to the ruins).It's definitely a wonderful site to see.  Cool b/c you can actually walk RIGHT UP to the ruins.
4	I use to come down to Coolidge quite a bit and one of the cool things I use to do was come over here and visit the ruins.  A great piece of Arizona history!  Do you remember the Five C's?  Well, this is cotton country.The Park Rangers will tell you they don't really know how old the ruins are, but most guess at around 600 years plus.  But thanks to a forward thinking US Government, the ruins are now protected by a 70 foot high shelter.  Trust me, it comes in handy in July and August, the two months I seem to visit here most.  LOL.  I would also recommend a visit to the bookstore.  It stocks a variety of First Nation history, as well as info on the area.http://www.nps.gov/cagr/index.htmWhile you are in Coolidge, I would recommend the Gallopin' Goose for drinks or bar food, and Tag's for dinner.  Both are great!
4	After at least my sixth visit, I figured it's time for a review (granted the prior visits all occurred pre-Yelp). Located in Coolidge, AZ about an hour from either Phoenix or Tucson, Casa Grande National Monument is an ancestral Puebloan/ Hohokam site built approximately 700 years ago. The obvious and most striking feature is "The Great House" structure that would easily be the tallest building in the area, if not for the massive roof constructed over top of it in 1932. Which ironically is itself now a historic structure.The 4-story caliche (a naturally occurring building material made from sand, clay and calcium carbonate) building's use is still a mystery. Theories abound, but no one can say with certainty. But the building is only a small piece of the puzzle. The National Monument also includes a large structure of outlying buildings, ball courts and irrigation canals that were hand dug by the inhabitants. The docents here (almost always volunteers in my experience) are a wealth of information and seem to always have their deliveries down pat, complete with some well placed comedy.I've been here at both the height of summer and during an unseasonably cold winter. At either time, a good place to find respite from the elements is inside the visitor's center and gift shop. The displays inside the visitor's center are well laid out, clear, concise and informative. They don't overwhelm you with info, but present what is sufficient for the casual traveler to learn from. If you want to dig deeper, the Park Ranger will surely oblige and answer any questions you may have. There is also a wealth of knowledge to be gained from the books and other materials in the gift shop. Despite its small size, I always find way too many things that conspire to lighten my wallet.If you're planning a trip to the Southwest, Casa Grande National Monument should without a doubt be on your itinerary. If you're in Phoenix or Tucson, remember that an hour drive is a mere hop-skip-and a jump for western state driving distances. So go, visit. You'll be happy you did.
4	I'm a sucker for history and historical sites.  This was a no brainer for my kids and I.  Also, my daughter has a passport for the National Park System and she covets getting stamps from every place she visits.Beyond all that, I was surprised to see how well the main structure is holding up.  I mean it's not cordoned off and you can actually walk up and touch it if you want.  This was amazing to me.
2	Grumpy Ranger Mike Garcia sets an unwelcome tone. Sorry to have disturbed his day by visiting. As a public face of such a great site it soured the visit from the very start. The movie was OK the ruins were OK but hey put a better people person as your front register guy.
5	I really enjoyed this, I also went by myself since it was on my way back from working out of town. I love learning new things and I found this very interesting but you definitely have to be into history to enjoy it. Only $5 and that includes a short film about the ruins and a tour, both optional to attend. I wouldn't bring my 6 year old here, he would either be bored out of his mind or want to climb all over the ruins. Gift shop is expensive just like any gift shop, nothing out of the ordinary.
4	There's not too much to explore here, but it's worth the trip out here to see the one, main building, that has sat under the same canopy since 1932! Amazing structure, with graffitti from 1870 & earlier, nice place to stop by on the way to somewhere else.
4	I had the opportunity to view this National Monument with my son & his fourth grade class. Not only are the tourist/Park Rangers informative but at each site is a little plaque that explains in great detail.  The cost wasn't pricey, & I would recommend going now during the winter not the summer because you will have NO shade & you'll be complaining & thirsty. We went Dec. 5th & we were All freezing.  They do allow you to enter one of the adobe homes but they ask that you don't climb or jump on the walls.  Not sure if the rest of the family would enjoy the history here but  maybe when they have a festivity going on or something besides just looking at brief clay home/ruins. The nice thing is its close to my home so I can take many relatives out there. There is a little shop, a movie about the Ruins & some pretty cool artifacts inside the main building. There is also a nice picnic area & fire pit, not sure if your allowed to use it but I don't see why not." If your wanting to kill some time its a quick pit stop & just to say you've been there."
4	It was quite impressive to think that this was build without knowledge of any other civilization.  $5 per person for admission.  There is a movie that runs every 30 min, and guided tour every hour.  We had an excellent guide who was knowledgeable and funny.  He showed different perspective around the ruins and people who built this. It was great to see this ruin, and we are glad that we could found this place by chance.
3	I had to take my son to a National Monument for a scout merit badge requirement and we chose to visit the Casa Grande Ruins. I was really excited for the experience. the $5 fee is reasonable and the museum part of the tour is small but really interesting and informative. I learned a lot. I would warn against selling the idea as exciting to kids though. If you are really interested in this kind of history etc. you will enjoy this stop. My younger son enjoyed it, but was pretty much ready to leave in about 20 minutes.
3	If one has a very strong interest in archeological building fundamentals and possibly primitive housing design, this might be for you. Myself, my interests are in visuals, historical in nature or visually interesting....and there are many located around AZ that fill this bill, but this CG ruin site was not for me.
4	Clean bathrooms, friendly employees, and well presented information make this interesting piece of history totally worth the drive! They clearly put a lot of work into maintaining the facilities and protecting the ruins from damage. Their hard work shows! Not a place I would visit again (just because I don't feel the need to see it again) but I definitely recommend it to others!
4	Very interesting ruins in Arizona.On the way to the Casa Grande, saw cotton fields.Who knew there're cotton fields in Arizona.Nice, clean well kept ruins.
