2	Standard Burger King fare served at a snail's pace.  One cook, one sandwich maker, one cashier, plus 30 people in the queue.Please help the economy and the waiting customers by hiring some staff!
2	Whiplash Whopper is a Whopper with extra onions.I discovered the Iron Man 2 hype by ordering a Whiplash Whopper because I wanted the bold flavor.  It was extra onions.  I paid an extra 80 or so cents for something I could have had free if I ordered the Whopper.  Anyhow, I finished the burger in front of my gate seconds before boarding. On a plus, the manager noticed the wave of hungry people and went down the line and took the customer's orders.
4	My daughter is a PICKY eater...AND she has food allergies (eggs, dairy)  Lately, the only surefire way to make her eat anything is to tell her it has bacon in it....seriously.So as we fly back from a week of rest and relaxation in Mexico I see this sign...shining like a bacon...errr...beacon of hope....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DmyS9b7ykIOo7XwYt5I9wg?select=k8y8sNAXTl6XMzg5Qr61rgGod Bless America....and God Bless Bacon.
3	Phoenix airport and the whoppers here are delicious!  Service without a smile sucks though.
2	It seems fast foods places get my order wrong more than they get it right. After being told they were out of onion rings and tarter sauce, they offered to substitute of mayo for tarter; I said no thank you. The receipt stated that request correctly. But the manager filled the order incorrectly not once but twice. First time I received a chicken sandwich instead of the fish I ordered. Second time I got the fish, which was good so I'll bump from 1 to 2 stars for that, but it had mayo on it. I choose BK for their onion rings which they failed to provide. Heads up Airport BK, failure to provide all menu items regularly is a violation of your franchise agreement so don't be surprised when you lose it.
1	How dare they not put cheese on my croissan'wich?
2	Sky Harbor is overrun with Burger Kings. Been to a few of them and they're all the same, pretty much. It's just like any other Burger King, which we all know is the king of burgers. But this one is in an airport. That makes it so much more exciting!
