1	In one word? Meh. We sold our house through Brian, and would not recommend his services, nor the services of Keller Williams in the future. In hindsight, I wish we had done more research and had been more proactive in pushing to have better service, but hopefully our mistakes will serve as a warning for others. Here's the scoop:1. Before I get to the transaction, know that he will spam your inbox seeking referrals. There is no unsubscribe option to these emails. A minor annoyance, since if you are working with him, you can't set all his emails into the junk mailbox.2. No negotiation skills. His tactic was basically to tell us that we should take whatever the seller offered, and said "they're gonna walk" if we push back at all. C'mon... I'm paying you to negotiate on my behalf. I'd be better off doing it myself. 3. Took forever for him to get the photos up on the listing, and the listing had inaccuracies about the HOA (costs, number of amenities) for weeks.  This should have been our first signal that he wasn't really interested in our listing. 4. Annoy smarmy personality. Ok, I've gone personal. But it's gotta be said. He promises the world on the phone, then slinks back via email and blames all the troubles on the market. There's got to be good realtors in the Phoenix area, and no reason to go with this guy!
1	Dealt with this listing agent as a buyer of a property he was representing.  Agent lacks in professional communication, and appropriate avenues in which to do business.  For example, he contacted my mortgage company to initiate pre-qualification and property appraisals prior to the home being under contract (he was furnished with a pre-qualification letter during the offer process).  Another example, he contacted my mortgage company to determine if I was still interested in the same property instead of submitting a formal counter offer to my Agent who, concurrently, was in constant communication with him.
5	Brian acted as our buying agent and was able to negotiate the price down on a foreclosure.  He was responsive to our needs and kept us up to date on the transaction.  Being self-employed he also worked closely with our mortgage person and gave us solid advice to ensure the loan process went as smoothly as possible.  Great agent, highly recommended.
5	I was an out of town buyer and Brian represented me for over 2 years on my home search (6/2010-5/2012).  He has a commanding grasp of the Phoenix metro, very skillful and is very well connected to get deals done.  Moreover, He never gave my wife and I 'hard sell' tactics and always gave us the necessary space to make our own decisions.  Additionally, Brian worked very well with our mortgage broker and our closing went seamlessly.  Brian Flatley is a dedicated and true professional who we highly recommend.
