5	One of the best places for lunch and dinner at the UW Plaza.It has the feel of a nicer sit-down place and serves great food, but its never expensive and the food is just great. What's more, the owner is always very calm, smiling, and polite. I always feel welcome coming back.They also have hookas for late night hangouts.Recommendations:- Meetpoint: (get the small for ~$7) The sauce is delicious- Spiess sandwich - awesome for ~$7, I think the bread is home-made! So good.- Good turkish coffee and baklavaHeads up:- The service is sometimes slow for students in a rush- The shows they have on their TVs dont always match an eating mood (one time they had Dirty Jobs playing)
5	Having tried many of the other restaurants in UW Plazza, I like Meetpoint the best. I love sitting outdoors in the summer. Their food is delicious and beats any standardized chained restaurants any time. Price wise, this place can be inexpensive if you aren't ordering anything fancy, but if you want, you can also order the seafood pasta! The owner, although slow at times to serve our meals, is a great guy. Overall, I love the place and would definitely recommend it to my friends!
4	Let me start this review by saying... $10.50 PITCHERS OF SAPPORO. I wish this place was around when I went to school, the beer alone would have me coming here often, but besides that the food is quite good and reasonably priced for university students. They have a variety of Pides, a turkish dish which is basically a football shaped pizza with less cheese (if any), ranging from $6-8, a large pizza is $11 and most other dishes range in that $6-12 range as well.Having only been there once, i'd recommend the Meet Pide. Anyone who likes pizza will enjoy this dish and it's a nice twist.The food is well made, cooked to order, tasty and a different option than your usual pita and faux-Canadian-Chinese food found at the plaza. My only complaint (and the reason I ding'd a star) is that service is a bit slow, it takes about 20-30 minutes for your order to come out. It's not fast food, but i'd rather wait a while for fresh food than get soggy heat-lamp buffet table stuff from other places at the plaza. No worries though as long as you have a bit of time, the restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, there's a patio in the summer, and passing the time isn't an issue if you have good company and Sapporo :) And let me finish this review by saying... $10.50 PITCHERS OF SAPPORO!
2	I love Mediterranean food and have had many good meals, however this place did not tickle my fancy. I went around 6p and there were no customers and considering that the food came out very slow. I ordered a Greek salad and it had all the normal ingredients (feta, cucumber, onions) however it was drowning in tzaziki sauce. Not good. I ordered the beef shwarma, and instead of the normal seasoned ground beef on a kabob I got a couple medallions of chewy unmarinated beef. My boyfriend ordered the chicken plate and it was just a breast of chicken. Very plain.
5	Very good customer service. There food is really good and high quality. It might be a little pricey but its worth every dollar. The environment is very relaxing and if you have a lot of time to spend you can also do shisha.
3	I like the place and kind owner, but the quality of food is medium. In general doner meat/chicken doesn't have a good quality. The best food here is the stuffed eggplant and the most popular one is Iskandar.
1	Went out with my girl for dinner one night and was not pleased at all. I found service to not be friendly, there had seemed be to a bunch of kids/teens messaging and running around the cash/kitchen area. Ordered food and it was a disapointment especially after experiences I gain from places like Al Madina and Arabesque. The food came out cold (rice and pita) the meat was really undercooked had to ask for it to be cooked twice and had a unpleasant look my way when I requested the meat be cooked longer as it was gooey and really pink on the inside. I must say it definitely wrecked my evening and for that I cannot say I'll ever recommend this place or even come back but I'll be sure to steer people I know looking for quality authentic food elsewhere.
