3	Having a taco joint open up in Shadyside was just about the best thing that has happened since I came to Pittsburgh.  As soon as I saw a brief mention of this place on the talk pages of Yelp Pittsburgh, I monitored their progress towards opening by "liking" their page on facebook. It finally opened while I was out of town, so I made it a point to try this place as soon as I got back.  Walking back from school yesterday (Monday), I walked up and realized that they're not open on Mondays.  So I tried again today.The brightly painted walls of this place remind me of a traditional mexican restaurant.  When you first walk in, their gelato lies in a similar position where Mercurio's gelatos used to lie.  From the end of the table, I ordered two tacos to go - one al pastor and the other carnitas.  They offer a number of salsas, and it seems that you can pack your own, even though they initially ask whether you want any one in particular.While i waited, i sampled the mojito gelato ("with real booze"), one of their many interestingly flavors.  It was surprisingly light and tasty, although there were quite a few ice crystals in my sample because the lady scooped from the surface.  I'll most likely try a cup of this the next time I come back; it has just the right lightness that I like for a summer snack/dessert.My order was fulfilled in a reasonable time (there was only one other party that had finished eating already).  I walked home as quickly as I could so that I could enjoy my tacos while they were still warm and so that the juices from the meat wouldn't soak through the corn tortilla.  My only thought on the walk back was, "I hope they put two corn tortillas, unlike reyna foods..."And there were two corn tortillas!  The tacos aren't fully decked out like the "super tacos" of small mexican joints - as seen in the pictures, they provide the meat and some diced onions/cilantro. no lettuce, tomato, or any of that stuff. I asked for a bit of their medium house salsa, which came on the side. it was very mild for my taste (I could barely taste any spicyness), so I'll be trying their next level up next time I go.  The carnitas was slightly dryer than I expected, which eliminated the soggy corn tortilla problem.  The corn tortilla had cooled down, and I think it would have tasted better if left on the griddle slightly longer.  The pineapple on the al pastor taco definitely helped the taste a bit, but like the carnitas, they were just a tad underseasoned.   They put one salsa cup in my bag, which I ran out after 1.5 tacos, which meant that I barely had any salsa for my chips.  So if you get your order to go, make sure you have enough salsa! The chips that were also provided in a small bag was a nice accompaniment to my tacos. Thumbs up for not putting much salt on them. For two tacos my meal came out to be ~7.50, which is high/very high for the standard, but based on location (being in shadyside), I understand their pricing, and I don't have much to complain about.  I hope they'll have those spicy pickled veggies (Carrots, jalapenos, onions etc) soon! those will definitely be a great condiment for the tacos in addition to solely salsa.Based on my review, I may just be accustomed to slightly heavier tastes (more spicyness, more spices).  Go and try this place! This places deserves to stay around.
1	The nice thing about this place is that they are "trying" to serve authentic mexican food, however, while they have good intentions, what they prepare  is a debauchery of it. While they serve some of the classics, their choice of ingredients just plain SUCK!  their tortillas are very dry, not warm and moist.  They managed to double their tortillas up, which is correct, but they didn't cook them properly! They definetley "heard" about corn on the cob smothered in mayo and parmesean cheese....but you have to use real ROASTED sweet corn....not half-boiled yellow corn!  Their salsas are bland, not fresh and vibrant.  their meat is underseasoned and bland too.  No dynamics between dishes.  This restaraunt is trying to mimic authentic mexican food, but is failing miserably.  Nonetheless, if you have never experienced real mexican food before, you may still be fooled into thinking they serve good tacos.  Everything they serve "looks" just right, but the taste is far from accurate. If you are the kind of person who would get satisfaction from purchasing a knocked-off pair of air-jordans...this place is for you!  If the painted on fake carbon fiber sole that rubs off as soon as you actually look at them bothers you, I would reccommend making tacos from home like they should be.
2	I really didn't want to write this review since Chica Loca Taco is new. I know how hard it is to succeed in the restaurant business and I think there are very good intentions behind Chica Loca Taco but there could be improvements with the food. I was very excited to learn that this place would be serving Mexican street food so have been eyeing the place throughout the entire time of construction, awaiting for their opening. I haven't tried the gelato but I don't get the connection with the Mexican food. Anyway great that there are fresh ingredients but the fresca and green salsas needed salt and pepper. Chips were okay. Al pastor and chorizo had some flavor but needed a little more of something - perhaps again salt and pepper or even hot sauce. Chorizo looked kind of like minced dog food...I left the place with the right amount of full in my belly but not the right type of satiated full. Price is reasonable and the service was incredibly friendly.
2	I feel bad about writing this review, because I had really high hopes for Chica Loca. And Shadyside really does need a good place to grab food at night. But after eating there, I can't, in good conscience, recommend this place. So I'll start with the things I liked: The servers were nice, the food arrived quickly, they've got good drink options (think Boylan's, Jarritos, and MASH) and they've got a bunch of seating options (you can sit inside or outside). The location is also really nice, it's right on Copeland street above Girasole and across from Starbucks. But that's really it. The food, on the other hand, was problematic. Overall, everything we were served was dry and under-seasoned. And I mean everything. The chips, the salsa, the tortillas, and the meat on the tacos were all very bland and dry. I was embarrassed to have brought a friend there and really disappointed by the quality of the food. I see that a lot of people have commented about the bland-ness of the food, and I'm hoping that the people who run the place will see these reviews and respond to the feedback by addressing those issues. It's my plan to visit again in a few months and see if things have changed.
1	They don't take cards! Yikes!  Food is dull and they will fail no question. Sorry, Chica, no mas.
2	Overpriced for little flavor. Tacos are small and cost about $3.50-$4 each PLUS they're really not that flavorful. You need to eat about 3 to call it a meal. This place looks cool but I would recommend going to an actual Mexican place to get your tacos. It is severely over priced and the wait is very long compared to any other taqueria or Mexican restaurant I've went to.
3	Fun gelato flavors:Chai latteChoc chili raspberry MojitoFun interior, seating at counter where tacos are prepared, cool sidewalk seating/ppl watching (no creeper).Tacos...$11 gets you two fresh tacos (flavors could be more bold tho!) and chips & salsa. Definitely try if you're in the mood for Mexican. Would love to see homemade chips, maybe offered as some sort of weekly special?!
3	I really considered not writing this review at all. A lot of the other reviewers here seem to have experienced similar trepidation, but I guess that says something about the restaurant itself.I fortuitously managed to try Chica Loca on Taco Tuesday(!) and was treated to the super-special deal of 2 tacos for $5, otherwise known as, exactly how much tacos should cost. The chorizo (sourced from Las Palmas in Oakland) taco was really tasty. As noted, they provide the traditional taco format: 2 corn tortillas, lime wedge, topped with cilantro, queso fresco, and diced onion. I got mine with pico de gallo but craved more taste and ended up using extra spicy salsa. The carnitas taco was good, I suppose. Individually, the meat was flavorful and tasty but it got lost in, surprisingly enough, the tortillas. You know there is a problem with your seasoning when it gets overpowered by corn tortillas...The decor is nothing to write home about: chairs and tables that would look normal on a suburban deck, bright wall colors, and a rather bizarre shotgun layout in which the counter is at the far back, requiring you to walk down the 4 foot aisle past other eaters.I feel bad because I love eating tacos and supporting local business but I was not that happy with this place. I tried to order the "super secret salsa" as well as the tomatillo salsa and was informed that they were out (this was around 7pm on a weekday). I think the woman I was speaking with was the owner and she was very nice and talkative, encouraging me to return and try the salsas I missed. I probably will go back one day because it was objectively enjoyable food. That said, I would only go back on a tuesday. Having never tried their more expensive tacos, I still think I can say their prices are absurd. Show me a fish taco worth $7.50 and I will gladly devour it. Until then, my Pittsburgh taco quest continues.
4	Ingredients are fresh, portions aren an appropriate size (meaning no so big you enter a food coma upon departure), and their "Street Corn" is amazing. The staff is nice and welcoming, as well. Refreshing to go into a place an be actually greeted with smiles. Good job, you Chica Locas!
4	very cool, cute taco joint. Reasonable.  I will be back.  Go there.  Tuesday specials are great.
4	I went back to Chica Loca and things had improved. So, I'm going to give them 4 stars, but with some caveats.Things that got better:They are now making their own chips.The ratio of chip to salsa is much better. The food was way less dry.Things that are still off:Avoid (!) the chicken tacos. These tacos are so bland, it's hard to tell if they're chicken or not. The chips are incredibly greasy. My chef friends tell me that this is because they are frying them at too low of a temperature or in to little oil. Eiher way, not so good.Service is quite slow.No salt anywhere that I can see.
1	My review was taken down? I still think the service is poor and the food could be whipped up in about a minute. No mas!
5	Last weekend, Darren and I went to Chica Loca Taco during the Shadyside Arts Festival and were blown away. I had the Al Pastor which has pulled pork and pineapple and it had me swooning. The tortilla is doubled and the moist, salty pork compliments the pineapple and vice versa. The guacamole was really good also as was the Mexican Street Corn which has some awesome sauce on it that you have to taste to believe.
5	Viva chica loca!  I have been looking all over Pittsburgh for decent mexican food since I moved here from Dallas 8 months ago.  I'm happy to say Chica Loca is not just decent but EXCELLENT!  I work up the street and just found my new favorite lunch spot.  The decorations are cute, bright, and colorful. The service is friendly and prompt.  And the food is SO GOOD.  The tacos taste like the ones I used to get from the authentic Mexican markets in Dallas.  For the chips, I have only 3 words: nom, nom, nom.
4	Hands down best place to eat in Shadyside.  Here's what you do: Grab a six pack across the street and head over to Chica Loca.  Nancy will take care you (WHAT UP NANCE!) The chips guac and salsas are all fresh. I order all the tacos on flour but you have the option.  The brisket taco is serious.  Although, everything is good and I will guarantee a good meal/good time.  Re-think your destination, especially if you are headed to Steel Cactus for food (mexican around the corner) It is not even a fair comparison.  I love Chica Loca.
