4	I'm a Taco Bell freak! This location is always REALLY fast, even with as busy as it usually is. I've never had one bad experience at this location in 8 years. Viva Taco Bell behind Target Greatland!
4	This place isn't bad at all as far as Taco Bells go. If you can stomach the food or actually kind of like it, you're good 9 times out of 10 here. There are times when the tomatoes aren't fresh enough or some minor thing seems suspect, but generally nothing tragic. Combine several hundred calories from here with a Rockstar or Red Bull and you're ready to start the f**kin' day! Yeah! And then spend the afternoon in bed! Seriously, this food isn't good for you.But for fast food, it can be very tasty on the cheap. Sometimes they're busy, but not that slow considering I'm always stuck behind the mom ordering enough food for a football team and all I want is a burrito. Anyway, overall solid Taco Bell. Just beware the weird parking lot. It's an accident waiting to happen sometimes.
3	Don't get me wrong I love authentic Mexican food but sometimes you need the American Mexican cuisine from Taco Bell :) I like the beef better than Del Taco and the supreme tacos are great! Sometimes I wish they would bring back the $.39 tacos, haha, just a suggestion.  This location is pretty fast with the orders and I haven't had a problem with any orders as well, check it out if you get the chance.
3	I love the cantina bowls with chicken. ;-)
5	I have been coming to this location sense 2004 and always had good customer service.
5	I've been eating at Taco Bell religiously for the last 8 years (mostly for the Mountain Dew) but this one is by far the best! It is always clean and the food usually comes out before you even fill your drink! They don't skimp on filling the tacos and burritos (a lot of taco bells do) which is always good. I'm not a fan of the new red Mountain Dew but the baja blast is very good. As with all franchises some are better than others and this location is by far the best in Vegas!
3	So it's a Taco Bell, not a whole lot to say about TB. This one is fairly clean and the food is your standard TB grub. The drive thru is hit or miss though, are you feeling lucky? Because somedays you are in and out, while other days it can take ten or minutes to get through!
3	Stopped in to grab a bite after a trip to the neighboring Target. As far as TB's go, this is one of the cleanest I've seen. The staff was friendly and our order was up in quick fashion. As I typically do, I just went with regular crunchy tacos. The others got Cantina Bowls and Nachos Bell Grande. My tacos were good and everybody was happy with their choices. All in all it was a good experience, however, it was so cold in there, my nipples could have cut glass. It was a nice break from the heat, but OMG! Basically, a four star experience, but the shrinkage forces it to stay down at three.
