3	OK -- so the layout of this Chili's is pretty cool.  It's 3 stories, and it has a unique 'cozy' feeling to each level.  If you want to talk to somebody here, It's good if you're not here during lunch -- it can get a little loud.  I'd recommend coming around 11:00 or after 1:00 to avoid the crowds.  The food here is average.  I recommend the burgers or the fajitas here.Contrary to what you might think, this place is a chain resturaunt, and it's NOT famous for its chilis.  Wait staff is 'fair to midland'.  They won't go out of their way to please you, but they don't stash you in a corner and forget about you, either.
3	My favorite Chili's in town for sure, which makes it the best mediocrity has to offer!I occasionally get a craving for their chicken crispers, which admittedly are pretty damn good, but always regret it. There is "full" and "Chili's full," which feels strikingly similar to "Taco Bell full," neither of which are good. I ate a small section of a not-so-awesome blossom recently and my body still hasn't forgiven me. I chug down three or four sodas every time I eat here, sensically, as my girlfriend pointed out, since there is more sodium than actual food on the plates they serve. I just thought it was good soda.
3	Why does it smell funky here? Why does my bf like it here? Why am I yelping Chili's?A)Clean your mop before mopping up the entry. Maybe it won't smell like my Aunt Hazel's pantry then. B)Well, he's young, and chain restaurants seem like a safe bet to him. They're a safe bet to me. However, not in a pleasing way. C)Cuz I actually like the fajitasIf you like deep fried shoe leather smothered in canned gravy. Hey, go for the chicken fried steak. If you like a combo plate with all the flavor and spice of Scandanavian food. By all means, order the combo plate.  And if you like dining amidst screaming babies and folks with the culinary palette of a middle school student. Hey, Chili's is your place. Bon Apetit and o freakin' lay!
3	I find chain restaurants repugnant.  The food is over-priced, bland and served by people who are made to say things like "Welcome to {PLACE}!  My name is {NAME} and I'm going to be your special pal today!  Would you like to try our Loopty-Loo Chicken Snackers?"  I waffle between snickering and feeling really sorry for the person that has to humiliate themselves for like, $2.85 and hour and probably only averages like, 12% tips.  The feeling passes quickly, as I'm forced to wonder which frozen hockey puck will make it into the microwave and onto my plate.  Typical chain restaurant experience... but not at Chili's!Chili's actually has fresh food!  I mean, it's not fresh like "that day" fresh, but it isn't frozen like most chains and they probably got it in that week.  So, it shouldn't be a surprise that the food is pretty decent (for a chain restaurant).  They do have standards (cough) to uphold, though, so if you're looking for something different, don't go to Chili's.Their menu is pretty standard - fajitas, quesadillas, ribs, burgers, sandwiches, salads, soups - typical bar and grill food.  I've sampled a bunch of different things and everything was pretty consistent.  Good and flavorful, if not a little on the salty side.  The only thing I really don't like and will never order again is the ribs.  I thought, because unfortunately I remember those baby back ribs commercials, their ribs would be awesome.  They aren't.  They're dry and have very little meat on them.  Don't waste your time because you'll be disappointed.The drink menu is pretty crazy.  They have fun fruity drinks, a full selection of liquors and a typical smattering of beers, both draft and bottle.  The drink they're most well known for is their margarita, which, I must say, is pretty good.  I love their Patron margarita and highly recommend drinking at least three of them (and taking a cab home).The restaurant itself has a unique layout.  It's a tri-level with dinner seating upstairs and downstairs, a bar and outdoor patio.  I've been seated in all 4 sections and my favorite place to hangout and eat is the bar.  They have flat-screen tv's so you can enjoy sporting events or whatever is on at the time... plus you get your drinks faster!If you're looking for lunch or dinner and you don't want fast food or something terribly expensive, go to Chili's.  Out of all the chain restaurants out there, this one is the best.  The Camelback/20th Street location in Phoenix is the best.
3	For a chain, it ain't bad, BUT it's a CHAIN!Next.
4	I only ever order one thing at Chili's and if I can't have it, then I am not happy.  I was in the mood for my favorite Honey Chipotle Chicken Crispers so the husband and I stopped by after a little bit of b-day shopping for my mom.  This location is weird.  There were a couple weeks a couple months ago where I swear this place wasn't open.  No lights, no misters, no cars, nothing.  It was really strange.  It was definitely open this time.  We were immediately greeted by a middle aged guy, who I felt sorry for but what can you do in this economy, and were seated in the upstairs portion at a ridiculously long table/bench area with enough seating for 8.  That type of seating arrangement is really awkward when there is only two people dining.  Our waitress was good, serving us our drinks really quickly and refilling them without asking.  The food was fantastic, in terms of sauced up chicken fingers.  I love the sweet/smoky/spicy flavor of the sauce, the chicken is always juicy and the fries and corn area always tasty.  I can't really complain about anything.I take that back, I can complain about the booth directly across from me.  There were two adults and a two year old.  The two adults were very clearly deaf.  They were using sign language and I was not so discreetly staring at them intently, fascinated by the sign language.  However, their child started screaming at the top of his lungs at one point.  I don't know how they missed the vibrations in the air right next to them, but they didn't do anything to shush him.  Oh well, I'm not at some fine-dining establishment, so I guess you have to expect it.  This is a good Chili's.
1	FYI. Chili's still sucks.
4	The old timer burger with bacon was awesome and the fries were good too. My wife said the steak was ok but not as good as Outback. They were very attentive and I even had more refills than I could manage. $27 before tip.
4	Went for lunch with coworkers.  Acutally we were looking for the Black Angus, but it was closed down.  So we headed up at Chili's.  I got the Ranch Chicken Sandwich.  It was good.  It is like a mild fried chicken with ranch on a sandwich.  If you like boneless wings, this is a treat!
4	very good 3 course options
4	Well, we all know what we are going to get when it comes to the food and the ambiance at Chili's.  So, this review is based solely on the hostess and the wait-staff.  When we walked in the door, no one was at the front.  It was about 4 minutes before the hostess came out to the front.  She was very apologetic about having taken so long, and sat us immediately.  Our waitress was very kind, and though she messed up a drink, she realized it right away, and brought a new one out without us even having to say anything.  So overall it, not bad, as everyone was super nice, but not the best service I have ever received.
1	The service for a group of nine on a thursday night was not only below average, but I have had nicer waiters, better food, and faster service from a McDonald's. The waiter was rude, they over salted all the food, and it was not worth the two for twenty deal that they offer at all.
5	Our waiter was fabbbbulous and made us feel very welcome and joked around a lot. I was on a quest to taste the chicken nachos of every restaurant I visited and these were quite unique.....about 8 individual chips individually adorned with toppings....like little mini pizzas...weird, but tasty. Good vibe in the bar where we had dinner too. I think for a chilis, it was a good experience, hence the 5 stars. But I always feel kinda dirty after I eat at chilis...
3	The food was great. Especially the loaded bacon potato and cheese soup, which is also loaded with calories. The kitchen manager is very polite and checks in with you on the food quality. My only beef with this location is the lesbian server lady with a huge attitude and hair that stands up 6 inches to match her attitude. White female about 30 years of age, 5'9, and 130 pounds. Dark brown hair at the time. Her attitude towards some customers will soon get her fired ; ) There are plenty of people without attitude problems that are looking for work.
3	I've come here a few times for lunch with my coworkers and it's just okay. The restaurant itself feels tired, and has a weird layout.  Small bar off to the side, and the dining area is actually down a set of stairs.  The setup's a bit weird to me, and feels a bit dungeony.Normally when I'm here I get one of their lunch combo's and its actually not have bad. Its half a smoked turkey sandwich and a salad.  Tasty, quick and hits the spot.  Today, I felt like getting something different, and went with their old timers burger.  Honestly, the burger tasted a bit overcooked, rubbery and really lacked any flavor at all.  Fries were okay, and our server was great as well.I will say, service is quick and attentive, always happy people who wait on us while we are here.
4	I hadn't ever been to a Chili's, except for one visit way back in the mid '80s, so today I finally stopped into this one for lunch today, joined by Arlin B.  Of course I went for the "almost a buffet" choice of their "Bottomless Express Lunch" which does give you all you can eat for one low price.     :-)This Chili's is a nice place, a tri-level affair.  The fairly low ceilings, decor, and comfortable booths add up to a very nice dining environment.  The service was just right too!They started us out with a big bowl of tortilla chips & a large cup of mild but ok tasting thick red salsa.I ordered a regular salad, once.  It had lots of good ingredients and came on a big square plate with, in my case, two cups of Ranch Dressing to pour on.For soups, I had a bowl of Chicken Enchilada and later a bowl of Spicy Southwest Chicken & Sausage, from the four choices including chili.  They were both delicious.This was a completely enjoyable lunch outing & very reasonably priced at $6.99, so it's a big 4 Stars!  I'm sure to return to a Chili's again soon to try one of their weekday Lunch Special sandwich & soup combos, which were also tempting and inexpensive.     :-))
4	Kind of small place, I feel like. But this was the first and still the best Chili's  I've been to in town. The service was great. The waiter knew what was going on and knew his stuff, suggested a great margarita for a price I deem worth it. The EL PRESIDENTE or something like that. Food is good and had more than one person wait on us which was pretty cool considering we weren't the only ones there. Our drinks always filled. That's the main thing I look for. Not too shabby.
3	7 years ago I would have rated this at a 5! Chili's had everything on the Menu perfected but they had to keep changing it up. WHY??? From the chips & salsa to their award winning beer battered chicken strips! Why mess with perfection? They even changed their nacho's. You can still get the old style natcho's but you have to know exactly how to order them and hope and pray that your waiter knows exactly what your talking about, otherwise, you get what you get!This location has been around since I was in my teens and it's getting a little musty smelling in there. I think they are ready for a make over!Tip: If you eat in the bar, the chips and salsa are FREE!
1	Most definitely the dirtiest Chili's I've ever experienced, inside and outside. The patio had cigarette butts, a dirty ash tray filled with water from the misters, bits of trash strewn about. Inside tables were left dirty, the bathroom was filthy too.My food was cold and dried out like it had been made for someone earlier and then left under the warming lights.Because I was in polite company and we were in a bit of a hurry I didn't sent it back.I am quite shocked that I didn't get sick after eating there.Both the health dept and corporate need to make a surprise visit.
1	Went to the one near cave creek. I had the bacon chicken fajitas. I GOT FOOD POISONING !! BE CAREFULLLLLL :/ I have always been coming here, but for now I'll be taking a break from here !!
4	I've never had an issue with Chili's.  Food is certainly priced for what you get.  In this particular store, my friend and I frequent often for lunch.  The bartender Daria, is extremely friendly and makes a great drink.  Always introduces by name and calls you by name after asking.  Definitely an asset to this store.
4	Black bean mushroom big mouth burger is never disappointing. Fries can always use a little less seasoning but the friendly, quick and attentive service is always on point.
4	I love ordering take-out from Chili's on days when I'm too lazy to cook something but I want food that's better than fast food.  The online ordering experience is simple.  The pick-up is convenient and right inside the back door.Plus, their chips and salsa have me hooked for life.  I could snack on those for HOURS!
4	Service was awesome! Seated promptly, drinks never empty! Food was fresh and hot and delicious! A great visit
3	Sad to see it go. Closing Monday and being replaced by a parking garage
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =Sorry to see this nice Chili's close!  I guess we ate them out of house and home with their "virtual buffet" of "Bottomless Express Lunch."  It was really good.  Fortunately, we still have other Valley Chili's locations with the same great meal to enjoy.     :-)
