4	Every shopping center has to have it's java shop, and for The Promenade it's The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, which is a chain but still an open change to Starbucks. Being that half the name is dedicated to tea they have a ton of tea options, and the coffee is pretty similar to most  of what you will find at most coffee shops. The shop is very open and big so it would make a great shop to meet up with someone. They have a large selection of cold teas and coffee that are sure to please anyone in this heat!
4	First off, let me say that i used to be the most avid Starbucks consumer. Used to be. When I stopped drinking espresso three months ago due to poor kidneys, I no longer needed to go to SBUX, as I do not like the other drink choices. I had discovered "Matcha" Green Tea Lattes two years ago at SBUX and must say I was intrigued. Intrigued, but not overwhelmed, as it needed work and no melon syrup. Enter CB&TL. I asked for the Green Tea Latte and was given the "I must have three heads look." Anyway, after my description, I was given my drink. It's not actually on the menu, however, it's easy enough to make. The charge for a "Hot Vanilla w/soy" and substitute the vanilla for the matcha.  Bottom line, after my long winded review, is that it's fairly healthy, delicious, and has naturally occurring caffeine. I frequent the three locations on Scottsdale Road, and the staff at all of them are fantastic and accommodating.  Now, as far as atmosphere, they are all quite unique. Scottsdale & Camelback: Down & Dirty. Quick in-n-out drink or light business meeting. Not much in the people watching department.  This may change when Safari Drive  and the W are completed. Gainey Village Shops: Best people watching since my days at the Kierland SBUX. Here you get the apres Gainey Village workout crew, as well as the PV crowd. I am usually there in the AM, so it's bubbling with meetings and well dressed local business persons. Scottsdale Promenade: This is my pre/post gym shop. It is a very mellow crowd, and you may see a tourist or two. This is the coziest of the three, as they have ample and comfortable outdoor seating. There is usually a quiz for a discount on your beverage. Hint: Have your BlackBerry handy while you're pondering your selection. OK, I'm done. I'm ready for a Green Tea Latte w/soy.
3	So I'm not a HUGE coffee fan although I have started the foray into liking it more. I'm really more into it for the social factor (Imagine that...)The Coffee Bean is a great place to come and chat with friends...I love to sit in the leather seats and have a Decaf English Breakfast Latte and a Bagel. I usually go with one of my good friends after we drop the kiddos off to school. Don't get too close to us though as we are knee deep in an argument over politics. She wears her vote emblazoned across her chest while I berate her for the hour or so we get together. We always leave arm and arm with a big hug though and usually have someone take our photo to update the caller ID in our phones. Who is wearing which shirt...Well I won't say of course but come down one day you'll see us there and then you figure it out...she's the tall gorgeous blonde, I'm the buxom depending on the day can't figure out what color my hair is :)
4	One of the best things to do on a Saturday afternoon is sitting in a coffee house, logging on a your favorite website and enjoying a good cup of coffee while the people of the world pass by...ok, maybe that's not everyone's idea of a great Saturday afternoon, but for an artsy fartsy hippy like me, it's the best way to spend a few hours of a day off.  Never really been a fan of sitting in a corporate place like Starbucks, I find myself searching for a like place without all of the corporate mumbo jumbo.  In Scottsdale, I think I've found that place in the Coffee Bean on the corner of Miller and Indian School Rd. Set with ample inside and outside seating, the Coffee Bean maintains that traditional coffee house look with it's tables for those who wish to log on to their computers, or couches for those who like to sit around with friends.  The couches are perfectly placed right by the window looking out at the corner streets.  The outside seating is quite lovely too.  The setting is great for those who like to sit out in the sun or if someone just like sitting in the shade to just get some fresh air.  Outside seating is available for those who would prefer the parking lot view, or the cars racing by street view, and smoking is aloud in both. OK, enough about what you get when you walk in and look around, most people go to a place like this for one reason: coffee and maybe a snack.  The house blends are very nice.  There are three choices to choose from, one for those who like strong and bold coffee, one for those who prefer a lighter coffee, and a decaf.  Being a bold person, I choose the Columbian Dark.  Full in flavor, it was fantastic with a dash of cinnamon that you can get from self serve condiment bar (which was very clean.)  Some don't want plain jane coffee, so the latte is another option.  I ordered one of these too, so if the review seems a little flustered, it's the caffeine...mmm, coffee.  It was nicely flavored and quite hot and wonderful for a cool Arizona morning.  The menu also offers a nice selection of iced coffees and iced teas for those not so cool days in Arizona (you know, the other 364 days of the year.) The Coffee Bean also had some tasty confections to eat, and eat I did.  The pastry window had a good, not great variety of morning foods and pastries, but the brownie caught my eye.  I ordered one and had the option of having it heated up.  I did choose against it, because I didn't want it to feel like I was eating a dessert.  Cold pastry=good for breakfast, hot pastry=good for dessert.  The piece I had delivered to me was so big, I knew that I wasn't going to need to eat anything else until dinner.  If I where worried about my weight, I would've shared it, but I would've done so with kicking and screaming the whole way, it was that good. The service was great, and they were kind enough to fix my latte, when I was a knucklehead and placed my order wrong, for free.  I would recommend this place for anyone like me who likes to hang out for days on end getting juiced on caffeine, or for those who want a quick pick me up in the morning.  Prices were about the same as any other coffee shop, but the ambiance of the place makes the Coffee Bean my new dealer of the caffeinated liquid drug that gets me through each day and on to the next review.
4	I'm a huge fan of coffee at all times of the day - but you'll never catch me drinking Starbucks (yuck!).  This location in the Promenade shopping area has a cute little patio out back with plenty of chairs and couches, as well as a good amount of room inside.  A great place to relax with a book or take advantage of their free wi-fi.  Only downsides are that they stop brewing flavored coffee in the afternoon, and it can smell like cig smoke on the patio - must be all those retail employees on their smoke breaks?
4	Good buttery Americanos......MUCH better than Starbucks Coffee. Staff are friendly and fast....and we got the nice comfy couch! A little boring to sit outside as it looks out at the carpark.
3	When we were in Seattle, we went to Tully's.  When we were in Midwest, it was Caribou Coffee.  When we're in SoCal it has to be the Coffee Bean.  And now, we have Coffee Bean in AZ.Each part of the country had it's own Starbucks competitor. I have nothing against the Mermaid of the Death Star, but after a while there is so much of the Schultz Bucks you can take.   The only drawback to The Coffee Bean is that their drip coffee can sometimes be very bitter.Besides these other places provide variety and the Coffee Bean is one of those places.   And, I'm sorry to say, but variety is....
4	Every time I stop by my dry cleaners I have to get one of their ice teas.  They have some very nice flavored teas.
5	The Coffee Bean has the best coffee around....period. Nothin' else to say.
5	Absolutely THE BEST iced coffee.  The coffee is fantastic and the ice they use (it's like pebbles of ice and it takes a long time to melt, so your drink is super cold) really makes this the best cup of iced coffee in the area.  The blended drinks are so much better than any those sugar-coma frappuccinos that Starbucks serves.  Free Wifi, great outdoor seating area, and friendly staff.  As good as it gets.
5	Really love this place, many of my co-workers and I go over and sit and drink every break at work.  The workers there are just amazing they all greet you with a warm smile and a cheery hello.  Not to mention their drinks are by far better then those of Starbucks.  So all around this is the place to be when you get that coffee craving.
4	We finally got one of these in NY.  I grew up on iced blended mochas here.  I went to this location while traveling recently and was so amazed that they have GIANT iced blended mochas at this location.  It was like the super big gulp of iced blended mochas.  I clearly couldn't have one of those all the time, but since I don't get here often, it was totally worth it.  Drank every bit of it (and still didn't' get the weird sugar coma feeling I get from a starbucks frappucinno).
5	Love the Extreme Ultimate Vanilla Ice Blended drink. If you haven't gotten it, get it!
5	My favorite, favorite, favorite spot for a hazelnut latte. I was actually here twice today but Yelp wouldn't let me check-in again...This place is what Starbucks used to be: friendly staff who make perfect, yummy drinks. It's a bit of a wait but they only have like 1 person working as a barista. Great atmosphere for talking and it smells so good in here, not like the dark dungeons of Starbucks. No burnt coffee!!!Only wish they had a drive-thru because yes, I am that lazy.
4	As I wrote in a current review for the Coffee Bean that I visited in Las Vegas, "Coffee Bean is obviously doing something right, they have been serving coffee since 1963 and building new stores." The fact that I have visited a couple of coffee Beans recently and gave them high ratings is another reason that I want to share that Coffee Bean is a coffee house doing the right thing.   I am under the impression that Coffee Bean excells at powdered based coffee beverages. At the locations that I visited they offer powders in lieu of syrups to add flavor to coffee. Their ice blended coffee drinks that taste as highly as their price, is powder based. And, the aroma in the Coffee Bean is powdery.  The Promenade Coffee Bean is an inviting coffee house to relax with a coffee beverage or tea. The seating options include tables, a couch, and outdoor patio seating. Unfortunately you have til 8 p.m. on weekdays and 9 p.m.on weekends to relax with a coffee or tea beverage. Just like my previous review on a Coffee Bean, my complaint is that they close too early.   Coffee Bean is doing the right thing and excelling in their niche of powdered based coffee beverages. In my book, when a business does the right thing, I do the right thing and give them a favorable rating. With that in mind, I rate this Coffee Bean four stars.
5	LOVE you guys - I have been to MANY locations within AZ and CA and have always experienced consistent encounter w/taste of drinks/set up, etc.I almost prefer your powdered flavors over the standard, coffee shop "liquid syrups". Can't get enough of the vanilla - so delish.Pastries/snacks seem to always be fresh and tasty.Ok, strange - but, I even love the shape of your ice! I prefer itty-bitty "pebbles" of ice over ice cubes/chunks. And... I"m a big fan of the color purple and adore that you have purple straws. :)If I had one wish???  It would be GRAND if you all would consider expanding more and adding more locations - especially in the NE Scottsdale, AZ area (hint, hint...). Ha ha!
5	Very friendly staff and great tasting beverages.
3	The first time I've ever been to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.  I was told that I was behind however, when I looked in the DC area there was only ONE so it's justified.  Came here for an early coffee and the service was very friendly.  There was no line so it was rather quick.  The coffee was piping hot and delicious.  I ended up getting an Apple Fritter (something I don't need) and it was delicious as well.  If I'm in the area I would definitely come here again.
5	I usually stop in here after work for a pick-me-up snack and caffeinated drink. The staff remains consistently pleasant, friendly, and attentive. I truly enjoy the flavors of the coffee here much more than Starbucks. The flavor and taste of the coffee is much smoother and delightful. LOVE THIS PLACE.
1	This is your place for stale pastries and coffee that includes the grinds floating around after you remove the top. The 220 calories coffee cake slice ended up being mostly tossed to the birds and my coffee was mistakenly spilled on the table to teach these guys a lesson. Stop serving crap. Never returning. First and last visit.
3	Disclaimer: I don't drink coffee, so I haven't tried it. The staff is nice, there's a great selection, and the location is clean, bright and cute. The patio is huge.  The selection of pastry items is ok, and they list nutrition info. The reason they only get three stars is that I feel that every item that includes powder, mix, or flavoring of any sort, has this strange, artificial aftertaste. This includes their hot chocolate, iced blended drinks, teas, etc. I don't like anything they offer except plain hot tea, and it's just ok.My husband really likes the taste of their beverages, so to him, the extensive menu is a great thing.
5	I first tried a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf while in California, some years ago.  I absolutely loved their Ice Blended drinks.  Then one day I tried Starbucks.  No comparison.  Starbucks uses nasty syrup to flavor their coffees.  Coffee Bean uses a delicious powder for theirs.  Always friendly employees, they are accurate and prompt with your orders.  My very favorite?  A large vanilla Ice Blended, Ultimate (yummy chocolate covered coffee beans), an extra shot of coffee and whipped cream!  Absolute bliss!
5	Friendly, knowledgeable people, and tasty drinks! Give the chai tea latte a cold try! Great for summer in Phoenix!
2	Ok I love coffee bean tea leaf, I love that they have more of a tea selection because I'm not a coffee drinker. But I'm disappointed with the way this location makes it. The past three times I've stopped here it's been wrong. Even with me giving them direction. I think they are more consumed with talking to friends then being a barista.
