4	I read about Crust Pizza and Wine Cafe just a few days ago in this month's issue of 944 magazine, and immediately I was excited to give a try.  The article pointed out that the owner, Mike Berindino, grew up in Long Island, and he learned pizza tossing from his father who owns a couple of small pizzerias in New York.I wasn't extraordinarily hungry, so I just grabbed a slice of Spinach and Broccoli (only $2.50!)  It hit the spot and I'll definitely be back.  The interior is brand-spankin' new and modern, which I liked, and the lighting was calming, however the chairs were a bit hard and uncomfortable for my liking... but I digress.  I could've done without the damn flat-screen, too,  but I gave up on caring about TV's in restaurants long ago.  Why does every business need one, though?Interesting enough, the salads are served in bowls made of crust, but I have yet to try one - I just saw it on the menu.Their website is www.crustscottsdale.com, and I recommend you check it out.  I plan on going back soon to give the Rustica a try, as well as sample some vino, at which time I'll bring a friend so I won't be so critical...Nice place, though!  Maybe a little too nice...
4	This is one of my new favorite places. I went three times in two weeks, and it's not exactly around the corner from my house. I come here for the pizza rustica which is an individual pizza shaped like a huge slice, cut up into smaller slices and served on a bread board. The wine selection is nice, but all of the wines are a bit pricey per glass. It would be great if there were a few nice budget options. I end up paying more for my drink then my dinner! It's a great place though with a wonderful atmosphere (even if it is tucked in a strip mall). Highly recommended!
4	The first time I checked this place out, I was slighty confused about the menu and pizza choices.  Not your typical pizza/wine bar menu (turns out to be a good thing!).  We came at a busy time, and I feel like the wait staff didn't take the time to explain the menu to us.  We ended up ordering the thicker pizza, which was pretty good.  The several times after that we tried a few different items, and loved them!  The Rustica is perfect for one, thin and cheesy.  I also love the Caesar Salad served in a pizza dough bowl....yummy!  On the last visit we tried the Mac and Cheese, which was thick, full of chedder flavor, and just crisp enough on top.  Definitely enough to share!The wine list is pretty extensive, but too pricey by the glass.  The Pinot Grigio I had was $8.00 and nothing special.  It's also disappointing that the happy hour is half off bottles, rather than the glass.  The service is definitely slower than average, which was okay.  And if you go on a busy Saturday night, the place gets very, very loud.   Luckily, the pizza makes up for it!
4	A great neighborhood stop with a pretty extensive menu!!Try their Rustica's - which are their thin-crusted very rustic pizza.  I also took a peek in the window at their Rollatini's which are their version of a calzones - next time I am in I will give them a whirl. We started with bacon wrapped shrimp skewers - WOW allotta love there!!!A good selection of wines, nice interior, modern, clean and pretty inexpensive!My kinda place =0)
4	My family's first time to Crust (we stumbled on it - wife spotted it). Trundled the kids in, and lo and behold - Free WiFi signs about! YES! I said, running back to car for laptop. I fired up YouTube for the kids while wife and I had a chance to meet and greet one another again. "Hi dear, who are you?" and "You look terrific? Where have I met you before?"Service started a bit slow, but waters and drinks came around and then our family medium crust pie later - I loved it, wife said Yeah! and the kids were quiet, glued to video clips and my son ate a bunch of Crust pizza. The Rustica thin crust pizza  seemed to be the Crust calling card, so we;ll have to try those next time too. Well done! And we didn't even try any wine! But next time we're in the hood, we will.
5	This place was a lot of fun - relaxed atmosphere, great food, and great wine.  We ordered the wine of the month for March, which was a Neprica, and immediately afterward had to look up where we could buy it back home.I had the meat rustico, which I would definitely order again.  This was one of my favorite meals while we were visiting Scottsdale.
4	I've eaten here 4 times now.  Have really enjoyed the 4 different dishes I got.  But... one in particular must be recognized.the simple Large Pepperoni Pizza here is outstanding.  Now anyone who digs pizza knows there's various styles.  Crust does the really large, really thin style extremely well.  I've eaten pizza everywhere in town and this is my favorite.  They use high quality large pepperoni, fresh great tasting sauce, and the pizza itself is enormous.One thing they do that I thought was cool... If you're dining in, they serve you half the pizza at a time.  So once you down the first half, they bring out the second half after reheating it in the oven.  A nice touch which you don't get at other pizza joints.I'm pure pizza, so that's why I like this place.  Others may enjoy the beer/wine selection, but I don't know enough to talk about that, other than it is there and looks good.one last thing.. while the quality is high it comes at a slow pace.  everything takes a bit longer than you'd expect.  I guess because their cooking it in their brick oven, but either way.. get an appetizer if you can to fill the time gap.
4	the rustica looks like a penis.thankfully, it tastes like pizza. super thin, crunchy crust pizza. the husband and i went for lunch to the one in scottsdale, the other day. we shared a spinach salad and each had some pizza. the salad was very good and plenty for two people to share. i had the appropriately called "meat" rustica and it was really good. this is the only the second place in phx i've had pizza that doesn't make me feel like i splashed my face in grease after. (grazi is the other). the husband had two slices, which were more than plenty for a meal. they were completely different styles of pie and both were great. we'll definitely hit this one again.
5	I hesitate to write a glowing review because then it will make this great restaurant even more crowded, but it really deserves all 5 stars!  My fiance and I have been going to Crust for a year and a half or so and have always had amazing meals.  The wait staff have always been helpful and friendly, even before they recognized us as "regulars".TOMATO TARTAR: I can't eat at Crust without having their version of bruschetta, it's absolutely amazing.  It was a sad day when during the tomato recall of 2008 they weren't serving it.ROLLATINI (calzone): This is my usual go-to item.  The crust is crisp and buttery with just enough chewiness.  The ingredients are always fresh, the pepperoni tastes great and the cheese is smooth.RUSTICA (pizza): My fiance usually gets the Margharita rustica, not because of the "unusual" shape, but because it tastes so great!BASIC PIZZA: The kids love the standard thin-crust cheese pizza (and these are picky kids, believe me). and indeed they will keep one half of this large (18"?) pie near the oven so it doesn't get cold, but we frequently get this to go.CHICKEN PARMESAN: Two large breasts, perfectly breaded and smothered in their tomato sauce.  I'm a big guy and I've never been able to finish this plate.MAC-N-CHEESE: This is the one dish that I think could have done better. It tasted great, but it came out blister-hot and just wouldn't cool down in the cast-iron dish.  When it finally did cool down it congealed and became a bit gluey.  It tasted fine, but it wasn't my favorite.BAKED ZITI: Another great dish, but beware that it can be very hot (to the touch), comes in a cast-iron dish and stays very warm.CONS: The only thing I dislike (as another reviewer mentioned) is the TV screens.  They always seem to have "the game" on, but fortunately I don't recall the volume is ever turned up.  They don't really need them IMO. Reserve the big center table for your large party (we brought a large group totalling 8 people once) and enjoy the great food!
4	According to Jimmy Buffet what is the eighth deadly sin?.............................. Pizza! After a trip to the far east where I got a pizza made with puff pastry dough I was ready for the real thing. I've read other reviews of this place and wanted to try it. The restaurant is on the small side, but has a modern comfortable feel to it. Having read other Yelper's reviews I went straight for the Meat Rustica pizza. I know what you are thinking, but I like thin crust pizza. After a beer and more than a few minutes, the pizza arrived. Now I guess everyone has their own point of view, but I think the pizza looks like a bikini bottom. Anyway, the pizza was flavorful and not dripping with grease. It was the perfect size for lunch so I finished it. The only thing that I wished they had done was cook it a tad more. Now it might had been the fresh tomatos, but the middle of the pizza was not crispy. Not soggy, but I would like it a bit crispier. I will be back to sample more of their food and sin some more.
3	This could've easily been a four-star review!  Thin-crust pizza lovers- you will love Crust's thin-crust. I ordered a personal-sized bianca ($8.50)- a four-cheese (mozzarella, ricotta, romano, and parmesan) with garlic and marinated tomatoes on a default white dough (Crust offers wheat crust by request!).  Others have mentioned the pizza's phallic appearance- I don't think it does look like one, but I do think it looks ugly.  Almost a turn-off, actually, but once I took a bite of that crust, I was hooked!  I almost went for the special (I was told on the phone that it was an all-day affair) of a slice of pizza, salad, and drink for $6.50, but upon inquiring came to find out that it was only the cheese pizza (Crust's house- mozzarella and house marinara) with a side salad (I was hoping it would be my choice of their salads, as some places do offer this option).  Upon my mention of the special, Mitch (my server who was also the bartender) had the specials board erased.  So much for the info I was given over the phone.  So why three stars and not four?  I had to ask for bread to be brought to the table (slightly sweet with great textures), which isn't a big deal as most places are doing that these days, but it would be nice if it was offered, instead of my asking since I had already barraged the poor guy with so many questions.  I'd asked for the wine list and couldn't find any mention of any wine-by-the-glass offered during happy hour (only beers), so I had to hail Mitch over again to ask about that.  FYI, Crust offers a merlot and a pinot grigio, each $6, during HH.  I was very curious to find out what ingredients were used in the making of their meatballs (for possible allergens), but I decided to save that question for my next visit.  When I asked for a box for the leftovers, the slices were returned to me sitting on a paper plate and placed inside a tented brown paper bag- this wouldn't do as I had other errands to run before returning home, so I asked for a closed container.  Thankfully, Mitch remembered about the to-go pasta rounds.I inquired earlier if the cannoli filling was made with powdered sugar, and Mitch assured me that it wasn't, so I had a mini-cannoli for dessert.  $1.25 will get you one that is about 2.5 inches in length and about an inch in diameter.  The filling's a little sweeter than other cannolis I've had, but still very good!  I really liked the shell- crunchy, light and flaky, without a greasy aftertaste!  (No grease on the fingers, either!)Restroom was clean and spacious.  The pizzaiolo was friendly and greeted everyone hello and goodbye.  I'll definitely visit again!
2	My review can be summed as: I didn't love it. To put in another way: this joint is perfectly mediocre. Mediocre service, mediocre menu, mediocre food. I won't and don't go back (even when there's a wait next door at Sakana Sushi). I had the Rustica--basically a giant, extra doughy, over-priced slice of pie. Did not love. My friend had an unmemorable pasta dish.
5	I moved to AZ from the east coast 14 years ago and have found many pizza places and none are a real new york "Italian" style pizza except for Crust. WOW. The Rustica is Fantastica. Fresh Cheese, fresh sauce and only the best of ingredients. Not only is the pizza fantastic but the service is wonderful, clean and friendly. As for the selection of wine...that too is great. The guys at crust know their wine and have something for everyone without breaking the bank.All my neighbors and friends love it and we will all keep going.Yours tastefullyElena Johnson
5	EVERYTIME!!! my food is Awesome and the service is so comforting . . I LOVE IT!! I really need to stop ordering my sliders. . but I am addicted to them. . .Service is the best you can get and the food is awesome. . .BEST PIZZA / WINE BAR EVER !!!!!!!
5	I am writing this review on my 3rd visit to Crust in Scottsdale.I sat for the first time at the bar-top (on a date which was great BTW)- one of the owners was there, the norm I have come to notice, and as always took great care of us.  I tried the 'Duke Special Sangria' as well as the wine-tini, both wonderful ask for them next time you are in!!Best pizza/wine bar ever, and believe me, I LOVE PIZZA! Just ask around...
4	Great service great food! The pizza isn't for everyone so if your a jerk who likes dominos you won't appriciate this amazing pizza! It's thinner than humble pie (at least the rustica) but not as thin as sauce ( which is nowhere near as good as this place) GO NOW!
4	First of all, I am not a huge pizza fan.  Therefore, you are not likely to find me doing somersaults, and singing "Some Enchanted Evening" over a piece of pizza.Nonetheless, I give Crust 4 stars.  I greatly enjoyed their Rustica.  This thin crust, personal sized pizza (I had the meat Rustica) was loaded with fresh ingredients, and most enjoyable.  Another unexpected surprise was a fairly nice wine list to go along with your Sicilian fare.The only thing that kept Crust from 5 stars was that the experience was lacking.  To go from good to great, you must learn to present your patrons with a wonderful experience.  The service was good, not great.   On the experience meter, I would give them a two.Crust, work on delivering a world class, Disney type experience and I think you could really explode.  Your food was great!  My experience was mediocre.Nonetheless, if someone ever asks me where to go for a nice slice of Sicily, I will happily recommend Crust Pizza & Wine Cafe.PS - the videos you provided on your website sold me to come to your establishment.  Otherwise, I probably wouldn't have driven 22 miles for a piece of pizza.  Congrats on sharing your story in a memorable way.
4	Ready for today's introduction by way of tortured metaphor?Crust is a pretty good restaurant that seems to be struggling with it's signature.  Is it the fine, loopy John Hancock of the hand-stretched Rustica?  The decorative and celebratory graffiti tag of a slice of New York style thin-crust?  The fun scribble of a salad served in a bread boule - described as "Crusted!" by the menu?As far as I'm concerned, the ambiguity doesn't really matter.  We indulged in a little more here than we normally do at a restaurant, thanks to a super-awesome coupon.  Here's what we had:A Tuscan salad of some sort, spinach-based in the aforementioned boule - crisp and tasty, not drenched in sauce.  The bread boule was definitely a nice touch.  The house-made croutons were fresh and delicious.The artichoke dip was pretty standard fare - tons of cheese, with spinach and artichokes baked in, served with the aforementioned croutons and some not-so-fresh tasting tortilla chips.  Solid.The pizzas - we got two Rusticas to split.  These occupied awkward territory, portion-wise.  Each was probably a a bit too big for most person to finish alone, yet too small to bring home a satisfying follow-up leftover party - definitely too small for two to share.Still, for $8.50, you definitely get a satisfying penisesque-pie.We ordered the one with pesto, which I was nervous about - a lot of restaurants serve their pesto pizza drenched in the oil-y goodness, but this was instead served with a tasteful red pesto sauce that hit all the right notes.  The other pie was a little more forgettable, but still solid.My one knock on this restaurant - and why I would give it a 3.5, instead of a 4 - is the namesake - the crust.  The crust at the end of each piece was charred and hard.  Not crunchy, like a well-done wood-roasted pizza, like the pies at Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco, but straight up hard.Still, in light of the affordability, tastiness, and nice, relaxed atmosphere, this place leans more towards 4 than 3.
5	9/15After ordering take-out from Goldman's Deli, I decided to stop at Crust to try their happy hour (50% off all apps and a few alcoholic beverages, with 50% off glasses of wine).  Even though I arrived 15 minutes before happy hour (4:30p start till 6:30p?), Mike, one of the owners/chefs told me I could order off the menu.  How nice of him!A coworker testified that the filet mignon sliders were pretty good, so I chose the small plate (3 sliders), originally $11, and a glass of Riesling.  While I waited for the sliders to arrive, I devoured the deli sandwich from Goldman's (loved the textures and flavors, but not the price!).  The sliders arrived after about fifteen minutes- not too long for what was to be one of the best sliders I've tasted in recent memory!  Loved the crunchy exterior of the bread, as well as the color.  (I took some home to enjoy at a later date, and I'm happy to say they were just as great re-heated in the toaster oven!)  The filet mignon strips were very tender and juicy, and the accompanying horseradish cream sauce was splendid!  Not a drop of it was left on my plate, this I can assure you  :)  Oh, and what about the au jus?  I only tasted saltwater with a little bit of meat essence.  Pass.  The sliders and cream sauce were flavorful enough to make the au jus unnecessary.You'd think that half a deli sandwich and three steak sliders would've been enough, but rich entrees (and the cream sauce was very creamy and rich) usually make me crave for something sweet, so I went ahead and placed an order of the nutella pizza (same Rustica crust, with nutella, sliced strawberries and banana, and dollops of vanilla bean ice cream), minus the banana.  Please note that there is at least a fifteen-minute wait for this OUTSTANDING hazelnut and chocolate pizza.  Oh my...  I'd come back just to order it again and ravage it all by myself =)
5	Deeeelicious!! I wasn't expecting much based on the location of this joint - strip mall off of Indian Bend and Hayden, but I should know that these are actually some of the best restaurants! Loved the atmosphere inside - plenty of comfy booth seating; loved the service - drink was never empty, service was prompt; and most of all loved the food! We ordered the Buffalo salad to start.  This was the best version of a Caprese salad I've ever had. It was atop fresh crispy lettuce and there were roasted bell peppers thrown in, too.  I loved how thin the mozzarella was sliced and how tasty the tomatoes were.  For our main entrees, the three of us ordered individual pizzas. Two of us ordered the Bella Rosa.  This had a tomato pesto, sun dried tomatoes, and basil on a whole-wheat crust.  So not only was this absolutely amazing and crispy to perfection, but it was fairly healthy! My dad had a pizza with mozarella and tomatoes, which he ate every last bite of.  I love how thin and crispy the crust is, how they serve the individual pizzas on a big cutting board (with enough pizza to take home leftovers!), and how the prices are pretty reasonable.  For three pizzas, a large salad, a coke, and tea the bill was $38.  I will definitely be returning to this place soon!
4	10/12Happy 2nd anniversary, Crust!To celebrate Crust's 2nd Ann'y, the entire menu, minus hard liquor, was going for 50% off today!  I decided I'd order my fave Rustica bianca, as well as two other selections I've wanted to try: the Crusted Mac 'n Cheese and the Pasta alla Forno.  The mac 'n cheese is too-die-for!  Love that crust topping and toasted cheeses- count 'em, there's five: fontina, velveeta, romano-pecorino, parmesan, and cheddar?  I'll have to double-check sometime soon ;)  The Pasta alla Forno is also very tasty; the peas lend the dish a sweetness that I like.  Oh, but the mac 'n cheese...  For dessert, I'd ordered the Nutella pizza, but with everything included (I was going to try eating bananas again).  I forgot to stipulate "no powdered sugar," so after the 15-minute wait, I was presented this pretty dessert pie, but I couldn't enjoy it due to all the powder.  It was promptly removed, but I'd have to wait another 40 minutes for a new batch (the resto was packed).  I must've had a pretty sad face on while waiting for my ticket, bec. Mike came out and offered me a complimentary mini-cannoli.  I was still pretty sad about missing out on all of that Nutella goodness, but after a couple of cannoli bites, I was once again my happy self :D  BTW, the leftovers warm up well!
4	10/27OK, I've decreed that Crust is my favorite pizza and wine restaurant!  (That is, until a few friends prove to me otherwise that there are better NY-style/thin-crust pizza joints in the valley.)  Not only does Crust offer up super-crispy and flavorful Rustica pizzas ("hand-stretched"), but their 20" thin-crust round pies (I've tried the Little Nicky- white pie w/ fresh spinach and tomatoes) and pasta dishes (crusted mac 'n cheese is delicious both fresh and re-heated) are good, too!I am IN LOVE w/ Crust's filet mignon sliders w/ horseradish cream sauce.  This time the au jus reduction was SUBLIME, and oh so garlicky!  I was told that the "regular" chef was working that day.  To the unnamed chef, I salute you!  :)  The table bread, which you will have to specially request or you won't get any, was great w/ either butter or dunked into the au jus.  MMmm!As if the steak sliders and the decadent cream sauce ($4.50 for 3 pcs, HH menu) weren't enough- I've got to find out where I can get my hands on those buns these sliders are served on!- I went ahead and ordered a pot of brownie sundae ($9.50).  This was my first time ordering the brownie sundae and had not realized it came served in a mini-caulderon-style pot.  Should you decide to order this sweet, make sure you have at least two other tablemates w/ you to share the wealth!  The walnut brownie came w/ sliced bananas, fudge sauce, and a scoop of ice cream and then topped w/ homemade whip cream and a maraschino cherry!  If you're a sundae fan, you'll love this delectable sweet pot!Addendum 10/30:So why not 5 stars?  The atmosphere here isn't as inviting as it could be.  I never minded much about this quality until I spent happy hour with three friends at Cork last night.  (What a beautiful and cozy space Cork has!  Cork review coming soon!)  I'm assuming it's intentional- this being a pizza and wine cafe, the owners want quick turnovers.  Am I right?  Hmm...
3	Crust is the type of restaurant that is worth checking out, but not quite worth coming back for again.  Everything about it is alright:  the ambiance is alright, the food is alright and the service is alright, but nothing really makes this pizza place stand out from the zillion other pizza places in Scottsdale.  According to their menu, they are known for their "hand stretched" Rustica pizza (the one that is shaped like thong underwear), however even that was mediocre.  We decided to try their famous thong pizza, along with a few other slices of pepperoni and sausage pizza and a fried mozzarella appetizer.  The fried mozzarella was decent, but nothing memorable or especially good compared to other places.  The slices of pizza were pretty good sized and tasty, which was fortunate since we had to wait about 45 minutes after we finished our slices to get our Rustica!  They must have been doing a lot of hand stretching back there, because it sure did take a long time for it to arrive.  It was good, but nothing we would want to wait nearly an hour for again.  To sum up, if you're in the mood for a decent enough pizza, then go to Crust, but just don't expect to have really memorable or exceptional dining experience because you will be disappointed when that doesn't happen.
4	This place has great pizza and an amazing antipasta salad. The pizza is HUGE!!! So big that they only brought half of it to our table, then put the other in a box. Only con is there full size pizzas are a little pricey... and they need more servers because we waited for awhile for our waitress to come back by to fill drinks.
3	i'm torn about giving stars to places where the food is really tasty but left feeling angry about service. i burned a bridge tonight with Crust. first let me say, the pizza was darn good. we had a mozz, tomato, basil and it tasted super fresh and crispy.but we brought in a coupon for a few bucks off a pizza. we are having happy hour, gratuitiously, with lots of apps and beers. then we order our pizza. and come to find out, they wouldn't accept the coupon. so i raised a stink. and ultimately, i understand the argument....about not taking the coupon. but we had it sitting on the table, in plain view of the waitress. however, she conveniently neglected to notice it until after she brought the check. so i bickered about it.....enough....the pizza was admittidely good, but i just left super pissed at the whole coupon ordeal....bummer.
3	While I'm not a huge fan of Crust, I can dig it. My office is right nearby so we find ourself there for drinks every once in a while. They have a good happy hour with ice cold Peroni. Can't find fault with that. Love the icy cold glasses as well.As far as the food, I'm mixed. I'm not a fan at all of their medium crust square pizza. Does nothing for me. Not a fan of the texture. That was my first experience with Crust and it took me a long while to go back.My next experience was ordering their thin crust 20" pies to go. They were actually quite good. We've now done that a number of times and they have been consistently good. I'm a fan of those. I have also had their hand stretched rusticas a few times and they are nice too. As far as non-pizza food, the only thing I've is their meatball sliders. They were fine but nothing special.So I guess I'd say that to me, Crust is somewhat inconsistent. I'm a big fan of their happy hour, their cold beer and their 20" thin crust. Outside of that, it's been hit & miss.
3	So having lived in Arizona for quite sometime in my very recent past......i can overlook the strip mall exterior.  The key to success in these parts is whether or not the restaurant can make you forget you are in a strip mall once you are inside.It has a great cafe feel, with the community style seating. It feels warm and cozy, with the wood fire burning stove cooking up pizza as the focal point.  The wine list is diverse, although I am not positive my server knew the definition of a dry wine, but eeh.......he was young and I'm no sommelier.  My friend and i were able to split a pasta dish and selected our own half order of salad, this was a healthy serving of food. It is reasonably priced and the ingredients are fresh.  It's a strong menu with equally healthy and not so healthy options. I was a little put off by the rush from our server to get me to sign my tab, but not a huge rush for him to take our order........Menu's closed....take my order, wine still in the glass.........leave my tab alone.Despite that little annoyance, i enjoyed it and recommend it.
5	I love this place!! I've been here 3 or 4 times now and have never been disappointed! So far, we've tried the rusticas, the thin pie, the mozzarella encorozza (have to get it!) and even the Club sandwich!! Everything has been delicious!! In addition to the great food, the service couldn't be better either - our servers have been friendly, courteous and always ask how everything was. Not to mention, I've seen each of the owners back behind the bar serving customers as well! It's a good place for pizza and you're not compromising anything in return!! Go already!
5	This is the definition of a hidden gem! Nestled in a strip mall, this cute little place will leave you delighted and stuffed! The extensive menu offers heaping portions and endless options. I've had their eggplant entree, greek salad, artichoke dip, pizza, etc. and I have no complaints about a single one of them! Everything is fantastic! I even took my incredibly picky parents to this place and they've been back 4 or 5 times...now that's truly telling of the place.
2	i have a SUPER hard time giving this place less than 3 stars. I am convinced it was an off day. I went a few weeks back and went back and forth on whether or not i should write a review.  I normally wouldn't review it until after i gave it a second chance but i honestly don't see myself ever giving it a second chance. so because of that i will rate based on my belief that this place actually is better than my experience.i want to start with the positive. i like the casual space and i love the chef standing by the oven. he is so cute. looks like he's straight off of a nintendo game. mario-esque. he looks like he's totally just jolly and humming while he works. i love him. i also like the prices.now to the nitty gritty. we were in a rush and i had heard they do pizza by the slice. sounds fast to me.well, it wasn't.  we take a seat at the bar and the bartender is basically on the other side shouting at us? i wasn't even sure he was talking to us. did he want us to shout across and over all of the other people at the bar? this wasn't a loud place, it was actually super quiet in there so the shouting was very awkward and obnoxious. i like to be greeted somewhat close to my face, not shouted at. made me really uncomfortable. then he was chit chatting on his phone, it was obviously a personal call. we just sat waiting and waiting to order our slices. finally he makes it close to us to take our order and the jolly pizza oven man gets to work :) I'm not sure what took so long after that but it took forever to get our slices. we were there for 30 minutes when i had expected it to take about 5-10. my friend got the plain cheese slice and i got the prosciutto arugala slice. both were pretty nasty. mine smelled like feet and fish. that went in the trash. we split her cheese slice to hold us over until we had time to pick up something else.
4	Have been enjoying Crust since it opened about 2 years ago. The pizza is very good!! Comes in a cute eiffel tower shape. The deserts are awesome and you can take them to go!! The wine selection is pretty small but they are choice bottles without being overpriced! The owners are very laid back but its a fun little small place.
4	My husband and I just felt like a pizza and we had not been to crust in a while.We made it 10 minutes before happy hour was over and the server was so accomodating and let us do the entire meal on happy hour. With what you get on happy hour, and what the final bill is, I don't see why this place does not have a line outside waiting to get in. Oh, did I forget to mention the food is very, very good.
4	****3.5 STARS****I came here Friday night for some dinner and to meet up with an old friend from long ago who was in from out of town.  I had never been here before, and thought it was worth a shot.  I wanted some place nice, but not to pretencious, so we came to crust.The place is really nicely decorated, classy, simple yet elegant, and pleasing to the eye.  If I lived closer, I could see coming here for a glass of wine and a small appitizer during happy hour or early on a Saturday evening.  The place is on the small side, but they have a decent seating arrangement making the most of thier space.  The place seems to fill up quickly, so if you left waiting, your stuck hanging out on the sidewalk.  I really liked their wine and alcohol menu, and the staff seems to be educated and knowledgeable from what I could tell.  Menu had a great selection of food, and I had a hard time deciding what to get.I ended up getting a glass of Reisling wine with a dish of Macaroni and Cheese.  I know, Mac and Cheese you say?  I wanted to keep it simple, and was really eyeing the filet mignon sliders, but decided at the last minute to go with the mac and cheese.  I will say the Mac and Cheese was good, but I wasn't blown away. I don't regret getting it, but I wasn't taken aback by it.  The presentation of it was nice, but I think it came out to crispy on the top. Service was quick, friendly and professional.  Great for dates, fussy parents (like mine) or a nice night out with a girlfriend.  Menu selection was broad in dishes and prices, and decor was pleasant and relaxing.  I would reccomend stopping in and checking this place out.
4	My 5 mo pregnant wife was in the mood for Pizza last night as was my 2 yr old daughter and I never shy away from a good pie.  The problem is that we struggle with good pizza joints outside of our usual spots (Red Devil, Oregano's & NYPD).  Oregano's and NYPD were slammed because of bike week so we stumbled upon Crust as we eat Sushi next door and figured we'd give it a shot. The place is quaint and nicely decorated.  They have a great little bar, a decent selection of beer and a good wine selection.  I ended up having a couple cold Peroni's and a glass of the house chianti.  They also have some nice flat screens so I was able to watch the Dbacks & the NBA playoffs (always a plus in my book).  Our server & service was great and the food was even better.  We started with a cesar salad which came in a fresh "pizza crust" bowl.  It's hard to mess up a cesar but this one was really good, lots of freshly grated parmesan cheese & dressing and hand made croutons.  Obviously we ordered pizza, fresh mozzarella, tomato & basil with pepperoni and sausage.  The pizza was excellent and the thin crust was amazing.  They are brick oven pies and they cool and unique thing is they bring you out half of the pie first and then second half when your ready which assures it's always fresh out of the oven.  We'll definitely come back!  If you're up in that area (Indian Bend & Hayden) you should check it out!  You won't be disappointed.
3	Picked up a pizza after work the other day. It was alright. Nothing special but not bad. We just got pepperoni since the girlfriend is fairly unadventurous when it comes to toppings so maybe if i got  a specialty pie I'd like it more. I'll give it another shot, and dine in next time as well.
4	I live nearby, and thoroughly enjoy Crust as my local pizza spot. The people are always nice, and usually, waits are minimal to non-existent. The New York Rustica is my fave, though most everything I've tried has been worth it!
4	I like this place. It was my second time there and this time I ventured past the awesome pizza.  That is why it only gets 4 stars.  The mac and cheese was like easy mac, baked.  Not impressive at all.  The other dishes were great, Caesar salad and Bella Rosa pizza.  So, stick to the pizza, which is fantastic and you'll love this restaurant.
4	I think more people should give this place a try!  I've always gotten a crust salad when I come here - it's a great idea, similar to a taco salad bowl, except flavorful, crispy chewy pizza crust makes the bowl. The portion is just right, not a giant salad, but enough to satisfy.  Also - the fried mozzarella is perfect, with a robust sauce and cheesy fried goodness. I will have to get around to trying the pizza one day!
4	Nice suprise. Stopped for quick lunch. Wood oven smell filled the room. Nice to see a Greek salad on the menu. It was cleverly presented inside of a pizza crust. Hence the name. Warm and perfectly toasted crust brushed with oregano and evoo. Added the antipasta. To make it..."now that's Italian". Very friendly bartender/ owner. Will be back.
4	This place is great! From the outside it's pretty nondescript, but once inside it's a charming Italian eatery and wine bar that solicits the feel of old Italy without the expensive cost of airfare and lodging. They have also recently undergone renovations that have increased their size by almost double! The food is delicious (the antipasto is excellent, as is the Tuscan white bean salad), and their wine list is quite extensive! They also offer delicious specialty cocktails if wine is not your forte. Their happy hour menu includes a large selection of their every day menu items, and drinks are heavily discounted. Also, depending on the night, wine bottles are half off! I would absolutely recommend this place to friends and family looking for a good place to relax and enjoy some Italian fare!
5	For my second visit to Crust, I convinced my friends who are also mothers of twins to go and have our girls night.  We had an awesome time.  The pizza rustica is so delicious.  I wolfed it down so fast I didn't realize I had no left overs for my husband to take home.  We were having such a great time and a nice couple on the next table decided to buy our wine bottles. That was a really sweet gesture. I can't wait to come back.  Actually, I am going to check out their new restaurant on Tatum and Bell.  Our server mentioned it opened a couple of days ago.  That branch is closer to us and I was told Toni, the guy at the oven making the pizzas will be there.
4	Wanted to give this place 5 stars, but couldn't because they have no beers on tap, and a very limited selection of bottled beers.  However, this is a great little neighborhood pizza joint.  The staff was friendly and attentive, and the open kitchen with it's large brick oven adds a nice touch to the dining room.  I had the Pepperoni and Ham Rollatini, and it was delicious. The meat inside was perfectly balanced with the cheese, and the crust had a crispness that you can only get from a brick oven.  Everything at Crust was great and I'm sure I'll be back soon.
5	8/28, 9/11, 10/1, and 10/12Crust is still in my regular rotation, no surprise to some of you, I know... After a few updates, I usually won't add another review unless I try something worth yelping about!  Aug. 28th's Rustica Bianco was definitely a joy to experience!  Or perhaps I'd stayed away too long?  No, this pie really stood apart from the previous Rusticas I've ingested, and I believe it was the added seasoning I detected that I'd never seen before (and didn't see again in the pies that followed).  9/11 was the day Mom and I tried a couple of new items- new to us, that is- the Eggplant parm, which was served in a crust.  I was speechless!  Mom was enjoying her Spinach salad (we ordered it w/ a crust), and didn't care to try the eggplant.  She did, however, tear off a couple of pieces of  the entree's crusty bowl.  This dish is best eaten fresh from the oven, so bring a couple of friends to help you polish it off!  I also learned of the arrival of Nick's (correct me on the supplier's name if I'm wrong, Mitch!) Gelatos on this visit... I was given the green light to sample as many flavors as I'd wanted... I'd enjoyed so many flavors, it was hard to choose one to take back to the table!  We tried a new Rustica variety on 10/1- the Bella Rossa (again, new to us...).  This pizza was absolutely a beauty to behold, and I really enjoyed the wheat crust-- this is the only Rustica variant that is served on wheat.  However, we both found it too salty, which we credited to the presence of olives in the pesto sauce and the sun-dried tomatoes.  Almost docked this review a star, but decided the effort was there, and that wheat crust...  10/12 marked Crust's 3rd ann'y, and I wanted to help Crust celebrate!  Crust's expansion proved to be a smart move, but I couldn't help thinking perhaps Crust should've gone for even more square footage!  The turnout was just unbelievable!  And to mark the special day, I chose two specialy entrees to try: one I'd had my eye on since first visiting Crust a couple of years ago (Sausage, Spinach, and White Beans pasta), and one Mitch is particularly proud of- the Chicken Francese pasta.  We both loved the sausage entree!  I adored the light garlicky sauce, and we both thought the presence of white beans ingenious!  The beans not only enhanced all the other flavors in the dish, but also added a hearty texture that we found very pleasing!  This entree also proved to survive reheating the next day.  Sadly, I've had to give up chicken as a meat option, so it was up to Mom to give me all the details, which I had to wait for until the following night, bec. she'd eaten her fill of Rustica Bianco!  Great news, Mitch-- Mom loved this dish!  The battered and pan-fried chicken cutlets were juicy and paired well w/ the beurre blanc sauce.  No wonder you're a proud Papa!Four dining events marked by new flavors worthy of a Yelp, and a higher rating!
2	Horrible horrible service.Came around noon on a thursday and there were 2 tables seated besides my table. The busser brought our waters and iced tea fairly quickly and then ten minutes later our server finally came to take our order.So, we ordered a greek salad which came out pretty quickly and then we noticed that the two other tables got their pizzas right after we finished our salad. So another twenty minutes goes by and still no pizzas, finally after a half an hour our server came over and said there was a computer malfunction and that our pizzas would be there in the next ten minutes. Needless to say, the pizza was good which is why I gave it two stars. Other than that, I will probably never come back.
2	The food is really nothing special.  We've been to many pizza and wine restaurants and this is one I wouldn't go back to for a few reasons. Mainly because the food was just average at best. The artichoke dip was not great, the bread was hard as a rock and the chips were stale. The pizza was just kind of blah. The service also was not so great, the waiter forgot our salad and completely spaced out ordering one of our pizzas, which actually, we were glad to see because we didn't really want it after trying the first one.  There are better places to go for sure.
5	Finally! An amazing cheese pie! My fiance is from Long Island and we've been all around the Valley trying to find something that comes close to the delicious pizza of his past. They have some great wine and food specials and serve yummy gelato on site. Their pizza salads are really great as well. If you're in the area, definitely stop by this gem, they won't disappoint!
4	Great place to sit at the bar and watch the roaring pizza oven on a cold Arizona winter night.  We stumbled upon this place one night, when the Sushi place next door looked to packed to get in.  I'm glad we stopped by. Pretty good caesar, served in a bread bowl.  We decided to share their smaller thin crust pizza shaped like Italy (I think) great spicy marinara, and pepperoni.  Washed it all down with a couple brews and a glass of wine for the wife.  At the end of dinner, we got a couple of bite sized gelato cones at $1 a piece.  Great way to end a meal without gorging on a big dessert.  This would be a good place to meet up with friends, and share a pie and some good wine.  Another great little Scottsdale gem.
2	So it's Saturday night. The girlfriend and I are watching our colleges play some top notch basketball while having a few adult beverages. After one school wins, mine U of A, we decide it's time for dinner. Well what  goes better with basketball and beers than pizza? We were proven very wrong......So we ordered Crust because her sister had a great pizza a week earlier  and it was close. We decided the classic Hawaiian pizza would hit the spot for us tonight. We called in and they said it would take around 20 minutes which was perfect.We arrived just in time and bought our $25 pizza as it was coming out of the oven. We got home and opened up the anticipated box too see our classical favorite....needless to saw we were shocked.Crust's take on a Hawaiian pizza is the biggest miss I have ever seen in a classic pizza. Don't get me wrong I appreciate a new twist on an old classic but this was sheer laziness. First off it's a square not round pizza this in my mind was a plus due to the thickness and crispiness. However that was the only plus to the whole pizza. For those of you that went to public elementary school do you remember pizza day? Its was a square greasy piece of pizza with cubed pepperoni. Well the Hawaiian pizza at Crust isn't far off.The pizza came out with 8 large slices and a medium thick crust. The cheese and meat looked like deli slices you would pick up at safeway laid on top not even covering the pizza. The final touch was canned cubed pineapple on top of the deli meat and cheese.If you are looking for a $25 pizza your toddler can make but want to call it a Scottsdale fusion then I suggest you run to Crust. If not then I  would suggest Papa Johns....they deliver....
5	Excellent restaurant, food excellent.  Whole Wheat Pizza dough is a must, Grandma's pizza was excellent. Greek Salad was served in a bread bowl--Excellent!   Waiter and Waiter Assistants outstanding. Did not care for the booth being so close to the door, as the cold air was not pleasant to deal with during dinner. Will definitely return!!!
5	Awesome, we had the meat and cheese board it was very good and I particularly liked the pizza. The sauce had a really good flavor. My husband who is a pizza snob said it could have used more toppings, maybe more pepperoni I guess.Service was great. Lots of fun.
4	I wasn't expecting anything great from this place.  Just another pizza place in a strip mall blah blah blah.  However, I was pleasantly proven wrong and this place puts out a very respectable pizza.I went here with a party of 4 a few days ago.  It was a weeknight at about 7:30 and the place was pretty crowded but we were seated promptly.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  She also brought me a carafe of ice tea so she wouldn't have to keep running back to refill me.  I know it is stupid but it is the little details that matter to me.  Anyway, about the food:* Caesar and Greek Salads = The full is enough to share with 2-3 people but the bread bowl they serve it in is a bit of a waste if you ask me because I try not to fill up on bread before my pizza.  Anyway, the salads were pretty good.* Grandma's and Little Nicky Pizza = EXCELLENT!! We all shared 1 large that was half Grandma's and half Little Nicky.  It was more than enough for 4 people.  The crust was awesome as it should be given this place's name.  Not too hard, not too soft, not floppy, not too chewy, etc. etc.  The Little Nicky was phenomenal and I am definitely getting that next time along with some other ones I want to try.  I just hope they will let me split a pizza among 3-4 different kinds.  I also want to try that "thong" pizza.Pro Tips:* Get the Local Dines 50% off gift cert ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Works like a champ and well worth it!* Don't get the gelato.  I tried it and I think it was old and freezer burned.  The flavors aren't even that good.  They got me with the small cone for $1, but it wasn't even worth it.
5	An absolutely awesome little spot tucked away in a stripmall which proves that great food can found in the most unassuming of locations!The pizzas are outstanding, most notably the thin crust pies. The sauces are beautifully balanced, the cheeses properly dispersed and the salumis perfectly crisp and juicy. Along with a nice red you cannot go wrong.Our server was also one of the owners and he was incredibly helpful and friendly. I left feeling like we were long lost friends, and I felt like my dollar and patronage really mattered. Find this place and you will find a great dining experience. And eventhough it's small, they take kindly to kids, which us a bonus when my son and I have pizza night.
4	A few weekends ago the hubs and I went to a hot air balloon festival at the Salt River Fields. Sadly, it was cold and windy, so our night of hot air balloon magic was shot by 8pm. On our way home we decided to stop by Crust for some dinner and drinks - we were both starving.This place is small, but has many tables. The atmosphere is kind of loud, but is dark and soon you don't even hear the noise around you. The first thing we did (as usual) was open the wine list and see what we could get. I was a little disappointed when I saw the wine prices. I am not a great wine drinker. I do not have discriminating tastes. At most restaurants you find a range of prices on the glasses and bottles so cheapskates and non-fancy people like me can enjoy a glass of vino for around $6 - $8. They did not offer anything under $11 a glass - which is fine, but I was a little sad (again, unfancy cheapie = me).We ended up ordering some garlic knots - SO delicious but SO unhealthy. I loved them :). We also ordered their equivalent of a calzone, which was yummy. We had thought about ordering a pizza, but wanted to try something different. Next time we go we are definitely ordering some pizza, as all of the tables around us were enjoying some and it looked GOOD! Def recommend you stop by - hooray for hole-in-the-walls :).
4	Now I haven't been to Crust since the first 6 months of them opening, back in '09 I believe it was, but I used to stop by atleast once a week on the way home because their pizza was my favorite. Cool atmosphere, and the chefs/employees are nice. I remember the chef would always look at me with a crooked eye when I ordered a Ham/Pineapple/Garlic Stromboni (I think it was called), but I haven't found a place yet in San Diego that has better pizza. Hope things are well!
4	Been here a few times. The food was good and made to order. It is a nice place with a friendly staff. They give you a nice size portion for what you pay and have a nice variety of pasta, pizzas and entrees to choose from. I will be going back.
4	Love this place. I get the Pizza Rustica with sausage/pepperoni every time. It's a wonderful thin crust. Good salads and wine. Not as big a fan of the larger pizza. Stick with the individual Rustica (it comes on it's own wooden plank).Pretty good gelato for dessert also!
5	Crust is kinda hidden and I didn't really know what to expect when going in... I was surprised to see so many reviews on file here. It's tucked away behind a grocery store. I've eaten at the sushi place next door before, but I think that was before Crust moved in. Anyway, I was in here today to speak with one of the owners and left with a giant pizza. It looked too delicious to not take one home. You can see the giant open mouth oven with a giant flame toasting up the goodness as you walk in. They were making some interesting odd-shaped pies and their toppings looked high quality. Of course, they hand-toss.The decor was really nice and I definitely want to come back to have a sit-down dinner. They have a Gelato bar in the corner as well and it took every ounce of strength for me not to order up some of that too... gotta watch my weight, right? The staff was all really nice and the part-owner was really cool.When I got home with my pizza, it was still really hot and gooey... gotta love how well pizza travels in Arizona. Giant flavorful pepperonis and huge chunks of fresh juicy pineapple covered the pie and the sauce was very unique - they apparently bottle it up for sale. It's a little on the spendy side, but you definitely get what you pay for. I'm a fan now and this only goes to further solidify my belief that Arizona is one of the best places in the country to find awesome pizza.
5	Unbelievable sandwiches! Good service.
3	Eh, not that impressive is this place. I actually rather enjoyed the decor of this place. I think the best thing about it was the brick oven. Anyways my friend and I ordered the meat and cheese board. Kind of lacking in the quality of meats and cheeses. Then we ordered that Grandma's pizza. Whoever made this pizza needs to be taught again. The ratios of crust was completely disproportionate. The bottom crust was way too thin, but the outer crust was almost appropriate. The sauce was too sweet, and the cheese was not completely melted. Then they only served half the pizza at a time. I mean who does that? Completely bizarre. Such an awkward experience at this place. The best part of my experience was the company that I was with. I will totally overlook this place in the future.
5	This is one of the best pizza's in town! I've driven by this place for years and finally went there with a friend and was completly surprised.  It looks small on the outside but it's a pretty big place inside.  When you order a pizza they bring out half of it at first then the other half when you're table is ready. Great service and delicious food! Definelty a must try atleast once, but I'm pretty sure you'll be back for more!!
5	Have eaten here a few times and yesterday ordered take out.  Food was perfect and service has been great and quick every time!
4	When my friend first told me to meet him here I was a little skeptical. Really, all I knew is that were going to some sort of strip mall/plaza on Hayden and Indian Bend. After driving around, I spotted the place behind the grocery store.Not only is this place cute with high and low tables, we made it just in time for happy hour! Can't complain with half-off all items from the bar and apps. The Pro's:--Happy Hour is awesome--The Mozzarella Encorozza is delicious (though it is basically mozzarella sticks--The rustica pizzas are delicious - went with the garlic + eggplant, and bella rosa, both good--They have gelato and mini cones that are just $1The Con's:--The pizzas are odd shaped. It just makes it a little more difficult to carry out a pizza.--The location is not ideal and a little difficult to find.Overall, I'd definitely go back and try out some of their other pizza options.
4	I've been here a couple of times and this place is consistently good. I can only rate the pizza here since it's the only item that I've had but its DELICIOIUS. My favorite is The Meat, its just a pizza with pepperoni and sausage, but still amazing. We just happen to get there during happy hour and were delighted to find out that all apptizer and drinks from the bar were all half priced. YAY! In addition to this, the service was very good. Our waitress didn't check on us too often and was always there when we needed something, whether we knew it or not, haha. The only cons for this place is that is can be hard to find if you've never been there and hard to give directions to friends if you're meeting with someone there since it's in a shopping center and off in a corner. The other con is that you might be in for a wait for your food but that's only because they make them fresh, so it's definately worth it. Oh, I almost forgot! Most of, if not all, of the people working there said "goodbye" when we left, which is an awesome little thing to do. I'm not sure if they do this when that get busy too but the fact that they did it at all was a nice touch.
3	I would love to give this place four stars, but here's our experience after several visits. My husband and I are fans of the food. They have very tasty dishes. We have been there several times and have tried the chicken parm, cesar salad, spinach salad and the original rustica pizza; all of which were very good. We love the sauce because it does have a sweet flavor -- right up our alley. The service, however, could be better. Perhaps it is the layout of the restaurant that prohibits the wait staff from providing great service. I'm really not sure. I have read other reviews where customers are raving about their servers. I cannot say the same unfortunately. Let's just say that out of the five times we have visited this restaurant, we have had to work with the server/manager 2-3 times in order to get something fixed (burned pizza, missing items from salads, etc). Yes, they fixed it, but considering that this is a pricier place for food, I would expect much better service.Don't get me wrong, we will be going back because they do have very good food. I just know that there is room for improvement. After all, they did not just open.One last tip -- put on your eye glasses in order read their menu; the tiny font that they use hurts my eyes. It is very difficult to read and especially in the late afternoon when they have dimmed the lights.
5	AMAZING!!! We had intended to go to Sakana Sushi and the wait time was 40 minutes. We saw Crust next door and decided to give it a try. Finally, we had the dining experience we have been looking for. From the service to the flawless food, we had an amazing time. This is the best Italian we have found in Scottsdale. The strip mall does not serve Crust at all, it is truly the diamond in the rough. Everything is fresh, creative and mouth watering. We had the spinach and artichoke dip for our appetizer. Best EVER! I had the special, linguine with clam sauce and Jason had the meatball parm calzone. Have you ever seen the movie Ratatouille? Well we felt like the food critic at the end enjoying the speechless, delicious meal. We ended our meal with the special, cookies and cream cheese cake. Ladies, this is not one of those desserts where you can eat a couple bites and leave the rest to your man ... it is so delicious we were fighting each other for the last bite. Their drink selection is marvelous. Jason had the key lime pie martini. It was like none other. It was key lime to the core and they even included the pie crust crunch. The service was watertight. I have never seen such a hard working staff. They helped each other out, glasses were always full and extremely willing to provide anything needed at every table. I can't wait to go back!!!!
5	Great food at a great price!!!! Ingredients are always fresh and delicious! Happy hour it a good deal with half price appetizers! The spinach dip is to die for! Superbly executed with brick oven pizza bakers tossing you pizza right behind the bar. Fun for a date or a group! Private parties would be ideal here!
5	We were looking for a quick but tasty dinner last night on the way to the movies. We decided to try Crust based on the good Yelp reviews.  Wow, were we happy we did!Found 2 seats at the bar and since we only had a short time went with the Tuscan Salad and a Spinach Rollatini.  We are vegetarians and were happy to see that we had several choices to pick from instead of just one or two things we find in many spots.The salad was super fresh and light. Dressing was not overpowering and the arugula was the best!  The rollatini had tons of spinach in it and just the right amount of cheese. They serve it with a side of red sauce which is also very fresh and light tasting.  It is hard to find good Italian that is not overly salty and/or fatty but Crust does it just right.  The bartender was very generous and gave us samples of two appetizers on the house!  The bruschetta was to die for!! The wine list is extensive also.Don't worry about finding it, we had no problems...just remember it is on the north east side of the shopping center and faces Indian Bend.  Good atmosphere either for a couple or a family. Can't wait to go back and try the pizza.
1	What a brutal dining experience.  In my many, many years of dining out, I have never experienced such terrible, unfriendly and unwelcoming service.  We walked in to the restaurant and it had a distinct odor, much like that of natural gas.  We hoped for the best and definitely got the worst.  From the moment we sat down, my friend and I were assaulted by murderous glances from the owner.  Was it because we brought our children to dine in his establishment?  How dare we?  We had to ask for bread, drinks, napkins a couple of times before receiving them.  The waitress was overwhelmed and not too kind either.  The food came out in waves, not all together as you would expect when dining in a restaurant.  The adult's food arrived at least 8 minutes before the children's, you'd think it would be the opposite.  The food was actually quite good, yet not good enough, to overcome the terrible discomfort that we felt being in this restaurant.  Truly, I would have felt more welcome in McDonald's.  In this economy, you should welcome each and every paying customer into your restaurant with open arms, or at least a smile.  A little kindness goes a long way.....
4	My girlfriend and I love Crust and frequent here often. They have amazing pizza, the Rustica is enough for two, and we usually split a salad. They have whole wheat crust, upon request, which is actually really good. There service is awesome and we always enjoy ourselves when we visit. They have a great wine selection by the glass and by the bottle. Our favorite is the red blend that is very unique, let it breathe though. They also have many flat screen tv's so you can keep up with what ever sporting event is on. The atmosphere is casual, but it can get noisy if the restaurant is full. The only time we've ever had poor food is when we do pick up. It's always been hit or miss then. We've never had a bad experience actually visiting the restaurant, which explains the 4 out of 5 stars.
4	I first went to crust over 5 years ago and the food has always been fairly good. After the disaster that was the street eats festival today, I was happy to go eat lunch at Crust instead. I went with the BF and another couple (Erin B and her BF). We all shared the meat and cheese plate, which was good, but nothing extraordinary. We each got a rustica pizza and they were all really good, I got the classic, the BF got the New York, Erin got the one with pesto and bacon, and her BF got the meat. These pizzas are a funny shape, but still tasty. We didn't have the best service today....our water was empty through most of the meal, but generally the service is good. I do wish they would bring back the 'pot brownie'....a brownie in a metal pot with banana, nuts, ice cream, whipped cream....completely delicious and amazing....how can that not be on the menu???? Overall, a pretty solid pizza place.
1	Boring crust, overly sweet sauce, tasteless, unmelted cheese, overall boring food. In my Humble opinion, this Pie is not worth repeating.
4	Very Good and will defiantly be back for more!I walked in one day for lunch expecting a hole in the wall pizza place since I heard they served pizza by the slice, I was very surprised.  Very elegant!  I proceeded to sit at the bar area since I was alone and just wanted a fast meal.  Right away I have someone taking my drink order.  I ordered the Bella Rossa Rustica pizza, which is their individual pizza.  This pizza was as good as it gets and very healthy.  Starts with a whole wheat crust followed with a vegetable pesto topped off with basil and mozzarella.  The blend was amazing.  The pizza was large enough to feed two people so I ended up taking half of it back to my office for later, just did not last very long.The service was great, the food was great and good atmosphere.  I will defiantly be back for lunch and will be recommending it for my next team lunch.
1	Im surprised to see good reviews of this place.   I went here over by usual Thursday night at Sakana and right away I was swindled.  The name is called Crust but my pizza was void of anything resembling that.  It was more like whitebread with school pizza sauce.  I also ordered the spinich dip and that was just a large bowl of melted cheese.  There was a total of 6 tables filled and servce was still terrible.  And we sat at the bar!!  On a positive note the portion sizes were large and the interior was nice.
4	Had a nice dinner here with some friends and family last Saturday night and it was really good.  The eggplant parmesan was good, but two of us could have split it.  They serve it on top of a big pizza crust, so it is very filling.  My son had the God Mother pizza which had bacon, pesto and fresh mozzarella.  The pizza was in the shape of a guitar.  He liked it, but wasn't thrilled with the bacon.  It would have probably been better with just the two main ingredients.  The restaurant is casual and hip at the same time.
5	We stopped off for dinner with our kids.  I was immediately impressed that they served Peroni on tap.  We ordered the Arugula and Prosciutto pizza and I have to say that it is one of the most amazing things I have ever eaten!  I had the manager come to our table and told him how in love I was, and at the end of our meal he brought us a fabulous cannoli desert.  We took a bottle of their house Pinot Noir that was equally impressive.  Hands down, if you are in town you MUST eat here.
3	I was in the mood for pizza and remembered this place tucked away on the side of a strip mall.  I had been meaning to try this place out for a couple of years and since it is my birthday week decided to head on over.  Parking was right in front and I entered through the door marked for "to-go orders" as that was what I planned on making.  This brought me straight into tables with the bar at the far end. After reviewing the menu, which had all of the usual stars in a pizza place I decided upon a staple favorite, the margharita pizza.  What I got was anything but usual, however.  If you like a little bit of sauce brushed over texas sized toast with mozzarella medallions and a topping of your choice added, basil leaves on the side then this is the pizza joint for you.  Yes, I understand, I am lunching in an italian place named Crust which serves pizza.  It's not exactly the healthiest thing I could have done, but I was not expecting that.  It is sold as "medium" crust, penned just below their "thin" crust which I assume is what the pictures show.  I was expecting to get my pizza on, but the guilt has set in and I am covered in the familiar grease that I remember from the combination of pizza and texas toast.  If I go back it will be better informed and to order a thin crust.  Be warned.  The Medium crust is THICK and hard to cut.  Had a couple of pieces jump off my plate as I attempted to cut the stuff up.  I wouldn't go so far as to say it was worth the price, but I did get my money's worth.The staff was nice and prompt, however.  I can see how this place would be a popular choice for lunch or dinner.
5	I can't remember the name of the special salad we had tonight with Shrimp, but I will never forget the taste.  FABULOUS is an understatement!  The NY pizza was equally as great.  Every time I come here I say to myself, we need to come more often.  Everything is always good.Diane was our server tonight.  What a cutie!  More important is that the service was excellent!  Diane was back at our table many times checking to see if there was anything else she could do for us.  Another comment I want to make is there was a young man taking care of the table.  At some point I thanked him and was surprised to receive "Your more than welcome", instead of the typical "No Problem" statement coming from young people.  I should have gone to the management to tell them I was impressed by him, his smile and mannerisms.We will be back!
5	Crust is around the corner from my house and we felt like grabbing a bite to eat last night so we thought we'd give it a try. Boy are we glad we ventured over there! You walk in and it's very nicely decorated with some high top tables, some booths and some regular sized tables. There is also bar space where you can sit and enjoy a drink and appetizer or even dinner. The service was great. Very attentive. They gave us plenty of time to look over the menu and it was much needed. There were so many things that I wanted to order! I narrowed it down to the skinny guy sandwich which is Grilled chicken, sauteed eggplant, roasted peppers & fresh mozzarella drizzled with extra virgin olive oil & balsamic vinegar. I got it on whole wheat and the bread was fresh and soft. The fresh basil and fresh mozzarella definitely made this sandwich. It was amazing. I also had a small greek salad and the tomatoes were farm fresh and the dressing was light and flavorful. My boyfriend had the steak sandwich which was Filet mignon, mushrooms & onions with melted mozzarella servedon garlic bread. He barely spoke the entire meal because he was shoveling the sandwich in. He even went so far as saying that it was the best sandwich he's had in a long time!The portion sizes were huge and the appetizers looked rather large as well. The wine was a little pricey but they have monthly wine selections on special and they also had a wine special for the day for $5 a glass which was great! We will DEFINITELY be back and plan to make this a frequent happy hour stop. I can't wait to try the chicken francese served over linguine. It looked amazing!!Oh, and the canolis are 1.25 and a perfect way to round out the dinner. It's tiny but well worth the 1.25 and to me a perfect size for a little sweet snack after dinner.
5	I am a big fan of Crust!  I have been here twice and I have met a different owner each time (I think there are two or three partners in this restaurant).  All of the pizzas are made from scratch and I love the sauce!  I have never had anything but the pizza (it is the specialty after all), but all the other menu items I have seen come from the kitchen look fabulous as well.  Another great thing about Crust is the wine list (great wines and an extensive list), not to mention they give you a fairly liberal pour!
1	Dined at Crust on a slow Friday night.  My wife and I ordered an app  for a starter, and two entrees.  We received the app soon after we ordered, but the entrees took over 45 minutes, maybe just under an hour, to arrive after we received the app.  I asked the waiter where our food was, and how soon will we get it.  He said 3 minutes, it took a lot longer then 3 minutes.  At one point the waiter asked us what we ordered.  I'm guessing he asked that, because he forgot to place the order, or lost the ticket.  We have had a few good meals in there, but the last 2 have been terrible.  We won't be back!
4	My girlfriends and I stumbled across Crust on one girls night while looking for a great place close by to get some food.  We were very pleasantly surprised - this place is very cute and the food is awesome.  The spinach and artichoke dip is to die for, I had the steak sandwich, and my friend had the pizza with pasta on top of it - both were so so so good!!!  Pretty reasonably priced and the food and wine is delicious!!!
2	I've been in several times.  Overall I think it is fairly mediocre.  We had a really good experience on our first visit.  We sat at the bar, the bar tender was super friendly and the service was great.  That first visit I had one of the pizza (Not sure about the shape) which I though was decent (I prefer a thinner crispier crust), but overall good.  Based on the first visit I would have granted Crust four stars.  Since our first visit it has gone downhill.  We live in the neighborhood so this could have been the perfect neighborhood hangout.  We brought my partner's mother and grandmother in on a Friday night (Memorial Day Weekend).  There was only one waitperson (but three busboys...)  The service was slow, the music was too loud, but the food was good.  I had the special which was delicious.  I would have given this visit three stars, knocking off another star for bad, slow service.We have been in one additional time.  The service continues to go downhill.  We sat at the bar and it was all we could do to get the attention of the bartender to serve us anything.  We finally had the Penne alla Scottsdale.  It's a good dish.  However, I am knocking off the final star for continued service problems.  I don't think we will go back because we found a new Italian place up on Shea that we like a lot better.  It's further away, but the service is always good.  Overall, the food at Crust is good and it has a decent wine list, it's just a bummer to eat somewhere where the wait and bar staff are apathetic.
5	Yummy!! Delicious food and wonderful service! Great for dates, growing families, and social gatherings. Love it!
5	My favorite Phoenix area pizza... And I have been everywhere. Try the unique, individual-sized rustica pizzas. Wine selection is good and the ambiance is really nice, romantic, yet not over the top.
4	Great Pizza! Great lunch special. Waitress lady was a lot nicer when it came time for the tip which threw me but then again im in arizona.... Four for now.
5	Visited for dinner and while it was not very busy on a Saturday evening.  We ordered a Pizza and a Strumboli and gosh we were pleasantly surprised.  The personal pizza was wonderfully presented, excellent thin crust that was well done and with topping that were both fresh and bursting with flavor.  The size of the pizza was more in ines of a Personal Plizza Plus :).  The  Strumboii was a piece of art.  Never have I seen such a thin crust hold a plethora of sausage.  Most Strumboli's are quite hollow inside and lack much of a meat, but this was certainly one for the history books.Gotta end on a sweet note and tis been ages since I have tasted a cannoli that is so fresh and so flavorful.I will surely visit again when I am in the area as it truly a hidden gem.
1	I went to Crust last night and was very disappointed. I ordered the medium crust pizza with spinach as a topping. The pizza arrived lukewarm, and the spinach had a bitter taste. The service was friendly and the ambiance was OK, but I think that Joe's Pizza in downtown Scottsdale has a much better Sicilian stye of pizza for a much lower price. I will not be returning to Crust.
4	I quite liked this place.  We went for a dinner with another couple.  Ordered a couple appetizers, a couple beers, a bottle of wine, large pizza and 2 entrees.  The bill was over 100 but not too crazy.  The service was great.  Do not underestimate the size of these pizza's!  They are huge!  And delicious!
4	Amazing Greek salad...loved the pizza, chicken parm sub was okay.  Fresh ingredients and huge portions.  Why do they make their pizzas in the shape of a penis?  It a least gave us a laugh!  Service could have been better - but it seemed like they only had one waitress working the whole place.  Tip - get more waiters!
3	I was going to order an item for more money but the way I was treated from when I sat down this time was no different from the last so i went with the slices an low and behold she ended up giving me greif for everything I asked. How can you be so short and rude to a paying customer? No suggestions or anything? She failed the curiosity test. SERVICE, FAILED....TWICE. I'm sorry if me paying your business money is an insult to you but you give me deliberate bad service becuase you treated me like crap the first time and I let you know about it. Not the worst I have ever encountered but pretty bad... I went again for lunch on 9/14/12 and forgot about my previous review, which was about how the good service started only when the waitress was waiting on the tip... well i checked in on yelp while I was there last week and OH MY GOD I felt like I was on the east coast! Rude!!!!! She had a horrible attitude when we had to ask for a refill, threw the bill on our table. She event went as far as playing a song on the juke box by Michael Jackson "Somebody's watching me" well yeah... you give bad service I'm gonna watch out for it but I got stuck with her again and well it sucked and this time it was worse. I'll keep going back because the pizza is great but 3 stars until false royalty complex is fixed.
4	While visiting the area, we went to Crust for lunch.  Lunch time was actually pretty empty, but the place has a nice feel to it.  The service was very good and our waitress, Noelle, was really helpful and took very good care of us.  I found a mobile coupon online for $10 off, and although I should have printed the coupon out ahead of time she was still able to get me the discount.The salad I had was very good and I would eat here again.
4	Happy Hour specials on Mon-Tues; half off bottles of wine. Service was spot on!
5	Great food and even better people that work there. Excellent place to grab a bite after work.
1	I told my friend that I'd rather eat out of a vending machine, and he said.. "Yelp THAT!"   I had the calamari app, the caprese salad and the eggplant rolotini.  The salad was served in what i can only describe as a burnt, upside-down bread "hat" that was inedible and in the way.  The rolotini was a hot pocket, only dry and crappy.  Boo on you, Crust!
5	10/24/12Crust celebrated its 5th year anniversary today, and as it has in the past four years, it did so by offering 50% off everything on the menu, dine-in only.  Glasses of wine and and a handful of cocktails were also offered for $5 each.  We celebrated by ordering a Strawberry salad, Meatball sliders http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ApHiz1xxENwjkp8MKrE4Dg?select=skLo5ITLHCYc-7KTQ097pQ#skLo5ITLHCYc-7KTQ097pQ, Filet mignon sliders http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ApHiz1xxENwjkp8MKrE4Dg?select=9NBWbmur1iGAYDRAQyfP6w#9NBWbmur1iGAYDRAQyfP6w, a Rustica Bianca (sub artichokes for the tomatoes, $1.50 extra) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ApHiz1xxENwjkp8MKrE4Dg?select=gBqV2d_OzEapAwM7Ih7EIw#gBqV2d_OzEapAwM7Ih7EIw, two glasses of Mango moscato, and a glass of Hey Mambo, a red blend.  Oh, and an order of Warm chocolate chip cookies and ice cream sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ApHiz1xxENwjkp8MKrE4Dg?select=85Xw1x9f7gzbpLARkjZEhg#85Xw1x9f7gzbpLARkjZEhg.  All were, of course, delightful, although the rustica wasn't as crispy as Mom and I wanted it.  No matter, as I pointed out that we can toast the leftover pizza at home and just enjoy the other items we ordered at the restaurant.  An hour and a half later, our stomachs full, my wallet $72 lighter (which included a $17 tip), and my ears ringing from the deafening noise indoors (my second complaint, which I can overlook on this special date), we left happy and contented.  Thank you, Crust!  Congratulations again to Mitch, Michael, and Duke, and everyone else at Crust, for yet another anniversary milestone, and we hope you have many more!
1	Terrible service and the food wasn't anything special. Our waiter was working as hard as he could but the other 5 people working seemed to just be sitting around. We were 1 of 4 tables and I heard 2 other tables ask for the manager to complain. Bottom line is that this place offers nothing special and you shouldn't waste your time.
4	We had been to this Crust years ago. Since we had not had the best service experience, we hadn't returned. Last night though we were waiting on some friends to arrive for another restaurant in the area, so we decided to stop into Crust for a drink.There were plenty of tables when we arrived, although the place filled up very quickly in the few minutes we were sitting there. Which is always a good sign! They offer $5 cocktails and glasses of wine during happy hour which turns out to be a FANTASTIC deal especially if you are interested in sampling a wine that's a little more pricey. If we didn't have previous dinner arrangements I think we would have stayed longer. The service was great. Friendly, welcoming, it made you want to stay a while. I'm really glad we gave this place another try. Seems like they have a good crew in there this time around.
2	When the owner comes by to apologize, I'ts not a good night. Service is slow, pizza is nothing special in a town with some good pie. It's also weirdly loud in there.
5	our first visit back in many years and the service has taken a turn for the better. we were greeted upon arrival and were never left unattended for more than a few minutes. i'm not sure what his position was, but an extremely knowledgeable and friendly employee made suggestions, answered questions, and his love of wine was evident when interacting with the customers. we only had a couple of glasses of wine, taking advantage of their excellent happy hour. they passed the water glass test with flying colors. and although we had dinner plans elsewhere, my mouth was watering at the sights and smells of their food. would love to re-visit for food and more drinks!
4	After my first review the owner responded and wanted to know why my experience was poor and invited me in for a free meal. I went in tonight without him knowing because I didn't want them to try and impress me. My service was prompt and the pizza was good. They have Stella on tap which I don't find often so that started the meal off great. I got the Goddaughter rustic pizza which was pretty damn good. Their pesto is certainly unique and tasted different than most pesto which is a good thing. The owner was there and I called him over to introduce myself as the guy that wrote a negative review. I offered to pay because it wasn't about a free meal, but he insisted on comping my meal. The place was packed, unlike my last visit, and I had great service. My first bad experience must have just been an off night for the staff and they certainly have gotten my business back.
4	Very good food, warm atmosphere. Need a better beer selection however.
4	REALLY enjoyed it.  I had the seafood pasta, and while the calamari was overcooked, the manager made sure I was happy when I left. The spinach dip was out of this world good.We did have a bit of a wait on a Friday night, but the place is small and it is to be expected.
4	I love Pizza.  It's one of my weaknesses.  This place serves up good Pizza and other items as well.  On Mondays they have 1/2 off bottles of Wine.  Bottles are as cheap as $15, how can you beat that?!Over several trips, we've tried the following menu items:Filet Mignon Sliders, $12.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=qemac_ZxOffI83Ws9agJLw#qemac_ZxOffI83Ws9agJLwBig Boy Sandwich (Ham, Salami, Prosciutto, Sopressatta, Provolone & Roasted Peppers drizzled with Extra Virgin Olive Oil & Balsamic Vinegar), $8.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=MKWlE4L9T77hBmnXF6oObA#MKWlE4L9T77hBmnXF6oObASpinach & Artichoke Dip, $10Fried Calmari, $1120" Uncle Louie Pizza (Sausage, Pepperoni, Marinated Tomatoes, Fresh Mozz, Basil), $22.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=kFnaro35eDVgQarSvw-x9Q#kFnaro35eDVgQarSvw-x9QRollatini "Calzone" (Sausage, Peppers, Onions, Ham, Salami, Sopressata & Mozzarella), $8.50My favorite is the Uncle Louie.  The 20" is a huge Pizza that can easily feed 3 to 4 people.  I love how they use Fresh Mozz instead of the regular Cheese you find at most Pizza joints.  Their Sauce is also very good here.For lunch, the Rollatini or "Calzone", Big Boy Sandwich, and Filet Sliders hit the spot....you can't go wrong with any of the 3.Overall, this is one of our fav dining spots in the area.Return Factor - 90%
5	Love the Rustica, with whole wheat crust!!  one of the best in the Valley.
5	Crust is by far my favorite restaurant in the valley!!The owners, staff and general environment are all unbelieveable. Everyone makes sure your drinks are full and that your food is tasting amazing (Which it always is) Everyone is very friendly and you feel like one big family from the moment you arrive.They have an exceptional happy hour with the best deals on wine and appetizers. Their food is extremely affordable and you never leave hungry!! The girls and I always try to schedule our happy hours for the Hayden & Indian Bend store as it is a central location for all of us, and as I said before everyone there from the cooks to the owners are super friendly!!!
4	The pizza was great and cheap! I'm used to spending $12+ on flat bread pizzas so was pleasantly surprised to see them for under $10. The wine was affordable and the service was great. Definitely worth the visit.
5	I love coming to Crust!  The atmosphere and the food are super homey and comforting.  I recommend the spinach dip (comes out piping hot and cheesy from the woodfire oven) and The Meat (pepperoni and sauge) rustica.  YUM!!Also, I am super obsessed with their marinara sauce!!  Luckily, they sell it by the jar so I can take a little of their Italian magic home with me. :)
5	Yaaay for crust! Delicious rustica, great spinach & strawberry salad, & always top notch service. Love this place!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. They have a great happy hour. The meat and cheese board is excellent. The pizzas are cooked in a wood fired oven which makes the crust perfectly.
5	Crust is our favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area! My husband and I eat there at least once a week. The food is super tasty and very reasonably priced. They have a great wine selection. If you join (for free) their VIP club, you get weekly texts notifying you of specials. And they give you a VIP club card, and you earn money on it for every dollar you spend. Recently, we had a whole evening at Crust just off the money on our  VIP card. Did I mention the VIP club is FREE?!! Also, we want to give a shout out to our favorite waitress, Jordan, who is always super friendly and gives us super great service! :)
4	"We came here for a quiet dinner but found ourselves in a middle of a loud and raucous Happy Hour. ""That was our introduction to Crust Pizza & Wine Cafe. The wait staff was buzzing around. Constantly asking if you wanted something, or if you were done with that plate.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers, a salad and two glasses of wine. The food was excellent!"I wrote those words about twenty months ago. It was through my own procrastination and laziness that I never finished my review  Not a lot has changed though in the interim. Just forty Yelp'ers reviews talking up the place and a even harder parking lot to navigate on a Friday night at 5:30. LOLThe place has a very New York feel to it and the pizza is very close to the real thing.   The only drawback was the over abundance of sauce, which made it sloppy. But the place has a good buzz to it. Things go smoothly and as I've noted the wait staff is on their game. It can be a very loud restaurant and depending on where you sit, you may not be able to hear your companion.Tonight we tried the olives appetizer ($3.00), along with the white bean bruschetta ($5.00). Both were good. We agreed to order the twenty inch New York pie ($15.95) to eat and to bring some home. It was a good decision said our oldest!The Kendall Jackson was a good choice and for $5.00 a glass an even better deal. A pint of their IPA was a steal at $3.00 and was a nice bitter. A Brit would be very happy here. Our bill came to $43.53 including taxes, but before gratuities.Enjoy!
5	My husband and I love crust! We love to share a cheesy rustica pizza and a caprese salad. YUM!. Happy hour specials are great!
5	2/19/134.5 stars.Received a text** from Crust alerting that all entrees were $10 each (dine-in only), so I stopped by after work.  Having combed the menu during one of my breaks, I knew I was going to try two new (to me!) pasta dishes, the Ravioli Pesto Cream and Grandma's Pasta, and a half (crustless) Tuscan salad.I was welcomed immediately when I entered and was seated.  My server came by shortly with a glass of water and asked if I'd like to order anything else for dinner, so I asked to try a sample of the week's special red blend before I ordered a full glass.  I've rarely been disappointed with their selections, and sure enough, I liked what I tried and asked for a glass.  I placed my food order, tweaking the Ravioli dish a little by asking that the kitchen sub out the usual chopped fresh tomatoes for artichokes (I'd asked Mitch on the phone earlier if this would be OK, and he said "no problem") and asked if I could have some table bread, as well.Ten minutes passed, and I still hadn't received any bread, nor the small crustless salad I'd ordered, but I was reading while I waited, so I wasn't too worried, although I did ask a passing server to see what was going on.  Around five to ten minutes later, my dishes arrived, and these came with a dinner roll each, so the missing bread was forgotten (although it's always nice to have some extra to enjoy at home).  The salad was still missing, so when my server came by for a check-up, I mentioned it, and he said he'll look into it.  A few minutes later, a full order of a Tuscan salad arrived.  (Because of the mix-up, the salad was on the house- thanks Crust!)The Pesto Ravioli Cream with artichokes was terrific! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=FxAhyaHn1yiexaqxjH5P3w#FxAhyaHn1yiexaqxjH5P3w  When I order creamy dishes, whether it's Italian, or Thai, I like the sauces silky and rich in flavor, and this dish certainly fulfilled my expectations.  The ravioli was cooked al dente (perfetto!), and the tangy artichokes served to cut the buttery richness of the sauce.  I LOVED every bite!  The sauce also went well with the dinner roll.  Squisito!  As for Grandma's Pasta http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=Ip7IWfw0zSUc3hHg8Ni5bQ#Ip7IWfw0zSUc3hHg8Ni5bQ, I can take it, or leave it.  One problem I had with it was that the ricotta was too cold, and I found the clash of hot and cold in this pasta dish a little strange.  I also found that the small chunks of sausage were much tastier than meatballs, and I found myself wishing the dish just contained sausage links, instead of the meatballs, which is a shame, since the meatballs are HUGE!  Last, but not least, the Tuscan salad was delicious!  Loved the peppery arugula, dressed in a housemade Italian vinaigrette, and the white beans, and when I read "homemade croutons," I expected the usual cubed chunks of bread, not the toasted and seasoned slices of bread that adorned the bowl.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crust-pizza-and-wine-cafe-scottsdale?select=h8xkl7KOxVxNx5r7m86lyg#h8xkl7KOxVxNx5r7m86lyg  I could order this salad as an entree and a glass of white and be happy!With so many dining options to choose from in this valley of the Sun, it's great to know that whenever I do dine at Crust, dinner specials or not, I can always find a great meal and walk out happy and satiated!**To receive Crust specials via SMS, text CRUST to 91944.
1	Let's get one thing straight from the giddy-up.  I'm giving this restaurant one star because Yelp won't allow me to give it a big, fat zero.  The food was horrible.  No flavor whatsoever, and that goes for the calamari appetizer, the arugula and shrimp salad, and the eggplant parmesan pseudo-calzone.  My fellow diners and I had no choice but to slather the bland marinara sauce over everything , whether it belonged there or not.  Then, in a further attempt to make all three dishes edible, we had to bury every bite in grated cheese.  The salad required extra dressing to make it passable.  The economy stinks and people are being more careful with their money these days.  This place should be fined for serving "food" like this.  I wasn't the one who paid for this meal, but had I been, I would've read the manager the riot act and demanded that the dinner be free.  Honestly, it wasn't worth any price.  In a word, garbage.  I don't see how any of the other reviewers could like Crust.  Yes, it's always possible that the chef was having an off night.  But how do you screw up a friggin' salad?  How do you fry calamari wrong?  If the place is named Crust, aren't you the least bit embarrassed that your crust sucks?  Well, it does, and I'm embarrassed enough for both of us.  I just hope this food is better going out than it was going in.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
2	Slow service, very small pour for overpriced wine.love the rustica pizza. i like to carry out garlic knots and a rustica from their tatum location. for some reason no garlic knots at the location on indian bend.
2	Really mediocre bland pizza.  Overly thick crust for wood-fired.  Every ingredient, from crust to cheese to toppings to sauce was lackluster and flavorless. On plus side it is clean and decorated in an inoffensive modern manner.  Recommend against. Go to Pomo nearby instead.
5	What have I been missing?My mom and I came in here for the first time a few months ago. We had the Olive Plate on special and it was delicious. We both had Rusticas - I believe she had something with eggplant (yuck) and I had the God Daughter, which was delicious. Huge portions and delicious food.I was excited to come back and bring my boyfriend since they have gluten-free pasta and doughs for the pizzas. I brought him and the server was incredibly helpful and answered all of my boyfriend's questions regarding the GF options. My boyfriend didn't get sick and thought the food was delicious.We'll definitely be coming back!
3	The Pizza is real good but i recommend you eat at there location. I did takeout before and the pizza was oily and just not tasty like at their location. Also, I sat on the bar came really hungry, ordered an appetizer (bruschettas)  and the pizza and both took forever. I think the bar waitress forgot about us. She also got the order wrong thought it could be our fault, we wanted the square pizza not a full pie.
4	I decided to stop in here one day for lunch during the work week. I must say the shape of the pizza kinda threw me but still very good. I ordered the Blanco pizza which was very flavorful and will order it again.The only thing that was disappointing was they only had one girl working the entire restaurant which made the wait for your food, drinks, check a bit longer than what I was expecting since this was during a weekday lunch where most people only have an hr for lunch.Overall, it was very good and I will certainly be back again soon.
3	We have visited this place often in the past as our office is close. The food is wonderful and the two pizza makers rock!! However the service is always hit or miss, mainly a miss unless the pizza chefs help us out. We sit at the bar so the service should be excellent. The waitress who is always there is rude and full of attitude. If not for her our visits would have been awesome! We would visit one to three times a week but now choose to support other businesses because of the service.
5	Wonderful pizza, great atmosphere, pretty good beer selection!  And...great CANNOLIS, I was very pleasantly surprised and cannot WAIT to go back here.
5	Absolutely one of my most favorite places in the valley to get pizza! I'm highly involved in the philanthropic world And Crust always comes through in catering my events. The management and staff are extremely fabulous. I love this place--five stars hands down!!
5	I've gotta tell ya that this was (I think) the last in the list of pizza places that I needed to try in the area.  In many respects, I saved one of the best for last.  In fact, this is going to fill in beside Grimaldi's as my fave.  They are so different and so good.The place is small and there isn't much of a bar but our server was attentive and sweet.  My friends ordered a 20 pie and they just bring out half of the pizza so that we have enough room and they keep the other half warm.  Great move.  I ordered one of their Rustica pizzas.  I was very surprised at the delivery.  It was like a HUGE triangular slice.  They call it personal size, but they are being generous.  Its big.  The waitress talked me into the "Spaghetti and Meatballs Rustica.  WOW!  They put noodles on the pizza itself!  It was awesome.There was so much else to try.  Being a wine cafe I would guess that they have good vino but I don't care too much about that.  Based on the quality of the za I must think that everything is good.  Plus, they have wheat crust or gluten free! The music was a little loud.  Nobody was really into the music.  It wasn't that kinda crowd but whatever.  It wasn't horrible and I can live with it for the service and the pizza.
4	Awesome, check out the filet sliders!
5	Everything here is good! Trust me you cannot go wrong. My favorite is their Crusted Mac n' Cheese and their Mozzarella Encorozza appetizer....delish! A must try is the Vitamin V Martini, you won't be disappointed! If you're lucky enough to catch Mitch or Mike here be sure to thank them for opening up one of the best restaurants in AZ!  Don't forget to order the dessert pizza at least once in your life, ah-mazing.
2	After our third visit here, I HAD to change my review.  Decent food and service, but we had an issue with the check.  Which is perfectly fine, we dine out often, and have worked in the restaurant industry, so these things are no big deal.  However, the manager/owner decided to argue with us, and was incredibly rude.  After arguing for a few minutes, we were ready to simply walk out and never return.  He then said he would adjust the bill, took our credit card and ending up charging us an ADDITIONAL $20!!!  After he was supposed to (and agreed to) take the $20 OFF!  Trying to charge us an EXTRA $40.I guess he didn't think we would catch it.  After he dropped off our credit slips, he disappeared.  The server explained that he knew what the owner did.  He apologized profusely, and explained that this happens all of the time.  The owner constantly overcharges people and tries to take advantage of customers.  The server fixed the issue, and of course we tipped him well for his service and even more for his honesty.  We wish the employees the best, but we will NEVER return due to the shady actions of the owner, and how terrible we were treated by him.  In 2013, I can't believe customers can still be treated so terribly by a place trying to earn repeat business.  I just don't want any other people to be taken advantage of here.
5	Love this place!!!  Been coming for years. Started on a pizza/rustica kick and have branched it into the entrees, and very glad I did. Once you try the sausage, spinach and white bean pasta, it's hard to order anything else. The mac & cheese is my kid's favorite...!!The perfect neighborhood joint...  Thx Mitch and Mike.
5	Delicious and amazing service!
4	Excellent wine selection. The pizza is HUGE and the ingredients are so fresh. We got the pesto and bacon pizza and added shrimp. The crust was perfect, as was the pesto. I would recommend it for small group outings. The portions are large, but the atmosphere is casual-classy rather than tacky and loud.
5	My boss at Nordstrom told me about this place. He was told by the owner of the Chicago Cubs who always makes  a point of coming in when visiting Scottsdale. I have been coming here ever since. The food is very good and I'm a tough critic as I am from New York.  Great Happy Hour and consistently great food!
5	Amazing! Warm family feel and wonderful attentive staff. I asked for a custom cocktail and was told "no problem". Great job!
4	Server was helpful with choosing wine and honored a coupon for us, even though we were a few hours too early to use it (truly appreciated).We always enjoy the meat and cheese platter, although our "crusty bread bowl" for our salad, was a little less warm and too crusty than it usually is.This is an overall good hang-out place where we can spend hours enjoying wine and food, especially the interestingly shaped "Rustica" pizzas.
5	The best mac and cheese in Scottsdale, AZ!  The friendly staff makes for a wonderful dining experience.  Can't think of anything negative with this restaurant.
4	Hidden gem in Scottsdale! Great food, atmosphere and service. Can't go wrong with their rusticas. They are delish!
4	Update: I posted a not so great review on yelp. I will say that the owner did contact me an offer to have me come back to make things right. I haven't been back but thought it was good business
4	I just moved to the area and decided to try this place. When I walked in, it took a while to get service. I had to walk to the bar area to get someone's attention. I am just going to assume that it's because I went in between lunch and dinner.The pizza...was delicious!I ordered an Eggplant and Garlic Pizza with a side salad. The crust was thin and had great texture; the sauce was flavorful. The eggplant was thinly sliced (not overly thin, but just right) and spread throughout the pizza along with fresh mozzarella, fresh garlic, and basil. The side "Crust Salad" was just okay (half of it was iceberg lettuce) and a bit pricey for what you get.I will certainly be back to try other items on their menu.
5	Love coming here on a weekday! Great house wine and absolutely love the salad pizza aka arugula and prosciutto pizza. Have never had a bad experience with service or food! Definitely a must to go to if you have never been.
5	Crust is a classy little Italian bistro with a neighborhood atmosphere but a continental reach. Almost everything is made in-house, or sourced from other local small businesses who share the same passion for quality. It bills itself as a Pizza and Wine Bar, but it is so much more. The night we were there the special was lasagna, which was truly special. The homemade noodles were light, the sausage tender, and the tomato sauce subtle and sophisticated. And NOT SALTY! Thank you guys. The portion was large enough to share with my wife, and but I didn't want to let any of it get away! With a name like Crust, its pizza has to be good . . . and it is. It is one of the few places I have found that does whole wheat crust well, thin yet chewy. Their "rusticas" are unique, small specialty pizzas in a T shape that is easier to eat than the traditional round. We ordered the Garlic and Eggplant with fresh mozzarella and basil. Once again, all I can say is WOW! You gotta try it, and if you are lucky enough to arrive on a day when they have fresh minestrone, you must try it too!I have read a few of the negative reviews here and I just don't understand what is wrong with some people. We spent quite awhile talking with Mitch, the owner, and David, the Executive Chef. These are passionate people who manage the restaurant with love for the food (and the customers). I think you have to be suspicious of reviews where the only negative comments are about the service . . . .  Guess you just can't please all the people all of the time, but I was pretty pleased one time. You owe it to yourself to give Crust a try.
5	Don't really write reviews but felt this was appropriate. Read good reviews on yelp and decided to check it out. Came in late Friday night for some dinner. Looks like a strip mall but inside is cozy. We ordered salad and pizza. Service was prompt and helpful. The salad was huge but yummy. Apparently there was an issue with the pizza in the kitchen so the waiter brought out two apps and a smaller pizza without even asking! Pretty awesome. It ended up being so much food we had to box the big pizza and half the apps. While the prices were a bit step, the staff obviously cares about the experience. Going back.
4	Great spot for lunch! Had a Cesar salad and the Bianca pizza. The crust was cooked perfectly. Will be back for more!
5	Love this place!!! The Staff is so friendly and the pizza is great!
4	Great pizza rustica. I liked the New York style with extra cheese and pepperoni. Mike and Mitch are great guys so I like coming. The sliders oh hh are good too.
5	Love this place! Knowledgable and friendly staff. My friend recommended I stop by and I am glad I did! The food and atmosphere are terrific as well. True Italian! I will certainly be back.
5	Great Find...This hidden gem is worth finding. Excellent wine selection along with a complete bar, compliment the excellent food. We have enjoys their individual pizzas on previous visits, but, this time we decided to try their 20" round thin crust pizza. Although it's called thin crust, it is more N.Y. Style to me. After enjoying a house salad served in a pizza crust bowl, our pizza arrived. It is served on a wooden plank, hot and fresh from their open pizza oven. They bring you just half at a time, keeping the other half warm. The half pizza is four large slices. Their sauce is excellent. Nice cheese and your choice of toppings. After you finish they ask if you would like the other half, or, wrapped up to take home. We were all so full, we took the other half home for lunch the next day. Their prices are great, so a 20" pizza with two toppings for $20.00 is an excellent value for excellent pizza. Well worth the stop here.
5	Meatball sliders are a must! And don't forget jar of sauce to take home! Absolutely delicious
5	Garlic knots, calamari, pizza, chicken Marsala, paninis... All to die for! Full bar along with a great wine list. Friendly staff. They play good music. Zero complaints!
3	At one time we would have given Crust 4 stars at least, but the last few times we have been there we have been disappointed. On one occasion the pizza wasn't done cooking and on the second they threw it in the box while it was too hot and we ended up with cheese only on 1/2 the pizza from the cheese all sliding and firming on that 1/2. Prior to these experiences, we always loved the pizza at Crust and I am sure we will give it another chance in the future, but at the moment we are disappointed.
4	I really really enjoyed Crust!I came here for my birthday dinner in July and was absolutely impressed. The service is good and the food is even better, despite the fact that the pizzas are all oddly phallic looking (my inner 13-year-old self just giggled). Appetizers are all good, and the pizza is made fresh to order. I got a pasta dish that was phenomenal (something with a vodka sauce of some sort) and it was delicious! Another person in our party got an all-white pizza that was also really really good (in my opinion the best thing we ordered all night) Very affordable and a cute little restaurant, especially for a week night dinner or casual date!
4	Nice food and atmosphere.  Beer selection is weak.  Maybe they could buy more product from someone else than MillerCoors?
5	Delicious and we had great service! The food tasted fresh loved the atmosphere. They even only brought out half or our pizza and gave us the option of asking for the other half when we were done or boxing it up which was great because it stayed warm and the pizza was huge. Def my new Go to place and I can't wait to take my family when they come and visit. Get the fried mozzarella!
4	Tasty pizza. Really good meatball appetizer. Impressive service. Quick refills. Friendly employees.Couldn't hear each other talking across the table it was so loud. We actually left to have coffee elsewhere so we didn't have to shout. If this is just me that's had this experience I will definitely try again - I just can't stand dining in a place where you have to yell at the person across from you. This was on a Wednesday evening around 6:00 - maybe I'll try again on a Mon or Tues or go a bit later when there aren't so many big families or kids - idk. Weird no one else mentions it.
5	Best pizza in town!  Gluten friendly,  extremely accommodating!  Made to order fresh pizza coming to you in a timely manner!
3	Their pizzas are sort of ridiculous looking (like a male anatomy part) but the food is good! My husband had the meatball parm rollatini and liked it a lot - good crust, great flavorful marinara sauce, and good meatballs. I had the Tuscan salad which was fine. I really liked the pizza bread bowl, but the salad is lacking the fat content. The menu described marinated tomatoes so I was expected flavorful & oily tomatoes, but they were just a few regular sliced roma tomatoes with a sprinkling of herbs. There is no cheese on the salad which I think would greatly improve it.
5	Really enjoy Crust dining options and staff.  We do a lot of take out and it's always hot and fresh and ready when they say it will be.  My favorite is the white bean, sausage and spinach pasta!
5	The meat and cheese board is one of the best deals in town, and I love the Pizza Rustica! Real, authentic pizza.
5	Great spot for pizza (the meat rustica is our fave), salad and wine. Staff is always super friendly- give this place a try!!!
5	We love Crust.  My wife and I come here at least once a month.  We love sitting at the bar.  Always great food and service.
5	Love the great Rustica pizza and they also have a Gluten Free crust available that is also delicious! Great ambiance and excellent customer service top off a great dining experience!
5	one of best pizza's in Arizona.  the Uncle Loui is my favorite and the Tuscan salad is awesome
3	Everything here was just fine.  Nothing special.The food was OK.  Both my fiance and I expected better.  I had a pizza with chicken & bacon...it sounds much better than it is while I'm writing.We also had filet mignon sliders.  Again, sounds better than it is.  Same with the cannoli.The layout is a bit odd.  Some tables are high-tops & some are low to the ground.  All the tables are really close together, so if it's busy, this becomes not that private of an experience.All that being said, the service was good.  Everyone was nice enough, and it's not like anything was terrible.  We likely won't return, but hey, it could have been an off-night.
4	I'm involved with a large non-profit organization.  We had one of our team meetings here.  The food was excellent, and good happy hour specials as well.  I had a salad, which came in this amazing bread bowl.  The manager was so awesome and brought us out some desserts to try which were to die for!  I'm looking forward to returning here in the near future.
1	Went here with my dad for lunch...only one other person in the restaurant at the time. We ordered an app that came put pretty quickly. Slowly, more people came in....I saw several walk out after not getting their orders taken. I had ordered a sandwich and he ordered mac and cheese. 30-40 mins later we got our food. I understand that the restaurant was changed around, but don't just have one waiter for lunch rush. I had to scarf down my food and miss a meeting that I should have been able to make with an hour long lunch.Plus was charged for my free app but didn't have time to correct do to being late. Will NOT be coming here for lunch any more
5	First time here, after driving by it for years. VERY glad we came for lunch. Had Mama's Meatball with linguini for the main course and shared a small caesar and calamari for starters. Quality of the food was excellent, the portions were huge, had to take home over half the entree. Jay our server was professional and did a great job of making sure we were well taken care of. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and offered suggestions. Atmosphere was nice and the place was very clean.It is my new neighborhood Italian place!!
4	Great pasta and calzone.  The music was too loud but otherwise pleasant.  Kids meal is plentiful for $5 for pasta.
5	Drove by this place numerous times on my way to other pizza joint. Bad decision! We decided to give it a try and man I'm glad we did. Seriously the best pizza I've had hands down. Great bar selection and great Italian food aside from pizza. Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed
5	Crust is always good, but tonight we had the Tortellini ala Panna (basically carbonara). It was unbelievable. Loaded with prosciutto and so creamy. A must have. Dave was a great server, and Chad the manager was warm and hospitable.
5	We had a slight issue with Crust today and when it was brought to their attention and they went out of their way to make it right! Love the food and the group working there! They are awesome and always such a joy! Food was Awesome!!! Will always continue to go back for great food!!!
5	The best atmosphere for great Italian food.  Having Penn's vodka and Greek salad.  Mmm
5	Amazing quality rustic Italian food! We've gotten the Spaghetti and Meatball Rustia a couple times and we are in love with it! It's yummy, original, and just fun! There was a mix up with my order last weekend, when I ordered to-go, I received an incorrect rolatini, I ordered meatball parm, instead I noticed I received an eggplant rolatini, however, I was already home when I found the mistake, I called immediately with the issue and it was rectified graciously with a credit. The owner and most of the staff are extremely pleasant and kind. Thank you CRUST! Keep up your amazingness! :)
5	A couple of years ago we discovered Crust,it has become our favorite restaurant !!The food is wonderful,we have tried most everything on the menu and were never disappointed. There is always something new to please your taste buds.The owners & staff are all very friendly and helpful,especially Mike our favorite server,he is one of the reasons we keep on going back.We give Mike 5 stars !!!!!We highly recommend that you try this restaurant,everyone we have referred thereare now regular customers.Ask about the Crust card and you can earn points for every dollar spent to use on future purchases.SEE YOU AT CRUST REAL SOONRAY & PETER
1	One of the worst dining experiences we've ever had. Pizza was awful and the service was worse. My favorite part was a manager witnessing our disaster of an over hour long lunch from the table next to us and doing nothing. Avoid this place, there are way too many great pizza places in Scottsdale to suffer through a meal here.
5	Crust just updated their menu and added a lot of new delicious choices.I tried their lasagna and it was the best I have ever had.The new stuffed clams appetizer is sure to please your pallet !!We can't wait to try the rest of their new menu !Ray & Peter
4	We started off with the meat and cheese board for an appetizer. A great value for $13. For our entrees we ordered the caprese salad in a whole wheat bread bowl, the chicken Caesar salad in an Italian bread bowl and the kids split the Penne alla Vodka. Everything was delicious, although the portions seemed a bit smaller from our previous visit. The place was empty. We were the only table of patrons along with a few people sitting at the bar, but our service was exceptional. Would like to try their pizza next time. We were talking to the manager about the new location coming to downtown Chandler next spring. It will be a two story restaurant with a "speak easy" lower level. Sounds pretty sweet!
5	This place is awesome! Went here for a happy hour/dinner.     Great wine at a great price.   The thing that hooked me was their gluten free food.   I haven't seen gluten free ravioli at any other restaurant before.   It was awesome.   I would defiantly recommend their cheese board as an appetizer as well.   Service was amazing.  I think our servers name was Shawn.  Perfectly lit restaurant as well.   I'll be back here with my Lady for sure.  I don't have a single negative comment.
4	The staff was awesome! Helpful on the phone when I put in my to go order and they were fun to laugh and joke with when I picked my food up! My favorite is the lunch special pizza deal- they have good pizza, but this time I ordered the Mac and cheese and it was only ok. I got chicken on top which was really good but I'll probably stick with the pizza.
5	Big fan of Crust Pizza. Good food, good happy hour, good prices. We eat there regularly and also get delivery. The managers go out of their way to make sure you are completely satisfied as a guest. We had one to go order that was wrong once and they corrected it, let us keep the food that we got by mistake and added money to our loyalty card.
4	Heard alot of good things about the place or at least the photos looked good online. You can't get that creative with a take out order, but ended up trying my favorite of course - the $10 chicken parmesan platter with a side of linguini and one small bread twist. This was a good cutlet and it had all the elements to make it in the top ten. The pasta was even al dente and the sauce was a nice mix...not too much garlic. They could have included one more cutlet for the price and the guy who took my order never mentioned about the hero sandwich lunch special even though I knew about it in advance of course. Will be back and will eat indoors unless I get that hero next time.
4	I've been here twice- had some pizza, calzone and a Tuscan arugula salad. All were good. Great wine selection. Friendly staff. I would recommend.
4	I was craving pizza and decided to order take out from crust on the way home from work. I ordered the rustica version of the Little Nicky. The crust was crispy and had the perfect amount of ingredients (tomato:cheese:crust ratio) and toppings. It was bigger than I had expected, but I still managed to eat it all and enjoyed every bite.
5	Best pizza ever! We had the best sausage pizza. The sausage was amazing and of course the crust was the best. The employees were the friendliest and most accommodating I have ever encountered in a restaurant. Wish more establishments were like this. Love, Love, Love Crust Pizza AND their staff.
1	I have been to crust at least a half a dozen times and, normally, I really enjoy this place. I have even introduced friends to the food and they have returned. After what happened a few weeks ago I will not be returning. We had ordered apps, salads, and entrees and while we were waiting for our first course my sister took my 2 year old nephew out front to play because he was restless. Only a few minutes after we had ordered he fell while playing and hit his head hard against the ground. I stopped my server and asked him to cancel our order but charge me for what had been made and I'd take it to go. I made it clear my nephew had seriously injured himself and we were running to the hospital. Less than half the food was ready and bagged up but I was charged for all of it. I didn't realize it until later when we had left the hospital. I called them a few days later to explain that I was displeased. We had HAD to leave,  I told them, because a toddler needed to be rushed to the hospital immediately. I explained I offered to pay for what was ready but was charged for all of it; even the stuff I didn't receive. The manager lacked any sort of empathy and coldly offered a $20 credit for the future. Our meal was close to three times that much (we had also ordered drinks that we never drank). In my opinion they should have been apologetic for overcharging me especially under the circumstances. I'll admit the food is good but the integrity of both individuals I dealt with is nonexistent. Also, although children are allowed, this is obviously not a family friendly establishment.
