4	Stalking Yelp is a new past time of mine. After looking at the conversation board, I saw that they were giving away a free scoop as a customer appreciation event. Although I love ice cream, I had forgotten about this shop inside the District. Thank goodness for Yelp, because I was reminded about why I love Ben & Jerry's so much.There are few flavors that are a miss from them. Usually, if I have a craving for their ice cream, I will head to the grocery store instead. For the same price as a scoop, you can pick up a pint at the supermarket. The only down side is that some of their flavors can be hard to find or out of stock. Due to that, it is worth stopping at the shop.The employees are warm and welcoming. It is difficult to show a smile when you are crazy busy, but they held up throughout this event.Another reason to come here, it is a personal goal of mine to get a group of friends together to take down their Vermonster sundae. A 20 scoop beast topped with an ungodly amount of fixings served in one of those large tubes you find the cheap ice cream in at the supermarket.
1	This location closed at least 10 minutes early. Hours said open to 9. We got there at 8:45. In the time it took to to write this review, no less than five additional people tried to enter the establishment to no avail. The ice cream probably would have tasted scrumptious if I had gotten any. I was looking forward to ending a special night with a special treat. Ben & Jerry's you have made me sad.
3	Ice cream great but service mediocre. They dont keep it clean inside or out where its usualyy nice to sit outside and people watch. Cant go wrong with the great flavors but the rest is just ok. Prices are normal for good ice cream.
4	I can't believe this place has such low ratings. I've never found it to be unclean and the service has always been A-okay. Their shop is small, and maybe don't have as many flavors as other loactions, but that's alright with me. I go for the Coconut Seven Layer Bar Ice cream that I can't get in the grocery store.
5	Can't go wrong with Ben and Jerry's
4	When it comes to ice cream/frozen treat shops you can't really go wrong. I rarely dislike a place cause its pretty hard to eff up ice cream.Ben & Jerry's is a pretty standard ice cream spot. No frozen yogurt, no pay by the ounce, just regular old fashioned ice cream. Think of Baskin Robins or Thrifty Ice Cream but serving all the Ben & Jerrys you can find in your local grocery store. Coming in I didn't really see the point of spending $5 on a scoop when I can just buy a pint from supermarket but they do have some exclusive flavors which is cool. Speaking of price, B&Js is kinda overpriced, $10 for banana split? I guess its "name-brand" ice cream but its delicious though. The milk and cookies is my fave but they have all the other classics there too. The cool thing here is that you can get shakes and cakes in your favorite flavor. Chunky Monkey birthday cakes and a Cherry Garcia shake are reality in this little shop.
5	It's Ben&Jerry's! Of course it gets a 5 star. Clean place, very nice employees. And the ice cream was great. :) They close at 10 on Sunday actually...
4	Great ice cream flavors for everyone. Kids can color & fill their faces. Eat inside or outside. Cakes available as well as catering.
5	Not only is the ice cream great but there's this one really cute guy who works there 10/10 would recommend.
3	Having just finished a healthy meal across the street, my friends and I decided to drop by Ben & Jerry's and totally undo all our healthy choices from dinner.The only reason to stop by a Ben & Jerry's is to try the flavors that you don't see in the grocery store. Service was standard and we enjoyed sitting outside as it was a cooler evening and we chatted and ate our ice cream.
