5	I enrolled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubbard. They've completed 2 swim lessons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skills. Plus, it seems to enable them with confidence and self esteem after each lesson.
4	My 2 year old daughter just did a week of swim lessons and I already feel more confident with her swimming skills. She knows how to go under water, jump in, and kick about the pool.The teacher was really nice and great with little ones. They have several locations across the valley and are faily priced at $70/week.
5	I take my 9 month old to Hubbard and we LOVE it! I feel so comfortable with the staff and it not only teaches him how to be comfortable with the water, but also teaches my husband and me how to take what he learns and apply it at home in the tub or even in the pool. The staff makes it fun with games and songs and the parents learn the right words to prepare babies to hold their breath when going under water. I think swim lessons are a must for kids here in AZ since almost everyone has a pool. And it's so great to see their progress!
4	I have a 2 year old and a 4 year old that have attended this school now for 9 months.   I would have given them 5 stars, but our experience here has been mildly mixed. Generally speaking, the school does a very good job teaching very young students how to swim and  be safe in the water. However, service quality depends on the time of day you go and teaching expertise depends on who you get.  Our younger son is in semi-private lessons right now which is required for his age.  His teacher Ed, is phenomenal.  Flat-out AMAZING.  He is fun, he is a great teacher, he is attentive and gives the kids 100% of himself as a teacher.  Usually we struggle to get our 2 year old out of the house, but when I tell him we're going to swim and see Ed, he's practically running to the door.   If all teachers were like him, I would give this school a 5-star.  However, my other son has had some mixed experiences.  He has had very good teachers and very bad teachers.  On our last make up, the teacher was staring out the window for most of the class, barked commands at him the whole time and finished his lesson a few minutes early .  This is not our normal experience here, but in my mind, this should never happen.  His usual teacher is much more attentive and caring. Generally, you have the same teacher every week, but for make-up sessions the teachers will vary and on occasion, teachers will call-out sick.  We pay $181 per month right now for 2 kids.  It feels like a lot of money, but when you break it down it averages about $21/kid/week which I think is very reasonable.  The lessons are 30 minutes.If possible, I would recommend that you try to get lessons during the weekdays in the morning.  The front desk folks during this time are very nice and personal and it is not too crowded.  Afternoons tend to be very crowded.  There is usually about a 5 minute wait for the showers in the afternoon which doesn't seem like a lot, but remember you are in line with a wet and shivering kid or two.  The desk girls are usually less experienced in the afternoons.  Some of the afternoon desk girls are flat out rude and immature.  But I guess with any large company, you always have a bad employee or two. Overall, I would recommend this place.  It is not perfect but it is the best swim school we have been to.
1	We signed up our 3 yr old daughter for swim lessons and initially things went well.  However after over 6 months of lessons she was not making any progress.  After speaking to managers, teachers, etc. we were given promises to work with her more and that she would be advanced to the next level within a few weeks.  Weeks turned into months and it never happened, but they were sure happy to take our $80 a month without any questions.   We put her in another swim school and she has advanced 2 levels within a few months.  Would not recommend this school to anyone.  They handled our situation very poorly and it was a waste of money.
5	Love love love love Hubbard!  I used to nanny for an 18 month old until she was 3.  We did swimming lessons the entire time - usually with Mary Beth.  She was my favorite swim teacher, but they are all very good.  Everyone has slightly different teaching methods so I think many people just prefer their first teacher since that is who they are used to.   I love how the teachers are firm - with the class I was in the kids are there to learn survival skills mainly, and also beginning swim skills - so this is serious stuff!  They are firm with the parents on what they need to do to help their kids.When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free!  For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques, but it helps get the babies used to the water.  It's $70 per month for one class per week, and we just can't afford it right now - but I am waiting and waiting for the day when we have some extra cash so I can enroll my daughter!  Until then, I do the songs that I learned there in our pool and I still remember so many of the techniques from when I nannied so I apply them with my daughter.
5	SUper knowledgeable and friendly staff will make you feel at home. Teaching a 6 month old to swim can be a bit daunting at times because you don't want to hurt them or scare them, but they are there to support you through it. Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!
5	I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!
5	I've been taking my son to the newborn (free) swim classes for the past 1.5 months.  Our instructor is Ed and he does a great job explaining which skills/development milestones each activity is working on.  I'm interested in continuing our son's classes but feel the $75 a month for 4 classes is a little pricey, especially because kids this young are pretty fickle and some classes they just don't want to cooperate.  Several of the other parents in the older (paid) classes highly recommend the school and their child's progress.  Maybe I'm just being frugal because I've been assured by other parents that the classes are a good value for the money.
5	I love this place!Warm, friendly and helpful staff help find the right class for your child.  Make-ups are easy to schedule and they always go out of their way to find the best for your situation.Thank you Hubbard for being so GREAT!
4	The staff at Hubbard is wonderful!  They are patient with the kids and know how to deal with moms-that-are-frustrated-because-their-18-month-old-child-turns-into-a-crazed-lunatic-each-time-they-arrive-for-swim-lessons...not that I would know.  Their method of teaching the children is very repetitive.  At first, I disliked the idea doing the same exercises at nearly every lesson, but after a few weeks i noticed that my daughter was really responding to their style of teaching.  Their use of songs in the lesson is clever and helped keep toddlers focused.  I agree with others, in that the early classes are more about survival skills than actual swimming, but after a short time my little one was floating on her back and pulling herself out of the pool unassisted. These skills are priceless and make the slight lack of organization at the school and over crowded lobby completely tolerable.
4	The lessons are really helping my child, and I love the reward system.  My 4 year old is trying very hard to "get his next ribbon" and is very proud of his accomplishments.  We've been to another swim school, and my oldest child really had problems with the pool bothering his eyes, and that is not a problem here.  Also, I think I like the instructors here a bit better.  The staff is friendly and helpful when questions arise.  I did take away one star because the showers, dressing rooms, and locker room space is WOEFULLY inadequate.  It's a bit of a nightmare getting two kids showered and dressed after lessons.  My kids are always cold, mad and grumpy by the time we navigate through the crowd, wait in line and do our best to get everyone dressed and out the door -- it detracts from an otherwise fun and useful experience.
5	Hubbard Family Swim School has become a staple for our family. You can feel the warmth and dedication on every visit. Our kids love it and are excited to come to every lesson. We even have birthday parties here!The instruction is top-notch and it's evident while watching through the huge glass wall.Most of all, my 5 year old is a much better swimmer than I am, his father. Thanks to Hubbard.
5	My 5 month old had his first swim lesson this week and he did great!  (Mommy did great too by the way!)  I heard about Hubbard from friends and probably should've taken advantage of their "baby splash" (aka free) classes for infants up to 6 months sooner.  Instead, Baby M is now enrolled in the "little snapper" class, which is $78 per month (for a 30 minute class every week).  Regardless, the first class was a success!  Katie, our instructor, was awesome.  Both baby and I loved the exercises we did together in the water from assisted back floats, tummy time swimming, water over his face, assisted help on the ledge of the pool, and socializing with the other kids in class... we loved the songs we sang in the pool also.The facility is a tad bit far for me, but at least it's conveniently located off the 51 (just north of Thunderbird on 32nd St).  Staff is super friendly and they have a snack bar and sell all kinds of swimming and baby supplies too (including baby's first swim suit).  The main changing area is a tad bit cluttered, but there are cubbies and bathrooms and a couple of private changing rooms too.  I like that the temperature of the water in the pool and the air around the pool is warm... and I'm sure the babies do too.Some of the kids in class were already putting their heads under the water... pretty impressive!  I look forward to seeing baby's progress in the pool in the weeks an dmonths to come.  Water safety is so important in Arizona, so I'm happy we're starting at such a young age!
5	My kids (ages 6 and 2) love the pool and are more confident swimmers, thanks to the great staff & swim instructors at Hubbard Swim.  We switched them over to Hubbard last year.  The repetitive skills / lessons each week helps re-enforce what the kids need to master in each swim level.  My children are also very excited when they receive ribbons for completing various skills &/or swim levels.  This positive reward system has been a great motivator for my kids, keeping them interested in swimming.I also find the online make-up scheduler very convenient.  Juggling three schedules is never an easy task, but Hubbard Swim has made this a stress-free process.  Even switching swim class days/times has been a positive experience, especially when our after school activities keep changing around.
5	What a great place! The little girl I watch has went from being afraid to get her eyes wet to swimmimg on her own in no time! The instructors are so great. They went at her pace until she was ready.
5	I would definitely rate Hubbard a five star.  As a conscientious parent in the Valley, I wanted my son to be able to swim and have a good experience learning to swim.  Growing up in the Midwest I enjoyed swimming during the summer, but detested the other nine months.  I remember the water being cold and heavily chlorinated in a relatively dark area during the off season. I must say, Hubbard offers a totally positive experience for its students.  We put our son in classes based upon the reputation of the swim school.  My son had only been in a pool one or two times without any instruction.  I was astounded to find that he actually enjoys swimming and actually excels in it.  He has been swimming for several months now.  The staff is qualified and is able to understand the fears and concerns of their students and how to successfully overcome these obstacles.  In addition, these courses have enhanced my son's self confidence overall.The environment is positive and buzzing with excitement.
5	I love Hubbard Family Swim School! We started with our daughter in their free, baby splash class at 3 months old. The free class is available to babies 6 months & under is great for getting your child acclimated to & comfortable in the swimming pool. Our daughter is now almost 20 months old & just moved into the Lil Snappers Advanced class. She can climb out of the pool on her own, jump into the water without fear on her own, hold her breath & swim with minimal assistance for 5-6 seconds, blow bubbles in the water, reach down in the water to pick up objects 1.5 feet below the surface of the water, etc. It's absolutely amazing. I'm very pleased! Thus far, I can recommend Katie, Lana, Ed, & Vanessa for instructors. They are knowledgeable, great with kids, & enjoy what they do. I highly recommend Hubbard. The only thing I would change is add some additional change-after-swim rooms!
5	Highly recommend Hubbard Swim School on 32nd St.  Otto is the best instructor.  My daughter has been going since she was 7 months (now 2 yrs old) and she loves the water.  Every month she gets better and she loves putting on her swim suit to go to class. We now have her baby brother on the wait list and will start him soon. If you are looking for swim classes for your child, take my word and give Hubbard a shot. You will not regret it!
5	This is definitely a five star operation! We have tried other not to be named swim schools, and there is no comparison. The staff, from the receptionists to the teachers, are all professional and friendly. The place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides. We decided to start coming here year round, and it is the best decision we ever made.
5	Had my little dudes first swim lesson/first time in a pool today. Hubbard comes very well recommended by multiple people in the valley who have been with them for years.I think we were in the little snapper class. My little guy is 9 months old. Everyone was super nice and helpful. They keep the water and the air temp nice a warm so the little ones are comfortable.The instructor was very sweet and had lots of good tips for us rookies.Excited to go back next week!
5	My two boys have grown up with Hubbard being a weekly part of their life for 5 years. They have had great instructors who have helped build them into great swimmers and great athletes.
