5	So living in Lawrenceville, I usually never travel past 45th st... But we decided to venture that direction in search of a new place to eat, that wasn't fast food. or a coffee shop.First impressions, it looks like a general bar. The game was on the screen, sports memorabilia on the walls, all that. Then there is  a separate dinning room area. Very nice, clean and private. The waitress was the most adorable girl in the world, and couldn't have been more prompt and attentive. Last, the food was excellent! Everything we ordered was great. And the menu was very nice. Good appetizers, salads and entrees. I highly recommend this place. If you want good food, great service, and don't mind eating in a place that doesn't look "Trendy" , but just want a great meal and are not just eating out to "be seen". GO eat there!
5	You must try the crab cake open sandwich.  The regular fish sandwich is also good.  Friendly service, nice bar, confortable dining area.
2	When I first moved to Lawrenceville Geno's was one of the first restaurant I experienced. I sat at the bar one afternoon and ordered a beer while chatting up Geno himself. I ordered an Italian sub that was phenomenal and left his restaurant feeling like I had just found a gem.I wish the review ended there, but it doesn't. In just a year and a half Geno's has really fallen to the wayside. He doesn't seem to get any business which then affects his product, spiraling his restaurant in that culinary catch-22 of lack of business/lack of quality that is basically the death throes of any eatery.On my last visit, I was more than a little disappointed. The server was almost nonexistent and many of their menu items were unavailable. I ordered the Italian sub again and she walked away before I could order a size. What I ended up with was half a sub for dinner. I'm a big guy and a 1-foot sub consumer.My girlfriend's meal was also sub par and expensive. Geno's is now erratically open and I can't imagine ordering a meal there, their hours are so random I find it hard to believe that they serve anything fresh.
