5	I've been here about three times already and by far this is the best sushi spot I've been to.  The sushi chefs are awesome and so super friendly.  They are so friendly, that when I took my cousin's here one time for dinner they were all over them.  LOL.  They just loved how cute my cousins are.  :)  The best sushi guy I've had, Tak, works there too.  He knows his ingredients, and knows how to entertain the taste buds.  I come here as much as I can.  I'll even walk there even if i have to.  Yeah, I'm a fan of their menu.From the outside, it doesn't seem like it's a great place to eat at.  But, once you step in it's like being in a whole different world.  The feng shui is perfect.  To the right are the hostesses ready to greet me and seat me down.  There's really no wait since I go at the right time.  I mostly go to the bar since I like talking to the chefs.  They're just awesome.  Tak is the best too.  He talks only as much as he needs to and is very polite.  To the left by the entrance a few feet away from the bar, a huge fish tank lies there with a lot of tropical fish.  I could see Nemo swimming around.As soon as I'm seated, Tak has a cucumber salad garnished with crab meat on top ready for me to eat.  The first item I order is, of course, the oysters.  The oysters in here are huge and plump.  Very tasteful.  It's prepared with salmon roe on top, green onions, and some soy sauce mixture with something in it.  It's so tasty.  Just thinking about it makes me want to go back for it.For my next item, I chose a crunchy roll #2.  This a sushi roll with shrimp, calamari, crab, cucumbers, and I think avocado in eel sauce.  Over the rice, there's tempura crumbs coating it.  The best part of the whole Sumo Sushi 2 experience is Tak's Special.  It's a lightly seared tuna in some kind of soy sauce mixture dressed in fried sweet onions.  It's so simple but when combined in my mouth, it's like fireworks.  The blend of the tuna with the crunchy onions compliment each other.If you like Poki, this is the place to eat it.  The way it's made is different from all the other sushi spots I've eaten at.  It's a little spicy and has a good kick in it.  The other great sushis are the Lasagna, Joe, and so many others that I can't think of it.  I've had majority of their sushis but they're named differently and the ingredients are like none I've had before.  The dessert to go for is the Fried Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream.  I couldn't finish it myself and would require at least two people to devour it.  Mochi is good too, but anyone can get that from the store.  I love the fact it's not too expensive.  But for those that love to eat a lot, maybe it might be a little pricey.  Mmmm... Sumo Sushi 2.
5	This is by far the best sushi place in town!  Their sushi is fresh and tasty.  The staff is fun and they make you feel at home.  Good times on the weekends with all those that come to this place.  I have been to most places in Las Vegas and no one can match their dishes.  If you are out of town, take the cab ride out to this place and get some great sushi. Great service, fun people, and even better sushi!!!!  Don't miss this great place!!!
1	The best sushi spot in town.  The fish is incredibly fresh and their creativity always amazes me.  One of my favorite rolls is the Johnnie roll in which cucumber holds the roll together (in place of the seaweed/rice).  Their sushi nachos are also fantastic which includes seared tuna and avocado on a fresh tortilla chip.  The staff is excellent and incredibly welcoming.  You will really feel at home.  Sumo sushi 2 has become not only my favorite sushi spot but, a great place to hang out on a Friday night!
5	Everytime I'm in town, I must carve out time to visit Sumo.  Inside the suburban retail exterior is a hidden treasure.  The ambiance provides a delightful essence of kabuki and a slight vibe of harajuku.  The hostesses and sushi chefs are always so friendly, attentive and appreciative of your patronage.  I HIGHLY recommend the XXX sushi roll!  DIVINE!  Also, you cannot leave without having a taste of the tuna karai.  BLISS!  As soon as I start to mouth off about the wicked desert heat, I think-- a li'l Sumo will stop my bitching in a heartbeat.  If Coach Sushi and Sumo were in the same city, I would simply be beside myself!
3	First off, I know next to nothing about Sushi.  But I do know about service and what I would expect out of a restaurant.  Sumo Sushi 2 just about hits the spot, but does miss in a few areas.To start, the area's where it does miss is in overall ambiance and location.  As my friend mentioned in her review, the music was set to XM 30: Hits, which at times had rap music playing (Chingy's "Ridin' Dirty" in particular).  This took away quite a bit from our mood.  The other downside is the location.  The sushi here is good but not spectacular; being further out on Durango, it is not worth the drive.The food itself was good, perhaps a little exspensive but again I don't know sushi as well.  We had a fried roll with cooked shrimp that was good but not spectacular.  A few things I particularly like are the sushi bar with the sports playing above it and the HUGE salt-water fish tank stocked with a wolf eel, ray and lionfish.  It is worth just sitting there and having some sake to check this out.  Also, considering how close it is to my friends apartment, I will probably be going here anytime I hang out with her simply because of how convenient it is.  It was particularly slow there, as well, on a Saturday night about 6pm, which is bad for them but good for us. On Friday and Saturday they are open till 2 A.M. for your late night cravings.
3	This is a good place overall, but nothing spectacular.Let me describe my experiences at this place...Food: The food is definitely not bad. It's not the best sushi place I've been to, but it's deifnitely better than most shopping center-located sushi places. The taste was good and fish fresh. I loved their unique combinations and dish names such as "Orgasm" etc. It was modern and fun. The rolls were extremely average, albeit fresh. Not too much taste, yet freshness was definitely top notch. Service: Waitresses were not very knowledgeable about their dishes or specials. I found two of the three servers to be sub-par in their cuisine knowledge, price knowledge and friendly attitude. They were passable, but definitely not great on the three occasions that I dined here. Sushi chef was okay, but not nearly as friendly as at other places. The wait staff overall seemed annoyed that I visited for lunch, although I did drop over $100 on the bill...which brings me to the next topic...Price: Overpriced. By far. Check out my other sushi places reviews--this by far was one of the most expensive. For lunch, no all you can eat sushi was offered and individual pricing was definitely on the high side, considering that this place is located in a shopping center and that food was good, but not spectacular by any meansAmbience and Atmosphere--excellent. In this aspect this is definitely one of the best places--everything from black granite counter tops, to cloth napkins to a humongous fish tank circling the dining room--this place screems style and modern fashion. I loved that it is located in a strip mall, but feels like you are dining on the strip. I did not notice any rap music, in fact music was a subdued elevator type of music, which suited my eating style just fine.Overall, this is not a bad place. But, there are definitely better in a neighborhood. If you have coupons to use for this place or don't care how much money you spend, then this is definitely an excellent choice, but if money is at least a small issue, than there are better options near by. Although, I may visit this place again in the near future. Not all bad, but not terribly exciting is my verdict for Sumo 2
2	This used to be one of my favorite places to go for sushi since it is relatively close to my house and the sushi was pretty good. I didn't go for quite a few months, and when I went back something happened. It was not as good as before. The rolls were much sloppier than I remember. The baked rolls had so much mayo on them they were damn near inedible.I did enjoy a couple of the rolls still, the "what the heck" rolls jump to mind, but overall it was not a good meal. On top of that, the bill was about $75 for 2 ppl, no alcohol, and we left hungry due to not being able to eat half the food. Of course it wasn't noticed that we didn't eat our food, but that was expected with the comically bad service.I'm done with this place. I'll have to venture out to one of the other thousands of sushi places around town next time.
4	definitely returning when i go back to vegas.the sushi was really good. very fresh and as alot of people mentioned earlier, some were very creative. the main reason we tried this spot was that it was conveniently located 1 min away from the house lol. we were pleasantly surprised to find out that it was really good as well.we had the "i did your ex wife" = a bunch of stuff in a jalapeno and deep fried. this was by far my favorite dish this time. i just wish they had a bigger portion.the gf had the japanese pizza. it took forever and a day and wasnt really that great but still worth a try.overall this place was a little pricey but worth it when you need that sushi fix.
4	Once again, my boyfriend is making me give a restaurant 1 star higher rating than I would like.  But either 4 or 5 stars, this place rocks and you will always find great sushi and extremely friendly staff.  My only complaint is that they do not offer all-you-can-eat (I am from a town that offers this everywhere, so I am spoiled and quite bitchy about the prospect of a place not offering this buffet option) or any sort of discount/special.  If you like spicy crab or salmon - and let's be honest, who doesn't? - you have to try their Stuffed Tomato.  It is so good that even first time sushi eaters will be impressed.  Never had a bad experience here and I've eaten here often.  Goooo Sumo!
4	Being the sushi elitist I am, this place was actually really good.  My sister and I got takeout the other night and it was prepared quickly and was fresh.  The menu was huge and they had a large offering of special maki rolls, along with a good selection of sashimi and nigiri.  There is a huge tropical fish tank in the lobby that is L shaped and has a really cool fish in it, however I think due to how new the place is there really aren't all that many fish in there yet.  If you're in the area, give it a try.  Next time I'd definitely eat in, or eat outside on their patio.
5	Sumo Sushi 2!!!!!!!!! O-M-G!!!!! FRIGGIN ORGASM!!! 69!!!! YUMMY!!!!!What happened here? My mouth and body were just trippen!I've had some good sushi in my lifetime but boy oh boy was this place AWESOME! It always helps to know someone to who works whereever you go. It also helps to tell them what you like and let them make special things for you that are on and off the menu. MmmMMMM! I'm SOOOOO going back soon!The first thing I had was the ORGASM. It was tuna sashimi with other things and topped with some special sauce. Whatever it was, it did give me my first orgasm and set my body up for the next orgasms as well!!!My FAVE rolls were the 69 roll (yes 69 roll is the name) and the Tuna Naruto roll (I think that was the name). The 69 roll was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo good!!!!!!!!! It had this special garlic sauce that was just amazing on the roll. WOW. SO friggin good.Of course we had sake bombs which was complementary to the rolls, sashimi, and special stuff we had. MmmMMM! You MUST go to Sumo Sushi 2. Tell them what you like and let them make you some stuff.Be nice and hook up my buddies with some beer and sake bombs!Have a great time and get ready for a MOUTH-GASM!!!!!!!!!
4	Really great quality sushi. I've had almost all of the specialty rolls and have never been disappointed. I've also tried the Tuna Tataki salad which is probably enough for two people.The only thing I would suggest is to get there before 8pm. Since the sushi chefs usually end up drinking with the guests, countless sake bombs later and as the nigh wears on, you start to wait a little bit longer for your order to go through.
4	This place is just down the street from me and I absolutely love their food.  It is so SPENDY though.  To order enough rolls to fill up two people, expect to pay about $80.  That's without dessert or drinks.They have a fried tempura cheesecake that's insanely good - Paula Deen would freaking love it.  I'd go back for dessert alone.The tuna tataki was really good - I almost didn't want to share with my husband!  My son just likes to watch the fish tank - he doesn't much care what he eats.The creative names of the sushi make you laugh (Orgasm, 69, I Just Did Your Ex-Wife) but they are legitimately GOOD rolls!  Pick your poision (tuna, salmon, shrimp) and pick a few rolls and you will be sure to be having a party in your mouth in no time!
3	Friends and I were looking forward to an evening of fine Japanese cuisine, after reading the reviews on Yelp.  Unfortunately, the food was "OK" and nothing really outstanding.  Our group of friends have lived in Japan for two years and traveled extensively throughout Japan and Asia.  Note:  This is a Korean owned and operated Japanese/sushi restaurant.  I am very particular about the shoyu sauce, especially the wasabi.  The sauce was very light, especially when eating sushi/sashimi and the wasabi was not  the freshly grated root of the wasabi plant.  I have tasted better wasabi from a tube.  The hamachi sashimi was good, not really fresh though; hamachi kama was dry; uni sushi was good; sauce for the yaki tori was very sweet.  Overall the sushi we ordered were fine, but seem to lack the "orgasmic" taste described by other reviewers.  I have eaten at many "Japanese" restaurants in Las Vegas and must admit most were "failures."  The only Japanese restaurant I would rate at the top would be Nobu's.  I would not recommend Sumo Sushi 2 for those who REALLY know the joys of eating fine, Japanese cuisine.
5	The sushi is very high quality and the price is decent. It is not an all-you-can eat place but like i said before the quality is superb. Been going there for about 2 years and still loving it. Staff is friendly and entertaining. If i could I would eat there everyday.
5	My family and I were a bit tired of the Vegas buffet, so we decided to venture outside of the Strip for our last dinner in Vegas.We found Sumo 2 on Yelp and decided to give it a try. We also got a $50 gift certificate from restaurant.com, so we knew we were in for a nice deal. Little did we know dinner at Sumo 2 turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip.The atmosphere was nice and friendly. Our table of 10 were seated at a corner of the restaurant. Service was good. But the real winner was the food. Everything was very delicious. We could not stop marveling at how yummy our rolls/bento/udon/grilled fish were. Overall, we had a great time here. My mom made sure we got a couple of their business cards so she could return to this restaurant next time she's in Vegas!!
1	First off, I do have to admit that I am somewhat of a sushi-snob.  I went here once... and have not gone back.  The food was okay for a Korean owned sushi place, however, what turned me off about this place the most was the customer service.  The sushi chef my boyfriend and I had ignored us half the time and when I asked for ooba (japanese mint) to be placed in one of my rolls he said that it would be an extra charge.  That's fine and all, I really don't mind that, but when one of my friends who is Korean told me that he went to this place and they didn't charge him for extras it really got me upset.  I think consistency is a key component when building a clientele base and this restaurant is definitely not adhering to that policy with their sloppy rolls, heavy rice, and selective customer service.  For the price and quality of fish, it is definitely not worth the 5 minute drive up Warm Springs.  I would opt for Sushi-Mon (in Silverado Ranch, not Sahara) where the chefs are friendly, the fish is good, and the portion of rice is small (even for all you can eat).
5	Pink lady and volcano rolls are the best!  I have been going here for 2 years and I think they have the most friendly/funny sushi chefs in town.  If you're looking for a good, chill place to have sushi I would suggest this one!
3	A decent sushi place that takes Restaurant.com GC.Food:Dancing Tiger Roll just didn't work. It might have been the eel sauce. Ignoring the eel sauce, the ingredients in the inside seem fine. The 69 roll was a really good roll overall. The gyoza was fine. Didn't get a chance to try Uni or Toro to really test this place.Service: When we wanted to get Uni, the sushi chef recommended against because the quality wasn't that great. That gets them some points for being honest, but is this the norm?Price:Pre Restaurant.com GC, this place is more expensive about $2 or $3 more than Naked Fish across the menu. This seems minimal, when you order a lot of rolls it really ads up. However, once you use the $25 off of $50 on Dinner Only, things start to get more affordable. There is usually always an 80% Off code towards the end of the month.Worth trying again with a Restaurant.com GC, otherwise I rather just go to Naked Fish.
3	We landed in LAS around 7pm and headed to Susmo Sushi straight from airport. We were surprised this place is quite far from the strip. From the map, it looks like it's pretty closeby.The atmosphere was nice, it's got flat screen TV on all side of the resto. The NCAA finals were on all every TV when we were here... Duke vs. Butler. Unfortunately, Duke won by 2 pts.We ordered quite a few rolls! The 69 roll was awesome! it has a very unique sauce on it. The orgasm roll (not really a roll, just sashimi on it) was not bad. Unfortunately, that's the only 2 rolls we liked. We also tried what the heck roll, which was way too sweet for our taste, and another roll that's so forgetful that I dont even remember the name of it. My mom ordered unagi-ju. It has this sour taste to it, which is kinda weird cuz it's supposed to taste sweet.If you eat here, definitely order the 69 roll, but other than that, nothing else is too special. I dont think I'll come back here again next time, esp since it's so out of the way from the strip.
1	No offense but this place was pretty awful. The sushi clearly wasn't all that fresh and like others have said the rolls were sloppily made and often less than th advertised pieces. The service was also awful even though the place wasn't crowded at all. Now I guess we know why it wasn't packed. Drive the extra 5 minutes to Naked Fish and save yourself the misery.
1	Someone actually gave this place five stars? Kill yourself.I'd rather eat the dead raccoon from hot tub time machine than subject myself to another shitty piece of sushi from Sumo Sushi.I'm grouping this in the same league as Inaka (Blue Diamond/Cimarron), and Inaka gave me food poisoning. I literally almost didn't make it home before I shit all over the place, and that goes for the 3 friends that were also subjected to Sumo's horror.I liked the ambiance of the place, but I can't imagine why ANYONE would EVER eat here when Naked Fish / Sen of Japan are 5 minutes down the road.My asshole hurts just thinking about Sumo.
5	WOW WOW! My boyfriend and I are EXTREME sushi eaters! Our favorite sushi dining spot is Sushi Roku @ Caesars. We have tried many many sushi restaurants in Vegas and always compare to Roku and NONE have come even close until Sumo 2!!! The Korean female sushi chef was amazing. The fish OHHH SO FRESH!! We will be back...again and again and again!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go when I just want something yummy and fast. I always get the tuna tataki salad, its real light and the dressing is amazing plus they don't short you on tuna. The staff is always great and I feel like I'm having a meal with them even when I'm alone. Definitely recommend it for quick lunches or casual dinner.
4	I'm pretty sure I just found my new sushi spot.  The quality of the fish is good, the chefs are fast and honest, love to have fun while you eat, and the best part of it all is the $26 all you can eat.  For having the quality of fish they serve at $26 AYCE is a pretty good deal considering most rolls at places are $12-16 for their specialty rolls and $5-9 for a 2 pc order of nigiri.Another great thing about this place is that they are open until 2am now.
1	Bought a restaurant.com certificate and went last night for dinner. Waitress informed me that they stopped accepting those certificates for all you can eat. When I told her that the cert doesn't say that, she said "yeah but my boss decided a month ago she doesn't want to take them". I told her that it wasn't my fault that they didn't update their restaurant.com listing and they should honor the cert. She refused and after "calling" the owner, she still refused to accept it. We walked out and plan on never returning. Shame on any business that doesn't honor their obligations. I would never have driven across town and dragged 3 friends without that cert. The worst part is the girl spoke very little English and just kept repeating over and over again "I know".  With a million great sushi places in Vegas and restaurants dying in this economy, there is no room for Sumo Sushi II. The funny thing is there were only 2 people in the place at 6:30pm when we got there. Maybe they should take the hint...
1	Sumo Sushi declined to use my Restaurant.com coupon stating that all you can eat is a promotion and therefore does not qualify. I printed the coupon that same day and there was no mention of not being able to use it for all you can eat. The owner should honor these obligations and has chosen not too.
5	This is a SUPREME sushi joint! The food is always fresh and delicious!  The staff is attentive, warm and joyful! I Love this place!
1	Went here with my wife and parents on New Year's Eve, and we all ordered the AYCE for the variety. The service is great, and the food is decent, but there is a BIG caveat: my mother and I both got food poisoning. My father and wife, who didn't eat any uncooked food, were fine. I've never gotten food poisoning at any other sushi place in Vegas, so unless you want to take the risk, I recommend checking out another restaurant for your sushi fix.
5	One of my FAVORITE places so far. The food is amazing here depending what you get. The fish is one of the freshest that I have had living here in Vegas. The quality of the fish doesn't change with choosing the AYCE option, which makes the price definitely worth it.The staff welcomes you right when you walk into the door, and the chefs interact with you when you sit at the bar. Their sushi chef's are SO friendly! They are definitely a reason why we return to this sushi spot. The atmosphere is relaxing, with little enclaves for parties if you enjoy your own privacy. The fish tank is beautiful there, and really adds to the overall feel of the restaurant.
3	Only give it a 3 due to not having half orders for sushi bar ayce customers.  When your new to the place and you want to try rolls, full orders are to much. Would have went back again if they did held orders atleast at the sushi bar. Fish was good
2	If anyone has gone to sumo sushi 2 when they first open & compared to now. then you should know that sumo sushi 2 has completely changed. Before, this place never had AYCE, it was just mainly al la carte. They had the freshess fish that it tasted so amazing. until one day, lawwwds knows what happen!!!! everything had changed. im talking about the workers, the fish, and the customer service.  we tried the AYCE one day for the first time, and it was not impressive at all. fish was very chewy. there tempura batter was not even cooked all the way, even our favorite roll that we use to get did not taste the same and was disgusted. Not only that, they purposely make the rolls so big that they want you to be stuff from it that you won't order anything else. one word " DISLIKE"
4	The staff at Sumo Sushi 2 are indeed pretty awesome.  They are friendly, attentive, and efficient.I read some Yelp reviews earlier in the day, and decided I was feeling in the mood for sushi and trying a new place, so when my GPS listed Sumo Sushi as one of the nearby sushi restaurant I knew right away that that was where I was going to go for dinner.The ambiance was great. Right when you walk in, you can see large aquariums (salt water) with colorful fish swimming about.  The lighting is on the dimmer side, which sets a good atmosphere for those on a romantic dinner.I tried their AYCE menu (~$26 +tax).  And overall I thought the fish served were fresh, including their special sashimi (3 options available on the AYCE menu).Special Sashimi:Tuna Karai - basically cubes of tuna with a blend of spicy seasoning.  They can make this really spicy if you request it, but it was pretty spicy without any special request.  So unless you can handle the heat, don't try to impress anyone asking for 9/10, then not being able to finish it :p  It was good, if you like tuna.Cocaine - this one was good too, slightly different flavors, but not all that different.Screaming Orgasm - slices of fish dressed in their "Orgasm" sauce.  Not bad.I mostly had their nigiri and some items from the appetizer section.  The nigiri were good, except they didn't have uni when I went, so that was rather disappointing.  Of the items on the appetizer section, my favorite is the Kurobuta Sausage, which was basically 1 pork sausage sliced up and served with ketchup. In hindsight, I should have ordered like 2 or 3 of these (since I don't think it is on the menu at other AYCE sushi restaurants).Of the rolls, I was only able to ordered two:Tuna Naruto - refreshing roll of various fish (salmon, tuna, krab) wrapped in cucumber.  (No rice).  The chef who prepared it has good knife skill, so it turned out looking as tasty as it was beautiful.  Something Wrong #69 - not a bad roll, but drenched in way too much spicy garlic ponzu sauce or was it regular soy sauce (?), because it was so salty that I drank 2 cups of hot tea trying to finish it all.After that I was done. Too much rice + hot tea = bloated stomach.Service: 4.5/5Ambiance: 4.5/5Food: 3.5/5Price: 4/5 reasonable for AYCE.Location: Off the Durango exit on 215, so great for locals, but not for out of town visitors.4/5 in my book.  And just FYI, the sushi has Korean influence in terms of the way they flavor their special sauces, rolls and such.
5	I LOVE SUMO SUSHI 2!It's my Favorite restaurant in Vegas - PERIOD!$26 for AYCE!Go with a good group of people if you want to try a variety of rolls. A huge list of appetizers are included too! Ahi Tuna... yumNow what to eat... everything!I remember a Johnny Roll (cucumber outside) was good and not too filling - like rice. There was a vinegared roll that also stood out. All the rest were good too. Just keep eating till you pop- you won't regret it!- Just make sure you finish all your food or it goes to a la carte pricing!
3	We've eaten here a bunch of times and can never seem to spend less than $150 (two people) because there are so many great things on the menu. No, it's not the freshest sushi but they do well with the quality offered.My wife is partial to the miso cod which is usually very dependable and we've found that they are generous with the cuts of fish in the sashimi platter. My tip: order another roll or cocktail and pass on dessert - I'm pretty sure these are pre-packaged.
4	ok so im gonna make this quick cause i've had a few glasses of wine and im tired and full :) but i like this place.....maybe its because its really close to my house but i just dont see anything wrong with 25.99$  all you can eat .....so ok some of the rolls are an acquired taste like the pink lady (aka vag***a roll)  my bf left with an upset stomach because of that one but he's not a big a sushi fan as me ......the plum wine is basically like alcoholic koolaid but its good and it helps if you are ordering some of the spicy rolls.....they do start to slow roll you towards the end (there was 5 of us and we prob ate about 300$ worth of sushi) ....when i eat sushi im looking for creativity and freshness and this place has both as far as i'm concerned....they do have other items on the menu if you have someone who is not adventurous in your group.....the service was good ....casual atmosphere.... this would be the 3rd time i've been there and i havnt been disappointed yet .....im no sushi snob so i dont know how much validity my review has if you are..... BUT  i did live in la for 6 years and have been to some of the REALLY GOOD sushi places so maybe that helps lloll.....if you want good sushi at reasonable prices then go to sumo sushi ok....just for a price reference 3 people AYCE (all you can eat) a bottle of plum wine and a 22 ounce beer was 110 for a good sushi place i think thats a reasonable price if anybody has better for that price let me know! :)   goodnight!
4	I was on my way to 808 Sushi only to find out that they are not open till 4pm.  WTF?  Anyhow, knew Sumo was around the corner so we gave it a shot.  The AYCE menu (Which is normally my preferred choice) was not appealing at all.  The specialty rolls were not on that menu.  So we ordered ala carte.  We ordered all specialty rolls and the food was excellent.  The service was pretty fast but then again there were only like 4 other people there.  I still left full and spent less than I did having AYCE at Oyishi a few weeks earlier which was much less impressive.  I would certainly suggest Sumo if you are looking to go for an ala carte meal.
5	after not eating at this place for quite some time, mainly because i moved away from that area, i decided to give it another chance. there aren't many sushi joints i like in town, and at one point i was a big fan of this place, so what the hell.i'm glad i did. they were on point. i can't remember the names of the rolls i had because they all have cute little names, but they were all fresh and delicious. washed em down with some beer and sake, and called it a night.great job, sumo sushi 2, you are back in my rotation.
5	Simply the most all-around satisfying (service + food + atmosphere) sushi experience I've ever had. A friend and I were visiting Las Vegas from Chicago and drove out to "the burbs" (sincere apologies to locals, but to us that means anywhere more than a mile or two from The Strip or Fremont Street) to meet friends who live in town. This was their go-to sushi joint and they promised us that the weekends were when this place really shines.We passed through the door and you would swear that our friends were royalty. The waitstaff and several of the sushi chefs erupted in welcoming shouts and quickly escorted us to our seats right alongside the sushi bar.Before I could even get my bearings, we were nearly instantly inundated with wonderful-looking maki rolls, tall bottles of Sapporo, sake bombs and what I can only describe as the most hilarious PG-13 sushi chef live performance that fell somewhere between Coyote Ugly bar antics, a Japanese game show and an amateur striptease. We were literally laughing off our seats and couldn't get enough (we have the cell phone videos to prove it!). If the food were just OK, I still would have loved this place, but I'm a sushi lover and this place delivered flash AND substance!After a whirlwind 2-hour experience, we whisked ourselves out of Sumo Sushi 2 absolutely stuffed and absolutely happy. I can't wait to visit Las Vegas again and stop by this nondescript little strip mall sushi joint again. In one visit, it instantly became one of my favorite stops in town!
4	This is the fourth time I've been here so I guess it's about time I posted a review. The AYCE here is reasonable and very good. The consistency changes each time I'm here though. That's not necessarily a bad thing. Sometimes it means more sashimi or bigger rolls, other times it might mean a roll is made just slightly different than the last time you were here.  This happened to me with the Valley Roll. Both times it was excellent but the second time i ordered it they seemed to add a sauce that wasnt there before .Again, this isn't a bad thing. The quality of the food is still very good and the service is always excellent. I really like that they include appetizers in the AYCE menu too. It's a nice twist that most other places don't do.
1	Had decent food, but shitty service. Never returning.
3	Fresh sushi, great unique roll creations and terrific service but it comes at a very high price point.  I eat here every once in a while but much rather go to a sushi bar with an all you can eat option.
2	Awful. We used to come here when we were in town from Hawaii and loved it. This time we had the all you can eat option and the quality was poor at best. Service was okay, not too friendly as before. My daughter commented that her shrimp sushi was slimy....UUGGHHH. Some of the dishes were good, the steak, but steak at a sushi restaurant? too much mayo on the dishes, fish was covered in all types of sauces, too overwhelming.  Ice cream dessert was not too good also.
5	Took my parents out here for their wedding anniversary. Lol its their first real sushi bar experience. We did the AYCE dinner for $26. We started slow just because my parent was clueless, but with the help of the waitress we had an amazing dining experience, we left all happy and stuffed. For a Saturday night it wasn't that busy @10, so we had a lot of their attention, service was above excellent, friendly smiles and quick service throughout dinner. 3 sashimi choices available in AYCE. Cocaine should be eaten not sniffed at least this one should be. The Cocaine and Tuna karai were the closest to poke and were my fave. Screaming orgasm was recommended, liked it except the sauce was a bit to sweet for me. Really good selection of nigiri, hand rolls, regular rolls, specialty rolls, and appetizers. Rolls were all full rolls no halves. Nigiri comes in pairs, oysters also. Finally got my uni fix on. Dessert in AYCE was only ice cream, plum, red bean, green bean, and vanilla. Order two serving of the plum. Outside of AYCE there are some pretty good items but if your here to stuff your face in sushi do the AYCE definitely. One thing u gotta try is the fried tempura ice cream. I personally haven't tried them yet but next time I plan too. For $26 AYCE sushi dinner you're not going to get the highest quality of sushi, that's at least $100, but you get pretty good quality here and pretty good selection.
5	Back here to use my restaurant.com coupon saved around $20. No AYCE  this time but a pretty good dinner for 3 and some to take home for under $40.  I noticed they have added some of their other desserts to the AYCE menu, not only just their regular ice cream but also their tempura ice cream and a bit more. Also spotted that they have all you can drink alcohol for $15
4	great ayce. orders come out really fast. the sushi can take some time though. one time we were done eating before the sushi came out. but their food is really good.
4	Japanese Lasagne roll is delicious!
5	One of the better sushi joints in town, for the value.  Always fresh and always tasty.  Some variations on rolls depending on the chef preparing them, but overall good.Have eaten here about once per week for the past 2 years.  Never disappointed yet.
1	Me and the girlfriend live in the SW area and frequent a number of sushi bars.  By chance we had not actually gone to this particular sushi bar until today at lunch.  As normal with all sushi bars, we are asked if we want the "all you can eat", but were more interested in lunch specials and were seated at a booth. We ordered a bento box and a sashimi platter and waited... and waited.  We watched as the people were up at the rail getting served by the sushi chef.  New folks would sit at the rail and get served and yet we just sat waiting.  As we were getting up to walk out after approximately 45-min, the waitress brought out our food.  Concerning the sushi, they made a mistake on the girlfriend's order (spicy tuna instead of regular) and they quickly redid it, but it was loosely wrapped and falling apart.  The salmon teriyaki was ok, but there was something "wrong" with the tempura.  It was almost soggy.  The miso soup was probably the worse we have ever had at a sushi restaurant.I would recommend going to one of the many other sushi restaurants in the SW area!
4	We took a friend here for his birthday. The service was outstanding, sushi was fresh, prices were good and we used a gift certificate from restaurants.com so it was very reasonable. I would eat here again.
3	Super fun, interactive sushi chefs when sitting at the sushi bar! Jay's Burrito is my favorite. Very nice prices for good sushi!
5	I've been here several times, the last time for the holidays, and every time it's fresh and delicious! I have the chef recommend some sushi so things are a surprise. I've been able to try some very unique sushi combinations that were all really great.I like their nigiri and rolls. I'll also order a couple friend dishes liked the baby octopus... yum! The tuna or mixed karai is amazing. They must put crack in there! It's so good!The fish is very fresh and menu selection wide. They have a ton of different and unique rolls and a lot of other dishes liked gyoza, steak, soup that are all included in the AYCE price. There might be a time limit but I'm sure it'll be plenty time for you to get full.Service is great, atmosphere nice and people very friendly.I highly recommend for sushi lovers and beginners!Mmm... writing this review made me hungry for some sushi! Arg, can't wait to be back!
5	- The chefs are fun and friendly. - The AYCE is well worth the price. - Never have been disappointed.- The fish is fresh and the rolls have a lot of flavor.- If you ask the chef to make something special they usually have no issue with showing off there skills and make something not on the menu.- They have a happy hour during the week and on Sundays. Sapparo and Saki for a $1. Can't beat that.- All-in-all this place is great.
5	do not take this place lightly for just because of its location.. Great sushi for all you can eat and great service. i eat pretty often so try everything if you can. this is also a place where they dont pile on alot of rice after 3 times of ordering. so give it a shot. i know there are alot of places around the area like Oyshi or 808 sushi and Kobe. so if i were to rank them it would be 1. Sumo, 2. Oyshi 3. Kobe 4. 808. tried them all so there you go. (try Cherry Blossom, Dragon Roll,salmon skin hand roll, garlic tuna, super white tuna,albacore, baked mussells are my favs)
5	Love this place. Very down to earth and friendly environment. Everyone greets you including the chefs. Food is amazing and super fresh. AYCE is the way to go! If I could, I'd eat there everyday!
1	I usually love this restaurant but the quality has gone way down! Most of orders had something wrong with them. The unagi came out missing the the sauce and seaweed wrap.  The dynamite was burnt and didn't have any cream.  The garlic edamame was extremely burnt.   It looked like the restaurant only had two servers. I felt bad for them at first but I didnt towards the end of the night. When we told them the problems with our food, they shrugged us off. On top of that the sushi chef gave my family a dirty look for voicing our concerns with the food. It was as if they were only interested in satisfying their customers at the sushi bar.  I dont think I will be back for a very long time. I'm not happy at all with the way my family was treated tonight.  Save your money and eat at a sushi bar that gives good service
5	Love this place! The music, atmosphere, staff... And above all the best sushi out of all the places we've been to in Vegas!
1	We used to frequent this ayce. In the past few months the quality has gone down the tubes. The freshness of the fish has suffered as well as the size of the pieces. With the selection of ayce in town this place does not compete any longer. I would not bother stopping here and wasting your time and money.
5	Great food and great chefs. We have been eating there for 3 years and recently they brought the old chefs back and they are back on their game! Excellent specialty rolls with mega flavor. Fun atmosphere and friendly staff. I would suggest reservations on the weekends as again, they brought their super chefs back and the place is hopping :O)
4	Stopped in here on a whim and LOVED it. The chefs started bringing all kinds of stuff out as soon as we said AYCE.  Amazing flavors and great quality.  A Must try :)
1	Tried this while I was visiting friends in Vegas.  The restaurant was clean and there is a beautiful aquarium that entertained my toddler before we started eating.  They brought her a kids' plate and her bento box came in a cute bear shaped box.  Unfortunately, the food itself wasn't as impressive.  The teriyaki chicken was too rubbery for my child, and my sushi rolls seemed like they had been handled too much.  Given that there are sushi places a dime a dozen in Vegas, I won't bother going back here again.
5	Awesome, yummy, great price for the AYCE, great atmosphere, attentive staff- creative, friendly chef Woody totally took care of us!  The fish was incredibly fresh, so light and pure- the sauces were great- and I love it when you can say "just make me something" and the chef is excited about it!  Sit at the sushi bar - can't wait to go back!
2	Not the best place I've been in a while. My bf order all you can eat, I order ala carte. My one dish I order never came out, after my bf was pretty much done I asked the server if my food was almost ready? He walked over to his computer looked at the kitchen then came to me and said sorry it must 'not have gone through' ok ok I get it you forgot it happens. They were nice enough to comp that, I was sad though bc once my chicken rice combo came out, it was not worth waiting for. My bf is a real foodie and LOVES sushi, he was not impressed. The sushi chef who spoke english well was great, I just feel like he was doing a lot of work to pick up the slack for everyone else.These 2 girls sitting next to me waited 10 mins for menus!
4	Expensive, but I love this place!Sitting on the bar here is awesome.
4	Fun place...especially at night when the music starts thumpin' and you're enjoying some good Japanese beer.  Service can be hit or miss, but the staff is always friendly.  And of course - yummy sushi!
4	The fish is very fresh although the quality isn't consistent.  Sometimes the fish will be the best in the city, and other times it will lack any flavor.  The best thing about Sumo is the Yuzu Yellowtail.  It is the one thing that I keep coming back for.  The tart juice from the yuzu gives a nice refreshing taste.  Service here is decent.  On busy nights, the service is impeccable.  Servers will ask how the food is and if we need anything else.  But, when there are very few people, the service is very slow and inhospitable.  Strange.Make sure to sit at the bar if you do AYCE.  You'll get more sushi faster.
5	Best sushi in Vegas for all you can eat!
5	Love this place and their sushi. All you can eat, I didnt have any of their creative sushi, just stuck with the basic rolls, super white tuna, fresh water eel, uni, snow crab, salmon, yellowtail and more. All the rolls were fresh and tasted great. Sushi chiefs were funny and fast on service. Make sure you seat at the sushi bar to get the whole experience. The place is spacious and beautiful. Another all you can eat sushi spot to try.
4	Came here last night for a friend's birthday party. We got times mixed up and ended up kicking off an hour later then intended but the staff was understanding and didnt give us any annoyance or anything of the sort.ON TO THE REVIEW!!Sadly there's not much to report. I completely agree with everything Tony T. wrote in his review dated on 2/10/2011The price for AYCE is still +/- 25 bucks, tax, and your basic drink isnt included. I very strongly would like to confirm Tony's final comment in his review about the Korean influence with the sauces. A lot of the rolls and special items were heavily sauce dependent which did and didnt work out in their advantage a few times. Throwing out a few things of my own:Cucumber Salad - Wasnt exactly fresh and the cucumbers have been swimming in vinegar for way too long giving them a soft soaked vinegar exploding result when you bite into themDeep Fried Baby Octopus - Hope octopi reproduce like it's cool because these were simply amazing. Remember that comment about heavily sauce dependent? Balance was damn near perfectKamikaze Roll- Pretty much a spicy tuna with some eel sauce. To me the eel sauce was poured on top of the spicy tuna rolls and the rice soaked it up like us bar hopping on Fremont street. Personal Preference but would have been better if they sauced the plate then added the rollsCherry Blossom - Yeah the one thing i ordered and didnt finish because i didnt really like it too much. To the best of my memory the menu described it as fried soft shell crab on the outside, Krab and cucumber and other stuff on the inside, avocado on the outside drizzled with some sort of sauce. The presentation was excellent it was just beautiful to look at. It itself on the other hand wasnt exactly to my liking and it's due to personal preference not due to anything on their part. Too little soft shelled crab, too much Krab and too much sauce ended it for me. Baked Mussels - Why is it that there are ALWAYS baked mussels on the menu at almost every sushi place but NO ONE orders a plate and when the mussels come out for the one guy that orders it he gets mugged? These were great, they even took the time to remove them from the shells and cut them in half for more bite sized pieces. Also not a lot of mayo before being baked. extra points in my book.Bacon Wrapped Asparagus- Wait wait wait...bacon wrapped asparagus on an AYCE sushi menu?!?! I had 2 they were amazing...Cajun Albacore - A bit on the salty side from the Cajun dry spice rub. Albacore was fresh So yeah that's about it. I would recommend this place to people who enjoy sushi without a serious love for raw fish.
3	My boyfriend and I have been going to this spot for a few months now. The W07 roll is amazing and the sushi chef, Choochoo keeps things entertaining. But last night we took some friends who had never been to Sumo and it was a complete disappointment. My friend found a hair in his miso soup. A bit un-appetizing, but hey, it happens. We then found two more hairs in our sushi rolls. Come on! When we notified our server, she was apologetic and had the sushi chef re-make our roll. But at that point it was hard to swallow anymore food. Not to mention, our server took forever in bringing us our bill. They were literally wiping down tables for closing, when I had to get up and seek her out to pay. If i come back, I will definitely sit at the bar where the service is ten times better than sitting at a table. Kinda sad though, this was one of our favorite places. Probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
3	Came here last night and had a mediocre experience. Great happy hour with 1$ Saporos and Sake. My friend ordered a beer & it came out room temperature. It also had lipstick on it. But I understand shit happens & let's face it, you don't go to a local sushi spot for the service. The seaweed salad was great! We ordered the Lion Roll & the What The Heck Roll. The lion was amazing, would def order it again. The what the heck came out with all these onions, peppers & tomatoes that wasnt in the menu description. Not so great. The sushi chef was pretty entertaining. Over all I may return just for the Lion Roll.
5	This Place Is Great! I have been coming here with friends for the last 6-8 months and will definately continue to do so. The great atmosphere and very friendly/efficient service is helps in my decision but the main reason we keep coming back is the food. Everything is always fresh and delicious. No tiny rolls here with rediculous amounts of rice.. They pack a ton of fish and veggies into their rolls without the overwhelming amounts of rice. Its just enough and you will definately be full and satisfied. The head sushi chef and his dishes are amazing and JayJay is always our server. Definately a great place to eat and enjoy a good time.
1	In order to justify a 1 star review, I have to make a confession. Once in awhile I used to buy spicy tuna roll from Vons... the grocery store... that is just around the corner from Sumo Sushi. To my surprise the spicy tuna roll I ordered from Sumo Sushi looked and tasted exactly like the spicy tuna from Vons. Not what I expected from an actual sushi restaurant. Then my wife wanted a Futo Maki roll, a common sushi roll in Japan. The person taking my order had no idea what it was. The bill for 3 rolls and a cup of miso soup to go? $27. No need to ever go back.Overall impression: Maybe if you're a bro and just want to throw back a couple sake bombs and eat a ton of crap sushi while feeling like you're in a club this is the place for you.
5	This is our all time favorite spot to eat Sushi! The service is impeccable, and the AYCE is absolutely worth every penny.  The fish is always fresh and the flavor is never disappointing.
1	We got food poisoning here......
4	Great sushi with great service. Stay away from everything on that separate desert menu. I found it funny that they have a giant fish aquarium filled with fish completely unaware of what is going on outside the glass lol...made my sashimi that much better!
4	Great AYCE sushi place!  It's the first that I've been to in Vegas and I was more than satisfied!  Not only because of the price ($20.95 for lunch/$25.95 for dinner), but also because of the quality of the fish, and the fact that they didn't pack on the rice in the rolls/nigiri.  Back home in Cali, no matter where I've gone (except my one fav place that's been out of business for at least 6-7 yrs now) they try to fill you up on rice and the quality of the fish isn't exactly the best.There's quite the selection of rolls, nigiri, appetizers, and even dessert!  Even if you don't plan on eating a lot, just ordering a couple of rolls will already pay for itself!I was about to starting listing all of the nigiri that I enjoyed, but everything that I had was great!
1	horrible, horrible service!
1	Food was ok.  Service was terrible!  They put you at the table and forget about you!
1	The first thing I don't understand about this sushi restaurant is why it's opened so late. They are open from 11:00 AM in the morning and closes at midnight. Fishes are suppose to be fresh. The fish does NOT taste fresh at all. It just feels like they want to be opened late till midnight so they can earn more money. I've been to this sushi restaurant 3 times for dinner and all three of them were a bad experience. Though all the workers there were nice and friendly, I wasted my $30 just on fish that weren't fresh at all. The third time I went was the last chance that I would give it a try and now I am going to find me another sushi restaurant. I really do not recommend this restaurant, it is the worst sushi I have tasted living in Las Vegas.
2	I've been here a couple of times and got a voucher to use since it's so close to me but the last time I went was terrible.first of all the soy sauce had a funny taste to it, it wasn't kikkoman, it was lee kum kee which is this chinese brand that tastes like watered down soy sauce with hints of teriyaki?  with sushi it just tastes off.We had the all you can eat but nothing was that appetizing and the fish just didn't seem fresh.  Also ordered shimp tempura which was NOT shrimp tempura, it was a skinny shrimp inside a mountain of batter and then encased in panko crumbs.I still have a voucher left for them but i'm reluctant to use it and i've never hesitated at using free money before.For the area you're better off going to Hokkaido (which has much better fish), or 808 (for tasty non-sushi japanese-hawaiian things...they have sushi too but it's also meh)
5	Great value for the price and amazing atmosphere.  I like it cause it's close to home and have never been let down.
4	Food's great!! Service is awesome! Especially, when you are a regular and they remember you. =)
5	Love love love this place. Hubby and I have been regulars for almost 3 years. The sushi is awesome, always fresh and very affordable. My favorite is Apple #1 and Lion Roll. Chenga (sushi master lol) are so entertaining and will make sushi creations for you that are not on the menu. I recommend this place to everyone.
4	I told the chef to make me what he thought was a good roll and told him what kind of fish I liked. He made me a Candy Cane roll with soft shell crab inside, yellow tale & tuna on top, topped with a garlic ponzu sauce.... OMG it was sooo good. I think the roll was about $13-14, which is a bit expensive, but it was so good, I'd order it again!
5	Another spot for me and the wife. Chenga and Woody always take care of us. Great Sushi! Refuse to go anywhere else. Good beer too! Be sure to eat at the bar, thats where its at!
5	No lie...this place deserves every star. The sushi is just great and staff makes you feel like family!
5	Third time here. Each time I bring new family or friends and they all agree that this is the best sushi they've ever had. Jjanga Chang, the sushi chef, is amazing and very friendly. If he has time, he'll come to your table, if you ask. Ordeed the "Cocaine" bowl to start...... Fantastic! Had the "fat ass", the "who's your daddy?" And the "mistake roll". We kept going. Before coming here, ordering nigiri and sashimi was daunting for me, but everything is so good that I even ordered the octopus nigiri. BEST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
5	I've lived in SW area of the valley for over 2 years but always drive to Eastern and 215 for Island Sushi.  Well no more.  Sumo Sushi 2 has the BEST sushi I have had in years.  Sushi Chef Ricky makes new creations for us to try and everything he makes is absolutely amazing!! The Johnny rolls are awesome as well as the Screaming  Orgasm!! Also their Lemonade Soju is smooth and yummy! Go there! You wont be disappointed! Plus they play K-pop...what's not to like!!
5	Great AYCE sushi place! I love the rolls and yummy appetizers! Lunch is only $20 for AYCE and dinner is only $25! Definitely worth the price and the quality is very good and comparably better to other sushi places that I've been to did not have AYCE.
5	Awesome!! The sushi was delicious and the chef/s were so energetic and friendly! And funny! Will go again :)
5	Chu- Chu is the S***t! Every time I go in it's better then the last time! I have never had anything less then fresh . It's a great price for an amazing meal!
4	Great selection of rolls, good daily/happy hour specials.  Very quick service, nice atmosphere and good staff.  My only complaint is the music is a little loud.
4	Love the food here I really won't ever go to another sushi place if I don't have to but the service could be a little better/faster but still love it here.... (Ps they could turn the music down just a bit)
2	Yuck Yuck Yuck. I went to Sumo with my best friend and her mom, and had the oddest experience. First off, the sushi was really awful. The appetizers were good, especially the garlic edamame. Now, I think the rest of our mistakes can be attributed to a large language barrier between us and our server, but we got the wrong saki, wrong drinks, just a lot of "wrong." Apparently it's under new ownership but the best part of the meal was easily the Kirin Light.
1	Crap! Gross! I cant believe that some say this sushi is "the best" or "top notch". Im not claiming to be a sushi PRO, but i love me some sushi. I really dont care about the price, if the food is good but expensive i am there. Im just saying i would not eat here again even if i were to eat for free. Hopefully that gets my point across.Want a tip. Well give Smiths sushi a try, they have changed the company that use to supply the sushi. I will pick smiths over sumo any day.For the sushi lovers:Food onlySumo sushi = 1 of 5 starsInaka sushi = 1 of 5 starsSushi mon = 3 of 5 stars808 sushi = 3 of 5 starsIsland sushi and Grill = 2 of 5I Love Sushi = 4 of 5Ratings reflect food quality (not service, price nor environment)
3	Came here for lunch with a restaurant.com coupon and wanted AYCE. It was the entire reason we went. I was told that you cannot use a coupon for AYCE. It wasn't written anywhere on the coupon. I was told that their manager does not allow it. Pretty disappointed. We decided to do AYCE anyway because it just makes more sense. Service was ok. We got a tiny ball of wasabi to start and I had to ask twice to get more. Sapporo draft tasted pretty old and the cherry blossom was disappointing. Mussels were good as well as the Johnny #2 and Pink Lady rolls. We ordered a Jay Burrito and were surprised to find that it was a handroll when it doesn't mention that on the menu. I'm not sure if we'll return. Their AYCE "rules" were pretty ridiculous. I typically don't enjoy having to read a list of rules while looking at a menu. Also, they shouldn't be selling coupons if they won't honor them for AYCE. I'm going to exchange my unused coupon to use somewhere else.
1	This is the worst sushi restaurant I have ever been in Vegas, as a local customer I would not recommend coming back to this place, three of us having AYCE, we ordered sashimi salad for our appt, fish taste like its frozen, sweet shrimp texture was mushy didn't have the tenderness like it suppose to be,most shocking moment for me was the sea urchin when the moment it's on our table I was speechless, it was blackened seems like someone dipped the whole thing in to black pen ink, and when we question regard the color of the uni he admit the color was wrong and it was not fresh and told us just don't eat it, but if you see the discoloration why would you even serve this to your customer, can server and owner be anymore careless? What makes me feel very uncomfortable is the restaurant was nearly empty but I had to ask our server to bring wasabi and ginger over three time, and not even apologized for the delay. Where are the standers of customer service? After dinning 2 of us got major diarrhea, I can tell you this's not a grade A restaurant!
4	7/19: I came here for my good friend's birthday party. It was pretty fun and the food was awesome. All of the nigiri were kind of plain and not crafted very well, though still decent. Red Rock Roll tasted good, and the presentation was unique and very bright. My favorite dishes were the Teriyaki Chicken, Salmon Collar, and I forgot what the roll was called, but it had japaleno peppers on top. I had a bunch of other stuff; forgot all the names, but they were all good. The pics of the food didn't turn out too great; I was occupied eating and having a good time :)I'd give most Las Vegas AYCE food quality ratings 3.5 to 4 stars. Overall rating really depends on the service, which more often than not is sub-par. This particular place was an exception; nothing spectacular, but above average and our waiter filled up my glass for the most part. I'd revisit if someone wants to try it out.
2	I went there with a $25 restaurant.com certificate. Good thing we checked with the server before we order, cuz apparently u can't use the certificate on all you can eat!! Makes sense for the business, but sucks for the people who thought they got a deal.Plus:-We ordered a couple of things, the dishes came out pretty fast, I think we only waited like 5 minutes before our first dish came out.-Nice waiter! Nice atmosphere! Not so plus:-Freshness of the fish is only okay, I grew up next to the ocean so I know my fish. The texture of the fish is overly soft, kinda mushy. But can't expect too much since we are in the desert.Overall, will I go back? Maybe only if I have another restaurant.com coupon.
1	Highly disappointing is an understatement. My sister and I visited Sumo Sushi 2 a couple of weeks ago after her efforts of convincing me for months of the great quality and innovative sushi. When we arrived, we were promptly seated in a table near the sushi bar and of course, we ordered AYCE for two. I have to be honest, I don't quite remember the exact rolls she and I ordered but I do distinctly remember ordering only 3 rolls and a few appetizers. (Now, let me put this into perspective: when my sister and I go to Umiya, we probably order 7 rolls, at least 23 orders of nigiri, and then a couple of appetizers and dessert so ordering 3 rolls and a handful of appetizers is NOTHING to us.)To put it shortly, I feel like the biggest downfall of this place was their usage of sodium. The rolls weren't impressive because it was drenched in sauce which some tasted too tangy or too salty. We tried some of the "special" sushi appetizers and it was soaking wet with sriracha and soy sauce. This place is a match made in heaven for those who suffer from hyponatremia. Even though we tried to stick to what fellow Yelpers recommended, they simply didn't even come across as decent. And let me tell ya, I'm not a difficult girl to please when it comes to sushi. I think that the best thing I had was the coconut shrimp and even then, it was fried a little too much and too sticky for my taste buds.  The food was mediocre but service definitely rivaled it. For some reason the waiter had this talent of impeccable timing to check on us when we didn't need anything and disappearing into thin air when we needed something. On the other hand, the people who were having a ball drinking sake bombs with the sushi chefs were checked up on very often. Hm, I wonder why.  My sister was extremely disappointed as well. She remembers visiting this place a couple of months back and having an amazing experience with service and food. The verdict is that I most definitely won't be coming back. I don't recommend this place one way or the other and hope that they make major changes soon.
5	Been here 4 times now and everytime has been great. We bring our 3 year old and he eats some rice and edamame. The waiters and waitresses are always on top of everything. The ambiance is good, sushi chefs are friendly and funny. I love trying different rolls We always enjoy our dinner here. We used to go to inaka quite often but I always felt like I was a burden on the staff.  At sumo sushi we feel welcome. Customer service is top notch.
4	Monkey come here on a tip from friend.  Nevermind the menu.  Just sit at the bar and ask for something special.  Chef will create something based on what you like.  Spicy?  Sweet?  Avocado ok?  Don't bother asking for the name of each creation.  Chef will just shrug his shoulders.  So yeah, Monkey do:SPICY SOMETHING ROLL - tempura shrimp, rice, seaweed, cooked & raw salmon, cucumber, roe and spicy sauceSWEET SOMETHING ROLL - rice, avocado, seaweed, tomatoes, roe and sauceAYCE Dinner is $25.95, while average roll comes to about $10.  So if you can do 3 or more rolls, AYCE is for you.  Monkey shall return...
3	If JJ is your only choice of waiter, turn around and leave. He's a total asshole, and can't handle more than one table. I also wasn't please when he asked my friend if she was serious when she told him how much she wanted of each item she was ordering. It's like "Fuck you, man, it's all you can eat, and she's hungry; back the hell off." Now, that said, the sushi itself was pretty good. I got the Kiss of Fire, which was sorta tasty, but nowhere near as spicy as advertised, the Mistake, which was EXCELLENT, a Philly hand-roll (which tastes the same wherever you get it, so..) and the Tuna Naruto, which is AWESOMELY light and delicious. That roll is definitely a keeper. My friend ordered the Crunch #2 (and when she asked for cream cheese on it, JJ wanted to charge her an extra dollar per roll, which isn't how any other AYCE place I've ever seen works.) and loved it. So, food four, service negative one, but I'll give higher weight to the food.
1	With all the choices Las Vegas has to offer on sushi you would think that this placeWould treat the customers better.I was here last night, the waitress got upset with me because I asked for a diet ice tea,Some places have sugar in their ice tea so I make it a point to say diet, she gave me a mean look , I wanted to leave it was so bad,She said @we don't have that here", so I said ok a diet coke please.I did the all you can eat for the $30, the fish portions were very very tiny. After about 13 minutes she brings me the bill.. WTF? I just started.. The chefs were ok but this place is cheapAnd the waitresses just do not care about the biz... The fish was smelly too .C'mon...run the business correctly, now adays with yelp and review sites we can make or break these type of places.Pick another sushi joint, there's one on every corner!!  Naked fish on Durango is killer, they are not cheap and everyone is very inviting there.
4	I actually really enjoy the sushi here!!! Had a lot if fun w my friends, my only gripe was that even tho they weren't busy the server was slow w our drinks, but the sushi came out fast at least. The chefs really get into character too it's kinda funny.
5	I find it hard to believe that the service here was bad based on other reviewers who rated this place 3 stars and below. If you're Gonna compare the the sushi at Smith's and here then you probably do not know what good sushi is. The service was exceptional! We arrived around 7pm with a party of 7 adults and 2 children,  We was seated right away. Our servers were prompt with our orders and there wasn't a bad dish that came to our table. This was by far the best ayce joints I've been to in town. Honestly I had my doubts about coming here after reading the reviews, and I'm glad I came. I knew this place was gonna be a go to spot for ayce after taking my first bite. The nori was fresh and crispy which is what you want in a sushi roll, not the soggy chewy ones that other ayce sushi joints serve you with. The fish was fresh and did not have any odors, if you can tell a fresh fish from one that was sitting in the cooler for days then you know what I'm talking about when it comes to what is fresh and what isn't. Being able to tell what's in your sushi also determines how well you know your sushi, just because it smells "fishy" doesn't always mean it isn't fresh unless you got a salmon nigiri that gave away an odor then you definitely have a problem. Which in our case the salmon nigiri was great!! Or other nigiris for that matter. The highlight of my night was how fresh everything was especially the Uni which blew my mind on how fresh and buttery, it almost tasted like they picked it straight from the ocean before serving it. I've had Uni at other places at it almost makes me gag and force my self to swallow it. I had no problems doing that here. Pros: great service and foodCons: open till 11pm
5	This is my favorite sushi spot in Vegas... And I have been to a lot!! The sushi chefs here make it an experience And always welcome me and my friends like we are some kind of celebrities. The food is delicious, the rolls are unique, the staff is usually attentive, but the chefs are phenomenal. My favorite menu items are the tuna karai, something wrong 69, screaming orgasm, lion roll, mistake roll and the choo choo special. Friday nights are the best, because they always do sake bombs for the bar!! Love this place!!
5	Amazing restaurant with amazing service!  Jjango is one of the chefs and he is incredible!  We used to frequent Oyshi but due to their poor service we tried out Sumo Sushi 2 on two friends referral and it was the best switch we ever made!
5	I am a regular at Sumo 2( usually at least twice a week). I have been eating there for 5  years. In all the time I have been going there, I can honestly say the food it always great, and the service and friendliness of the staff is the best in town. Jjanga, ChuChu, and Ku always take great care of me with my sushi, and JJ and Derek always have the best service. I have never seen my glass empty in all the years i have been there. For anyone to say the service there is a negative 1, that just blows my mind. I have eaten at many sushi bars in town, but I have found this to be the best by far. Most of the time I go there I don't even order they just give me one good dish after the other.
1	I never write reviews on anything but had to share my opinion on this place.  The food was so bad.  The fish was not fresh at all.  I felt like I had overpaid for the little food we ordered.  The only good thing was we were not charged for all the uneaten sushi on the AYCE.  I would not go back even if it was free.
2	I don't come here anymore because they are never the same ..when you eat here is hit or miss..that's pretty bad for an establishment and I used to brag about this place to everyone..
4	The staff is very attentive to the needs of the customers every time I come here I find myself more impressed. The food is good for both sushi and non sushi lovers. Personally I am a sushi novice and I leave full.
1	Their food tasted average.. but their customer management is terrible. My boyfriend and I started getting stomach cramps in the middle of the meal. I thought it might go away. It did for me, but my boyfriend got severe food poisoning (this was the only thing we had that day). I work in the restaurant business so I know you're supposed to offer at least credit on their account. But the "manager", which I doubt is the actual manager, gave me so much attitude and wouldn't say anything nice. He said, bring the hospital bill and we'll look at it. Who goes to the hospital for food poisoning without insurance? He said its not their problem since we can't prove that the food poisoning was from their place. "What do you want me to do??" Is what he said. How rude!Its not like I wanted another meal there, as now I'm scared to dine there, but I at least wanted some consolation. A simple "were sorry" would have done fine.
5	Best food and AYCE sushi place I have been too!  Amazing service. Fast and prompt service!  Fun atmosphere too! I will be back!
4	The sushi rolls are well balanced...compared to other sushi restaurants who add more rice to make it look bigger. The food tasted great and the ingredients complemented each other. The ambiance is relaxing and comfortable. Great service.
5	I gave it 5 star because despite me and my gf are both petite skinny Asians we can eat like there's no tomorrow. We ordered a lot of rolls mostly nigiri. I'm very satisfied. It tasted good and drinks kept coming. It's a good alternative to goyemon that's always crowded so my sushi eating experience felt delightful. Thanks sumo. Also About the music they play. They need to calm down with the Asian pop. The perfect music while eating sushi is zen tranquil nature sounds. Especially there's a beautiful fish tank to captivate your sight
5	Whoever said their service sucks, is on one. Service was on point, and Eric was awesome. Great sushi as well!
1	I have been going to Sumo Sushi for the past 3-4 years now (i think) and unfortunately the sushi chefs who were there before are no longer there. What replaced them were a bunch of amateur "chefs" who don't know how to make sushi. Before the sushi was great, never had a problem but this time the pieces of fish were EXTREMELY small and the rice would always fall apart. It all depended on who made the nigiri, one person might put too much rice, one might put too little, etc and the rice would always fall apart.If you miss ChuChu and the other chefs from before, they are opening their own place on Decatur and Twain called Jjanga. Currently called Shobu Sake House.
2	This place can be summed up in one word - awful. In a search to find a good sushi spot in Las Vegas, I came upon Sumo.  Walking in, I took a look at the menu and decided to give it a shot. Looking at the AYCE menu, I decided to go with a la carte. Thank god I did.Ordering a few simple rolls, they came out promptly but were warm and soggy - the opposite of fresh. All rolls were chewy (should have ordered soy paper for the extra charge) and the Philly roll had enough cream cheese to choke a horse. Add to this the fact that the waters came out in dirty glasses with no ice and that gives a full snapshot of the meal. Once I stomach down a few pieces, I looked down to find my napkin and unfortunately saw the sides of the "white" table cloth. These resembled a scene out of CSI.Immediately asking for the check, we walked out with no intent on returning and very thankful we steered clear of the AYCE option. The only reason this review has 2 stars is because the staff is very friendly, constantly smiling and always prompt when refilling our tap water.
3	The old crew left to go somewhere else. The new crew is very friendly. I didnt realize that the hours had changed under the new crew so they had to kind of hurry us up around 1030pm. The sushi was alright, id say it was slightly better before.If anyone has info of where the old crew headed off to, please let me know. Thanks!
5	Went there for pre Valentines dinner. My new favorite sushi bar on my side of town.Eric is the best sushi chef in Las Vegas. And all the servers are super nice. Of couse sushi is so fresh and food from kitchen are top notch. Best of all, soon they will open until 4AM. I'm so glad good business is growing.
5	The best AYCE sushi place we have ever been to. Definitely worth the $25 a person for dinner. We sat at the sushi bar. The chefs were friendly & welcoming. The food was delicious.  Try the fried strawberry cheesecake ice cream for dessert, it was incredible! We will definitely be back again!
4	The sushi chefs are friendly and the staff is very attentive.  The tuna karai is fantastic!
5	This is our local sushi bar and we  have never had a reason to venture further. This place offers cheap weekday drinks, good food, and fun staff. They can get busy on weekend nights so get there early for a table if you don't want to wait.
2	Meh food was ok. It is new management now. Whole new staff..... no more chu chu..new menu with different rolls.. not as fun as before. Try kanji down on apache
5	We ate here often before they changed management, and while they were excellent before... I have to admit the new Sumo Sushi II manages to surprise and satisfy me even more.The new dishes they have are out of this world. I'm not quite a sushi pro, but I've had at least 10 places in Vegas alone. What they create here don't taste like tasty carbon copies; each roll had a distinct flavor, some even surprising twists on old favorites (the delicious black pepper kick to their volcano roll for instance). As others have said, you must try the karai. In fact, everything that has one serving for AYCE is worth the order. We even had a special salmon roll, freshly torched in front of us. The gimmick was fun, but the taste incredible. On top of the taste, the staff was very attentive and in good spirits.I've had sushi as good, but for $25 AYCE dinner, the quality to price ratio makes this a steal. Definitely give them a shot!
5	Both food and service are improved under new management! So far the best AYCE in southwest area.
5	This place is straight bomb diggity!! Came by myself and was treated like royalty from the moment I walked in. All the staff is super friendly and the food oozes with flavor. I got the AYCE for $25 and asked what it includes and they told me anything on the menu! Which I was taken back by because usually AYCE has certain items that aren't included. So this was sick! I started off with the Yellowtail and Tuna nigiri and a Screaming O salad which was sooooo good! Then I got the Joes Special and the Baked Lobster Roll. The Joes special was out of this world, but I wasn't a huge fan of the baked Lobster. Just too heavy for my liking. I was already sooo full after this and then the chef made me one of his specialty appetizers. It was soooo fricken good I just wish I wasn't already so full when he gave it to me so I could eat more! All in all though, this place was top notch and I definitely will be coming back! Good news, they're open till 4am also! Drunk Munchies!!!!
1	Worst sushi experience in Vegas. Amazed they're still open. Over priced tiny portions. Huge disappointment.
4	So we tried eating here again..when we pulled up it said under new management do we decided to forgive the past and try it.ill tell you guys this the food was average but the service was phenomenal! Everything came out pretty fast and my drink was always filled up.
1	Ever since new management it has tanked sorry just not the same :( quality isn't that good anymore  . Everybody is too serious . Isn't a fun experience anymore .
1	I have been going here for years. It used to be our favorite sushi spot in town however new management just took over last month and we went to try the food and did not like the new style at all. They have completely changed the ways the rolls are made even though they are still the same on the menu. The new staff informed me that I can no longer use our stamp card for ayce which I had already accumulated 8 stamps on this year alone. They also do not engage with the customers as much and refuse to make anything out of the ordinary. When we used to go we had our favorite chefs who took care of us every time. Those chefs all moved and opened their own sushi spot which I tried last week for the first time. It was amazing! I will make the further drive to eat at the new place. It's too bad Sumo 2 had to up and change everything. We have spent tons of money there and referred it to everyone we knew.
5	I'm really digging this place. I wasn't sure if I was gonna like it. I'd been here before (previous owners years ago), and I wasn't terribly impressed by the service. Tonight I was blown away. For starters, the servers and sushi chefs are really cool and energetic (I'm not a fan of sushi dudes who act like angry Portland baristas). Also, the service is so good, it's almost obnoxious. Three people stopped to (enthusiastically) take our drink order. Plus, the empty plates were taken almost immediately. Now the food. It's fantastic. Mike ordered the Crazy Boy (which should be called crazy white boy, because it's obviously for gringos) it's a charming twist on a California Roll. I was most impressed by the Snow White roll, various forms of spicy crab with white tuna on top. Kiss of Fire roll was good too, but it's not caliente enough for me. It should be called Gentle Kiss of Fire.
5	Love this place.  Went there for a birthday celebration. Our server Tay was friendly, energetic and on top of it.  Everything that we ordered was greatly presented and delicious.  Very happy with the whole dining experience.  We'll definitely be back.
3	Headed over to Lee's for beers, thought getting some healthy sushi. We ordered 3 sashimi and 2 sides for $40. The portions are TINY! Very very small. I understand that the product is good quality, but man. I'm a dollar a roll kind of girl, not $8 for 2 pieces!!!!
2	Place was pretty good. Not the best sushi I've ever had bit also not the worst
3	Well, to start off, I live right next to them and I thought about trying this place out. Me and my boyfriend had all you can eat. Everything was amazing. My boyfriend ordered a roll with mushrooms, which I am allergic too so I told the waitress I couldn't eat it. She told me I'm still gonna get charged for the roll on top of all you can eat prices. And she said "you can just pick the mushrooms out." I was really upset about this and asked her about getting a different roll and she said "it doesn't matter if you get a different role. You have to pay for this one if you don't eat it." Overall I gave them a few stars because it wasn't a bad place. Just poor service.
3	Let's start off with service. There is service then there is being pestered .....If you don't want a server up your ass every 5 seconds asking if everything is alright then this is not the place for you.... you can be mid bite and they're asking you if it's alright .....The food is quality very good and fast ... can't say much more I live down the street I never come back
5	This was one of my best sushi experiences. The staff was extremely friendly and funny!!! Te was awesome. He recommended "Something Wrong" and it was delicious. The atmosphere even at 5pm was amazing.I will definitely be going back soon!!
5	My favorite spot for late night especially if I want to stay local. Great food great customer service!!!:D
5	This is our go to sushi place! It's the only place we've tried since moving to Vegas. The service, quality and taste/freshness of the food is what keeps us coming back! Love the atmosphere, the friendly staff, and delicious rolls! Kid friendly, my 21 month old loves their Chicken Teriyaki! Love that the booths are secluded so we even get privacy while dining. Food comes fast and beautifully plated.
5	I went here around midnight with my boyfriend and it was SO GOOD. This is def our new spot. I like that they have pink ginger (they aren't cheapos)The service is wonderfulMussels are a must!
5	Super noms! Try the baked salmon roll. Friendly fun atmosphere. Everything was really really tasty.
4	"Under new management" usually is code for "flailing widely please come back!"However after being talked into it by my girlfriend they won back a customer.The service was perfect; from the friendly wait staff that checked in often to the upbeat sushi chef.I wouldn't rank this as top tier sushi but it was the 25$ AYCE Dinner that is great. I can't say much about their roll since I'm a nigiri guy but they looked goodI'll be back
3	This spot is under new management, as everyone else is stating. The spot in my opinion is hit and miss, it seems as though they have their good days and their bad days, regardless that is unacceptable with any restaurant. With sushi, there is no off day, have an off day and people notice very quickly. I remember their rolls tasting better, AYCE is probably the best deal. I'm really only there for the Nigiri. I've had good experience and bad staff wise, something that needs to be address, don't enjoy your job don't come to work, or bring drama with you. I've been a server, and am currently a Bartender, I leave my shit at home, I'm here to make money, not mope around.
5	Very tasty, incredibly friendly, great value for the prices, open until 4 and right next my house. I seriously could not be any happier. I'm in love with this place.
5	You gotta try the naruto really good and everyone is super cool and for parents they have a big fish tank so the little ones can be distracted and watch the fish.
4	Are here last night for AYCE with the wife and some friends.  I've been searching for a decent spot around me and most of them have failed or not met my standards. Sumo was definitely not one of those! We were seated immediately and the environment was very nice and private. There was some fun music videos playing on the screens that kept us entertained through our meals. They have a very large menu that did not disappoint. If you want an amazing tempura roll, go for the touch down. That roll was amazing and I'll be going back for it again. All of the rolls were great and prepared quickly for us. My friend ordered a bowl of ramen and said it was horrible, but I didn't have any plans on getting ramen at a sushi joint anyways.  I highly recommend this place and if you have room for dessert, get the tempura strawberry cheesecake ice cream to finish off your meal.
5	The customer service here is TOP NOTCH! There are a lot of good sushi restaurants here in Vegas, but a lot do not have great customer service. That is not the case at this restaurant. They were extremely accommodating and always ready to take our order, even with a  group of 10+. Their AYCE price is the average for Las Vegas, and totally worth it because it also includes the entrees! Not only that, the sushi rolls and sashimi are absolutely delicious. Fresh fish, good rice, and the side orders are also yummy!
5	-best sushi in Vegas (other than sumo sushi in Henderson)-new management has WONDERFUL wait staff....truly want to make you happy-all you can eat has wide variety of menu items-food was prompt-kids under 3 ft tall eat free (like a roller coaster ride) -large fish tank good for kids and adults-waiters were literally waiting about ten ft behind the table ready to accommodate our every request Sushi is amazing here and ruined all other sushi for me forever.  Ponzu sauce is a whole different level.  Joe special, something wrong 69, spicy salmon were favorites.
4	I have been to sumo the second around 5 times. Being a larger fellow, I always get the ayce . This place is what a guy wants in a Vegas sushi joint. Big extravagant rolls that come out as fast as Schumacher drives his car. The Vegas lasagna is one for the ages. Sometimes they will forget an item or two , but who cares. Just order it again. I would imagine this only happens with ayce. You will have about 4 people waiting on you and bringing you food. Also the creepy Japanese music videos play on the projection screen , I enjoy that .
5	Honestly I have been to a few sushi places since I have been to vegas and this one is the best!  first of all,  THEY ARE OPEN UNTIL 3AM!!  great late night food!  The staff is friendly courteous and on top of their game,  being in the service industry for about 15 years myself,  I know when a server doesn't care and that is not the case here.  She took the time to joke with us about our sexy roll even though it was 2am.  Also other menu items such as their U DON noodles are exquisite.  The sushi is delectable and the best Ive had yet in the area especially for the price.  They also offer an all you can eat option,  which is absolutely worth it if you normally eat a few rolls. The Sushi Chefs are friendly and greet you as you walk through the door.  I will be returning often!  The sign says under new management,  which must be a great change,  but I have no basis for comparison as I has not been there when the old management was there,  but from what friends tell me, you didn't want to go there before.  but trust me as a person who has eaten at a lot of sushi places all over the country and Mexico too.  This place is worth a shot,  even if you went before under the old management,  try it again,  you will be pleasantly surprised.
1	Been here many of times...but today was unacceptable!!! My biggest peeve is getting sat and getting unnoticed for ten minutes. We decided to leave and go somewhere else for sushi. SS2, make sure your staff pays attention and communicates to fellow team-members about their station getting sat. So  that you dont have paying guests up and leave. Best of luck
2	The service was good but the food was sub par, would not eat here again, if you want a more authentic sushi experience I would look somewhere else.
5	Always great! The service, quality, freshness and selection for AYCE is the best in town! I am a fan of the Snow White and Sexy rolls.
4	Great sushi! Love the all you can eat buffet. All of the rolls were fantastic! The only thing bad was the taps for the Sapporo were not working that night.
5	Great place.  Always fresh and always great service.  A lot of sushi places you get ignored or slow service, but not here.  If anything, they might check on you TOO much, if that's even possible.  Super friendly, lots of choices and every kind of roll, great AYCE.  Seriously can't go wrong with this place, it's always great.
4	Sumo Sushi 2 was once one of my favorite sushi spot. I prefer them over 808 Sushi right around the corner. It is a solid sushi spot. I haven't been back for a while just because there was always another sushi spot that I just I had to try. We was kind of getting tired of sushi spots in our current rotation so since we haven't done Sumo in a while we found ourselves wanting it. So whats new? One there's new management, at least thats what the huge sign outside said. I've also heard some of their sushi chefs have moved on to other things. Now they were showing KPop!? music videos on a screen at max volume which took away from the nice chill dining experience I use to have here. Actually I'm fine with watching KPop music videos. Got kind of use to it once the food came. The food was also different maybe better at some things, still overall good.I took a lot of pictures and ate a lot.Salmon Kama http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=5gQymPRJ_OHAYfCkKe1aIg#oFq2FNb4K5Nt8d_kmUmfpg I've been kind of addicted to kama lately and been loading up on it when I eat AYCE sushi. Here's a pic from another visit http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=5gQymPRJ_OHAYfCkKe1aIg#5gQymPRJ_OHAYfCkKe1aIg It wasn't the best I've had but for AYCE kama good. It wasn't burnt or dry. It was moist, a little oily, but seasoned and cooked right to my liking.Seared tuna sashimi with AJ sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=zBPEH8qHCtNFmMTsmJ5fQQ#0M9w-iCtyw3iehNTrw9Gew Not a great picture but this is one of the items you can only order 1 of, I liked it a lot. It's only a few pieces of tuna sashimi but the AJ sauce is tasty and can be used as a dipping sauce to other things.Nigiris http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=zBPEH8qHCtNFmMTsmJ5fQQ#zBPEH8qHCtNFmMTsmJ5fQQ No complaints, all were good quality and made right. I pretty much have had them all and enjoyed them all, the garlic tuna, sweet shrimp, hamachi, yuzu hamachi, uni, salmon, etc. Just go down the list when ordering. I don't think they had tamago which I believe I tried ordering and don't remember if I had it. Everything was sushi grade.Rolls http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=kx9Vu5iwq3RKSceA4B7HIg#kx9Vu5iwq3RKSceA4B7HIg Their rolls are excellent. Everything I ordered seemed fresh, didn't fall apart when I picked them up. They have rolls without rice and ones with lots of fish inside and out.There's also who's your ex-wife, screaming o, oysters, agedashi tofu, mix karai, tonkotsu ramen. Again enjoyed them all. They usually have special item that are included on the AYCE menu or not, just ask.Desserts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sumo-sushi-2-las-vegas?select=u-0Qua2JPatyR4RFuYeF8A#u-0Qua2JPatyR4RFuYeF8A Always make room for it I liked the green tea and red bean ice cream, tempera fried ice cream, and mochi ice cream.Still have their nice aquarium with fish swimming and still nicely decorated interior with booth, tables, or bar dinning. Open til 4 AM always a good thing.Still one of my favorite AYCE sushi spots.
5	Went here first time because of yelp reviews. My new favorite spot... found out it now owned by my other favorite sushi but this one is closer to home.  From food to service everything is top notch!!!
4	Only can attest for the AYCE lunch deals. Great selection and service, and would say it's definitely worth it. Would recommend giving this a try to anyone!
5	We have tried other sushi places and we love this one. Before and after the new management. I love the special rolls and appetizers. So good! Plus they have all you can eat.
5	Went here on a Saturday afternoon probably around 12:45ish. We were greeted immediately and seated. We were the only couple in there for about 15 minutes which is weird because it's Saturday. We did the ayce which is 20.00 from hours 11am-pm. So for two people the total was about 43.00 bucks, but it sure is worth every penny. Everything was made perfect. The chefs we exceptionally nice. The food was amazing. We ordered the sunset roll, salmon roll, fried rice, house salad, egg rolls , coconut shrimp, hungry roll, and the mochi strawberry dessert!!!The best sushi in southwest Vegas. I will definitely be coming back to the ayce!!!!
5	Same owner as UMIYA SUSHI!!! Excellent food, excellent service!!! Fresh dead fish, tasty appetizers, friendly staff. Will definitely be coming back all the time when I crave sushi!!!
1	Good service, nice folks, but the sushi smelled fishy and upset my stomach, the rice didn't stick together well or have a good taste.  I won't be eating there again, been a year since I had sushi and was very disappointed
5	I have never had a bad experience here.  I live in the area and there are numerous sushi options -- this place is by far my favorite!  The AYCE menu is extensive.  The service is legit top notch every time I go which is a huge factor for me, especially when doing AYCE sushi where you and your group are constantly ordering.  They have amazing cucumber rolls and their baked rolls are my fave.  They even have a punch card rewards program.  This will always be my go to sushi spot in the area!
2	I am sorry to those who I have become friends within the restaurant after years of my partner and I visiting weekly, but it seems this AYCE has made too many changes, lacks on service and food quality severely inconsistent. We were open minded when the new owners took over earlier in the year and do miss Choo Choo. He was always the reason for our visits as his personality was pure entertainment. They cleared the place of the old help and brought in a new crew that I warmed up to. The new menu was an improvement, but the service became a circus. You would have a person take a drink order and then every 30 seconds like a comedy show another person would come by and ask the same thing. Guess they do not understand sections? This did slowly go away, but now many of the servers, particularly female are pushy, rude, do not listen, and anticipate what you want rather than listening to you and getting it right the fist time. The food is never truly bad, but inconsistent. I can deal with the rice game, but don't serve me junk. Different days bring different people and thus different quality, different recipes, contrary to the menu and if they are busy, even with a ton of staff, hang it up as it will be a waste of your time.Sorry again, but one good thing about Las Vegas is the ton of other sushi restaurants. Have to find a new AYCE that can get consistency and service right.
5	Love this place. I've been here three times now. Each time better than the last. Great selection and suggestions by everyone. Everyone is extremely polite. I love it there.
1	Will never return and if you care about service you won't even try this place. We were led to three different tables before we were actually seated because the host could not understand 6 plus a high chair. He kept taking us to different tables and removing the sixth chair. Then when we were finally seated they didn't give us an a la carte menu only an ayce one when asked about the a la carte menu the referred us to the menu taped under the tabletop so basically 6 of us had to share one menu and when we asked for another yet would only give us 1. Our food then took forever to come out and when it did it didn't come out all together and most of the food was already cold. The taste an quality of the food was pretty terrible.It also took a good twenty minutes and multiple request before we could get the check. The server told us she have us our drinks for free which was hilarious since most of us ordered water and then they were trying to charge us a 20% service fee for basically the worst service I've ever experienced. When I complained she said there was no way to remove it but when I asked to speak with the manager she magically returned with a bill minus the service charge. They also blast k pop music so loud that even my 2 year old niece complained it was too loud.
5	Seriously delicious sushi!! Price isn't bad either about $10 (some are $8, some are $12) for large 8 piece cut roll. Service was great. There's also an awesome projector system that was playing really cool JPop songs. This is going to be my new go to sushi spot. Get the Yum Yum Crab roll if you like baked rolls, you'll know why they call it Yum Yum. The Sunrise Roll was great for fresh rolls...just the perfect amount of spicy!!
4	I my first visit back here since new management took over... was nervous,  lol... but ended up pleasantly surprised.  I ordered take out but the staff that helped me was very friendly and helpful.  And all the food I ordered was excellent.  Some things are better, some seem the same and other are worse... but that's to be expected I think.  The menu appeared to be the same... but now it's got pictures of the rolls which I thought was helpful!   The tuna kurai... was different... more like a salad... but still had a ton of tuna and they topped it with crunchy wonton pieces.  I actually liked it better, which is saying something because it was always a favorite.  The spicy garlic edamame however seemed worse... still coated in sauce but no where near as tasty.  Everything else I ordered seemed about the same... which was good. I guess if quality is going to drop somewhere.... The edamame is not too bad in my book.
2	The sushi is overpriced with small portions and they are very strict about their "all you can eat" menu. They will charge you extra if you leave any food at all on your plate, even salad.The sushi is average, and the service is bad. There are so many better choices for sushi in Las Vegas than Sumo Sushi II. I will not be returning.
5	All of their sushi is very good. Not too much rice on the nigiri which is great. Also their lunch menu has some very tasty options other than sushi.
2	False Advertisement: hours of operation are false. My boyfriend & I went in one night around 1 am  we got the AYCE & within half an hour they said last call!!! Wth your bright lights outside said til 4 am! The food was 'alright & as we were finishing up the waitress asked for the tip! Really!? Who does that!!?
3	My girl and I were craving sushi, and was too tired to drive to our usual spot. So I decided to give this place a shot. The service was awesome, very friendly and attentive. The quality of food was to our satisfaction, but the here comes the deal breaker. With their AYCE sushi, they don't do half rolls. We like to try a little bit of everything. So unfortunately we won't be back here unless they convert to half rolls.
5	Great service, always fresh food, and the price is worth the value! A few times a month is not enough... wish they stayed open later though.
1	shitty food with sitty service. they served miso soup with a tag attached spoon, which means they never cleaned it. I will never go back there!!! I also tried a tempura icecream and... the tempura icecream came with vanilla soup...haha...  I never recommend this place to my frineds either... !!
5	Love it here. Fourth time here and it gets better every time! Eric is awesome and provides excellent entertainment. Great Sapporo! The chefs are very welcoming!
3	At Lee's liquor and decided to call in a order.   $25 for two rainbow rolls, wtf!! Waited at least 20 minutes for my food to go and the place was empty!!! The roll was less then desirable and I didn't even finish it!!! Grrrrrr... Get it together sumo!!
1	YUCK!!!!! Went there for the first time tonight and it was horrible!!! The sushi was not fresh..the Japanese lasagna tasted like charcoal.. and the food came out way fast which is probably a bad sign when ur dealing with sushi.. me and 2 friends did all you can eat and we could not even bare to choke the food down so we had to sneak n put the rest in a dirty diaper sack!!! My stomach hurts sooo bad I wont be surprised if i get food poisoning!!!!
5	My two teenage sons and I have a weekly ritual where we go enjoy the All-You-Can-East sushi deal at Sumo Sushi 2. The service is always swift, courteous, and smiling. If you get there before 3PM, you get the lunch price of just $20. What a bargain! We have each developed our favorites which we typically order but each of us has tried pretty much everything on the menu. This is great sushi for a great price. The atmosphere is excellent as well. We especially enjoy the booth tables which give a certain amount of privacy for conversations. We also like to sit where we can view the large aquarium. They have a frequent customer card which will allow you to save even more money, fill up a card with 10 meals, get the 11th free. I don't know what else to say other than that we are raging fans of Sumo Sushi 2.
4	I would have to say that this is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in town for several reasons: The food is consistently good, the service is always impeccable, and the AYCE menu offers a vast array of appetizers, salads, rolls, nigiri, and dessert. I had a couple of girlfriends in from out of town and they claimed the sushi was very fresh. Most of the specialty rolls are delicious. My favorites are the the riceless rolls, though the rules of AYCE only allows each person to order 1 of each. I only gave four stars because of the numerous rules the restaurant has on the AYCE and how strict they are. I believe between the four of us, we had ordered 12 rolls, miso soups, gyoza, rib eye, a bowl of ramen, and fried rice. We stuffed ourselves to a miserable capacity and had to leave 2 pieces of sushi. We were charged for the entire cost of the roll in addition to the four AYCE. Order what you can fit in your stomach, though, and you are set. Oh, and they play all-girl group Japanese pop music videos that are so mesmerizing that my friends and I barely spoke to one another. When we did, it was to comment on the videos. Great place.
5	Amazing service and presentable/delicious food. Definite recommendation for all sushi connoisseurs.
4	I first heard about this spot from a buddy who said that Jjanga honed his skills here before breaking into his own restaurant. So, I was intrigued how similar the food was going to be. After eating here, I would say that even though I think Jjanga has the edge, this is a splendid sushi restaurant!This place is located on the deep southwest side of town. I was surprised by how far, but I guess it's good that they are located near a lot of suburbs. I also noticed on a sign outside that they were under new management, so some of the food might have changed since Jjanga had worked there.After walking in, I noticed everything was dark, but in a cool, modern way. The sushi bar is huge, and can hold a lot of people. One thing that kinda weirded me out is that it seems like the chefs are hovering above you as you eat due to the highness of the sushi bar center.I ordered a lot of items, and while I thought they were pretty good, nothing was bad. The fish quality they were using was very good. I really didn't like the rice too much, it was a little too sour for my taste.As far as apps go, the chicken katsu, octopus skewer, fresh oysters, and I thought the fried calamari were really good. I didn't care for the pork belly, ribeye steak, and grilled octopus. And I thought the udon was ok.This is definitely a solid place, I would put it in the same league as a Sushi Mon. I would definitely recommend this spot to those living in the southwest who don't want to drive all the way down to Spring Mountain for some good sushi. This place is also a lot better than the original restaurant in Green valley. A quality place all around.
3	Came in about 2:45PM today.  We had some good rolls, the Banana Roll was pretty good but best served as a dessert.  Taste of Fire I loved.  The other rolls were ok, like the Hawaiian roll which fell a little flat; as in bland.  We had the AYCE which was a good price, but the "Fresh" oysters were certainly not fresh, in fact pretty much on the verge of un-edible: very fishy.   The Red Snapper was the same way.  I would come back here if I had to, but it wouldn't be my first choice because of the quality of fish.  Service was fantastic though, chef's were very nice and the server was extremely attentive; great job guys!
1	Came  hear and left. I was taking my 6 year old to dinner. I initially asked waiter how much for a six year old? They said same price as adult. I don't think so. My 6 year old is not going to eat same as me. Didn't get to try them :(
1	Awful service I would give them 0 starts if I could. Asked for no vegetables with our chicken said would be a extra $1 to not give us the food it came with the Ginger and wasabi hard as a rock and rude!
1	Small portions lol not recommended for pregnant women ! The worlds smallest avocado rolls with big prices everything g was small portions
4	The fish is always fresh and top quality. My son and I always goes to Sumo Sushi II every time I have a craving for sushi. We used to go to 808 sushi but the quality of the fish is not what it used to be.
4	Good sushi! This isn't the best sushi place I've been to but it's definitely not at all bad. It's quite good actually. Try the scallops. Real tasty.
5	This place was really nice and our service was excellent. Our waiter was named Alex and he was very nice and friendly. I would ask for him when you go to this location. The food was excellent as well.
2	"Under New Management" apparently this means "Do it with less staff". Want your check? I wish you luck!  The wait staff is actually running to try to tend to customers.
