5	I was at my wits end trying to harness the energy of my Vizsla puppy Finnegan.  He was literally bouncing off the walls and various pieces of furniture in my house.  I was seriously in need of my own personal dog whisperer.  A client who owns two Bull Mastiffs highly recommended Team Canine to me, and after a one-on-one training session at my house, I will happily recommend them to all of you in Yelpdom.  Their training techniques are based on positive reinforcement and a true understanding of dog psychology.  They have group classes in addition to the personal training.  I am definitely going to enroll in the group obedience class.
1	We were quite excited to find a facility that offered 'puppy socialization' but the excitement quickly turned to disappointment last week when we brought our 16-week old to a session (BTW, our pup is only about 22 pounds, hardly a "bruiser").  The idea is to allow the puppies to play and interact with each other; however, before the class began, the owner took our dog, along with another puppy (about the same size dog) and, without explanation, kept both puppies on leashes, severely limiting their ability to play with the other dogs.  Note - neither our dog or the other showed any sign of being aggressive or too 'physical' - they were both showing normal if not subdued behavior for puppies.  What was most distressing was that, while he was limiting their ability to play, he actually dragged our dog (flipping him over a time or two against my puppy's will) while he was looking elsewhere at other dogs.  He kept the two dogs on leashes for the entire session so they barely had a chance to play without any explanation why.  What was particularly galling is, halfway through the session, he gave our dog back to us to keep with us (doing the same with the other puppy) while he and his staff sat on the floor in the middle of the room with all the other puppies and played/interacted with them.  We were made to feel like our dog was abnormal or a problem - it was quite insulting.  The advice I would give is, if your dog is over 10 pounds, don't bother....they doted on the very small dogs.
5	I have taken two of my babies to Team Canine!  Both have achieved Canine Good Citizen standing.  I love these guys!!! The classes are fun, supportive and informative. I don't know how I would have survived the early years with my buggers without these weekly sessions. I HIGHLY recommend Team Canine, Inc and their positive approach to training. MANY THANKS TO TEAM CANINE!!!
5	Our 6 month old bullmastiff puppy needed some obedience training. As part of my research on the breed, I had read several places that this type of breed needs to be trained at a young age due to their size. I looked to Yelp to find some trainers and found Team Canine.I called and spoke with one of the owner's Brad because I wasn't sure if private or group training was needed. I expressed my concerns on what we wanted to work on with our puppy, and he suggested the group training Basic Manners class. The classes were very informative and they were always very good with answering questions to specific situations. They also gave extra help or attention when needed. I would highly recommend Team Canine.
5	Pros: Brad is amazing! His training methods are different than anything we are used to; but they work. I really like that his training principles are not based on dominant/alpha theories. Instead, the dog and I are partners; we work together. They are very professional and organized. Our previous dog died and we did not want to take our new dog to our previous trainer (not Team Canine). I found the previous trainer (not Team Canine) to be cruel and domineering. I am so glad we found this place.  Cons: Few parking spaces, but plenty of street parking
5	Team Canine really made a difference for us. We brought our timid and fearful Rhodesian Ridgeback here for puppy socialization and she went from a wallflower to completely confident with other pups. The first session we didn't push it since we didn't want to overwhelm or frighten her but every week her confidence increased exponentially. We also completed a puppy class here and our girl learned how to be a well mannered dog and is now competing in agility. I believe Team Canine gave her a great foundation and she is so easy to work with now.
5	They are great! every bit of advice makes total sense, and if you just take time to practice their simple techniques you and your dogs lives will be much easier and more fulfilling. I have seen a huge shift in my dog's behavior since taking her to their basic manners class. It is well worth the money!!!
5	Years ago I had a Jack Russel who was very 'alph'.  Brad worked with us and my Jack Russel became a happy, obedient dog.  Brad was never harsh or mean, and our dog responded beautifully.  I had vets comment on what a well behave Jack Russel he was!  I now have a wonder chihuahua, who is sweet but stubborn.  Brad and Jade are great my puppy is already responding.  I love this group and the philosophy.  It is more price they 'puppy mill' trainers, but sooo very worth it.
5	It was my first time raising a puppy on my own, and after about a year of trying to train Skully myself, I decided I needed some help. I contacted Team Canine and got in touch with Jade. The difference in Skully's manners since we began our training sessions is tremendous, as well as the difference in my ability to properly handle her. Jade has taught me how to further understand what my dogs' body language is really saying, and how to respond to various behaviors. I like Team Canine because they teach you how to work with your dog in a non-combative, respectful manner, while still adhering to the pack mentality that is inherent in all dogs. I definitely recommend Team Canine if you really want to get to know your dog and learn how to work with them in a positive way. :)
