5	Safelite ROCKS!!!  I had a long crack in my Mazda MX-5 2008 windshield. I called them on Thursday and set up for Saturday to come to my home to replace my windshield. They came when they said they would and took about an hour. The tech was very knowledgeable and knew his stuff. He did a better then factory job and the glass is better then the OEM that it came with. I will never use any other glass company-ever! I am not sure what office they came out of, I bet from the Peoria one but who cares-they did outstanding work! I love my car and take care of it and expect perfect work when it comes to it and Safelite is a perfect choice, hands down! By the way- why would anyone use a window company that gives away free stuff just to get you to use them? I bet its because they suck bottom line and thats the only way they can get your business! Stay away from those!
5	FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE AT SAFELITEWow. I mean, who knew getting my windshield replaced could be a great experience?! The service was fast, and the price was fair, the job was well done, I have a warranty for life - but beyond that, everyone I came into contact with at Safelite was totally cool, nice, and helpful. I initially called them, as a referral from Geico - they gave me a quote, I said I was going to shop around. They called my the next day asking what I found and offered me a better price. I took it, and the day of, I was running late; I called them and they said that was fine, moved my appt up an hour. BEST PART: The technician was so nice, explained everything to me, was in a GREAT MOOD. EVEN BETTER: they were faster than they said they would be, and he did an excellent job. BEST PART # 2: they were doing a canned food drive, and I received an extra $10 off for bringing in 5 cans of food. Who expected my auto glass shop to be participating in community giving?! I didnt, but I sure thought it was cool that they do! The technician was super into it, too, which I thought was AWESOME. EXCELLENT EXEMPLARY BUSINESS GOING ON HERE. Love and highly recommend Safelite Auto Glass.
5	Great service
5	Superb customer service from start to finish. I got a crack in my windshield that literally grew by the day and then by the hour. I called Safelite late on a Wednesday night after a Toyota-recommended auto glass contractor didn't return my phone call to give me an estimate. Within 10 minutes, I had a mobile appointment set up for Monday between Noon and 5pm because I didn't want to physcially drive to the shop on Saturday to wait in line. Monday, the professional, polie technician (Donte S.) called me to let me know he would be at my work parking lot at 2pm. Sure enough, he arrived at 2pm and took about 75 minutes to replace my windshield and clean up while I sat at my cubicle. At 3:15, he called me and I met him outside to inspect my car. Not only had he replaced the glass, he cleaned all my windows and my dashboard. My windshield had to set for 1 hour before I could drive it and had to cure for abotu 48 hours before I could wash it, which wasn't even necessary. The only down-side is that the glass is only very similar to my original windshield and not exactly the same. The 3rd visor and blue/green suns strip is there, but there aren't as many black dots that make up the 3rd visor and there aren't nearly as many black dots on the 4 sides of my windshield compared to the original. If you're a real stickler you may want to go with Toyota manufactured glass, but Safelite is a good copy and passes Federal regulation.  Thank you, Safelite and Donte S. !
5	This is a review for the customer service provided by the onsite staff at 4440 E Elwood.I arrived a little early for my repair appointment. I was greeted immediately upon entering the office. Chuck (the gentleman manning the front desk) was amazingly friendly, bright, and cheerful. He explained the windshield repair process thoroughly, offered to brew a fresh pot of coffee for me, and then coordinated to have the technician take care of repairing my windshield. When an issue arose with my insurance, Chuck leapt to action and made sure the insurance company was aware of what was going on, and made sure I was taken care of. He even followed up later in the day to make sure everything was correct.Super nice. Super knowledgeable. Super experience.
4	Came to the house to do a chip repair. The work was done quickly and efficiently. Nice job.
5	I had a fantastic experience with these guys.  Kevin Ripka was amazing!  He came to where I work, was on time, very professional, very thorough, and I LOVE MY NEW WINDSHIELD!  Seriously, there is nothing else that I can say other than, if you choose this company, you will be glad you did.
5	My technician was both professional and personable.  Very easy and satisfying experience with Safelite.
5	I've used safelite for all of my auto glass problems and they've never disappointed. This time a rock put a BIG chip in my window, so I called them immediately. I was worried it would spread if I left like that for too long. They were able to make it out to me the very next day. And as always, come to me at work which is the only way I could have got it repaired so soon. He arrived on time, was friendly and helpful, and even cleaned all of my windows for me when he was done!
1	The day before I listed my car for sale, a rock smacked the windshield. I needed to get it fixed right and FAST so I could get it sold fast. I had seen all of the safelite commercials and their reputation, so I decided not to risk it and to take my vehicle directly to the main Safelite location to have the work done, so it would be done right. The customer service who I scheduled with on the phone and who met me at the shop was amazing. I left my car, got a ride back to my office and waited. Hours later, I called because it was three hours after they said it would be done and no one had called. Apparently, they forgot to call me. I got a ride back to Safelite and was met by a service technician. I was horrified by what I found. There was a huge gap all across the top of the windscreen. The rubber gasket was flipped UP and didn't seal anywhere. Looked like the entirely wrong kit (photo attached). I said "woah...what happened? that's not right." The guy started to argue with me. He said "the national trainer is in today and he said it was the right trim kit." "I'm just a layman, dude, but even I can tell there is nothing right about this installation." then he backpedaled further and tried to say my last windshield was installed wrong and it had caused damage...it was the factory window and was totally fine. I owned the car since new and it was the factory windshield with factory marks...I never had it replaced. I had an appointment to show the car that evening and was really irritated. I had to get a ride back to the office and leave the car to have it fixed. I got another ride back when they called to tell me it was done. It was better, but didn't look up to factory specs. I disclosed when I sold the car (Warranty doesn't transfer to the new owner). I wrote to Safelite about the experience (included the photo, names, dates, times, etc.) and they gave me the run around. The only saving grace is the nice guy that answers the phones and meets you up front.
5	They are fast and Friendly, Customer service is top rated! I have used them Twice now within a few months to fix cracks in my front window, the Phx.Az roads are unbelievable and it doesn't Snow down here for all the rocks to be on the roads! Plus you can hardly see where the rocks hit. Thanks Safelite :*
1	Very disappointed! I had made an appointment a couple of weeks ago for someone to come out to where I work, which is in a parking garage. On, the day of the appointment, the technician calls to tell me that he is aware of the garage I work at  and that he knows his van won't fit in the garage and that I would have to drive 2 miles somewhere else. First of all, why did he wait until the day of the appointment to tell me if he was already well aware of the situation; 2nd of all, how is that mobile service when I would have to drive somewhere else and 3rd of all, he should have stopped by my location just to see if his van would fit as a courtesy to his customer. And now I am currently looking out my window at the garage and see a Safelite van FITTING in the garage and working on someone's windshield. This is truly annoying and upsets me because I was lied to. Thankful I went with another glass company and had a wonderful experience with them. Thanks for nothing Safelite. I would never recommend Safelite to anyone.
5	I've dealt with Safelite twice and was satisfied both times. Technicians are professional and friendly. I've had service from other companies and they would send out thugs to my house. Me no likey. Anyways, both times Safelite has shown up at the very end of the time slot they give me, but they always work quick and do a great job. They even vacuumed my truck! Safelite makes it quick and easy to file a claim with your insurance. Making an appointment is a breeze. They even offer to salvage any bumper stickers you have on the glass. Safelite for life.
1	Glad you guys read yelp reviews, but not glad that you couldn't be bothered to respond when I contacted you directly - TWICE. You had your shot - even tried to tell me you didn't have my information in your system - that I was mistaken (even with the big "safelite" reflected in the photo that I sent of the botched job and my receipt, you gave me the run around.) You had your "national trainer" there to personally oversee what was done to my car, and that crap job and the arguing and excuses were the result. IMO, my experience is the best you're even capable of. Won't make that mistake again. It would have been one thing if anyone was ever apologetic, but it was one attempt after another to bully and deceive. This is the ONLY apology I ever received...so, um....thanks?
1	DO NOT USE!! I don't normally post Yelp reviews, but I want to warn everyone to stay away from this Safelite branch. My experience with them has been one of the worst consumer experiences I've ever had. I chose Safelite because of the name recognition, but I wish I hadn't.To sum up my experience, the company has been completely unreliable, unorganized, and unprofessional. Let me run through the four different appointments I've had to make (thus far, but I'm counting on having to reschedule a 5th & 6th time):1. Scheduled to come to my work, but the associate who scheduled my appointment chose the wrong day in the system. The next associate excused this error because "the scheduling systems are tricky".2. I left my car at my work's parking garage, but I was never told to leave my car unlocked and was traveling for the day. Maybe leaving the vehicle unlocked is obvious to some, but why wouldn't the scheduling associate have the forethought to tell each and every client just to ensure this doesn't happen? The service tech who called me told me this happens pretty frequently...3. Woops! They showed up to my work again despite it being a day I'm not in the office. My wife listened to me reschedule the appointment the day before and confirmed I told them our home address. The service tech said this happens all the time and he is always on the receiving end of the client's frustration.4. We're not done... I thought we were going to make it happen this time... BUT the service tech was given the wrong windshield. The windshield we need is in California and won't be here for another four days. So here I am a week and a half after my original call still driving around with a large crack in the middle of my windshield.I could be an unknowing participant of an ASU study to understand how quickly a company can go out of business... I'm not sure.
1	Friday night I had an item thrown through my windshield while my husband and son were driving. Needless to say, I was distraught at what could have happened.The hole in my windshield looked large enough to stick a head through it!I called my insurance company. They patched me through to Safelite. The earliest they could schedule me was four days out.  And to add insult to injury, they were giving me a five hour window. I have personally won national awards for customer satisfaction. I know A1 service when I see it. And, this wasn't it.Ultimately, I ended up calling Jesse, at Mountainside Glass, and I could not be more pleased. Now, THAT was award worthy service.
