2	Do you ever get that conspiracy theory moment where you think that a business is actually some sort of front for something much more sinister?La Fondita is a little hole-in-the-wall mom and pop "restaurant" in beautiful down town El Mirage.  Please do not drive to downtown El Mirage based on my past sentence.  The "beautiful down town El Mirage" statement is what one might call sarcasm.  Remember when you were a kid, and you'd enter a neighborhood and your mom would tell you to lock the doors?  Now, you are picturing the beauty.  Moving on...La Fondita is closed almost as much as it is open.  I drove by last Saturday at 8pm and they were closed.  I usually just get my food to go from the little window.  The dining room, if we are calling it that, sort of makes you wonder if you have made the right choice eating there....but...why, oh, why would I go back?  I really, really like the food.Some additional fun facts:Once, the husband, ordered some sort of burro/burrito type thing that cost $4.95.  He asked for guacamole and sour cream.  When we went to pay he saw that he was charged $2.95 for the guacamole and $1.00 for the sour cream.  He almost doubled the price for his meal!  I laughed heartily.When I went yesterday to pick up an order I discovered another comical sign... Due to increasing cost of fuel and paper products they are charging a $1 per take out order...for me to drive there and pick it up they are going to charge me an extra $1!  Lovely.So...anyone know any good recipes for salsa?  It seems I need to learn to make my own.
1	This place is a waste of time head down the street to humbertos instead same price better food
4	Best salsa ever. It's blended beautifully with a nice prominent cilantro flavor. Seriously couldn't get enough. They need to jar it and sell it.I had the carne asada fry bread. Price is great and it was very tasty. The carne asada itself had a good flavor and the fry bread was delicious. It's a good size and piled on with beans, meat, lettuce and tomatoes and also came with side of sour cream and avocado. I couldn't eat the whole thing and took 2/3 of it home where my husband promptly ate the leftovers and he liked it very much as well. It's a tiny little hole in the wall and a stand alone building. I can see parking being a big problem if there's more than 5 people there. It's truly a family restaurant that's been handed down from one generation to the next. Very friendly and great service as well.
