4	I was pleasantly surprised to find a decent restaurant at the Luxor!  My last dining experience there was sub-par, but the T&T is actually quite nice.  Their margaritas are made with fresh fruit juice and taste pretty good.  I didn't care for their tortilla chips; I think they were a mixture of flour and corn.  But the salsa and guacamole were above average.  The fajitas I had were tasty, and Gerald's burrito was very good.  I finished dinner with a cafe au lait, which they made extremely well.I would probably go back if I were in the Luxor, but I still prefer Diego at the MGM Grand, even though it's gone a bit downhill lately.
4	The hotel listing that I had said that this place opened at 7am.  WRONG!  They open at 11am.  Anyways I got there around 10:30am so I didn't have to wait long.I am a huge fan of good mixed drinks, and this place had a good list of different margaritas and other drinks, but I settled for the 'Casarita' their house special margie.  It was basically a cadillac margarita, made with Gran Marnier and whatever else goes in there.  Damn those things were good.  I could have sat there a good portion of the day watchin football and drinking those things.Chips, were not that great, they seemed too hard or maybe old.  But they weren't the worst I've ever had.  The accompanying salsas both green and red were both VERY good.  So that helped out the bad chips.  I just had a couple of appetizers and some drinks and watched some football and talked to one of the 'tequila temptresses'.  Shanna it was nice talkin to you and if you ever need to get out of that living situation you're in you can just give me a call. The food seemed fresh and was presented well.  I notice that a lot of the MGM properties are using a lot of the same plating techniques in a lot of their restaurants.  Pretty soon everything in Vegas is going to be very MGM-Mirage-ish.Service was good, drinks very good, food was tasty, the restaurant was clean and stylish, the prices were not outlandish, the servers were all above average in hawt-factor and the most important thing about a 'Mexican' restaurant, the chips and salsa, were good overall.  I would definitely come back to this place again.
3	We stopped here after watching the excruciating Criss Angel Believe show, which is another story entirely. We were seated quickly, but the hostess and waiter kept going on about how we should have come here on Saturday because there is dancing and fun and non-stop tequila action and we really should have come on a different night. Well, do they want us to turn around and leave? Thanks for dashing our hopes for a wonderful evening. But we stayed, and the food was a lot better than expected. The salsa assortment was delicious, as were the fish tacos, although the portions a bit small. I expected, you know, El Torito-sized plates. In general, food was good, and T&T is a nice place to stop if you're already inside the Luxor. But don't go out of your way.
4	I eat a lot of Mexican food. And I always order tacos. The alambre tacos here were amongst the best I ever had. We ate at the bar and the service was fantastic too.
4	One of my friends was craving tacos, so we stopped by here for dinner. The chips and salsa were good, even better since there were two types of salsa that came with them. Loved their fajitas. This is the only place I've been to (so far) where they asked how I wanted my steak cooked for them. Medium steak on fajitas never tasted so darn good.
3	Been here before and it was terrible, had a chicken Fajita that was dry as a bone.  This time was much better.  Bean & cheese enchilada that was well received and carnitas tacos that needed sour cream or something else, but were pretty good.
3	This place is overpriced but yummy. We came here on a whim for lunch and the service was great and there is a wide selection of margaritas to choose from which is nice. The white peach was very good!The little tacos are not worth 13-15 for three though. I dunno, they were okay but could use some sour cream and guacamole..., just my opinion. The spareribs were yummy and we ordered the appetizer sampler which we didnt eat the tamale, it wasn't all that great, but the litle taquitos and nachos were.Come here with an open mind and you will be okay!
1	EW. Horrible horrible horrible service. I very rarely leave no tip, but this place got none. Especially in times as hard as these, I sympathize with the staff...but we got absolutely NO help here.Good chips and dip though.
4	I used to go to the old mexican place that was in this location... I'm really pleased with the changes they made! My mini-tostadas were great, and my friend's tacos were delish, too! We sat at the bar, and had wonderful service. The waiter was prompt, friendly, and funny. He filled us in on the varying portion sizes, and recommended great dishes. Great selection of tequila at the bar, but we were happy to get Bohemias. ;)Its a really convenient location (atrium level in the Luxor), and reasonable prices for Vegas. Give it a go!
5	Wow, we really enjoyed the food here. When we checked in, we got a card giving us a free tequila shot from this restaurant. We ordered the nachos and the fajitas, and were not let down in any shape or form. We also got drinks, regular and pomegranate margaritas. All great and very tasty. If you are at the Luxor this is the restaurant to go to!
4	Well, I've only been here once, but I was pleasantly surprised. The food and staff were excellent. We had a late breakfast at the bar and the food was excellent. They have pretty good margaritas too. They had some confusing 2 for 1 special on the margaritas and I thought we got screwed on it. When I questioned the bartender she offered to give us free drinks to make up for it, even though we misunderstood the special. How can you complain about free drinks?!?! Especially at a place that's a little pricey. The bartender even changed the TV channel, when someone complained, agreeing with them that the show was awful. Be warned: Mariachi bands play here. This place looks like a very trendy spot, but I found the bartenders to be down to earth. (A lot of the time they just want to talk to someone not trying to hit on them.) Anyway, it's a tiny place, thank God it replaced that shit-hole La Salsa. Anyway, give it a try, I was extremely pleased and will definitely visit again. It's a fun area to sit in as well, in the pyramid's upper level. Ole!
4	We went for lunch and had great service. We ordered the special hot sauce which is haberno. Its very hot and tasty. Wait to get something to drink before you taste. I had the Chicken enchiladas which were good. We had some shots of Tequila. Our server told us all about the tequila and it was very smooth, but not high priced. I will definately be going back and enjoying another meal.
2	The margaritas are great and the servers nice, but  food was not so great.  Overpriced ($15 for mini tacos.) The tortilla that comes around your taco is the size of a donut and the meat was tough and flavorless. Definatly needed extra seasoning, as did the rice. The guacomole was okay- to much cilantro for my tastes, but the hot sauce was good. Wouldn't go back, even if it was free.
5	This was surprising super yummy.  Me and the b/f just checked into the luxor after an early morning flight and just wanted to grab something quick to eat before exploring the town and there were ads for this all over so we tried it out and it was actually really good.  The chips and salsa was super yummy and the tacos and burrito we got was really tasty.  I don't know what they do to the meat but it's good.We only stayed in LV for 4 days and we ate here before we left also because we thought it was just that good we had to go again before leaving.
4	A pleasant surprise/ Pre-show dinner with my girl and my sis. The drink highlight - the pineapple chipotle Margarita The chips and salsa - that's some damn tasty salsa and gee, they don't charge - i thought i heard they charged for the chips/salsa. The guac we ordered was ok. The girls had mini -  tostadas - blue crab for my girl, sis had the tuna both ok I went with the carnitas platter - very good and the habenero sauce - excellent - glad i ordered the pacifico to go with the carnitas because my mouth was burnin' ! total bill including 3 mixed drinks and the beer, $102 - i can live with that !pics posted soon
3	I was craving Mexican food and Yelp mobile pointed me here to T&T as I glided over the strip in the tram. I was a little skeptical based on the mixed reviews, but I thought "what the hell."When we arrived, I was a little disappointed with the cheezy decor and the hostess was quite the bitch.Nevertheless, I chilled out with an ice cold Corona Light and my dining partner delighted in a margarita.I had the cheese enchiladas, and let me tell you, the sauce was out of this fucking world. I mean... my mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.He had the chile relleno, and it was equally as tasty!I didn't really care for the red salsa, but the green salsa was pretty good.Overall, I really liked the food and I would have rated it higher if hostess was not hardcore PMS'ing.
3	A group of people from my job were in Las Vegas for the Interop convention, and most of us stayed in the Luxor. Our first night in, we decided to keep dinner close and easy, so one of our managers picked T&T.As with all things Las Vegas, it's overpriced and oversexed. If that's too much for you, best not to come into LV at all.On the plus side, the food was pretty decent. Service was good, although the food took longer than it should have to come out since it was not busy when we were there. There were ample chips and salsa provided, and the waitress was very on top of keeping drinks refilled.So why 3 stars, and not 4? In all honesty, part of that score stems from the fact that it's the Luxor, a hotel I will never stay at again after this trip. The rest is based on price (yes, it's Vegas, no, that doesn't make it acceptable) and the wait time on the food.  Good service and good food make it a good, not great, place to go if you're nearby.
3	Went during the week, which means an all male staff. No tequila temptresses, I guess they only work on Saturday (must be nice). The only girl I saw was the hostess and she was an a-hole. Our drinks were refilled pretty regularly, so that was good. The chips were stale, so we definitely got leftovers from the day before. The tacos were actually really good! Small as a packet of Equal, but good! (I have pictures I will post later to prove how small they are). The beans were gross but the rice was tasty. So all in all, if you're at the Luxor go ahead and eat there, but don't go out of your way. And maybe have a snack before you go lol.
2	I was here on Memorial Day weekend, man the margaritas were weak and not made well.  The salsas were different than before.  This time they tasted like Embasa poured straight out of the can.  I had the tacos and for that price?  Please.  In LA we get those tacos on the corner for .75 cents each man, and you're charging me 14 bucks for three?  The food was not good, not worth it at all.   The waitresses....still hawt!  But hell theres hawt women all over in Vegas.  I'll be watching them from a better place next time.If this is what all MGM Mirage properties are drifting toward in quality, I think I might have to find another multi-billion dollar company to give my wool to.
3	Expensive by mexican food standards, average price by Las Vegas Standards.  Our $10 margaritas were way too small, but were pretty tasty.  I had a chicken burrito that was tasty, and my girlfriend had some seared tuna tacos that were also good.  My biggest complaint was the price and the so-so service.
4	Wow, this was surprisingly good! We made reservations to meet someone there and then realized it was a mexican hooters.  we were sadly disappointed that it was not the case, but i have to give them props for their grub.The chips were fresh and the Salsa's were excellent.  I had the chicken burrito, it was one of the best I've had.  It was reasonably priced for a Casino.
3	Like most other people, we had never heard of this place before but saw all the signs for it while we were checking in so we figured we would give it a try.   The weren't a lot of people in there, so it was kind of surprising that the service was slow.Just like everything else in Vegas, of course its overpriced.  Yeah, not too cool paying $14 for three mini tacos.  You would think that with their name being "Tacos N Tequila" that they'd have some great specials for their Tequila drinks...Nope.  $12 for the same weak margarita you get everywhere else in Vegas.   I'll give them some props on the red and green salsa though, it was delicious.  Also  whatever they season the meat with makes it very good.   So they do get props on the food, the portions are just too small.Also, right across from the restaurant they have one of those slushie bars where you can get alcohol slushies from.  Don't even waste your time here, because they are super-weak.   For stronger drinks, start walking towards the shops that connect the Luxor with Mandalay Bay and you'll see another slushie bar called Fat Tuesdays.  The slushies here are cheaper AND stronger.
5	Food is awesome!!! At T & T they have a trio Ceviche with Shrimp, Mahi Mahi, and crab that is great.  Tequila list is as robust as Lindo Muchican (My fav) and the salsa, and banana empanadas are equally amazing.  Service is decent and the price is right for the food and location.
4	I just had a strawberry daiquri from the slushie bar across the restaurant it was really good, I asked for light on the alcohol and it was perfect for me cuz I don't really like it to begin with, so I liked the face that they mix in the alcohol afterwards, rather that already mixed in like some of the other slushie bars.
4	We had a great time at T & T. The food was pretty awesome, the sangria was fantastic. The atmosphere was casual but appropriately themed. The guacamole was soooooo good. I would definitely go back, except that it's in the Luxor which is just 'eh.'Just a side note, don't plan on eating at T&T and then going out. You will be too full of cheese and beans and chips and Tequila and Mexican food to make it. Plus, it's really hard to eat "just a little bit" here since the food is so tasty.
5	We ate there 2 days and yummy..we got the ceviche sampler and it was delicious. The first time we ate at the bar and our bartender was really great. He made drink suggestions and food suggestions. He was awesome. I feel bad that I dind't get his name! SEcond time we ate lunch and it was very delicious. The prices aren't bad considering the athmosphere/ Fun little thing is that they have a really cool photo booth in there for after you have a few drinks!
3	We had just checked into Luxor when we realized how hungry we were. The front desk had given us a coupon for this place (which we proceeded to leave in the room) so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant did not look very busy, but since we had a group of 8 they told us it would take a while for them to put some tables together for us. The hostesses had seated everyone at every other table for four. While it made the restaurant look busier, it meant that there weren't any two tables for four next to each other. They ended up seating us in a closed section of the restaurant. We were the only ones there.Our waitress came soon. She was very friendly. She told us about all her favorite places to go in Vegas. We just really wanted her to take and put in our order. They really scrutinized out driver's licenses when we ordered beers. She said she had to show mine to her manager since the picture didn't look right to her, but after she saw that everyone else at the table was about the same ages as me, she figured  it was legit and gave it back without showing anyone. We all went with tacos since the place is called Tacos and Tequila. We were brought our drinks and chips quickly, but the entrees took awhile. The serving sizes were pretty disappointing for the price. I paid $18 for 3 small tacos that were about two bites eat. That being said, they were the best tacos I have ever tasted. Previous to them, the best tacos I had ever eaten were at a place in Rosarito, Mexico. If they would either up their serving size or lower prices, I would come back. However, as good as the tacos were, they were not worth $18. I know some have called this place Hooters with a Mexican theme, but I could eat pretty well for $18 at Hooters (FYI, there's a Hooters across the street with 25 cent wings during late night hours in their 24 hour cafe, but read my review before heading over there).
4	Beef barbacoa enchiladas were good. Pretty fast service and friendly staff.
2	This place -might- have been a 3 and then I saw the bill. Everything here was just so so. They are a wannabe Pink Taco (Hard Rock) and don't really live up to it. The food isn't as good (they have a lot of the same dishes) and did I mention how freaking expensive it was? $100 for two people sharing 1 app (ceviche) and 1 entree (grilled chicken), 3 beers, and 2 tequilas (correalejo repasado). Will say service was good but that's about their only redeeming quality.
4	Ok first things out of the way. Yes it is not cheap -- it's in a casino and very few restaurants in a casino are cheap. Next, the margaritas are just average. Save your money for one of the $7 beers that should be $3.50. Now the food: the carnitas was verrry tender inside and nice and crispy outside -- some of the best I've ever had. The cheese enchilada was very good as well - the only way to mess up a cheese enchilada is to use plastic cheese which they did not. Freshly made chips were a nice touch. The salsa was just so-so and the guacamole is no where near as good as what they make at Viva Mercado right at your table. Overall a good experience - I would recommend it.
3	I think everything about LUXOR is average 3 stars. Except for the hot drunken girls. They do score some points. Onward... Tacos & Tequila is expensive. And I mean for a burrito, expect to dish out around $16. Jeezzzz man... Our order was a burrito, 2 drinks, and a side order of rice. And it came out $25+ but the bar tender was really cool. Really easy going dude... so was the hostess and the rest of the staff. So good ups there. It was crowded and the place was jammin' - just the way I like it. Alot of good looking people, good energy, and aside from the steep price. The food was was pretty damn good. TIP: Sit at the bar and avoid waiting 463 hours for a table. Orders are quick and service done with a smile.
1	I gave this place the benefit of the doubt after I asked the hostess why someone was being taking out in a stretcher. She merely said he had a medical condition and I had nothing to worry about. But I guess I should have known from the moment I saw someone being taken out on a stretcher that this would not be the best place to eat. But whatever we sat anyway.. I mean what were the chances we would get sick. =/      We started off with the chips and salsa's which were awesome. We then ordered a Mojito for him and a margarita for me. We got a queso fundido to split and order some tacos.We got through the queso, only drank half our drinks and 5 minutes later my boyfriend was not feeling well. We have no idea what made him sick but he literally broke out into a cold sweat in the middle of the retaurant. We had to call securty and almost rush him to the hospital.  We had drank water all day and had not eaten anything out of the ordinary so dehydration was out of the question. My boyfriend had to run to the restroom where he did in fact get sick.  I felt fine, i think partly because I was more worried about him. We paid for what we ate which I personally think it BS. I mean you made us sick!! But whatever...  I paid our bill while he waited outside slowly sipping water because he still felt like crap.We hoped into a cab and got back to our hotel. About 15 minutes later I started feeling sick to my stomach. and yes... we know what happened next.If I were anyone .. stay away from this place!!!  There is something seriously wrong with a place that can make three individuals sick within 45 mins and not do anything to make it better. There are far better placed to eat.
1	Wow, the only combination of words to describe the restaurant is, "it sucks".  My wife and I decided to try it for dinner after having an enjoyable day in Vegas. Big mistake. The hostess that greeted us was pleasant. She seated us in less then 3 minutes but that's expected when the restaurant is not busy. There might have been at the most 15-18 other patrons in the restaurant so not busy at all. As we sat at our table waiting for the waiter, we realized that 15 minutes had elapsed and no one had asked what we wanted to drink. Finally, our waiter appears, he does not apologize for the unexplainable long wait, which immediately changed the atmosphere even more.  We ordered drinks, pepsi and a water with a lemon wedge, sounds easy right? Wrong the waiter screwed  that up. After we brought the mistake to his  attention, he said that he would correct it after  he took our dinner order. We gave him our  order. An appetizer, and two entrees. Another  20 minutes passed and no food, no corrected  drinks, no "is everything ok" from the waiter. I  might be wrong, but I'm pretty sure the  appetizer should come first. Well that didn't  happen. We never saw it. 35 minutes of lost  time. After 35 minutes we thought that any  reasonable person would make the decision to leave.  As we stood to leave, a waiter we have never seen before rushed out with the entrees. I caught a glimpse at the food and  thought, "holy smokes these are small tacos!".  For  $17 I would have expected something that  would fill me up, not finger food. The tacos at  taco bell are larger to give you an idea.  We notified a manager and explained the poor service but he obviously does not have any true managerial experience because a good experienced manager would try to correct the problem. But what can you say? The way an establishment runs is a reflection of management, crappy. The management is only out to get your money. Spend it somewhere else. You'll get better service at Mcdonalds.  Anyway, I will tell people every chance I get to avoid this restaurant.
1	When I arrived they was a stretecher taking some guy out with oxygen.... usually a bad sign.... I ordered a Mojito which was very good, our table shared an appetizer which then got us all extremely sick (some worse than others) and I felt like I had been poisoned and needed my own ambulance. 24 hours later I recovered..... the food tasted good, but I would not return based on this experience... Obviously some kind of contamination occured in the kitchen while we were there...scarry
4	This place has really great authentic Mexico food, delicious fire roasted salsas, an excellent variety of tacos and top notch bartenders. The service was fast and efficient. I liked some of the taco combos they offered - especially the falafel taco - a great mix of Mexican and Middle Eastern flavors. So good. Too bad the decor feels like it's from 1990 and it's tucked away on the 2nd level of the Luxor in an area where they have to close by 11pm. Such a bad call since the food is much better than any other restaurant in the hotel  And for Vegas, the price is right - dinner for two with a drink each came to under $55 with tip.
3	Very good mexican food... delicious drinks... too pricey for mexican food but I guess you are in VEGAS... highly recommend... Crab tostadas +A... Bartender was friendly so the server... Enjoy and TEQUILA!!!
1	YUCK!  We went here for sunday brunch, expecting something substantial to satisfy our hangovers, and a nice cold bloody mary. Instead we got overpriced child sized portions of average mexican food, the most disgusting bloody maria I have ever had in my life(it was sweet and tasted like ketchup-barf!), and RUDE service from the waiter. He brought us all yet another round of the vomit-inducing bloody marias  (they were 2 for $10) and refused to make a substitution. When I politely explained that none of us liked the bloody marias as they were too sweet, he ARGUED with me in broken english and then finally bought us a round of margaritas when we were done with our two bite meals. By the way, the margaritas are gross too. Oh, and as you walk in the door you are greeted by some guy who tries to get your information for their email list and there was some chick on a microphone yakking away the whole time about drink specials, trying to drum up business. This place is a ripoff and with so many other fantastic restaurants in vegas you would be much better off somewhere else....I'd even rather eat at the circus circus buffet. And that's bad...but at least I would not leave feeling violated.
4	One of the girls in my group had stayed in the hotel room most of the day. She'd been sick during the days leading up to the fight weekend. When she finally woke up, she called up my friend and asked her to get some tacos. I told her I'd been to T&T the last time I was in Vegas, and their food was pretty good. She ordered the carne asada tacos for the roomie to go while I got the beef quesadilla. We figured we ought to start off the night early. So while waiting, we sat at the bar and had a few margaritas. Hers was the pomegranate acai and mine was mango ginger. Both were really good. Once our orders were up, we transferred our drinks to plastic cups and were on our way up to the room. I straight grubbed on the quesadilla and had the remainder of it later after coming back from LAX. This is another reason why I wouldn't mind staying at Luxor the next time I come over to Sin City.
4	The good:  Salsa, salsa,salsa. Mariachi band on Sunday brunch day. Tequila.The bad: Whoa that food is pricey. small portions. Live Mariachi band rocks. Ever heard "Gasolina" by Daddy Yankee in Mariachi? Well look no further because these guys break it down.  hello. best salsa ever. I literally was like "no i dont want to go here cause it's expensive as shit." but damn that salsa made all my worries go away. The green, not the red. I got the machaha burrito or something like that, it was okay. The carne asada was really good. The carnitas was pretty tasty (i'm also not one for meat so it had to be pretty damn good) The portions are small and very expensive but that salsa i mean. Ya. Loved it.  The salsa. i will go back just for that special delish!
3	I had one goal when I first arrived in Vegas: to have one of those tall margarita glasses in my hand as soon as possible.  We headed down to the Strip to chill out for a bit.  This was the first 1/2 yd margarita stand we stumbled upon.  I ordered the mango flavor with an extra shot.  I later found out the drinks and the glasses here are a bit over priced.  But the drink did the trick and started our night off on the right foot.  I will say that going back to the room and trying to do hair and make-up after drinking that thing proved to be a little bit challenging.  But I'm always up for a challenge.
5	Vegetarian Tacos - with grilled zucchini, corn tortilla, mushrooms, corn, chile poblano rajas, crema fresca + side of rice and beans:  $13Vegetarian Quesadilla - Flour tortillas, grilled zucchini, mushrooms, corn, onions, chile poblano rajas, & Oaxaca cheese: $12The best SALSA and chips ever: PRICELESSSince we had a pyramid room right above T&T  we wanted to check this restaurant out so when we saw it featured on the bar crawl we were stoked.We finally made it over here around 10PM as part Luxor Halloween bar crawl.  The place was packed, service was a little slow, but friendly (acceptable given the circumstances), and the food was phenomenal.  The salsa was so good that my bf asked if they bottled it because he wanted to take a bunch home.Thank you T&T for filling up our tummies and being a part of an awesome drunken Halloween night.
4	I had their taco salad which was spicy and nice, but what really took the cake was the Cheese (Que so Fondue) that they had on the menu.....they melted 3-4 types of cheese together with ground up beef that was served in a hot skillet with really thick tortilla chips that would make your mouth melt. I also had their signature Mango Margarita which was sooooooo delicious and sweet.
2	The food isn't bad, but it's a little expensive. My girlfriend and I ate here for lunch and it came out to about $60 total. For that price, we should've just went to a good buffet. The food is on par with a regular tex-mex restaurant. The sangria here is pretty good though. I will not be returning to eat here.
4	Oh I really liked it!  so expensive of course thats why it looses one star.  But the staff is super cool and they really made the experience great.  I wish I could remember the one bartenders name, but he was so great and sooo friendly (it was the afternoon of the 22nd) Chris? Ugh I am so bad with names anyways- we had some great margaritas, and the nachos were SOOOOOOOO good.  I had to get them twice while I was there :).  Loved it!!
3	I'd been wanting to try this restaurant since we passed by it while exploring the Luxor.  My fiance and I thought "We like tacos.  We also like tequila.  This seems like a sure thing!"  So, we made sure to try it our last afternoon in Vegas.We walked in and were asked to wait for a seat.  Confused, since there were 4-5 empty tables spread throughout the restaurant we agreed.  I leaned against a wall and noticed a young lady who was dressed nicely sitting attentively in a chair.  I figured she was waiting for her date so I didn't think much of it.  After 20 minutes we were sat directly in front of the lady who I'd noticed.We placed our orders.  He ordered the first margarita on the list, and the chicken tacos.  I ordered the ginger mango margarita and the crab tostadas. They brought out chips and two types of salsa; both were yummy.  The margaritas tasted good.  The tequilas chosen complimented the base flavors nicely.My fiance liked his tacos, but noted that they were a bit small.  He cleaned his plate, and that almost never happens. My crab tostadas were small as well.  Think of it as 3 round tortilla chips piled high with a mayonnaise-y crab and avocado mix.  They were hard to eat - kind of messy, you know?  But on the plus side, the crab was real crab.As we were eating, we overheard our waiter talk to the girl who had been waiting since before we arrived.  She was there for an interview.  Just before we finished our meal, the hostess went to the girl and said "I don't know when he'll be here to talk to you.  You might want to go."I would have given this place 4 stars if it they didn't leave the poor girl waiting.  It also would have helped if the portion sizes were a bit bigger.
4	We choose this restaurant because we had a coupon for $25 off from restaurant.com.  T &T was cool because you get to just look up at the Luxor, which is both very strange and awe-inspiring at the same time.  Our margaritas were good, but pricey ($12; again, I know these are Vegas prices).  My pineapple margarita was delicious and I wish I knew of a place in Mass to get one. Everyone gets complimentary chips and salsa before their meal.  Both of the salsas were unique and spicy, but I preferred the hot salsa to the green, milder sauce.  After having beef barbacoa at New Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale, I knew I had to try it again and ordered the beef barbacoa enchiladas, which were all that I hoped for.  The husband ordered a combo plate, which he enjoyed.The service was a little slow, but the food portions and deliciousness made up for it.
4	As soon as I check into Luxor I run to get my favorite margarita their razzarita. T&T is great for a quick bite or to start your Vegas trip right with a bucket sized margarita. Their guacamole is nothing special but their chicken enchiladas have helped me start my day after a long night of exploring Vegas.Viva Lost Wages
3	excellent chips and salsa - they were free. good margaritas - my fave was the pineapple one. tacos - meh. i live in santa ana and of course the tacos here are outrageously delicious and its hard to compare. ambience - super fun and laid back.
4	Great dinner and great tequila. Chips and salsa were great. Our server Angel brought us a complimentary flight of tequila. We had ordered two. Everyone enjoyed their meal. The only bad thing is it is in the Luxor. What a dump.
3	after not eating half the day & getting off the flight & the shuttle....vennie & i stumbled upon this place b4 getting our carrot top tickets....yes carrot top people....hes still around & is worth the addmission....i dunno why i wanted to try the ceviche but it was a bad idea...i really did dip my chips in only twice n pushed it to the side....ceviche was too watery & the fish didnt seem fresh =(....luckily veenies nachos made up for it....u can tell the carne asada was fresh off the grill....free chips/salsa is huuuuge plus....the nachos were soooo good that we returned the night after & ordered again after the carrot top show...i say 3.5 stars...the dj & mc screaming in my ear n playin wack tracks didnt help & kinda ruined my meal....i came here to eat & not get annoyed
4	technically, 4.5 stars. here's why:my friends and i decided to check the place out before going out. it's located in luxor, which....well, isnt very happening. whatever, we were here for the food anyway. first plus: free chips and salsa. who doesn't like free food (esp in vegas!). we also order a pitcher of red sangria. that's where the place loses points-the drink was awful. tasted like cheap red wine and the fruit was just gross and inedible. though i have to admit, i'm no sangria expert. my expertise lies with food. and in the food dept, this place was great! everything we ordered turned out surprisingly delicious! the food tasted authentic. all in all, i'd DEFINITELY come back here. the price range was also decent. if you aren't too hungry, you could probably split a dish, otherwise expect to pay about $15-25 per person.
4	After spending 5 hours in the airport and 5 hours on a bumpy flight, I finally landed in Las Vegas. Since I was traveling for about 10 hours (or more) I was starving for something other than airport food. I didn't know where to go, so I turned to my friend who is stationed out here to bring me somewhere good and low-key. He picked a great place! We started off with guacamole and two different kinds of salsa. The guacamole was really really good! It was the second best I have ever had. We then had the beef quesadilla, which were also very good. Super cheesy, and the beef was extremely tender. Oh and if you are going to get a drink (which you are since you are in Vegas) get the pitcher of red sangria.....So Delicious!!!!!
3	I ordered the tortilla soup, it was delicious. The food is very pricey, but this is to be expected in Las Vegas. Only go here if you first purchase the coupon from Restaurants.com. There were four of us, we each ordered an entree and one alcoholic beverage. The total AFTER the coupon, which included the tip, was 84 dollars. After the coupon... Yep.The only reason this place did not get four stars was because the server seemed very awkward, she was unsure of what certain ingredients were, she kind of just stood there and stared at us for extended periods of time. Then she came back and asked if she could bring us some chips and salsa while we waited for our food. We saw several other tables with the chips and salsa and assumed it was a courtesy, free, item.  It was not, and the server did not specify this, we were NOT pleased. It is generally expected in restaurants that serve chips and salsa that they are complimentary. Chevy's as well as any other Mexican or Tex-mex style restaurant I've ever been too - they have been complimentary. Luckily, the coupon included the tip to the server because the amount I would have given her dropped significantly after I saw that on the bill. I noticed other reviewers saying the chips and salsa were complimentary, that must have changed because we were definitely charged for them.Either way, the food was good, just make sure you know what you're getting "offered" when you go in there.
3	Food = 4 StarsService = 2 StarsMy and the BF were hungry and didn't feel like making the trek out of our hotel so we hit this place up.  I have to say that whoever designed the menu totally catered to my flavor profile.... SALT and LIME.  No it's not very sophisticated, but I love it.  I ordered the tortilla soup and a chicken burrito.  Also we ordered a queso appetizer.  The Queso was lame honestly... they meant well, but after like 3 minutes it hardens and is no good.  The soup and burrito were SOOOOOO good!  I was a happy camper.  My bf ordered the falafel tacos.  Basically he said that they weren't that great for him, but he understood the concept.  If I'm back to the Luxor again I'll hit this place up.
3	I got a gift certificate from Restaurants.com for $50 off $100 check so we thought we would check this place out.We show up and love the set up. It is a open area of tables so it is great to people watch. After the hostess quickly seats us, it takes about 10 minutes for anyone to notice us and bring us menus. After about another 15 minutes they bring out chips and salsa and we ask to give our order. It takes about 10 more minutes for our server to come around. We then finally get water so we can actually eat the chips and salsa which were spicey. After finally getting our food I can say the food is a positive at this place and worthy of 4 stars but the service was horrible and only about 1.5 stars. They brought out the wrong food items and then took forever to bring the right things.It is a shame they can't get their act together because the food and atmosphere was great.
3	It was good! Worth a visit... good food , music and plasma tv's     The nachos covered was yummy!! id go back ..if i was at the Luxor at the time...
3	NOTE:  I want to apologize now for strange nature of the following review.  I spent close to 12 hours in a meeting today and my train of thought has been slipping on and off the rails.In the interest of full disclosure, I must admit that my review may be somewhat tainted.  I dined at T&T approximately 10 days after I had been on a taco bender with my brother, in a south Texas border town where the primary language is Spanish.  Mexican food served elsewhere in the US (including Las Vegas) has been less then satisfying in comparison.Having said that, I am giving T&T a solid 3 star because the food was A-OK.  Not earth shattering, but definitely a step above Don Pablo's, Taco Bell, Chi-Chi's et.al.The tortilla chips were warm and nicely coated with sea salt.  The salsas served with the chips were ok but a little bland for my taste, though this was remedied with the addition of the habanero based hot sauce on the table. For my entree, I ordered a combo consisting of a chicken tamal, a beef enchilada, and a taco al pastor (they referred to it as a "shaved taco" which, having the juvenile sense of humor that I do, I found quite amusing).The tamal was seasoned nicely and the chicken quite tender.  The enchilada was tasty and surprisingly filling despite it's somewhat diminutive size.  The only negative in my entree was the shaved taco (huh-huh, huh-huh... cool!).  While the addition of pineapple made for a very juicy taco, it also made it too sweet.  I prefer my tacos with the bite of a little acid from fresh lime juice.I'd certainly hit this place again if I were staying at the Luxor.  I'll just order the fish taco next time.
5	The best Shrimp Quesadillas I've ever tasted.This was my first meal of the trip, right after we got to the hotel - delicious - highly recommed it.  I paired it with a Tequila Lemon Drop and it was perfect.  We liked it so much we went a second time for Sunday brunch.  That time I had the Combo Tostadas, which brings chicken, crab and tuna tostadas.  Suggestion - go for the all chicken one, that was the best one, really good.  My drinks for that meal, 2 for 1 Casaritas.  This were too sweet for my taste, to the point I couldn't finish the second one but @ 2 for 1 I couldn't resist.For brunch they had Mariachis, that go from table to table sining a song of your choice.  We got two songs.  One for my Mexican friends and when I told them I was from PR they sang "En Mi Bello San Juan" - beautiful!!!!  Made me smile for the rest of the day.  Ended brunch with a Tequila shot and ready for more Vegas!
4	I've been here a few times - just about every time I come to Vegas because my boyfriend just loves this place so much.  While the place is very good it isn't authentic at all so if that's what you fancy you should really head elsewhere.  I've tried the salads which are actually both tasty and fresh.  I've had the combo plate as well which comes with a chicken tamale, shredded beef enchilada, taco, rice, and beans.  It comes with a lot of food but it isn't the best thing ever.  The best thing on the menu would have to be the shrimp tacos.  They come with a pineapple like salsa on top which puts it over the top.  Highly recommended.
4	The prices are a bit high, but the service is good and it's a nice atmosphere.  The salsas are fantastic, too!
4	Four stars based mainly on the margarita being the best effing margarita I have ever tasted.  I chose one that had pineapple and chipotle pepper.  Hot-damn, it was good.I also ordered the chicken fajitas which were lovely.  A nice balance of peppers and onions with really tasty marinated meat.  Our server seemed a bit overwhelmed; I think he was the only one on a Tuesday afternoon.  Even still, he was on the ball.  Well done, man.
3	The food was good [and presentation was gorgeous! Kudos to the awesome chef!!] thus, the three stars. The atmosphere was so-so. The staff was AWFUL. We went here on our first day, and last day of our trip since it was inside the Luxor where we were staying. The first time my husband and i split the shrimp ceviche. DELICIOUS!! You don't get a ton of it, but was worth the money for how good it was. He had the tostada sampler [will post a photo].. we didn't realize just HOW SMALL, the small plates were. It was also delicious however, and beautifully presented. I tried the Watermelon drink, which was pretty bland. Service was decent at this visit.Second visit we tried the nachos, as the plate was supposed to be much bigger. It was! And was delicious! However, we had to wait a good 10 minutes or more just for water or chips and there was only 2 other tables seated at around 3pm. Then another 10 minutes for food. The hostesses gossiped loudly at their podium and were rude. Our waitress was sweet, but checked on us ONCE the whole time we were there [she wasn't even the one to bring us our food, as she was too busy talking the whole time] and the rest of the time hung out at the bar talking to the bartender. Good food... awful service. Maybe I could have handled the crappy service if the food was rock bottom prices.. but it wasn't. Doubt we'll be back next trip. Gonzalez Y Gonzalez over at NYNY was way better!!
3	best part of this place was the decor.  besides that, the food was alright. not bad but nothing to write home about. we got the crab tostadas, carnitas tacos, vegetarian tacos, and tortilla soup.  the crab tostadas didn't taste too fresh & were really fishy.
4	MMMM is all I can say after dinner at T&T. I had the chicken enchiladas, which were really good. Our party also had tacos, the beef burrito, a queso dip thing, etc. and everyone really enjoyed it.
5	They have a grilled corn on the cobb appetizer that is amazing! For that matter, the entire meal was great. They also have a unique selection of Margaritas which are REALLY good but a little pricey at $12.00. Located on the second floor near the front entrance to the Luxor, the restaurant has a nice, modern, upscale vibe. The restaurant is open air to the pyramid so you have a great view to do people watching from the dining tables or the bar. 5 stars all the way, this is a great place to go to if you are looking for a quality Mexican Restaurant that is semi-casual.
5	Who woulda ever thought.............. vegetarian tacos can be so GoooooD!Im not vegetarian, but i love veggies. Besides my dish, the salsas and other dishes were great too! one of my girlfriends cant stand mexican food, but actually enjoyed the fish tostadas, another favorites of mine.I also bought a t-shirt from their little shop nearby, it was pretty soft. Thats a plus!
5	We came here for lunch and let me just say the margaritas are sweet nectar of the gods - wowowowooww!!!!!!  We came here after a long night of drinking and the Pomegranate Acai Margarita and the Classic Margarita with Patron were sooooo smooth, my hangover went away!  The food was great, I got some carne asada tacos which I really enjoyed.  Bartenders were so nice and friendly.
4	Ok, confession! So I only tried this place because it because it is me and my sisters intials...is that wrong?? (T n T) Sure some of my tipsy decisions are a bit off but I was dead on here so don't judge!T&T's was really, really tasty. It was a fun upbeat place to eat and everyone enjoyed their meals. They have a ton of different margaritas and all of them where great (ok the 3 I had where for sure)! The food prices where reasonable and on the weekends they have a dj!Check this place out if you want a bomb (TnT) meal!
5	Best damn tequila bar on the strip!!!  Beautiful people, great food, better drinks. I recommend the " SPICY LOVER!!!"
5	I still love this place! We had the coolest waitress (Kelly) when we went for lunch the other day.  The veggie tacos and quesadilla are still bomb and salsa to die for!
2	Review is based on a lunch, not the alcohol as I didn't have any.Initial impression was that the service was slow during lunch.  I ordered the Tortilla Soup and Taco Sampler.The soup is a bowl and not a cup.  It has a lot of chicken so you can have it alone for lunch and be full.  The flavor is not impressive but it's still good.  El Torito soup is much better than this.All three tacos in the sampler were dry and that sucked.  The flavors were weak.  The rice was properly done but the black beans were bland.All in all, better to just go to a Chipotle for *much much* better tacos.  Also a *good* El Torito location will also blow this place out of the water.Won't be eating here again.
2	I came here with some girlfriends and we were looking for a great place to kick off our first night in Vegas. The waiter was friendly and seemingly great. He brought us chips and salsa before we ordered, asked us if we liked guacamole and recommended it to us. He returned with our drinks and guacamole. Overall the dinner experience was great, until our bill came with a $10 guacamole charge. I was SO irritated. It's not about the $10 so much as it is about the fact that I got tricked in to buying $10 guacamole! Don't act like you're giving us something complimentary and then charge me for it. It was B.S. It wasn't just us either, by the time the tables on each side of us got their bills they were mad about the same thing.Aside from that, the food was okay. I'm picky about beans and these weren't my favorite, but I liked my tacos. The drinks weren't exceptionally strong or great especially for their price. But it's Vegas, what do you expect? I for one expect not to get tricked into $10 guac but that's just me.
3	Shredded chicken enchiladas were ok.  Chips and salsa (complimentary) were the best part of the meal.
1	I have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant in my life.  After calling and making a reservation for 20 people on a Sunday night, when we arrived they were not prepared.  Half the restaurant was empty, but they made it sound like they were doing US a huge favor by accommodating the large party.Service was very, very slow.  The overcharged us on the bill, and when we questioned them on it the manger came over and argued with us for over 10 minutes stating we were wrong.  The food was overpriced, small portion, and for mexian really didn't have much flavor.  Only redeeming aspect was their guacamole dip.The real kicker was once we were finally done, it took them over 45 minutes to run our credit cards after we figured out the bill.  We sat there waiting, after all the food was cleared, with no drinks while our waiter was in the back I guess doing something.  We only gave him 5 cards total, with very specific names and amounts so it should have been easy to follow.  What a mess, next time I'm in Vegas I'll make the walk to Mandalay Bay where there is some true Mexican!
5	Wow! This place was awesome! The food was great, the drinks were great and the service was good. The price is high but other than that it was great. I got the taco combo plate. Next time I'll get either all carnitas or all carne asada because their chicken tacos aren't great. The free chips and salsa tasted great! I plan to visit here again!
3	We ate here twice since we were staying upstairs, and it just wasn't as good as we wanted it to be. The taco sampler my husband ordered was the best meal overall, but the Taco Bell-like nachos and chopped salad disaster really bummed us out. Good thing we saw Jamie Lee Curtis later!
1	Never again! I travel a lot. I eat out a lot. I don't Yelp as much as I should... but when I left my dinner here, I knew I had to Yelp this!We were at BlogWord Expo and had dinner planned with friends and colleagues with a group of 15. We asked if seperate checks were doable (as anyone would with a large group) and she said yes. We sat down at the table and within minutes the waitress dropped glasses (not one but a few) of water over a friend and the glass shattered all over the floor. My friend was wet. Accidents happen... we get that. But how this was handled was bad. A simple sorry, to be followed by waiting in wet broken glass for 15 minutes until they took care of the situation. We brushed that off and ordered our drinks. 20 minutes later we received our drinks and no interest in taking our food order. We had to ask the manager to have our order taken. 10 more minutes later, they began to take our order. Each time we wanted another drink, we had to flag down the waitress. She never proactively checked in on us at all. We waited... waited... for another 45 minutes until food arrived. The food was ok. The margaritas were great! So great we asked for a larger glass for each serving. Each serving was in a 16 ounce-ish glass and the larger glass was more like 21 ounce. Not a double portion right? Remember this...We decided after 3 hours of this service, we decided its time to go. Asked for the check and they brought it out on one. We asked them prior if separate checks were ok. We asked for the manager... apparently their cash registers can not handle separate checks past 12 people. This took rocket science apparently so the waitress gathered several people and begun doing backroom calculus to divide the check. It had to be that complex, because we waited for another HOUR for the check. That had to have been hard math!The bills came finally... and those $12 margaritas asked to be in just a little larger glass came out to be $24 each! She didn't tell us she would charge double and not double the size for these drinks!The worst experience I have ever had! $150 for two people and this bad of service! We didn't even get a "I am sorry for the wait and service."Not once. For epic... I will Yelp. Epic being good and bad. In this case... epic fail.
1	Servers friendly, but service was slow.   Food was not worth eating.   Have had much better Mexican food elsewhere.
4	This place was great!! Located on the atrium level inside the Luxor Hotel and Casino. The atmosphere is trendy and relaxed, decorated in a minimalist style (I think that's because of all the activity that's going on around the restaurant). The only down side is that sometimes tons of people can be walking by, and a lot of them will look at you stuffing your face if you're not seated in a good spot. I went here with my mom while we were on a summer vacation getaway because it looked good in passing. We were seated right away, and the waitress came for our drink orders. I was upset that we weren't served chips and salsa right away like other tables. In fact, after I placed my order, my mom had to specifically ask for chips and salsa. It was like because she didn't order anything, they didn't want to give us any chips. When we did get them, they were delicious, as was the two types of salsa. I ordered the veggie tacos, and they were amazing! The peppers and the cheese blended really well together and it was just like a flavor explosion in my mouth. They were EXCELLENT! This is definitely one of my new favorite places to grab a quick bite whenever I'm in Vegas. If it wasn't for the chips and salsa mishap, I would have rated this place 5 stars (maybe nexttime). But other than that, it's a great place for a quick lunch or dinner by yourself or with a friend. If you have a larger party (4 or more) you should probably make a reservation if you can.
2	I've been here before but this is the first time I'm yelping about a recent dining experience (last night).It was late and we just wanted a bite to eat and since we happened to be at Luxor picking up tickets for a show for a friend .... T&T was convenient.Service: Slow and seemed like we were putting him out.  He didn't write down our order and had to repeat it to us 4 times coming back twice to verify.  All we ordered was veggie tacos and the combo tostado app.  It's not like it was complicated.Food: Chips and Salsa were awesome. Combo tostado was good and the right size for just wanting something small to eat.  The veggie taco plate was good... but the beans and rice were cold when they were served.  Tacos are small so if you're super hungry you won't get filled up on them.  But if you just need something small, these are perfect sized.Didn't have Margaritas this time but in the past they have been fantastic.Overall.... if I'm going here again.... I'm having the Margaritas and chips and salsa.
2	Went here with a party of six for a friend's birthday. We made it for happy hour and picked up coupons for a free margarita with purchase of an entree. That and three free shots for the birthday boy were the redeeming factors of this meal. I ordered the cheese enchiladas with sides of rice and black beans. Plating of the food was nice, but taste was mediocre. Plus, my meal was served nearly cold. Everyone else in my party seemed to think the food was good, though.
2	Food: 4/5Ambiance: 3/5Service: 1/5This was our first visit and our last. The food was just okay especially considering the price and better options in Vegas. The ambiance was good but they were blasting 60/70s American rock, not very Latin inspired. The service was atrocious. Our server, Angel was just horrible. I normally am very understanding & forgiving when it comes to food service but I saw no excuse for our lousy service. The restaurant had light traffic and there seem to have adequate staff for the night.
5	This place is very convenient if you are staying at the Luxor, which we were when we stopped in a couple of different times.  Both times the food was excellent.  The one thing I loved the most about this place was the chips and salsa.  The chips were to die for just perfect in their crunchiness and they went well with the salsa.The salsa was fairly mild, however, they left you many other sauces on the table that you could add to the salsa to your taste.  This was fun and you could experiment with how hot you wanted your salsa.The dinners were a decent size and not too big.  I never felt like I would have to take any back to the room (we had the luxury of having a refrigerator so that actually was an option).The atmosphere was nice just off the atrium level near the Bodies exhibit.  This used to be another type of Mexican food place some years back, which was good but this is ten times better.I'll stop back in again.
3	Service is OK.  Food is quite tasty, though a touch on the oily side.  We went on a Saturday for dinner and were happy to go back for Sunday lunch.  I plan on going back.
4	Great atmosphere, great food, great service.I had the veggie tacos, and my husband had the chile relleno.  Both were really good.   For dessert, we had the flight of three mini desserts... passionfruit tres leche cake, banana empanada with coconut sorbet, and brownie with cinnamon ice cream.  The first two were great, the last one was so-so, definitely too much cinnamon in the ice cream.
5	I took my 21 year old niece to Vegas. I purchased certificate for T&T (Tacos and Tequila) restaurant at www.restaurant.com. We decided to stop there before seeing Menopause. The restaurant is a stone's throw away from the box office for Menopause and Carrot Top (both shows were excellent!) The service was exceptional.  Fast service, tasty food, and friendly staff.  Great chicken burrito, tilapia tacos (Baja on menu and my first time having fish tacos), and margarita!  Oh, I must add....two days later, my niece and I decided to go back to T&T to celebrate her birthday and for our last nice meal before leaving our Vegas Trip. We also were eating again before a great show; this time it was to see Carrot Top.The chips and salsa were to die for and we wanted to buy some to take back to our hotel room.  During both visits, the waiter packed a few (with both salsas) in a Togo back at no charge!
4	We were a party of 8 on a Friday night so the wait was about 45 mins. Once we got seated the service was spot on and the waitress was very cute. We had some coupons from down stairs and it worked out good. I had the azule tacos, which were good. the servicing sizes were a little small. Our bills was I think 40 per person and that's with two drinks each. I will return if I'm not in a hurry and not the hungry. The wait staff is worth seeing.
1	Thanks to Restaurant.com for saving me 25 dollars here. I went here last night before the yelp twofer event with my boyfriend and parents. We got seated right away and looked over the menu with no help from the waiter. My parents shared the combo tacos, boyfriend had the chicken tacos, and i had veggie tacos. Our waiter took our order and gave us some water. We maybe waited for 15 minutes for our food and 5 minutes before it came out we got chips and salsa. Both the red and green salsa were not spicy whatsoever and I was disappointed that it took them so long to bring out that free little batch of them. Our order came and all four of us agreed all of our tacos were pretty bland. The rice and black beans were nothing to write home about. Out of the combo, chicken, and veggie tacos I can say that mine (veggie) had the most flavor and that isn't saying a lot considering they were mostly onions with a piece of zucchini in each. sad, sad taco makes for a sad, sad chastine. the prices were awfully overpriced for this food and the service was just lazy. I believe our waiter only came by once to fill our water and not even ask how our food was. He didn't even offer us a dessert menu and just charged us right as the plates were being taken away (and added on his own tip.)  Now i get that we had a certificate for 25 dollars but that is no excuse to be lousy with us. We are paying customers (and reviewing ones for that matter!) I have no idea how they have some good reviews. I know my family and I will not be returning.
5	Best Mexican food in Vegas! By far my favorite place! I'd go back in an instant! Fun waiters, good food, great environment!
2	The settings for TNT is really cool. We sat on the outside looking over the first floor of the casino. Service was good. However, the food was poor quality Mexican food. Taco chips were cheap and greasy. I had the cheese enchiladas. They were okay but tasted like they were warmed up in a microwave. I also had a margarita but honestly the drinks I had on the casino floor were better and for free. My boyfriend had a steak quesadilla. It was so greasy that it left a big pile of grease on the plate. Although I thought the place was okay he swears to never eat there again. We frequently eat Mexican food. I would not recommend this restaurant if you eat a lot of authentic Mexican food. It is not cheap either.
4	Went here with my boyfriend to start off my 21st birthday celebration in Vegas. We were staying at the Luxor, and they did give us a coupon but we didn't see it until later that night.Our server was incredibly nice, and extremely attentive. We were served warm chips and salsa. Both of the salsas were kind of weak, but maybe I'm used to salsa with more of a kick? We ordered guacamole for the chips and that was really good. I had the chicken tacos, which were very yummy - reminded me of the kind of tacos you can get for really cheap in LA. The boyfriend got chicken fajitas, and the chicken for that was even better than the chicken used for my tacos. For drinks, I had the watermelon cooler, which was nice - could hardly taste the alcohol. My boyfriend ordered the Pineapple Chipotle, which was okay but not as good as expected. He then had the Choke on Smoke, which, when they warn you that you can expect to grow chest hairs from it, they are NOT kidding. It was extremely strong, and definitely helped the boyfriend get from buzzed to full on drunk. Over all, it was pretty good food for being a Mexican restaurant in a Las Vegas hotel. Yes, it's over priced but then again, what ISN'T over priced in Vegas? The decor was pretty modern, the service was awesome and the food was above average. Would definitely go back again.
4	decided to come here because my friend and i received a coupon for a free margarita with the purchase of an entree. we were roaming around to kill some time before watching the lion king and needed a place to eat dinner anyway. we were seated right away. our server was really nice. the food is a bit pricey compared to other mexican places but it was good. i ordered the combo tacos which came with one chicken, carne, and carnitas taco. all of which were very tasty. my friend got the chicken burrito...also good. the margaritas were good and strong considering that they were free. i'd come back if i ever venture back to the luxor.
4	Great atmosphere. DJ, was good too. Food was average. But its hard to mess up Mexican grub...
3	This is an open restaurant and bar located in the shops at Luxor. They had some signature margaritas that were very fruity and didn't seem to contain much alcohol. It was definitely more of a bar-type atmosphere as there were several tables that had some very loud people at it that made it a little hard to enjoy being there.The wife and I both got the enchiladas, which were a little spicy and tasted all right. It seemed like not a lot of food for the price, which sucked. Service was good, though, which is always a plus in my book.
5	I came here with my husband for a quick bite to eat before seeing the Fantasy Show. I personally wanted Chinese food but after eating here I didn't regret it because the food was delicious! The service was a little slow at first but as soon as we let the waiter know that we are under a time constraint the food came out within like five minutes. They first served the free chips and salsa and then our dishes. My husband had the Beef Barbacoa Enchiladas ($18.00) . Since he was getting them I wanted to order something different. I wish I didn't because it was really good and that's coming from a girl who doesn't really eat Enchiladas. The beef was tender and the sauce had this sweet taste to it. I had the taco combo ($17.00) that came with Chicken, Carne Asada, and Carnitas. The meat was really tender and tasted fabulous with lime spritzed on them. The meals come with black beans and rice. I just opted for the rice which was also good it was nice and fluffy and not too salty. If you like tequila.... girls come around and pour it in your mouth. Kinda like they do if you ever went to a bar in Tijuana but minus the girls blowing on whistles while you do it. I didn't do it because I don't like tequila but my husband did. I don't think they charge for it because we didn't see it on our bill.
3	I actually really loved the margaritas and beef enchiladas here.  The margs were unique and had a kick and the enchiladas were actually incredibly flavorful and had some spice without being hot.  What I didn't like about T&T was the atmosphere.  It sits in the dungeon that is Luxor. Its dark, really dark.  Plus since it is open air so it lets in all the noises from outside.  Its a restaurant ont he strip so expect small portions with a big price tag, but it is tasty!
3	The tacos were A-OK. Nothing to write home about, but decent none-the-less. Great selection of tequila, although the word "tequila" is in the namesake so you'd expect that. My girlfriend had one of the fancy pants mixed drinks, but it was horrible and the waiter asked if she wanted another one, so good on them. Oh, the chips they give you when you sit down are de-li-cious.
4	Good place to come eat a low key meal at the Luxor.  The service was good with a dj playing (@8pm) but the open air atmosphere is not for everyone.  The food was very good, although the portions were a bit small.  Only bottled beer and the tequilla is very overpriced.  Don't make this a destination, make it a place to eat before you go out!
2	Valentines 2/14/11Originally have been here for a margarita before, but ended up finding a gold mine instead. The drinks were not good and over priced. Have not tried the food but would stick with Hussongs down the hall before trying the food here.The one thing I do stop by this place for is their photo booth. $5 for 12 photos that instantly print out to keep. Great for a quick 5 minutes of fun with your group or date.
5	Food. Is. Bomb!  Must have! Pix added
4	First meal after arriving in Vegas.  I had a most excellent burrito.  All the ingredients were fresh, and the spices and sauces were just right.  The burrito came with rice and beans, like most places.  These were good, although not spectacular.  I believe, however, that it would take a lot to make rice and beans above average!  I also had a pomegranate margarita -- delicious!  Hubby had the carnitas entree, which he loved.  A little spendy for Mexican, but you have to spend more than you're used to in Vegas for just about everything -- especially if you want something good.  T&T has a terrific bar with many many types of tequila.  It looks like a good place to hang out with friends and down a few shots.  Speaking of which, they have tequila flights so you can sample a few and decide what you like!  My only complaint about T&T was the service.  Our waiter, although friendly, was not very attentive.  We had to ask a couple times for our chips and salsa.  Our entrees came out very quickly, though.
2	Service could not have been worse. Totally rude waitress, ridiculously long wait for food and our bill. The food was not bad though, and the location inside the hotel and atmosphere were cool, so a few stars for that!
3	I've been here a couple of times now (once for Sunday brunch and once for dinner at the bar) and I have yet to be impressed. The food is ok, some of it even tasty, but I wouldn't come back without some sort of reason (i.e. free drinks, restaurant.com gift certificate, etc.).The best thing here is the margaritas. They do some really great margaritas with some really interesting flavors (ex. pineapple chipolte).The salsas are good, but they're no different from some of the other Strip Mexican restaurants. And the chips are too greasy for me to enjoy.The meat in the various offerings (tacos, enchiladas, etc.) has good flavor, but always seems too tough. And the tortillas are definitely not handmade or fresh.The best thing I've had here (other than the margaritas) is the pork tacos with pineapple, onions, and cilantro. It was a delicious and interesting flavor combination.The service, both times I was here, was slow, spotty, and not exactly friendly.Bottom line: it's alright, but not worth a special trip.
2	Just like any Mexican food place, free chips and salsa are included. The chips are by far the best I've had. Be prepared to open up your wallet here and still be hungry. You will pay $15 for three tacos, which are not average size tacos, there small tacos that fit in your hand. You pay for the experience and convenience here, not the food. We paid $50 for 2 taco plates, 1 Negro modelo, and 1 mixed margarita. Not a bargain.The food taste great though, so it's ultimately up to you.
2	The best thing about this place?  The DJ.  Seriously, she's super, plays great old school hip hop, and gives the place a party atmosphere.  The emcee is also fun, and gives out free shots from time to time.The service is pretty bad, though, and both the tacos and margaritas are mediocre.  The nachos, however, were pretty tasty.  It's fine if you happen to be at Luxor and need someplace to eat, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	I must say that this may have been the best Mexican food I have eaten, and I eat a lot of Mexican food.The restaurant is on an elevated section in the center of the Luxor pyramid, giving it an interesting atmosphere amplified by the excellent mariachi band.We visited at lunchtime on Sunday, which just happens to be 2-for-1 margarita time.  The margaritas were excellent - on the rocks, and made with fresh lime juice.  The tequila was evident and tasty.We started, as one does at a Mexican restaurant, with tortilla chips and salsa.  There was a red and a green salsa and both were great.I usually get the fajitas when I visit a new Mexican restaurant, but I saw a plate at the next table that looked too delicious and filling to skip, so I ordered it.  It was the most amazing pulled beef burrito.  The meat just melted in the mouth.The rest of my party tried the steak fajitas, huevos rancheros, and a pork dish (of which I don't remember the name).  All were amazing. While pricier than I'm used to, for Mexican food, by Las Vegas strip standards, the prices weren't bad at all.I highly recommend T&T (Tacos & Tequila).
3	Service was efficient and friendly and the recommendations were pretty good. It was generally agreed that it was corporate mexican food trying really hard not to be corporate mexican food. Not bad but not great.The tequila list is good, if a bit overpriced. The most noteworthy menu item for me was the margarita made with mescal instead of tequila. It definitely had a nice smokey flavor as advertised, but for $12 I like my margaritas to have 3-4 times more booze in them than this one had. Maybe it's just me....Anyone who thinks this is the best mexican food ever either has not eaten a lot of mexican food, or helped themselves a little too much to the 2 for 1 margaritas.
3	My boyfriend & I arrived in Las Vegas around 12pm. Didn't get to the strip and check into our hotel until 1ish. We were starving since we didn't eat a very big breakfast. So we walked over the luxor/excalibur to explore since we were staying at the mandalay bay. We saw T&T and it sounded pretty good at a decent price. We wanted to get some food in our system before we started drinking. They gave you complimentary salsa/chips while ordering food. I got two tacos with rice/beans for $15. Not bad. I think they have some deals going for dinner at this restaurant as well. The food came fairly quickly and I got pretty big portions. I was pretty much full and stuffed by the end of my meal!The waitress was very friendly and was checking up on our table to make sure if we needed anything.I'm fan of this restaurant but not the luxor. I'm not quite sure if I'd be back. It's a good place to try but it wasn't enough for me to come back for more.
5	Bomb ass carne asada tacos....the best ive had...
4	As my wife always does... She asked the server "What would you order?"  He recommended the fish tacos and claimed they were the best in town.  When someone makes a claim like that I must try them.  I was not disappointed and they are some of the best fish tacos I have eaten.  The only complaint I have is that the tacos were small.
3	very nice mexican food, perhaps smaller then i like portions, but very tasty, beautiful plated and felt very authenticover paid for our sangria pitcher at $25 that felt very much water down and  didnt have the proper kicki had a combo plate to try 3 different things, taco, enchilada and corn rap thing i forget its name. all were very tasty.my wife had chicken faitas that was ok (we get a much better one at home to be honest). both dishes came with rice, black beans.they also give you some fry tortillas and two home made salsa sauces that are to die for.....one a little hot and the other very burned char flavor....all in all a  very nice dinner, wrong choice of alcohol (beers was probably the way to go here) and a bill that come up to $75 after tax and tip.....
2	The food is good, well prepared and very well presented.  The atmosphere is like eating inside a disco coliseum with the giant ceiling of the Luxor overhead and the house beats throbbing.  The service is attentive and neat.  The speed at which the food arrives is very good...which brings me to my main problem with this place.I have lived in San Diego for a Loooong time and traditional Mexican food is a standard part of my diet.  The same core ingredients (in the correct proportions) make up the majority of the menu at virtually every Mexican food joint.  Good beans.  Nice rice.  Slow cooked Pork, Chicken, and Beef.  Add a few sauces, salsas, cheeses and tortillas and you just covered the entire menu...which is why your food comes out fast.  So when you tell me three street style tacos cost $17, you already lost me.Are they good tacos?  Yes.  Are they magic tacos?  No.Will the beans grow a magic beanstalk? Not to my knowledge.Is paying $20 for $9 plate of food a good bet?  I'll leave that for you to decide.  After all, this is Vegas.
4	Shared some fajitas with my wife at the T&T in the Luxor. Food was excellent and the salsa for the chips was top notch. The only reason I'm holding back on the 5 is because I can only base the review on one entre.  Mexican band and signer is another cool feature.
3	Is it expensive? Yes. Is the food tasty? It's good enough. I went here a couple of times during my stay in Vegas a while back. The tacos are not the best I've ever had, but the quesadilla was pretty good. The dishes are well presented and the service was prompt. I recommend the Blueberry Smash cocktail, especially before boarding that plane out of Vegas.
2	This place made me so sad. I ordered combo tostadas expecting a giant platter of tostada goodness and it was just like in those skits where they stereotype fancy restaurants, giant plate, tiny food. Three setups on a tortilla chip, crab, chicken, and I forgot what the other one was because I ate it in one bite. Don't get me wrong, it was a damn good bite, but for $14, not worth it. They did serve chips, and the sauces were ok. The server was friendly and polite. My friend ordered a margarita, I tried it, at least they don't skimp on the tequila.I also don't understand the poster ad coming into the Luxor for T&T, it had an attractive, scantily clad female on it, but there were actually no female staff from what I could discern. Not that I came in for that, but that brings me to my next point, why did you name the place Tacos and Tequila? You expect to stuff your face full of tacos and get really drunk with a name like that, and all you will actually be able to afford is a shot and three tortilla chips! Unlike Carrot Top, not worth the trip...
4	Enjoyed a late Cinco De Mayo dinner with margaritas.  We missed Eric Estrada, but saw Tamara (Orange county show?) and her friends dancing on the bar.  Also the half pint wrestlers from the Jacksass movies were hosting with some rowdy fun.  The whole scene would have made a great scene for a Hangover movie.   Food was decent also.  Tasty and quick.
3	The food is OK. The place was a little noisy. If you are in the Luxor and have a craving for some Tex Mex, this would be a decent choice. However, this is not my favorite place for Tex Mex in Vegas. For that, I would suggest you check out Dos Caminos at The Venetian or The Pink Taco at The Hard Rock.
2	Love your food. HATE your happy hour?? What happy hour really. My girlfriend and I were visiting recently and we were so excited to grab a special which happened to be, insultingly enough "cougarita" the night we were there. NOT FUNNY. I was celebrating my 40th and not remotely in the mood to be classified as a "cougar". Plus the "Cougarita" was disgusting!! I asked, and they had no other specials available. Booo!
4	Is this some of the best Mexican food I have ever had? It sure as hell is. Went with a large group and they seated us in a pretty timely matter. I ordered the beef barbacoa enchiladas and it was delicious! Everything tasted fresh and not processed. The chips and salsa were also very good. I had the signature house margarita and it was probably one of the best margaritas I have ever had. But was it worth the $12 price tag? I'm not so sure about that one. Like most Vegas restaurants on the strip this place is extremely overpriced. Even if the food is great it's still not worth $18 for the moderate portions you get. And the drink is sure as hell not worth $12. Even though I liked the margarita I had 2 and barely had a buzz. I'm a lightweight so obviously there was not a lot of alcohol  in them. So a star taken off for that and for the obnoxious girl walking around on the mic bugging people.
4	Needed a quick bite before a show in the Luxor. Food was five star for sure. Amazing falafal taco, tuna tostada, and chips to die for. Got four stars because the bartender was a pain. We craved these tacos all week. Fast service (we had a show in 20 minutes) and amazing ambiance. Great choice.
4	The atmosphere at T&T is awesome. The servers are amazing, friendly, and eager to please! There is a full service bar and the tenders are talented and generous! With FREE chips and some of the best salsa on the strip you are just getting started. Quickly you will notice that for a Vegas Strip restaurant the prices are great! Between $10-$30 for appetizers to main dishes and they offer select combos so you can have an orgy of flavor on your pallet. The cooks are phenomenal whipping your meal up in a timely manner. Either way it wouldn't matter because the food presentation is like art. So well done you will want to snap a picture and frame it when you get home! You will love this place from the second you arrive. Especially if the mariachi band is there playing the hottest hits from the '80's. CHEERS!
5	I LOVE TACOS AND TEQUILA!!!! If there is one restaurant we tried in Vegas this past trip that we both won't shut up about and we keep telling our friends now heading out to Vegas that they have to try - we're always talking about T&T. I'm seriously in love with this place and I wish there was one closer but since there isn't one closer I can only wait until my next trip out. Service was good, food was amazing and we shared a Conga (margarita with 2 upside down Coronas in it) which was definitely a showstopper. I ordered the pollo tacos which came with marinated chicken, cilantro, onion, lime and salsa on a corn tortilla and the boyfriend ordered the baja tacos which came with beer battered tilapia fish, chipotle slaw, pica de gallo on a corn tortilla. These were AMAZING!! I couldn't get enough - I wanted to order more but I didn't want to be an extreme fat ass haha The meal comes with three tacos, rice and black beans. The chicken was extremely juicy and the tilapia was fried to perfection - I think my chicken tacos were better but of course the boyfriend thinks his fish tacos were better. Our server was very friendly, quick and made sure we were happy the whole time we were there. They don't actually serve the Conga in the restaurant but it's made right across the walkway at one of those stands and the server went over and grabbed us one. He took our order and 5 minutes later our food was out which was great because we had to make it to The Lion King show in Mandalay Bay. He checked in on us to make sure we were doing good and he brought the check out promptly when he seen we were finished and ready to head out. I LOVE TACOS AND TEQUILA!!!!
3	We had a gift certificate for T&T so my husband and I tried it out for dinner. The first thing we noticed when we walked in is there where no booths, only tables. So we had to sit at a table putting the lady next to me closer to me than my husband, making conversations very hard. The food was awesome, except for the salsa. The salsa was very boring. The chips were very good though. Our waiter was not the best and it took forever to get our credit card back after we paid. BUT THE FOOD WAS VERY GOOD. This place is worth a shot if you haven't had it before. But we definitely wouldn't make it our go to place.
4	Good food, great margaritas and good service!  A little pricey for Mexican food but then again you are in Vegas! Good carne asada!
4	Surprisingly good Mexican food.  I thought it was going to be total white-washed Mexican, but it turned out to be more authentic than expected (not real authentic, though).I've since been here a few times.  Everything I've tried has been very good.I'd say the tacos are bit on the small side (not enough to fill me up), but the burrito size is good.The atmosphere is pretty cool.They have a travelling 3 piece band that walks around the restaurant and takes requests...everything from Spanish songs to Lady Gaga.The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I think it's a bit pricey.  It's not going to break your bank, but it could be a little bit cheaper.Make sure to get the restaurant.com gift certificate to save a few bucks.
3	This will be a very mixed review.Excellent: Chips and salsas. Yum. STRONG margaritas (I passed out so hard afterwards at the chairs outside Starbucks that my wife couldn't wake me up for like 20 minutes...at lunchtime). Nice server lady who came to ask us (4 Asians) how we knew what mole sauce was and was all impressed we had been to Mexico, etc. Oh and good mole sauce. Nice mariachi band.Not so good: We kind of got deceived into thinking we were ordering 2 for 1 margaritas for $12. She brought it in 4 glasses since there were 4 of us (though we thought we had only ordered 2) so we thought she had split it for us on purpose. Turned out she charged us $24 for 4 margaritas. That sucked. (but like I said it was a good margarita). Though our server lady was pretty nice, the manager was not. Also, in general, the price was a bit painful. Plus, ambience in the Luxor is...well dark and cold...kind of like how dead Egyptian pharaohs would like it....not how chipper Mexican cantinas generally are.I would come back to just have a margarita (ONE and only ONE) and those chips and salsa though.
3	It was okay. Didn't make the impression on me that I expected. Considering it's in Luxor I expected it to be a bit nicer I guess. We were there for "Cougar Night" and it was not an exciting event by any means.
2	I wasn't very impressed with this place.  Don't get me wrong, the margaritas were great...it was everything else that wasn't worth it.  My husband and I went for dinner.  We were seated immediately, but the waitress took forever to greet us and get us our waters.  My husbands water was constantly empty and the waitress was no where in sight.  The food was okay, but the portions are very small.  Not at all worth the money.  Loved the decor in the restaraunt and the tequila selection, but everything else was a let down.
1	This place was terrible. I would give it -1 star if i could but i guess this 1 star would be for the only thing that was good, the tortilla soup. The chicken enchiladas were nasty and OVERPRICED. 3 people in my party ordered them and we all hated them. The spanish rice was not authentic spanish rice, dont know what it was but it was hard. The "refried beans" were not authentic either. The food was cold. The waiter took a while to bring our order, about an hr, and our check.
3	Completely over priced, the food is just mediocre, except for the guacamole which is fresh and delicious. Great variety of Mixed drinks, try the pomegranate margarita.
1	Way overpriced! My husband paid $7 for one Pacifico! Yikes!! The guacamole and chips were ok, but the one star is becasue my husband was sick all night after having their steak tacos.
2	Overpriced chevy's.
4	The food is delicious, very good service but the music was horrid! Distracting and just ewww.I Ordered chicken tamales for the appetizer. They were so yummy. I would love some right about now! The sliced avacado garnishes added a delicious rich taste. My main dish was Chicken Sabana . The best part for me was no flour tortilla. It looked like a gigantic stuffed tortilla but the outter part of the dish was actually a very thinly sliced chicken breast used as a "tortilla". The inside stuffed with grilled veggies. Delicious and perfect for someone not looking for too much carbs. The side of rice was good but I was more into the main dish ... I ended up forgetting about the side of rice.Oh and they offer every table fresh tortilla chips and freshly made salsa/sauces. Pretty cool.Fresh tasting food. The decor is fresh, nice and cool. The music SUCKS! It like old uncool, never heard of rock. Yuck. So I give it 4 stars... not 5.
2	If I was in search of Mexican food, this would not be where I would go.  You are eating Mexican food in the middle of a casino next to the Carrot Top Theater- You just can't expect anything authentic.  We only ended up at this restaurant as a stop between the Carrot Top show and the club downstairs.  It was about 11pm and we just needed food and didn't really care about quality.  The prices are to be expected- a little higher than you would like.  We had a quesadilla and tacos, which are probably about the same quality as what you get at a Don Pablo's.  What I missed was free chips and salsa!  This is Mexican- they should come standard!Also, our service totally stank!  We say at the bar so we could watch the TVs.  It wasn't very busy (being that it was 11pm).  The bartender only came over to us to take our order and then we had to flag her down to get our check.  She didn't check on us once throughout the meal.  So, if you like Americanized Mexican, go for it.  Hope you have a better waitress than us.
2	Over priced!  If you were looking for the happy hour specials, good luck! You'd better have that menu memorized or your going to walk away spending $60 on 3 mini tacos and an enchilada with drinks. Not cool!
3	The lady bartender didn't smile or say "hello".   She took forever to bringthe appetizer nachos and didn't acknowledge that.  She forgot to give ussilverware and napkins...had to ask for them.  She asked what we wanted to drink but not if we were eating.  It was "HAPPY HOUR" at the bar and she wasn't that busy.
4	Food is great, atmosphere is great.   The only thing keeping them from getting the fifth star is the service was slow and the chips were really greasy.
4	Overall, I liked the food and my Mexican craving was satisfied. The fresh peach margarita was really yummy and I appreciated the free chips and salsa. Our server was really friendly and kept the drinks coming. I was okay with the music, but it was really loud. It was loud enough that I could barely hear my sister across the table. They had a DJ and an MC that gave out free shots of tequila to people who were celebrating things. It wasn't cheap for sure, but I thought the prices were reasonable for Las Vegas (more expensive than your hometown, but not ridiculous). I would come back.
1	This is where size 0 models come to eat.I came here for a friends birthday because he really likes the Alambre Tacos (grilled skirt steak, bacon, Oaxaca cheese & chile poblano) which we all ordered because he said it was really great. For $16 you get 3 mini tacos = 1.5 normal tacos, side of rice (dry and oily), black beans (bland and they don't spend the 2 cents to put cheese on top). Not a hearty traditional Mexican meal by any stretch of the imagination. Thank god we ordered the $10 quacamole to go with our chips (which were really good!) or we still would've been hungry. Our server was high or something- he didn't pay attention to us and constantly forgot things. I ordered a Mango Ginger Margarita five minutes later our meal came and 20 minutes later my drink came- when we were done eating- seriously? Then he hands it to my friend cause it had been so long he forgot who ordered it. I told him I changed my mind (because I wanted it with my meal) and he didn't offer to comp me the drink or apologize for how long it took. Lame- cuz the drink sounded good.So if you wanna blow $120 on meager hit and miss food for 4 people including 1 margarita, 1 beer, and 1 iced tea you are in the right place at T & T, OR, you can pay me and I'll make you a Mexican banquet included 4 margaritas for $120. I'll even bring your drinks so you can have them WITH your food!Had the service been good though- the loud techno music, and pricey food wouldn't have been as big of a deal at all.
3	We stopped here to get a few appetizers before seeing a show at Luxor. The lady behind the bar was aware that we were in a rush and recommended which appetizers were faster to make so we could just hurry up and eat. Our food came out quickly! I had a few nachos and there were very delicious. I do recommend making a reservation of you have a larger group. There were 6 of us and we had to squish in at the bar. Overall I though the ambiance was nice and there was a little photo booth in the front of the restaurant. I also had a very drinks here and the bartender was nice enough to poor mine in a plastic cup so I could take it to go. I would like to come back when I'm not in a hurry and try some other items.
3	Everything about this place was mediocre. The service was friendly enough but not overly here to service you attitude. We arrived for lunch and the whole restaurant had maybe two tables and the hostess still told us it would be a 10 minute wait. Then we asked her if we would have to wait if we just ate at the bar and she said no, so we went to the bar. I asked the bartender what was good and she recommended the shrimp quesadillas , so I ordered that and a Strawberry Agave Margarita which was very sour but I liked it. On the menu it says its made with fresh ingredients. Once we got our drink that's when the waiting began, it was probably a half an hour later that our food arrived. So thank goodness for the complimentary chips and salsa. I can't say I was a huge fan of the salsa but I'm glad they had something while we waited for the food. The Shrimp quesadillas were good. but lacked ingredient especially for the price. We had also ordered a chicken fajitas but it was bland and I was not impressed! They had very cute dishware though and again not a lot of food for the price. Overall I wasn't hangover nor was I getting tanked, so this place just didn't hit the spot for me. I might go back if it was a different occasion , but I doubt it.
3	Great chips and salsa.  I had a Mojito and the Shrimp Ceviche.  2 Words:  Very Pricey.  The atmosphere was great.  It's a great place to go if you're staying in the Luxor, but not a place to go out of your way to visit.
4	Ate here last week for the first time and was surprised.  I had the pulled pork tacos and they were some of the best I've had.  Very similar vibe to Pink Taco here in Century City.  The prices were a bit high, but not too bad for being in Vegas.  The service was ok, not great.  I was really impressed with the taste of the food.  The others with me ordered different meals and everyone was very pleased with their plate.  I will definitely come here again.
1	Not sure why you would charge $12 for nachos that were something I could have made at home. $12 Margaritas and $10 Beers; total Vegas touristy thing to try. Bartender and Hostess had personalities of a WET MOP! Why should I stay and pay $12 for a drink when I can go too one of there bars and pay half the price and get better service. I will not come here again!
5	My wife and I have been here several times using the restaurant.com. Each time is better than the last. This time I don't think I could have avoided writing a mediocre review. I was just so impressed by the professionalism, and food that this review was unavoidable. I had a Beef Barbacoa Burrito ($18), chips salsa and guacamole. Susan had fish tacos and corn on the cob (I forgot the price). The final amount amount was $70 minus the $35 for the certificate = $35 for the both us. The reason I said this was unavoidable was because at one time my drink was almost empty, Susan was empty. I turned around to look for the waiter. I looked up there he was with two drinks. He must have been reading my mind. On top of it all I didn't have to fight them to get the check. Very smooth process, Great service, Great Food!
1	One of the worst Happy Hours in Vegas...or anywhere for that matter! We were tempted by this HH because it starts at 2:00pm and we had some time to kill waiting for friends to arrive in town. The bartender was pleasant enough. The $5 drink menu is very limited...sangria, shots of Jose, beer, well drinks (What Mexican restaurant HH does not include a HH margarita??? Apparently only this one...LAME!) The $5 food menu is also pretty limited. While we were deciding what to order we munched on some chips and salsa. We ordered the hot wings, nachos and two rum and cokes, because I don't do shots of Jose and THERE WAS NO HH MARGARITA...super lame. The drinks were small but the chips and salsa are really good. Here is the lowdown on the food:Hot Wings $5 - 3 sad little breaded wings. They looked and tasted like standard frozen industrial wings from Costco. Did I mention there were only 3 wings...for $5??? WTF?Nachos $5 - Ugh..how can you ruin nachos? A very small bowl of chips, covered in a tasteless black bean paste (I will let you use your imagination about what this dark, black paste looked like) and an orange substance that tasted like cheese in a can. The topping was sparse and only covered the top layer of chips, which I guess is a good thing because it was vile. I have honestly had better nachos from AM/PM. These were borderline disgusting and after two chips I had to stop eating them.This happy hour failed to make me happy, and actually made me a little sad and angry. HH FAIL!!!AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!
5	Freaking amazing. That's it. Service was the best I've had in Vegas (including the stuffy expensive places), the food was DELICIOUS, music was great. I loved it all.
1	Not good. Ordered the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. Rice was undercooked, green sauce too sweet and the salsa? I have always said you know how good a cantina or mexi place is by their salsa...I should have gone with that after the first bite but no! My friend ordered the mahi mahi and our server started talking about how she swam along side one in Hawaii and now felt compassion for them....(the sound of tires screeching) wait what? Wrong thing to say to a customer. She didn't know any better she was just trying to make convo but hey, there is somethin to be said about thinking before you speak. Anyway, this place is Straight up yuck... too smoky, too sweet. I know that they're goin for a southwest vibe but it just didn't cut the mustard.
5	Holy yum, they have the best happy hour EVER. We enjoyed nachos covered in everything good, guacamole, tortilla chips sugared and salted to perfection and 2 well drinks for $20. Yes, that's right, $20. Our bartender had to cover someone's shift/stay later -- lucky for us though! Seriously the best food and customer service we had at the Luxor or anywhere on the strip. He kept our food and beverages coming quickly with a genuine smile and checked back with us to make sure we were set. (I didn't catch his name, but he was on Happy Hour shift September 9th.) Give the man a raise please and clone him repeatedly.
4	Excellent food & drinks! Reasonable pricing by Vegas standards. Enjoyed a quick sit down meal before catching a show in the Luxor. Server Andy was fantastic as well. Eat here, you won't be disappointed.
2	If you like REAL Mexican, this is not the place for you.  The food is low quality and not that good.  We went with a group of people and the only people that liked the food were people that were not used to eating Mexican.  Also, the service was not up to par.
4	We were at the Luxor this weekend and the first thing I would see when we stepped out of our room was T&T so we decided to go there. It was excellent. The chips and salsa were awesome. I ordered a combo with a chicken enchilada, a chile relleno, and a barbacoa taco and my husband ordered the carnitas plate. There didn't seem to be much food on the plates like we are used to seeing but everything was delicious and it was actually plenty of food. My taco was to die for and he said it was some of the best carnitas he has had. My only complaint is it is pricey, but that's Vegas for you.
3	My wife wanted to go to the Bodies exhibit next door to T&T and I decided to come here for a drink or two.  They had an early happy hour that started at 2:00PM which was a plus.  They had $5 Dos Equis, $5 well drinks and $5 HH appetizers.One thing that they didn't have on HH was margaritas.  I asked the bartender about this and in a nice condescending tone she stated that they only have the highest quality tequilas and they can't waste any of it in some cheap margaritas.  I looked at the HH menu and they had $5 Jose Cuervo shots.  Couldn't you make them with Jose Cuervo since when I last checked Cuervo was an inexpensive tequila.  Go figure.The food wasn't bad, had the nachos that were topped with melted cheese, black beans and jalepenos.
2	I love my Mexican food but I don't love overpriced Mexican food. Recently on a Vegas trip with some girl friends, we stayed at the Luxor. As we were still recovering from the night before, we decided to make dinner easy and just head downstairs to T&T. I understand that we were on The Strip in Vegas but $13 (before tax and tip) for a chicken quesadilla is pretty ridiculous. There was nothing special about it and I only ate about half before I couldn't choke down any more cheese.The chips and salsa were slightly better but I would have preferred a traditional red salsa instead of the green salsa and the chipotle (I think?) salsa. I'll save a few bucks and pass on T&T in the future.
2	Why thank you Luxor, I would love to have 2 for 1 Dos Equis!Why thank you bartender, for getting our two tasty beers!  Can you tell me how much it would be for just one of these for after our coupon beers are done?  I'm sorry, what?  You can't have said $7 for a Dos Equis, I surely misheard as we both know that I could buy a full six pack for that, and that's one hell of an up-charge even for Vegas.  Oh....that is what you said.  Whelp, I guess we're out of here and we'll see you back at happy hour when you have $5 sangria.
4	Lemme just tell yall something right de phug now: I'M IN LUST WITH THIS PLACE! If the prices weren't a bit steep then this feeling would transition into love but hey, it's Vegas & the food makes me warm on my inside parts so my motto for the place? Treat yaself dont cheat yaself!I don't care where I'm staying in Vegas, I come here to eat once every visit. There's parking all around for free in surrounding hotels so suck it up, put some comfy shoes on and make your way to this spot located on Luxor's second level.I'm from Baltimore so pay very close attention to the next few words: GET THE CRAB TOSTADAS! They do so much justice to my favorite crustacean on this appetizer, I'm trying not salivate over my space bar right now.  They've boosted up their menu selections but the fajitas are still a fave of mines. I also love how they give a variety in salsas with your chips!The bar has a VERY nice variety. I mean they were one of the first bars I saw to have Castries Peanut Rum Creme liquer (never had it? get with it) and this was before I even saw it in liquor stores on the East coast (it's bottled in Bowie, Maryland). Again, the price of their full bar will get to ya pockets a little bit but make the best of it by getting a mixed drink if you were planning to hit the tables later. The margaritas never seem to disappoint! oh and also, they have TVs on both side of the bar for your sports watching entertainment!
3	Love their grill corn on the cob really the closest to Mexican style I've had here I keep coming to this place just for it. My husband really enjoys their tortilla soup. Sometimes we come and we are not impressed but for the most part I do recommend this place. I remember having a really good breakfast here before w chilaquiles and eggs I think on a Sunday brunch;)
3	Went here before a show with my family, and the food was just alright.The atmosphere was very loud, but the music was kind of neat. All of the songs were mashups of two different songs combined, which was a lot of fun for a music lover like me. The drinks were good. I had a peach one and my mom had a watermelon one and both were very tasty. The chipotle salsa thing was awesome. It made the chips taste like a BBQ chip, but my salad was a little bit overkill. The ceasar salad was VERY garlic-y. I love pretty much anything garlic, but this was almost spicy it was so garlic-y. Luckily for me I was just with family and not on a date, and had some mint gum with me, but unless you are garlic obsessed, don't order the ceasar. The menu was pretty limited, and didn't really have anything I would have normally ordered from a Mexican restaurant, but if you're just going there to drink, you've come to the right place.
5	While the prices are a bit steep it is worth it! I bought a $100 off $200 restaurant.com coupon and 6 of us ate dinner. Our total with gratuity and after the $100 off was still 168. No let me add that we drank A LOT! The service was amazing and the food was too! It was ver worth it!
4	This place continues to be tasty.  This time we had a Restaurant.com coupon for $25.  The problem with it you had to buy $50 worth of food in order to use it.  Well, for two of us that was a lot of food.  We ordered a pitcher of margaritas.  That was $45 and it alcohol is not included in the coupon.  The margaritas were good but way too sugary.  So, I kind of felt sick after drinking them.  The food was tasty as always and the chips and salsa good again just as described in my prior review.We ended up getting an appetizer and dessert to round out the entree for the $50 charges.  We took the dessert back to the room and had it later.  I guess this was totally worth it as this was all we had for lunch and dinner was this meal.  So, all in all it was worth it.  However, next time I would recommend if you have one of those coupons take more people with you.I'll be back again.
3	A good place to stop on the Strip for dinner, a snack or just a drink.  The prices are a little steep (even by Strip standards) so take advantage of coupons or HH specials.The place is aptly named, as they seem to specialize in the two "T"s.  The tacos are quite competent and their guacamole is an addictive substance.  However, I wasn't overly impressed by their cadillac margarita...at $45 a pitcher I expected something more than syrupy sweetness with a hint of lime and--I *believe* there was some tequila in there somewhere.  Next time I'll get a tequila flight...it's pretty hard to water down straight tequila...right?Now for a bit of a rant:  the first time we came here (2009) they were cranking classic rock through the speakers.  Solid.  The second time (last week) they were cranking the CLUB MIXES of classic rock hits.  Sorry, but I'd rather swill tequila to a tape of dogs barking incessantly than to "Riders on the storm"...oomp tsss oomp tsss oomp tsss oomp tsss..."riders on the storm"...oomp tsss oomp tsss...
3	Hubby and I came here with friends. We had been exploring Luxor with them and wanted food so T&T was suggested.There is a great amount of options on the menu and we had difficulty in deciding just what to eat. It seems though that whatever you order is great as we all loved the food. The food was a solid 5 stars!HOWEVER, the service. 2 stars. I had asked about the virgin margaritas, the waiter was snarky as he had supposedly read them out to someone else on the table. Had I heard him I wouldnt have asked. If hubby and I had been here alone then we would have told him to forget it and gone elsewhere seeing as his attitude was terrible. It seemed he just didnt want to be there at all. Not great for the restaurant at all.If the service had been good then I think I would have been in a better position to give a great review opposed to just an ok.
1	The young lady out front, seated us immediately, she was great! But once we got in, it took the man about 10 minutes to even acknowledge us. Once he did and asked for our ID and basically offended my friend because her ID hair was dark brown, and she'd recently went to light brown! We ordered the happy hour nachos, wings, guacamole, and quesadillas. The guacamole was fantastic. They do give chips and salsa as a courteousy, but the salsa was only so so. They gave me 3 chicken wings! I mean i understand it's the happy hour menu, but 3 wings is just wrong! The nachos were TERRIBLE!!!! The chese tasted like powdered chese, i immediately spit it in my napkin. The waiter saw the whole thing of nachos still on the table and he didnt even ask if everything was alright. He never checked on us, and i NEVER got the salt that i asked for when he brought the chips and salsa. The waitress that was assisting nearby tables wouldnt even look our way. You could tell it was one of those restaurants where they only help their assigned tables. For about 10 minutes we waited for our waiter, then for another 5 minutes we were just waiting to see any staff so we could get our bill. We finally waived down the hostess who had to go get our waiter. Needlesss to say, i did not leave a tip, no one in that restaurant deserved one, accept the hostess actually!! WILL NEVER GO BACK, there are too many restaurants in Vegas to put up with that!!!
4	A great little hidden gem inside the Luxor Hotel. After a long bus trip to see The Grand Canyon, the comfortable atmosphere and delicious food from T&T hit the spot. Service was friendly and quick to respond to any requests. Food was hot and tasty. Price was perfect. If every in Vegas again would choose to dine here.
4	Had a great lunch there yesterday. It's in the Luxor. The red salsa was way too salty, but everything else was really tasty. We had the combo enchiladas. One Cheese, One Chicken and One Beef. All 3 were great. Also, had the tortilla soup. I give it a 6.5. Not bad, but not great. Service was excellent. Food came quickly. The green salsa was great too.
3	A little pricey for tacos but regardless it was good. Ordered alambre tacos which were pretty tasty. Rice and beans sucked! Guacamole didn't have much flavor for 10 bucks! Chips and salsa were great.Go to restaurants.com for the discounts
5	I've been to Las Vegas a handful of times in the last 3 years. I believe I have been to T&T more than a half dozen times now.Tacos and Tequila has become a must go to place when in Las Vegas. As the name clearly proclaims -- if you like Mexican food and alcohol, this place is for you.
4	Had the chicken burrito. When in doubt stick with what you know. I was pleasantly surprised that it was very good.The chips and salsa is tasty and I like Dos Equis amber. Not cheap but it's Vegas.My bf gave it three stars (he had a taco and enchilada plate) and I give it four.
3	Went here last night after wanting to try it for a good year or so.  We checked in at the hostess stand at 5:45 and told it'd be a 10-15 minute wait.  We kind of were disappointed as they had a special going on that ended at 6, and wanted to get that.  When we were finally seated, we asked our server anyway just to see.  Quickly told that we checked in at the desk at 6:02, so no go.  Um no, we were sat at 6:02, not checked in.  But whatever, I'm just excited to try the food.The menu prices were pretty average with other locations around the Strip.  I decided on the combo tacos, my fiance on the shrimp tacos, and a shared chicken quesadilla for an app.  Our server brought out some salsa and chips to tide us over (which was awesome), and then out came our drinks and appetizer.  The appetizer was a little small, but tasted delicious.  And my drink - a strawberry Margarita, good and strong.  When our entrees came out, we were a little less impressed.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good and the portions decent.  But the flavor was lacking a bit.  The pork tacos were delish, the steak and chicken, not as much.  Fiance said he liked the shrimp tacos, just wish they had been a little more seasoned.When we were finally finished, we were in good spirits and both agreed we'd eat there again.  Just try something different next time.  Our one last little bother was that the server, while very sweet, was incredibly slow.  We waited about fifteen minutes before he even took our order, and then about another fifteen between telling him we'd like our check and actually getting it.Still, we're big fans of Mexican fare and the salsa and chips (ohmy!) were so great, that we're still going to go again some time and try other items on the menu.
2	High prices for very average food. The signature $12 Margarita is not worth it.  The chicken for my fajitas was very dry.  My wife enjoyed her Tinga.
5	My husband and I went here twice during our 3 days stay at the Luxor. The chips and salsa are awesome. The tacos were great, too. So good in fact, we each ordered the same thing when we went back the second time. The shaved pork tacos with onion and pineapple are  wonderful!
1	Bought a restaurants.com $25 gift certificate when you spend $50 alcohol not included. I ordered a chonga to drink, appetizer to share and shrimp tacos. The bill ended up being over $100 for the 2 of us!!!! What a rip off! I ended up getting food poisoning from the shrimp btw. Won't be returning
4	I like coming here to eat when I am in Vegas. Their Taco Combo is a perfect size portion for me anyways. I don't really eat the rice because I am not a fan. The texture of the rice doesn't seem like it's cooked all the way. Their Fish Burrito is also very good. I didn't think I would like it but it actually had a real good flavor to it. It's a must when you come and eat here to order the Chonga! Very good drink to eat with your meal!
3	So I finally made it back to Vegas after about a year and a half, and my first place to stop was here because I've been craving their veggie tacos like mad! But I must say that I ended up being let down because they changed chefs :(The chips seemed greasier than last time, and the salsa wasn't all that great either. But my immense disappointment was with the veggie tacos; instead of red and yellow bell peppers like last time, they now use green, which leaves a bitter after taste. The tacos also didn't have cheese on them, just sauteed mushrooms and some sort of sauce - I could have done better at home. My heart was broken.If it wasn't for the great music they were playing, and the fact that my friend really liked his chicken enchiladas, I would have rated this place 2 stars. Let's just say that I have removed this restaurant from my "Wanna Go Back!" list.
4	This is a must visit place.  Good Food, excellent drinks.  Good vibe.  Perfect spot to get ur Vegas party started.  Chips and Salsa was real good.  Must try the Tacos, they were decent.
3	We went for the six tacos and six small beer special. We also ordered guacamole - which was made extra spicy for us. Great guac! When our beers arrived we were told they ran out of "small beers" and gave us four large instead - that worked! When the tacos arrived we liked the carnitas the most and the chicken the least (a bit dry). The salsa was pretty good and complimented the guac big time. I liked that they gave us another basket of chips. I would give them four stars except the music was really awful: mash ups of classic rock songs with God-awful hip hop beats. BLASPHEMY!!!
5	Best food we had in Vegas!  Great service.  No complaints at all.
3	The food is good and the drinks are even better. Orlando suggested the Margaritas and after a round or so he suggested the Spicy Lover which has the perfect amount of heat added. We went back the next night for that drink! Next time we are in town, we are coming back.
5	My guy and I fell in love with this place! We went during the Mariachi Brunch on a Sunday. We used a restaurant.com certificate, so we had to spend a minimum of $50, which wasn't that hard. We ordered the sampler platter for the appetizer. Everything was delicious! I loved the nachos and shrimp quesadilla. For entrees, we ordered the carne asada tacos and carne asada from the grill. All of the food was seasoned well and the portions were big. Will return on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Been here twice. Very good food. Full bar. Group friendly. Live music. Great service.
1	Nasty, nasty, nasty! Avoid this and any other restaurant in the Luzor! I eat a ton of Mexican food and ordered meals that I normally eat at home (like flutas) and it was disgusting! Even the salsa (with the complimentary chips) was disgusting.  No flavor what-so-ever.  And to top it off, when I ordered my salad, I explicitly said I can't eat dairy.  When I got my salad there were unidentifiable cheese chunks in it. The steak in the salad looked like it was already chewed up! My brother took two bites of his meal and didn't eat it. Nasty! Avoid! No bueno!
4	T & T! It's dynamite! T & T! It tastes so right! T & T! Gives me a power load! T & T! Watch my butt explode!Bad AC/DC sample aside, Tacos & Tequila (T & T) is actually pretty good even though it's ridiculously overpriced even by Las Vegas standards. Seriously, this city will use any opportunity to overcharge you. On my last trip, they charged me 33 percent more for an escort because she had two legs and most of her teeth. Kidding. No really, I am kidding.When my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas bled into the fifth day (and into the weekend), I needed to unwind a bit by watching the first round of the NFL playoffs in a sports bar environment. I had passed by this joint on the way to work a few times, so I gave it a shot. Luckily, it filled the bill (in more ways than one).I walked up and asked for a table for one near a screen. Quickly, two pretty hostesses greeted me and sat me at the bar in front of some nice high definition screens. The bartender immediately put some chips and salsa in front me, asked if I wanted a drink, and presented the menu to me. Without question, the service at "T&T" is dynamite.Bad joke aside, the food is also awesome. My order was promptly taken and soon enough I was munching on some awesome chips and salsa, sipping on a drink, and high fiving sports fans around me. Eventually, my order came out with 4 tacos of various meats with melted cheese on top. They were freakin' delicious. The price is a bit steep for food and/or drinks. But then again, the more you drink, the better it all tastes, and the less price seems to matter. Remember, when it doesn't matter how much the drinks cost, it's always happy hour.
4	Came here for the first time over the weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Prices are expensive for Mexican food, but again this is the strip.  I'm sure there are some better places off the strip but you're here for the atmosphere more than anything.  The foods was surprisingly good.  The tried the Chile Relleno combo and it was very good.  Also ordered the Bloody Maria which is their Tequilla version of a Blood Mary and it cleared out the sinuses.  Which when you combine that with some good chips and salsa and it's the perfect way to start out a night!  Add in the fact they had the Lakers game on the screen and the night was pretty good!
3	Good central location on second floor of the Luxor.  Good place to grab a late lunch and a meal.  Definitely not a dining experience, but cool to grab a bite if gambling or staying at Luxor. Definitely don't go out of your way, but if you end up here it's good.
5	Loved it!  Cute restaurant located in the MGM, I think.. anyways, their tacos are the bomb!  Very sabrosos.  Great for a good dinner, casual.
3	Came here with a bachelorette party of 9.  The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but it did fit with the utilitarian feel of the Luxor.  We were hoping for a lively vibe, but it was pretty quiet and dull.  The food was decent.  I had the chicken enchiladas.  They were good.  The chips and salsa were pretty good.  I won't be rushing back here.
3	Good to stop in for a snack...don't go out of your way.  $5 bar snacks are good, guacamole is good and nachos.  Stay away from frozen margaritas pre-made from machine.
3	The only reason this is a three star is that we didn't eat there ... just great Tequila, even better service and a great place to just sit for a bit. We got to try a few different kinds of Tequila that we'd never heard of before and the shots were poured just a little heavy. That's the best thing one can do to get me to buy more! We will be back and the next time will try something besides the chips and salsa!
5	Great carne asada! Cooked perfectly. Nachos awesome.
4	Purchased a gift certificate from Restaurant.com.  When we arrived, I gave the hostess my name and was added to the list for a party of 4.  I would have given a 5STAR review, but the hostess stand was the worst part.  They seemed very uninterested in seating people right away.The restaurant has a good vibe and there was a DJ playign music, which was cool.  Our waitress was right on with the service.  When the food came it tasted as good as it looked.  As you can see from the pcitures here, the apprearance is great.  I ordered Nachos and for dinner I ordered chicken fajitas.  Both were excellent.  I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas looking for a good atmosphere and food.
4	Honestly the night we were here I don't remember a lot about being there :-) but I know that it was my BFF's 2nd or 3rd time and he wanted me to try the Nachos which were out of this world. I personally think they don't stay open late enough in the evenings given it is located at the Luxor. But maybe being up top there from the concierge and check in stashed away with the Bodies exhibit makes it less likely to draw in those late night munchie crowds that I always seem to be a part of.Chips and Salsa and Nachos are my recommendations as they were awesome and I vow to go back and try something else to have a better variety to report on.
3	Quite the attraction notwithstanding location. We were hungry and my feet were starting to bother me so we headed up to the escalator for some fish tacos.The menu was full of choices for burritos, enchiladas, and of course tacos.  I still asked the waiter if he would not mind changing it up for me for some grilled mahi mahi vs. fried fish tacos. I also asked him if they would put it on corn tortillas instead of flour. He most graciously said yes!  The fish was fine, and they put some sort of coleslaw on top, black beans with cojita type cheese on the side (yay no yellow cheese on anything) and the gratuitious orange colored rice. You get green and red salsa with chips. The salsas did have some nice flavor/spice to them.The menu also had some fun foo foo drinks but we were slowing down a little and ordered ourselves some coronoas instead.Prices were reasonable as well. Tit for tat it was a decent enough place for the neighborhood.
1	To be honest, I'm a fair person who gives legitimate reviews. I find it disrespectful when a person says they can't allow anyone to enter who serves a drink within the hotel. In my opinion, I think it's all lame. If a hotel allows Fat Tuesday to be served while T&T says no to Fat Tuesday at their restaurant then that's a little BS. This is one of the main reasons why I don't book my stay at Luxor."Have a drink! But you can bring it anywhere else."Also, I hate how the "manly" employee came up and said rudely I could t not bring a drink from the same hotel in a restaurant.  He tried my time and other's time at the LUXOR and will not be coming back here spend a dime.I wish this gets reviewed by LUXOR and lays down a simple law to allow a simple rule to allow anyone to not give a damn like other restaurants.T&T sucks because of this.It's VEGAS!
5	Food was delicious and service was exceptional. Also the view was amazing and the way the food was presented was very professional. Overall a VERY good restaurant, and for being inside the Luxor it was very reasonably priced.
2	I'm really growing tired of Strip restaurants and Tacos and Tequila didn't help the cause.  Small portions of cruddy food at outrageous prices- no wonder I never eat on the Strip anymore!Anyway, I wound up here because I had a restaurant.com coupon, their menu appeared to have vegetarian-friendly items, and I was going to see The Australian Bee Gees next door at Excalibur.  We had an hour to eat to be on time for the show; we knew we'd be cutting it close but figured we would be fine since we are always quick to order our meals.Well we wound up with some space cadet server who looked like he was just forced to run sprints for the last hour.  When asked if he knew for sure if the veggie items were truly vegetarian (no lard, chicken stock, etc) he had no idea.  He said he thought the beans were cooked in lard.  I found this odd because they were black beans but I didn't order them to be on the safe side.  I ordered the veggie enchiladas and my husband ordered the veggie tacos.  Both came with a side of rice (we nixed the beans).Then we waited forever for our food.  And we waited forever for our refills.  Once I stopped our waiter, who was holding a pitcher of water, and asked if I could have a refill.  He acted put off by my request which ticked me off considering he was holding the water right in his hands!  Really, it troubles you to that much to pour me some water for three seconds?The food finally came out and it was tiny.  Two tiny enchiladas and three of the smallest tacos I've ever seen in my life.  They tasted fine, but for some reason I had this odd taste of pork fat in my mouth....I could have just been paranoid from what our server said earlier but who knows.  Also, I can almost guarantee the rice had chicken stock in it.We scarfed our food down and waited and waited again, this time for our check.  We got out of there as fast as we could and arrived at The Bee Gees precisely two minutes late.  Sweet.For vegetarians: Don't come here until you've called and talked to a manager to know for sure what is veg-friendly.  For non-vegetarians staying on the south end of the Strip who want to party like a tourist and have extra cash on hand to spend and don't want to walk to Margaritaville: This place could be fun to get some incredibly overpriced drinks and eat a few tacos.For everyone else: Think twice before coming here.
5	I'm not huge on mexican food, but this place change my mind. Usually I feel like mexican food at other places just tastes ok, kinda bland with the beans and rice. We stopped in here because we were on our way to Criss Angel at the Luxor and needed dinner first, and we weren't feeling the food court. I had THE BEST pulled pork tacos I have EVER had! My mouth is still watering for them! And also, I appreciated the servers not pressuring you to drink. I know its Vegas but I feel like sometimes they really push the cocktails on you, and when all I ordered to drink was water, there was no push back, so I appreciated that. I will definitely be back next time and save room for a margarita! :)
1	I've been here about 5 or 6 times in the past few years. Every time I stay at Luxor I look forward to coming here. Our visit yesterday ruined it all. We checked in using Yelp! and foursquare.  There was a check-in deal on foursquare for "Buy One get One Half Off" margaritas.   When we showed the offer to the server he was surprised and hadn't seen it before. He talked to the manager and was told that the offer was per person, meaning one person had to buy two margaritas for themselves to get the deal. Ok. Not a big deal -- it would only have saved me $6. The server asked if we wanted to see the manager for a better explanation. We agreed. The manager Danny came to our table. He was extremely rude and insulted us before we even spoke. He said that it was his decision about how to administer a deal and that he wasn't changing his mind. Again, before we even spoke or asked a question. Odd. Then, he said that it was a corporate decision and that he 'wasn't getting in trouble for anyone.'. When I showed Danny the actual offer on foursquare, which lacked special fine print or terms, he said, "Again. Sorry."Danny was a complete jerk over $6. He lost the restaurant a repeat customer.
4	The food is delicious and service was great.  The green salsa was amazing!
2	We decided to eat here since we're staying at the Luxor. Actually we just got done eating! Food was excellent! We had the beef burrito and fish burrito. Probably one of the best I've had so far. But service..... what service? Our waiter never came by. My glass was empty the whole time I was there. When we were done, we had to wait 15 min to ASK for our checks. Then another 15 to get the check. He never checked on us, never asked if we needed anything, never said thank you or anything! He put the check on the table and straight up left. We tipped zero dollars! Worst service ever! Two stars for the awesome food!
2	Quite pricey for the quality and quantity of the Mexican food you get. The pitchers of margarita's are overly limey, almost undrinkable. Good if you have scurvy.
5	What a pleasant surprise. we went for lunch to T & T because we purchased a gift certificate from restaurant.com. When we arrived we were seated promptly near a perfect people watching area. Restaurant is located on second level of luxor overlooking registration and the elevators so we could see everyone coming up and down. My husband wanted a drink from across the restaurant at the fat tuesday like station and our waitor went over and got us the drink. Our waitor not only made great suggestions he got my husband a stronger salsa made with habaneros which he enjoyed. We started with the chicken tostadas as an appetizer and then shared the chicken tamales, beef barbacoa enchiladas and the shaved tacos. the green salsa with chips was excellent. Food came quickly and they were constantly refilling our water. The restaurant is very trendy and has good music playing. We had a wonderful experience and plan to return on our next trip to Vegas.
2	Meh indeed. After a long flight and checking into the Luxor, we ate at Tacos and Tequila for convenience. The wait staff wasn't really incredibly friendly, the "ambiance" as stated in another review as the positive, was generic, and the food was generic and overpriced. I know to expect that to an extent on the Strip, but really-- it could have been better for the money. The food was not terrible by any means, but we both left feeling like overall the experience was not worth it.
5	I absolutely LOVE mexican food. Carne asada tacos are a staple food to me. Tacos and Tequila had some of the best tacos I have ever had. I have been to plenty of authentic mexican restaurants and T&T  was right on par with them. My friend had a Mahi Mahi dish I believe that was unbelievable. The guac is amazing too! I am obsessed with this place!They have a pretty good happy hour as well.
3	The food is above average but the prices are way too high and the idea that, "It's Vegas," is not a proper excuse.For our appetizer we ordered the corn on the cob and were definitely positively surprised by what we received.  The corn was roasted well and not overcooked, while it was covered in chili powder & cheese.  It was definitely a good selection and I recommend it to anyone not on a first date (cheesy corn on the cob could be a bit messy); 3.5 stars.For my entree I got the carne asada tacos and was pleasantly surprised at the flavor, because it looked almost generic and old upon presentation.  But, the tacos themselves were quite good & fresh, although they were on the small side.  The added rice & beans were good, but not great, and definitely tasted a bit older or part of a massive creation.  A solid dinner choice, 3.5 stars.My fiance got the beef barbacoa and it was not that good.  The rice & beans certainly tasted very similar to mine, but her meat had a slightly odd flavor to it; not spoiled, but odd and overpowering.  A below average choice, 2.5 stars.As for drinks, we both got the strawberry agave margarita and enjoyed it.  It tasted so good that we thought it lacked alcohol, but as we soon found out that we were wrong :).Overall, this place has some stronger items and some weaker items.  Unfortunately, it is overpriced and continues the Vegas theme of expensive mediocre food.
4	My hubby and I were in Vegas celebrating his birthday. We stayed at the Luxor and wanted to just grab a quick, light bite to hold us until dinner at some fancy pricey restaurant. When we tasted the salsa that comes with the chips (2 kinds) and the guac (as hot or mild as you want) and the sangria we knew we were going to have our meal right there. Our server, Orlando was very knowledgeable, friendly, and professional.  He recommended the carnitas and we ordered the fish tacos as well. Both selections were amazing, we left very satisfied. Definitely add T&T to your list of places you must visit in Vegas, you will not be disappointed!
5	I love love this place I don't care where I'm staying in Vegas Ihave to make sure We come here, specially on saturday/sunday morning when they have a special breakfast menu, must order is their Chilaquiles.They sometimes have an amazing 3 band players their good and funny!!Oh and while your there don't forget to order a Chonga (a margarita w/ two coronita beers) . FYI Serves is alright, but remember the food is great, I absolutely recommed it!!
4	We visited Tacos & Tequila inside the Luxor because we had a Restaurant.com certificate for $25 off a minimum of $35. I already knew what I wanted since I have a habit of checking out the menu before I go to a new restaurant. I ordered the ceviche combo that had three different ceviches: shrimp, tuna, and Mahi mahi, each completely different. It was $17 and on the appetizer part of the menu.  If you like ceviche, this is a MUST.My husband order the taco combo with three different tacos, beans and rice. It was also $17. That brought us to $34 and we don't usually drink with meals, so we were thinking about adding something on to our order but, already munching on chips and salsa, thought if we ordered something else, we would be stuffed. Our waiter came back and told us our order was a little short to use the coupon and suggested we try the guacamole in a side for $3. We said that would be great and expected a small dab of guacamole. It was actually a decent sized side order and we wondered how big the $10 guac appetizer would be! The food was AMAZING. I loved all three ceviches and expected to like the tuna the best, but the mahi mahi was WOW. The two salsas that came with the chips were really good and they had some house bottled hot sauces on the table as well that my husband was taste testing. He said his tacos were outstanding. We didn't really expect anything special so maybe that was why we were so pleased with the flavors, but it was a truly delicious meal and we were positively stuffed and happy that we didn't order anything extra off the appetizer menu!The atmosphere was nice, but it's open to everything else going on around it as it is sort of just in the middle of things. I'm sure when you get some partying going on there, it can get a little wild, but it was very subdued and relaxing. We were there on a Friday afternoon.Our service was good, not as good as the food, but our waiter was responsive when we asked for more water and refilled us several times during the menu. The food came out quite quickly, our chips were refilled right away when we asked for more, and the bill was brought in a timely manner. With the Restaurant.com certificate, we paid less than $20 with tax and tip and couldn't stop talking about how good the food was. For a Vegas strip restaurant, the prices were decent. I highly recommend it but go to Restaurant.com first!  Unfortunately, they've changed the restaurant.com certificate though to $25 off of $50, but I still say go for it!  YUM-O.
4	This was my 3rd visit and the food is always good. The menu has a nice selection of entrees and desserts. The corn on the cob appetizer is always a hit and the salsa is good. One of my favorites meals is the Mexican Cobb salad with shrimp. It's a huge portion and has eggs, beans, bacon, tomato, etc. I also really like the chile relleno.The music is a little loud but that's not surprising for a Strip restaurant.
5	I can't visit Vegas without visiting this restaurant.  The very first time I came to Vegas, I ended up spending a ridiculous amount of money because my party did NOT want to leave!  The service was a little slow, but I always had a drink in front of me... scratch that, I always had an EXCELLENT drink in front of me, plus the owner came by and gave us free tequila shots!  The food was really good; there were a lot of unique options, things that I definitely don't get anywhere else.  Obviously you should order the tacos.  They are FAMOUS!
3	Went here tonight on my first night in Vegas. Wanted something convenient, affordable and spicy!Service was responsive, but nothing too out of the norm or exciting. Three stars.I ordered the Beef Flautas, came with about 6 pieces, maybe 3 flautas cut into halves. Drizzled with sour cream and with guac, black beans, and cilantro in the middle. Yumm! Four stars. $11To start, though, I ordered the Queso Fandido or something like that. It comes with tortillas, but it's pretty much just a glob of melted cheese. I'm used to eating queso that has dip-ability (haha, word creation ftw), but this one was the equivalent of microwaving shredded cheeze and adding chorizo as a garnish. Would not order again for overpriced nuked cheese. Two stars. $12In addition to these items, I had a white peach margarita, made with patron, but I think it needed a little more alcohol to be worth the price. Still, it had a good taste. Four stars. $12But what you MUST have which was wonderful, were the chips and salsa. YUM YUM YUM. And for Free! These chips had a fresh crunch, not sure if they were made in house, but I'd love to have some at home when I cook tacos. Served with chipotle and green verde salsas. Five stars!An overall average place, but a little pricey for what you get. Go for happy hour, if you have a coupon, or if you find that one irresistible dish that makes it worth it.
4	Just by having queso fundido with chorizo on the menu T&T was off to a great start. It was pretty solid queso too.Then to my surprise I found another of my Mexican favorites, street corn.  It was great.  It had a lot of flavor.This is a good place to get some decent Mexican in Las Vegas.
5	Just got home from a week in Vegas. Had a variety of foods. The BEST, hands down, is T&T in the Luxor! Great service, nice decor, MARVELOUS food !
1	Obviously the name means that you should order lots of tequila long before you order the tacos! Good chips and salsa. Bad drinks. Horrible food. Had enchilada trio. Yuck. Wife had house specialty tacos. I tried one. Wouldn't feed to my dog. Go to Cabo Wabo for a good meal and drinks if you are in the mood for awesome Mexican. Their fish tacos are out of this world. Red Rocker Martini is a hit as well. I should have walked.
4	Really enjoyed both our meals here!  My husband got their "best in Vegas" taco's and I had the tortilla soup. Very yummy. We enjoyed it so much we went back 2 days later for more.  It will be my mission to recreate the tortilla soup!My only  suggestion is that they turn down the horrible "mix tape" music.  Its so loud you cant hear yourself think. Its a restaurant not a night club.Would have been 5 starts if not for the music
3	My first time here wasn't stellar.  But I decided to give it a second shot because I have heard great things about it.  My second time wasn't much better.This time, we were seated right away and our waiter immediately came over.  He was polite, and got us water and let us look over the menus.  We ordered the chicken nachos to start, and tacos for an entree (polo & their specialty ones).  The nachos were big enough for two, and really loaded and tasted good.  We polished them off pretty quickly.  Then our entrees came out, and our small two seater table was suddenly crowded.  No one - not the food runner, nor our server who walked by us three times - thought to take away the big empty platter from the middle of our table.  We had just started in on our tacos when the waiter finally came back to the table - but not to ask if we were okay, give us more water, or take away the platter - to hand us the check.  Seriously?  We hadn't even gotten to our second out of three tacos yet, and you're handing us the check?  We had wanted dessert, but obviously he was in a rush to get us out of there for some reason.  It wasn't even busy in there, nor are we people that linger unusually long (dinner from start to finish is a 45 minute to an hour long affair.  We sit, order, eat, pay and leave).  We ate our food, and the waiter came by twice to ask if the check was ready yet, which it wasn't.  And he looked slightly annoyed when I asked for a to-go box.  With annoyance, we finally paid and got our asses out of there.  I'll probably go one more time, as I do have a gift certificate to the place, but if the third time is a failure - they lost themselves a regular paying local and anyone whom comes into town and asks us where to go for dinner.
5	Super good Mexican food. And the drinks were really different. (In a good way!)My mum and I were really hungry and wanted to eat before going to see Bodies The Exhibition in the Luxor (we'd seen Bodies before in Seattle... it's NOT "banned everywhere else"). We split the combo fajitas (tender grilled chicken, flavourful steak strips, and large, well-seasoned prawns). I ordered a Mango Ginger Margarita and my mum ordered the Spiced Apple Margarita. Both drinks were excellent and just the right amount of boozie.They only gave us 3 tortillas to start with (even though we mentioned that we... the TWO of us... were splitting them) and it took a while to get anyone's attention to get some more. But the food quality was very good and the portion size was great for 2. We both were full and no leftovers. I liked the homemade tortilla chips, too.
4	We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here. We had a restaurant.com gift certificate and had to spend a minimum of $50 to use it. This wasn't easy for the two of us since alcohol is excluded, but we got the queso (best. queso. ever.), the combo tacos, and the combo #3 (enchiladas). We enjoyed everything - though the carnitas taco was a little dry and lacked flavor. Would definitely visit again!
1	I would give this place less than a one star if possible, the service was awful, the food even worse. Don't waste your $ or time.
1	One word:HORRIBLE!The food was lukewarm and not very appetizing. The only thing decent that was served was the chips and salsa....when it finally arrived at the table.I tried to do a take-out order on their Chicken Tortilla soup, but was told that they don't have carry-out containers??! I wouldn't be surprised if this place closed in the near future.
4	We were going to the Titanic artifact exhibition, decided to just have lunch at the Luxor, I was really glad they had a decent place to eat there.They have brunch special 2 for 1 margaritas, we ordered top shelf ones, they were strong! Got a little buzzed after 2 of those. Chips and 2 kinds of salsa: so yummy, bit spicy, but so good. Shrimp ceviche with citrus broth, anise, tomato, tomatillo, cilantro, sesame seeds: so fresh and yummy. Albondigas soup, Mexican meatball, spicy tomato broth, mint: hubby loved it for his minor hangover Huevos con chorizo, Mexican spiced sausage, flour tortilla, scrambled eggs, potatoes, cotija cheese, salsa verde: I loved the potatoes in it, hubby loved the eggs and sausageThe food was so delicious, service was good, I wanted to order the tequila taster, too bad I don't like tequila, better not to challenge myself before our museum visit...;p Good brunch, we enjoyed it a lot, tab was $47, good value in Vegas. :)
4	Excellent food and great service...the tequila was top notch...recommend  the alambre tacos and tortilla soup yum!
5	Excellent chips ,  "best in Vegas" taco's and the tortilla soup. Definitely worth a try and a good break from the buffets ;-)
5	The food here is great! We had the nachos, beef tacos and sabana de pollo. It was so good and great service! I still can't get over how fresh and tasty the chicken dish was (all were), the chicken was pounded flat and everything was tucked in-side next to this beautiful black bean mash. Had the patron watermellon drink-yummy!
5	I really love this place, I've been to T&T two times, and each time was great. Their tacos are sooo delicious and there black beans and pinto beans are perfect, just enough seasoning and the perfect consistency, not watery or too dense. The atmosphere in the place is full if energy because its not enclosed like other restaurants. You can look out into the casino which adds too the experience here. The service here is great too, especially with the free tortilla chips and dip you get, FOR FREE! Lol I definitely want to go back soon.
3	I came here for a friends birthday party.  I wasn't expecting much as far as fod goes due to the fact that it is an on the strip Mexican spot.  The food however surprised me!  I had a Carnitas, Pork Tamale, and Cheese Enchilada combo which was great.  It could have been more spicy but the flavors were on point.  As with most places on the strip, drink prices were steep.  7 Bucks for a beer?  12 for a margarita?  Good thing there were free refills on Ice Tea!  The group I was with ordered drinks anyway and seemed to like them well enough.  I didn't have room for dessert but will probably make it back here sometime.  The food was that good!  Heck, maybe I'll even come in during their happy hour so I can try some of the high dollar drinks.
5	Great food, friendly waitstaff!Appetizer sampler was good, but my burrito was the killer! It was amazing and big! I am so ashamed that I left some of it because I couldn't finish it.My waitress was so nice and helpful when a couple at another table dropped a glass on the floor and broke it. She made sure that the customers were safe and move to another table and clean first before she cleaned the floor.
3	Definitely enjoyed the fresh & hot chips here.  Also had the tortilla soup which was a bit salty for my liking.  Food is pretty much like any other Mexican somewhat upscale joint.
4	We started my birthday celebration at T&T. The waitress was great. I ordered the shredded chicken tacos and my husband ordered the pulled pork tacos. We both enjoyed our dinners. The music was pretty awful. The price to portion ratio is a little out of sync. I liked the open atmosphere. The best drink of the night ... the spicy lover.
5	Terrific, unusual menu.  Great drinks. Fantastic staff. Loved the whole experience. Bought the T-Shirt
5	Hit this place up with a large group of friends on New Years Eve. It's become our tradition to have Mexican food before we hit the town on NYE, so we've tried many places on the strip. We were all very pleased with everything we ordered. Last year we went to Boarder Grill @ Mandalay, which was also very good, but I have to say T&T has them beat in my book! No one could stop eating the fresh made chips & guac. The watermelon cooler I ordered to drink was dangerously good. Most of us cleaned our plates & those who stopped short only did so out of fear of looking bloated in their NYE best. :-)Our waiter was great fun & very friendly. We stayed at the Luxor & so I noticed they had live Mariachees (sp?) for Sunday brunch. Would love to try it again the next time I'm in town.
2	I have a few favorite Mexican places that I rarely stray from, but I had a friend in town for CES staying at the Luxor and this is where she wanted to go.  We didn't have reservations and the place wasn't busy, but the hostess sat us at a counter-like space facing out towards the casino and rooms.  Our server was super friendly and the food came out fast, so no complaints there.  I ordered carne tacos, and my friend ordered chicken fajitas.  We also both ordered a glass of Sangria.  For a $15 plate of tacos, it was a very small portion.  3 tiny tacos with what looked like mexican rice and black beans.  The mexican rice was not good and tasted like something you would make out of a box.  I'm not a black beans fan so I can't comment on that.  The tacos were okay, like something I could get at Roberto's for a couple bucks.  The sangria was overly sweet and not worth $8.Overall, it was over-priced for just-okay Mexican food.
4	Everytime I go to Vegas, I go here. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan during my most recent trip, but made the trek all the way to Luxor twice just for this excellent Mexican food.Margaritas- Amazing. Honestly, excellent margaritas. Unique flavors like white peach, apple cider, pomegranate, etc. as well as the traditional margaritas. Excellent drinks. Nachos- super good. Their guac is good, beans are good, definitely would order the nachos Everytime I go!Meals- I got a combo I think, with a tamale. The tamale was my favorite. Made with chicken, not the traditional pork, but it's a nice change. My friend got a taco trio and loved all three. Service was good and waitstaff was super friendly. Love everything about this place, definitely will return as much as possible!
3	My coworker and I were in town for CES and decided to make T&T our last stop before we headed home. Since the Clippers game was on, we decided to sit at the bar and watch the game. The bartenders were extrremely attentive and spot on for service. For dinner, I ordered Combo #6 which was veggie quesadilla, grilled corn, and chili relleno. The food looked great aesthetically but was a bit bland to taste. It felt like they just used cheese and nothing else to flavor their menu items. I had to top it with a lot of salsa and hot sauce to bring them out. Overall, not a bad place to hangout and kick back.
1	Absolute Joke. Went here ordered my kids a Kids quesadilla and a bean and cheese for the others, not price checking, that was a huge mistake. Chesse quesadilla- 12 dollars. lol for a local and theres absolute amazing mexican places rt around the corner from this hole I was totally livid.NO SIDES are even included. Bean and cheese burrito small and crappy looking? 12 dollars. This place is obviously never getting my or my friends business again. DONT FRIGGIN GO HERE. Even if you are staying, its just a joke.
3	The choice of salsas with my chips was nice. I also had a delicious White Peach Margarita upon arriving at the Luxor after getting into Vegas. Yay 11 am Mexican and Margaritas!
3	Almost every time I'm in Vegas, I come here. Their flautas are an appetizer big enough for a meal. That's all I ever really order and they are delicious. Unfortunately, I sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon and the guy was quite inattentive. I had to ask for chips and salsa, refill on my water, and the check. Not the best service guys! But the waitress who was behind the bar really stepped it up.
2	It's below average for the price, but convenient when you want to stay away from McDonalds and Krispy Cream.
1	DON'T GO!!!! I GOT FOOD POISONING!  Went the evening of 1.30.13Let me start off by saying if I could just rate our waiter I would give him 4 stars he was great, very attentive plus got our drinks to us in a timely manner.   I ordered shrimp fajitas they tasted decent they were sliced in half so it should have been simple to cook it thoroughly. The rice and beans were barely warm, the black beans had a nice crust on the top of them from sitting under a heat lamp.    Anyways later on that evening my stomach was hurting after eating there.   I was up sick all night as well as most of the morning. Stomach and insides feeling bruised today :(   Long story short save yourself the money, time, and the nasty consequences by skipping this eatery.
4	So happy that we decided to eat dinner here before the Chris Angel show. We had a coupon so we went ahead for the full meal, but they also have great Happy Hour deals as well. Such as the Sies y Sies with six tacos and six beers for only $29...What A Deal!!!Anyhow, we ordered a variety of tacos, including the baja style crisy fish tacos, the "best in vegas" wich had beef and a bit of bacon and of course the pulled pork. All were served on fresh corn tortillas with sauces and cilantro and onions. Ev erything was fresh and tender, and full of flavor. Tacos were on the small side, otherwise we were very happy. The atmosphere is fun and the location is great as well. Easy to find in the middle of Luxor.Great meal in Vegas for sure.
2	I've been to this restaurant twice now. Thought that maybe the first time was just a fluke......please, save your money and eat elsewhere. I would say stick to margaritas and chips & salsa at t&t! Tamales were terrible, nasty cheese sauce on the nachos, very greasy cheese dip, nothing was desirable with the exception of our drinks. Service was slow. Hostess wasn't friendly. The bus boy was nice!
1	Good:  Beef FajitasBad: Bland Guacomole, Dry Rice, Fake Shrimp Ceviche, Chips not even as good as tostitos. Service: WeakPrice: Too high for what they provide,Obvious tourist trap with no expectations from them for repeat business. Advice:  AVOID BIGTIME
1	Very overpriced BLAND food! My wife & I shared the fish tacos that cost $14. Sure you get 3 tacos but the tortillas a tiny maybe 3 inches in diameter. And you would expect the deep fried Tilapia to be nice and crunchy but it was soggy. The size the Tilapia was smaller than the size of a average fish stick. The Mexican rice had no flavor at all, no seasoning. just colored rice. The black beans were ok but nothing to brag about. Overall this was a very poor meal, and we will not go back. Very Small Portions & Under Seasoned food for $14 (and this was a cheaper priced item).  I have had better fish tacos at a fast food restaurant that cost $6
2	This place was BLAH. From our blah waiter to our blah food.  Had the taco combo, came on a single thin street style tortilla, they seriously need to double the tortillas because it gave out midway through.  The pork was dry, the chicken was dry, the beef was ok.  Our waiter was nice, just a little awkward and lacking personality.
2	I hate places like this. Overpriced Mexican food that's really no better than a hole in the wall, only here you get to pay at least 75% more than they'd charge you. We got a seat at the bar overlooking the hotel lobby. This is the ideal spot to eat at if you're into people watching. Anyway, our waiter comes over and, instead of leaning in to the side and introducing himself (we were just about the only people there) he just stands behind me like a stalker and goes through his spiel. Could I have turned around? Probably, but isn't making that crucial eye contact his job? Doesn't matter, his service sucked throughout the meal. We each got the taco combo plate, which came with three street tacos (chicken, carnitas, steak), and rice & beans. For one thing, who the hell makes a street taco with only ONE corn tortilla? Vendors on the street selling actual street tacos use two. And even worse, these were like tissue paper. I had to cradle this thing like a goddamn baby to make sure if would keep together while I carefully guided it to my mouth. Chicken - dry. Steak - pretty good, nice spices. Carnitas - dry. The rice & beans were the same rice & beans you would get anywhere else. Once our food got dropped off, our waiter vanished until I flagged him down for the check. At least his crap service saved me some tip money. Save yourself more money than I did and eat somewhere else.
5	My first time in Vegas I was put up at the Luxor. My coworker and friend John called me and I met him at the T & T. This meeting led to one of the most memorable experiences in the while time spent in that wild and crazy city of  Las Vegas. The tequila menu was huge and slightly intimmidating. We asked Amy, our beautiful and skilled bartender what her favorite tequila was. She honestly directed us towards two excelent glasses of Clase azule Eprosado. A bit out of my usual price range, Amy started me on a new found love of Tequila. A long story short: Amy is awesome, I came back home to Memphis and have been trying out more Tequila and will always remember that special night drinking tequila at the T & T in the Luxor.
3	Way to overpriced for the quality of food. The service was super nice & good. The food was good. I tried my friend's bloody marry & that was tasty. However I won't be going back. There's way to many other better places to go while in Vegas.
4	We were staying at The Luxor, and after driving for nearly 5 hours to get to Vegas, we just wanted to keep it low key, and stay in that night. It was my Birthday, but we're not the "go clubbing" type of people. So, we chose T&T. It's up on the mezzanine in the lobby of the Hotel. The two women hostess' seemed like they were in their own world as far as paying attention to who wanted to eat there. We waited under 10 minutes for a seat. We were sat in the back, but it was quiet, and lit perfectly, so it really wasn't that bad. There was an amazing piece of Art on the wall of a woman and a bull, which I seriously NEED to find out who painted it. I want it!Our waitress was over quickly, she was very talkative which did annoy me at first, but that's my preference, nothing personal towards her. She was friendly, and very open discussing almost anything.  Another man brought out chips and salsa while she was conversing with us. The salsa was good! A red and a green, the red was smoky, like you'd expect, and the green was flavorful. Very impressive. I decided to have the Watermelon cocktail, was good. I've found out that I'm not really into the mixed drinks as I used to be. It was good though. We weren't really hungry, so decided to share the Nachos, chicken added. Oh my goodness. Heaven! They make their own Chipotle cheese for the nachos, and the black beans are sort of thinned out so it's not so thick. The chicken was tender, well seasoned. We seriously considered stopping by before we left just for an order of Nachos to go. I was given a free shot of Tequila for my Birthday, which was brought out with the dessert we ordered. We ordered the Sunday for dessert, and the cinnamon ice cream was out of this world. I would go back in a heart beat :)
4	I tried T&T during a recent stay at the Luxor, and had really low expectations initially, but was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food. The decor is tasteful, they have a nice sized bar, plenty of flat screens for watching the game, and my server was very friendly and attentiveI used a coupon from the Luxor guest book, and got 2 for 1 Dos Equis... The 2 salsas offered with the chips are flavorful, and they have a really good tequila menu with some hard to find (though pricey) selections. My pork carnitas entree was delicious, with a huge portion of meat served in a hot skillet with pickled onions. I highly recommend this dish.Yes, it's expensive for Mexican food, but you're paying for convenience, and the food is actually good!
5	We stopped in for a quick meal in early May. I ordered the half torta with salad. It was great! I would go back if I ever happened to find myself in the Luxor with an appetite.
4	My boss loves to take us here...Because it's one of the few reasonably priced places in Vegas.It's OKAY.They usually sit you towards the back and blast those TERRIBLE Vegas mash up songs.Service takes a minute at the tables, but it's pretty good.So come here if you don't want to spend a crap ton of dough.Grab a giant margarita from the bar across the way, have some tacos, some chips, and dip.Because it's Vegas, don't want to spend too much time doing silly things like eating, or being in a hotel room.
5	Delish Cheese Enchilada & Chili Relleno with a Berry FinishSITREPWhile we were waiting to hit the clubs inside the LUXOR, my buddies Chris, Tkiller and I decided to hit T&T because, dam if we weren't already hungry, and we didn't want to wait on what we heard were going to be "gratuitous hoer'dorves" which would probably be snatched up fast if anything.THE SETUPT&T has a prime location right on the 2nd Floor store mezzanine level of the Luxor Pyramid, right as you get off the escalator in fact.  Since I guess everyone is hitting buffets in Vegas, there actually was NO LINE at this delicious boutique Mexican Restaurant, and so we grabbed the opportunity.THE MENUI'm all about enchiladas to be honest.  In fact, a cheese enchilada & chili relleno combo - with accompanying beans & rice - is my personal litmus test on how well I rate a Mexican restaurant and whether I will be back.  Let's just say that if I get to Vegas again and am in the mood for Mexican, I WILL be back here!THE FOODThe enchilada was absolutely delectable with a spicy mole sauce.  And the chili relleno was actually BIG & CRISP in it's battered shell and full of cheeses.  I was in heaven on this count.  But it got better because the refried beans were great, and mixed with the Mexican rice, and added salsa fresca and cheese salsa, made for a most excellent chip dip.  [And yes, I got quite full.]MARGARITASThe berry margaritas were outstanding, and in fact I got two.  Nice & limy tart but fully flavorful for all tastebuds and still with a bit of berry sweetness (mostly blueberry).  The damage for me was about $40, with the two berry margaritas actually more than the meal, but hey, it's Vegas.AMBIANCEThis is an open air restaurant in the midst of the Luxor Mezzanine, so there is quite a bit of white noise from the different areas of the hotel & casino activities that filter this way, especially with shoppers blitzing all around and conversing since this is the shopping level as well, and no sound barriers (no walls, no screens, no glass, etc.).  But once you get acclimated to that din, you don't notice it after awhile, and though I know some peeps are very particular about barriers, I'll make a point of noting that but am not going to deduct a rating when I'm really about the FOOD and the DRINKS.CUSTOMER SERVICEProps to our server and our hostess.  Absolutely darling gals - which got the *FLIRT* quotient on our experience there quite high with us guys.  But on top of that, Chris' droid and my iPhone were DYING and the gals let us charge up at their hostess stand, which apparently had a boatload of outlets all around it.  Bless them!And I will admit that for a HOTEL restaurant (as opposed to a stand-alone restaurant venue), this was quite an outstanding experience!THE LOWDOWNOne of the best Mexican restaurants I've been too, and actually the best one I've hit in Vegas.
5	This place is awesome!! Best place to eat in the Luxor! The food is absolutely delicious, the drinks are fun, and nothing is overpriced which is very rare in Vegas! Our server, Angel, was so great and made our experience fun! He even wrote down the name of the DJ whose mix they were playing so we could look it up online because we loved the music so much! We had a blast here and will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
4	This place is in the Luxor on the second floor.  When we got there the hostess was very friendly, since our whole party hadn't arrived she said we could be seated or wait at the bar.  We decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited.  The bar tender gave us a menu and then proceeded to the  other end of the bar.....where he stood till someone in our group finally walked over to call him.  He was to busy laughing and hanging out with the guys at the other end and totally forgot about us. After we finally got him to come take our order, I had the carnitas and black beans it was really good.The whole time while we ate they had some really good music playing.
1	Eat somewhere else, Food is Blah... Service is awful slow and just dont care about you.  Got meal before chips and salsa.  took for ever to get check and it was really slow at the time. Go Eat Somewhere Else!  not worth the money
4	Stopped in for lunch on a whim. The staff was nice, the food was good. But the wait for the food was a bit long. I enjoyed my shrimp tacos, and my wife had veggie tacos. They were mini-tacos but also came with rice and beans. Not a bad spot for a drink and some grub.
3	The food here was pretty good. The menu is small though. I found something I liked though. What I didn't like was that they wanted to charge us $2 for chips and salsa. I had been here before but I don't remember them doing that. It isn't about the money. It's more about the principle.
1	SERVICE HORRIBLE!!!Hostess could care less and server at bar was too busy flirting with some girl to pay us any mind!Food way overpriced and not that good!  What a huge let down!!
2	Meh. The tacos weren't great. The chips and salsa were good. Server was not attentive.
5	My review is for the walk up T&T counter just across from the T&T restaurant.We just had to get a huge slushy cup of goodness!  We happened to be in Vegas during the worst heat wave ever...  120 degree in the afternoon and still over 100 at midnight.  whew!!So, I got the big 48oz boot filled with pina colada for $21 and he got the awesome option they call "Chongas."It's 34oz of margarita with two 7oz bottles of beer placed upside down in the oversized maragarita glass.  This was definitely a crowd pleaser.  Everywhere we went people asked about his drink.  Even people who work and live in Vegas were shocked by it!The best part though... the REALLY great part... is that you can keep coming back to the counter for refills!  So, if you're in Vegas for a few days you just cruise by the counter with you big a$$ cup.  Refills were only $6.50!!what?!!  48oz for $6.50?!!Seriously... definitely as good as it gets!
4	After waiting about 30 minutes for a table we were finally seated.  We had the Groupon for chonga margaritas.  I got the pina colada flavor.  So they brought out two giant margaritas with two beers sticking out of each of them!  I didn't see them on the menu so I don't know how much it normally is.  But the pina colada flavored one was so good!  I drank up the first one and I could definitely feel it!  The chips and salsa they bring are really good.  I loved the salsa verde!  To eat I got combo # 4 which included a beef taco, chilie relleno, and a chicken enchilada for $19.  The presentation is so nice!  The beef taco was amazing, the best beef taco I've ever had!  I would definitely go back!
5	Bomb tacos! Chips and salsa are good. I can't wait to eat here again. Service and serves are good.
2	If you're staying at the Luxor, this is probably your best bet inside the resort for food. When I stayed here, it was for a sales convention. I went when I first arrived at the hotel, and then two nights later with coworkers. My first visit, I had a margarita and some chips and salsa. It took about 15 minutes for the bartender to even ask me what I'd like to drink. The bar was dead, except for a couple sitting to my left who were loud, obnoxious, and had zero class and foul-mouthed language at 2PM on a Tuesday. Second visit, I had the shrimp quesadillas-- they were okay. A little too cheesy, and a little less shrimpy, but they were good. Probably because this is a very Americanized version of Mexican food, more like a Chili's. Best part was my typical gigantic refillable Vegas margarita glass which I refilled about two more times before I left on Friday.
4	I've been to T&T on two separate occasions. The first time was "meh" but the 2nd time I really enjoyed the food. The atmosphere is really nice - I love the inside of The Luxor. Everything is a little pricey, but come on, it's Vegas. Our server was good - very accommodating. I judge a good server based on whether they get all pissy if you ask them for separate checks. He did not and actually did it with a smile. Drinks were good - get a margarita! Also get the #1 Alambre Tacos. They were so friggin' good I wanted to run into the kitchen, give the chef a hug, and steal the recipe. They have steak and bacon. STEAK AND BACON!! SOO good. Evidently it's the "#1 Taco is Las Vegas" and I take them at their word.
5	Found an amazing Groupon deal for our mini vacay...two chonga (42 oz!) margaritas (mind you they come with 2 beers in them as well) for $20. After checking out their website we decided their food looked too good to pass up. So we strolled up around 830 on a Saturday night. There was a 30 minute wait which seemed reasonable for a Saturday in Vegas on a holiday weekend. The place is actually quite cute, its an open air restaurant in the pyramid at Luxor. Small for sure and if you're looking for just the margaritas they have a small stand across from the restaurant. I ordered the enchiladas and they were some of the best that I have ever had! I would gladly come back! The margaritas were also amazing and did the trick (plus we got to keep the glasses!). Even the chips and salsa before the meal was good. The prices weren't bad so if you're in the Luxor, definitely check it out!
3	I was excited to try this place after seeing the specials on FB and hearing some good stuff. We were having another quick bite as we were off to the club and wanted to go here. She had the chicken tortilla soup and some tacos and I had the Steak and bacon tacos. If was mediocre on my end, the only thing that wow'd us was the chicken tortilla soup.Service was mediocre, he did bring us the check quickly though. Didn't have any drinks as we had been drinking most of the day. I dont think I would go back unless we were on a war path and did the Macho Borracho...
5	We love to come here everytime we are in Vegas.  My favorite entree are the tacos.  I love the spices they use.  Plus I like the decor and open air vibe and lighting. They play a mix of music as well.  I tried the shrimp ceviche appetizer this time which was just ok.  The top shelf margaritas are yummy.  I did come for Sunday brunch once and I do recommend it.  They have mariachis during the brunch.
3	3.5 stars. Came here after the Jabbawockeez show because there was a long line posted outside, and we figured that it spoke for the food and drinks, so we decided to try it.I ordered the guacamole -- which was delicious. In my opinion, I think they should cut the portion in half and charge half. It was $10 for a bowl of guac the size of my head. Perfect for a group of four, not so much for a group of two. It's easier to order more portions when bigger groups come through.Anyway... I ordered the fish tacos, which came in a set of three alongside rice and beans. The tacos were lightly breaded and the white fish was tasty, flaky and good. I took one bite of the rice and beans and didn't really care for the rest. My sister ordered the shrimp tacos and didn't like them as much. She complained that it just wasn't as flavorful as she had expected.The service was great and very courteous. Food is pricey, drinks are pricey... but it's Vegas. Is it worth it? ... mmm ... No. I definitely felt jipped afterward.
3	Decent place for tacos and tequila (as the name would suggest) ... they were able to accommodate our large party (17 people) easily, and the service was good. The food is ok - fish and al pastor tacos were my favorite ... but the ambiance is nice too (not too loud, etc.). Prices are reasonable, margaritas are good too (but you can't get them blended - all on the rocks here peeps). Oh ... and they have tequila flights - FUN!
3	I have to say, this place is pretty good. One star was knocked off right off the bat because the hostess told my husband to "ditch the drink" before we sat down. Really? Those were her exact words! I seriously take that as an insulting way to ask someone to get rid of their drink. It was a martinellis apple juice too. Luckily our visit got better from there after I muttered a bunch of crap under my breath as the hostess walked us to our table. And yes, lady, I WAS talking to YOU. I ordered the Alambre tacos. I wouldn't say it was dripping in flavor. I barely tasted the bacon and it would have been much better with some Mexican cheese. My husbands cheese enchiladas on the other hand were delicious. Chips and salsa was pretty good. I always enjoy salsa verde. The house salsa tasted salty. Rice and beans were also pretty standard tasting. Now for the corn on the cob appetizer.....it was so good we contemplated getting one to take back up to our room for later. It was seriously nomzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!Woulda given this place a better rating had the hostess had a little more class. I understand rules and regulations, but I don't understand asking someone rudely to "ditch the drink". Thank you and good night.
3	I ordered the lunch special. 1/2 chicken Torta and 1/2 a Cobb salad. The Torta was pretty good. The salad had way too much dressing. After the first bite I was done. So if you get a salad I suggest asking for dressing on the side if you don't want your salad swimming in dressing. The service was pretty good.
2	I think el torrito tastes better than this stuff.  I know Vegas places has a price premium but there are many places to get better bang for your buck
5	At first when I saw this place in Luxor the signage made me think it would be more like a hooters type place so I was not expecting much.  I was wrong.  Me and my partner eat Mexican every Friday so we chose this place.  The service was astounding.  Not only were we seated promptly, but there was little or no wait for anything.  We both had the Acai Pomegranate Margaritas.  They were amazing, so much so we asked for one to take with us.  The food was excellent as well.  From the Nacho's to the Taco's we enjoyed every bit of it.  On a side note, after our meal we told the server how much we liked the food and how we frequent Mexican restaurants more then we probably should.  He took the time to review the whole menu with us for future visits.  You could tell he had a great amount of pride in the restaurant, which was a nice change of pace. This was really great experience and I think we have found our new Friday night Mexican place while we visit Vegas.
2	As far as Mexican restaurants goes this is at the bottom on the list.  The chip and salsa are mediocre at best.  I ordered the #1 Alambre tacos. DISGUSTING.  Its says on the menu the best taco in vegas.  I beg to differ.  It has carne asada with cheese and bacon.  I dont know if it was bad bacon or just bacon being in the mix but it tasted so bad and smelled like dog food.  My sister ordered the tacos but instead of carne asada we subed it with barbacoa.  Now that was delish.  I was going to take it back but i opted to taking out the meat and made bean tacos with my side.  The tacos are tiny as well. They say street tacos but i go to mexico all the time and they do not make  their street tacos that small.  The rice is nasty as well. Its hard and has no flavor.  Im mexican so I can be a bit picky but I think Chipoltle is 100 times better and 1/2 the price.  This place is way over priced for the quantity and quality of food. I would eat the barbacoa tacos (not on the menu) in a pinch but I would run away from the alambre tacos.
4	I like this place it's good but you have to pick the right food on the menu with the right drinks to go with it. My friend for a Cold corona with Steak tacos and it was delicious!! I wanted that plate lol steak was tender and juicy the tortilla tasted homemade. I got the shredded beef (Barbacoa) burrito and rice and beans with chipotle sauce on top and it was ok. The shredded beef tasted to dry and the pico de gallo they put inside the burrito made the tortilla soggy! :( but it was tasty. I also tried the Pineapple Chipotle Margarita and it didn't taste well with the dish I had I couldn't drink it anymore I needed a Cold beer for my burrito. The pineapple chipotle Margarita was dry and it tasted like salsa accidental fell inside your drink. It wasn't that good but Im sure if you get something that goes with a margarita it will probably taste better. Overall great atmosphere, great music, friendly place, reasonable price... I mean it's Vegas nothing is cheap! I had fun :)
3	They need more waiters to run this restaurant. We waited for about half hour and they sat us along the railing- which we didn't mind because it was a beautiful view but as soon as we got in, there were tons of empty seats (about 10 seats along the railing and a few empty tables??!!!) Our waiter, Alicia was friendly. The chopped salad I ordered was just alright- not the best..
3	Nice spot overlooking the hotel, good variety of music playing but the food & service could be better. My girlfriend ordered guacamole but it didn't come with chips? They charged us for a second bowl of chips.. My chicken tacos were boring and dry and so were my friend's fajitas. Service was way too slow, and the restaurant wasn't even half full.
3	This was our first meal out in Vegas, a bit hung over and sleepy.  The sign of BOGO margaritas is what really pulled us in.They had a live mariachi band  which was kinda cool, but also loud, annoying, and kind of puts you on the spot to have to 'buy' a request.The BOGO margaritas didn't include any of the non-standard ones, I was allured by several of the flavors, and had to pay the whopping $12 to get something a little tasty.Chorizo Queso is probably one of our favorite foods ever, and what we ordered (at a hefty price) was chorizo, in a small dish of melted shredded cheese.  It didn't spread, dip, and was a chewy mess really by the time it got to us.The menu was ok; I felt they tried a little too hard to be fancy/different, without actually pulling off any spectacular flavors.It ended up being a very expensive meal, and we were not really impressed.
5	Best Food, Great Staff, Love the Music!
5	You know...no, it's definitely not cheap.  So I told myself "but Vegas."  Got the Alambre tacos...cuz Vegas.Oh my GOD were they good.  REALLY, really liked them.  The wife's fajita was also FANTASTIC.  I can't remember ever seeing fajita steak come out a perfect medium anywhere before like it did here.  VERY, very, very good salsa and chips, too.All in all, highly recommended.  Pony up the dough...cuz Vegas.
2	We were comped $40 dollars to this restaurant so we figured we would try it out.I ordered steak nachos and my husband ordered the fajita combo with the steak, chicken, and shrimp. The chips and salsa before the meal were okay. The chips tasted like they came straight out of a bag and the salsa was just mediocre. My nachos were okay. The cheese they use was amazing, the jalapenos were good, but everything else was gross. The steak was so bland, it literally had no flavor at all.My husband's fajitas were the same way. The rice was very bland but the veggies that came with the fajitas were very good. This place is just stupid overpriced. My husband's fajitas were so tiny and my nachos weren't all that big. With the two meals, a soda for me and a beer for my husband, the bill came out to be around $45. Staff wasn't very friendly either.
5	I discovered this place in 2010 and every time I eat here I am amazed at how delicious all of their dishes are. Best Mexican food I've ever had. Simply amazing. It's not well known but it should be.
2	Came here for my birthday dinner with family a group of 11. Some from our party had been and said it was good also chose it because it wasn't too far for my grandma to walk. When we told them we had 11 in our party the hostesses seemed annoyed and said well idk if we can fit that many it will be 30-40 minutes. So we lingered around in the area. We were eventually seated and oh man the music was so loud!! Way too loud I couldn't hear my cousin or friend next to me. I got a free birthday shot of sone nasty tequila i wish i hadnt honestly. food wasnt great, service was ok. but with music louder than a club I left with a headache!
3	In the area for a Yelp event and in need of a very quick bite, we were limited to the food court and T&T. I perused their Happy hour menu and figured it was a reasonable deal. I have been dieting lately so was limited to basically just guacamole on the menu. My friend ordered the nachos. Since we were in a hurry we  didn't make our order too complicated. Food came out quickly and it was standard. Nothing amazing but I did enjoy that the spicy guacamole I ordered actually did have quite a kick. My friend enjoyed her nachos as well. Portions were and we walked our in just enough time to get to our event on time. Even better, our meal was just over $11. Not bad, I'll admit for strip dining.
4	Tequila that you never heard of or even thought about hearing about.  You want it they have it.  Didn't have the food but the bartender seems to be knowledgable about tequila.  They should because the drinks are pricey.
3	I visited this restaurant in the Luxor hotel on the strip for lunch during my recent stay in Vegas.  My friend and I decided to sit at the bar to eat and watch the Sunday football game on one of their many tvs.  There was also a live mariachi band who traveled from table to table and all around the perimeter of the bar area taking requests and playing songs for everyone interested.  The menu was quite pricey but the quality of the food was rather good.  I ordered one chicken enchilada a la carte which totaled $8 and my friend ordered a plate of three street tacos for $14.  He recommended the carnitas taco out of all the meat choices.  They also served three different salsas with chips while we waited for our food to arrive which was not long after we ordered.  If you are looking for a quick mexican food stop while browsing the strip, check out this spot.
4	Apparently my recent visit was better than several other recent reviewers experienced, as I had a lovely meal. The restaurant is right next to both the Titanic & Bodies exhibits at the Luxor.The strawberry margarita & shrimp quesadilla were both excellent.  I hate shrimp that is chewy, but these were perfectly cooked. The chips & salsa were also very good. One salsa was made with tomatillos and was very fresh tasting; the other was made with smoked peppers & had a very unique taste, both very different from the usual tomato salsa I get at home. I would definitely come back here if I was staying at the Luxor.
4	Fish tacos! Who doesn't like crispy deep fried tilapia and pico de gallo??  the sauce was tangy, creamy, and had a little spicy kick to it!   the beans and rice were also on point!  not bland or dry at all!The complimentary chips and salsa were excellent as well!  The chips were freshly fried and the salsa verde was tangy sweet and savory, such an awesome combination!  the salsa roja however did not impress me as much and it was just smokey and saltyService was OK, I would hope next time they would keep an eye on the water levels at the table.usually i'm not a fan of mexican food but i gotta hand it to T&T! it was great food!
4	Their shredded pork tacos were great as were their Bloody Maria's  had a great server. Overall, great experience.
5	YUP!!!Can only recall ordering Tacos all night. now let me try this one and this one... oh wait how about that one.. Good Place, Good Food, Not Cheap, good Tequilas on Shelf too!!
4	*  Welcome Experience-  OrdinaryFriendly greeting.  Was seated right away.  Was given the choice of table or bar... *  Establishment-  Outstanding  It's Vegas.  Cool decor.  Big, gaudy, fun. Looks clean but can't tell cause it's dark!*  Service-  EncouragingProbably would have been outstanding but nothing stood out.  Everyone was friendly and timely.  Definitely met my expectations and the server (Cara) was personable.  *  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation-  OutstandingI looked for a reason not to use the word "outstanding" and I couldn't really find one.  I ordered the shrimp tacos (pic) and an iced tea.  Both were exactly to my expectation.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly and there was plenty of it.  (Menu boasts "grilled pineapple" but shouldn't because there was hardly any in there...The beans and rice were flavorful.  The tortillas used for the tacos are tiny and not impressive.  I think they should change that but that's just preference.  They weren't bad.  (Quantity was just right)Chips were fresh and crispy and accompanied by two kinds of blended salsa, tomatillo and tomato.  *  What I'll remember  - Nice people (Cara)...   Great food.  Priced just right (not a bargain but I wasn't gouged either!)*  What I can't wait to forget- Nothing negative to report!  Will happily return to try something else from their menu!
4	The "Tacos Alambre" are always my favorite dish and always hits the spot! Definitely lives up to its "#1 taco in Vegas" name. Menu is a bit pricey but what place isn't in Vegas. The portions will fill you up though. Good spot to watch a game at the bar and have a few beers.
4	I visited this place for dinner with family and upon checking in I was told we would be seated soon. There were plenty of free tables and didn't quiet understand why there was more than a 20 min delay to be seated...when I went back to desk to see what happened I was told we were next in line?? We were seated right after and then it took about 5 min to finally receive a menu. I ordered the combo fajitas and was blown away!!! Delish! The chicken and shrimp was my fave...my steak had took much fat so I was not a huge fan of steak but overall it was delish. I also tried the 3 different spicy sauces they have..and they are all spicy and yummy. Will definitely come back...but they need to work on better customer service.
3	Nothing special here. Food and service are mediocre and it is WAY overpriced. The complimentary chips comes with two salsas (one red and one green) which are both really good. The first batch of chips that we got were perfectly crispy and delicious but the second batch tasted weird. Like the oil they cooked in it was old or burnt. I ordered the mango ginger margarita which was $12 and it was super yummy. But for $12 I would've liked more alcohol in it. It wasn't strong enough. My boyfriend ordered a modelo, $7 and the carnitas $20. The carnitas were crispy, cooked perfectly and delicious and came with an awesome habanero salsa. The habanero salsa comes in a tiny container, and if you want more, they charge $2.So why only 3 stars? Because that's were the good ends. On to the bad. I ordered the Alambre tacos, $18. The plate comes with 3 tacos, rice and beans. The tacos weren't that good. They sounded like it would be amazing, but the bacon and cheese overpowered any other flavors and it just didn't taste right. I couldn't taste the poblano or steak at all because all I could taste was cheesy bacon. And $18 for 3 tacos? What was I thinking? The rice was gross. I'm a huge rice fan and I'm not picky, but the rice was so nasty. It tasted like rice that would be offered at a buffet or came from a box. It was also hard. My boyfriend took one bite and never touched it again, and I never leave rice on my plate, but I couldn't finish it. The black beans tasted like they came from a can. The tortillas weren't fresh and tasted microwaved. If I'm going to overpay for food, it better be fresh and delicious!The service was spotty. We had to flag down people to ask for refills of everything, chips & salsa, water....Our waiter passed by our table a lot and saw that we were out of chips and my margarita was empty and never asked if we wanted more. We had to wait a while for our refills and bill also, which can be pretty annoying when you're just sitting there waiting...,,Overall? Not worth the money. Low quality, mediocre americanized food....Pass.
4	Beautiful place. Service is friendly. Drinks are AWESOME!!! The food is delicious if you don't mind spending a lot of money for a small portion....but that's fine dining for you. The cheese enchiladas and fish tacos blew my MIND!!
3	Came here for a late lunch on a Thursday and got some Tecate lite and a lemon drop. Shared a chicken quesadilla and a burrito, both were good. Didn't see anything special, the service was great and all, but nothing going on. I've seen some party pictures on Yelp, but these probably happen at night.
5	My first time eating "chicken tostada" and was very interesting and delicious. Service was fast and the food didn't take long to come even in a party of three.If you like tacos and similar I highly recommend.
4	I'll make this easy: 1)  2 for 1 brunch margaritas..  KILLER margaritas - i.e., STRONG and just what I needed to kick my ass back into high gear while recovering from the night before. 2)   I want to bathe in the guacamole!  No, marry it. No, bathe in it. Ok, both.  It's the perfect blend but I appreciate when a place doesn't over-complicate the guac and lets the avocado speak for itself.   We had a few large groups (that didn't get seated together because we weren't all there at the same time) and the service was a little slow. I was drinking killer margaritas so I'm unable to recall whether that seemed to be from the kitchen, or from the wait staff.  Bottom line:  the margaritas made up for a bit of a long wait for chips!  I had the huevos con chorizo which was interesting. I'm used to them all mashed together, but they had eggs mixed with potatoes (and maybe onions?) and the chorizo pretty much sprinkled on top.  Doesn't matter, all the flavors were there :)  And I liked the addition of potatoes.  Did I tell you about the margaritas that would put hair on your chest??
2	There's nothing spectacular about this place. We stopped in before the Jabbawockeez show, because it's right in front of the theater. The food we all ordered was sub par Mexican, like Casa Ole-ish (for the Texas folks). And it's all overpriced, but this is Vegas so...Nothing to brag about , but it's worth a stop if you wanna get a bite and drink before a show.
1	Don't waste your time or your money. Go to Chipotle for fresher, better-tasting food for a whole lot less money.  Or Del Taco. Or Hot Dog on a Stick for that matter. This restaurant was overpriced and a HUGE disappointment. Chips were ok, as noted by a previous reviewer, and the salsa was "meh".  I had the pork carnitas tacos, plate comes with rice and refried black beans.  Most of the pork was OK, but had to pick out a decent amount of charred crispy and fatty bits. Rice was totally undercooked, no flavor.  Black beans had ZERO flavor. No joke, like zip zilch zero flavor. My date had the Alambre taco plate, with same bland rice and beans. He claims his tacos were "ok, not bad".  Our drinks weren't any better. I had the lemon drop margarita, date had the mojito. Neither drink got drank completely. Mine was so sour and  undrinkable, I wondered if it was made with a gone-bad batch of sour mix by a rookie who's first shift on the job was that night (any of you bartenders out there know what I'm talking about).  Mojito was average. If you find yourself staying at the Luxor, it's your first night in Vegas, you're starving and ready for a good cocktail, DO NOT GO HERE. Keep walking. Act like you don't even see it.  Spare yourself the frustrations of a severely sub-par meal at what we've now renamed "Taints & Tequila" and go grab a slice and a Coke at NYNY.  Then hit the main lobby bar just down the escalator for some well-poured totties. Cheers!  (But seriously, don't go here. It's superbly not good).
4	Located on the 2nd level where the showrooms, retail shops and Titanic and Bodies attractions are at....this place is not that bad. COMPLIMENTARY chips and salsa. Hells yeah!!!! Can't go to a Mexican restaurant and not get FREE chips and salsa!!! The green salsa taste better than the red on in my opinion. My friend and I got 2 combos and they were only $20.00 each. Pretty decent price especially since it's located ON THE STRIP. His combo included a chile releano and two enchiladas I think.My combo included a chicken tamale, pork taco, and beef enchilada. (see pic.)Both combos include rice and beans. You can opt for all rice or all beans if you want.Honestly...T & T is located on the strip. Don't complain about prices. It's expected to cost higher than normal. The food was delicious, ambiance was chill and the service was good. What more can you ask for in this tourist city?? If you're so concerned about the cost...then I suggest just going to the food court. But if you want to have lunch/dinner at a nice, decent priced, sit-down restaurant...then this place is recommended.
3	Food was OK. I had fish tacos - the sauce was very good! Friends had veggie tacos - good, beef & bacon tacos - a little dry even though they were listed as the best tacos in Vegas. The tortillas were delish but there were 2 salsas.. didn't care for the green one. 2 for 1 margaritas were very strong!Service wasn't that great.. we ordered guacamole as an appetizer and it wasn't coming, the waiter said it's on it's way... we got our mains and guy came back we told him we didn't want the guac anymore.
5	I had a few hours to kill before my evening flight and was already at the Luxor and I love Mexican food so I decided to eat here. OMG. The chips were thick and fresh, not the standard bag of tortilla chips most places just dump into a bowl. The salsa? OMG. best I have ever had. You get red and green and both were just amazing!! Lots of flavor but not too much heat. Perfect. I had the chicken quesadillas. Delicious! I had the strawberry agave Margarita and that didn't disappoint either! The bartender was very friendly, I got my food in a timely fashion and it was reasonably priced. I will definitely be back to eat here even though it is at the ends of the strip I usually don't go to. Worth the walk our taxi ride!!!
3	We came here while waiting for Carrot Top and it was average at best. It's located on the 2nd floor in the Luxor across from all the shows. I'm assuming it gets a lot of business due to location not quality. First off, the good is way too expensive. 20 bucks a plate?!?!? It's Mexican Food. It's really just Mexican Food and taste like average at best. The bartenders we had did rock which helped my review, and the drinks we had were well made but for the price, I would hope for better food. I will skip this place next time, but if you don't mind spending 20 bucks on tacos then this will be the place for you.
1	Don't just walk away from this place, run. Was staying at the Luxor for my brother's 21st, and the location and name of this restaurant was alluring, but nothing more than a clever ruse to dupe guests in to patronizing this sham. We arrived around 6:00 on a Wednesday, and were seated pretty quickly. That may have been the only good thing about the experience.Drinks. Our waiter attended to us quickly, took our order for two margaritas - no salt - and came back with two margaritas - with salt. He took them away and brought them back,  and judging by the salt water flavoring, had clearly just dumped the beverages in to a new glass. Pretty stunning for a fully staffed dinner crew with a half-full service. Appetizers. We ordered the beef taquitos. Those too came out pretty quickly, but the dish was paltry. It looked and tasted (quacks like a duck...) like two microwaved, frozen, taquitos from the local Wal-Mart frozen food section. They were sliced in half and drizzled with sour cream to make it look more appetizing, didn't help. Dinner. I ordered the shredded pork tacos, which came over-stuffed in to mini-disc sized tortillas, thrown next to some rice and black beans, and drizzled once again with the same uninspiring "creama fresca", cool story bro. This is something I could have gotten at a chain restaurant for about $6 less. At least there I know I get what I'm paying for. Yikes. What was worse was the seafood relleno that my little brother got. It was clearly frozen seafood slopped on to a small serving of rice in a mushy pepper and slapped with a $19 price tag. Genius. TL;DRThe service was poor, the food was worse, and grossly overpriced. With so many options in and around the hotel, you'd be a fool to waste your time and money here regardless of the circumstances. This place has potential sitting right above the lobby of a popular hotel, but I will never eat here again in it's current form.
3	Pretty average Mexican food. They have a decent happy hour which was half off their appetizer and drink specials. Chips and salsa were good. Chicken Caesar salad was good. Sangria was good. Everything was just good not great.
3	The food is good.  I had the queso with bits of meat.  It was good.  It was something you could grab at other decent Mexican restaurants.  The food is not necessarily the problem with this place.This...my friends....is another tourist trap.  The prices are in the stratosphere for the food you get.  The location is smack dab in the middle of the pyramid.  Imagine this:  You are eating a taco and enjoying your meal when you look up and see an ad for the Bodies Exhibit...with the dude's guts all hanging out.  Pretty bad right?  Now imagine you see the Bodies Exhibit ad and so you turn around to see....gasp....an ad for the Carrot Top show....with his ugly mug staring right back at you.I lost my appetite after seeing Carrot Top, and I paid a fortune for ok mexican food.  That is what is wrong with this place.
5	Best Mexican food north of the Red River! I really enjoined this place. Lots of lime flavor,  Wonderful tacos and Reasonably priced (for inside a strip hotel.) You MUST spring for the margarita. Best 12 bucks I spent on a drink in Vegas all week.
4	T&T in the Luxor was great! We went right before a show and they got us in and out without rushing us. We had tacos and margaritas that were great!! Excellent Salsa and I am from Dallas... best Mexican food on the strip
3	If you're a gringo, than this is the place for you. The drink specials here are killer, but the food is better at Taco Bell...
5	Best chilaquiles! Great services! Mariachi was amazing! I am for sure coming back to this place every Vegas trip!
4	We tried out T&T after catching a special on the Travel Channel and were not disappointed! I had the shrimp tacos and they were LOADED with shrimp. I posted  the pic of them on Facebook and everyone commented on how much shrimp there was!I am pregnant and requested the server ask the bartender for a mocktail of some sort, and I was brought a huge glass of sweet and sour mix, which was a little disappointing. The artwork within the restaurant is just beautiful and inspiring. Our friends and my husband LOVED their grown up cocktails (they had ones featuring white peach and tequila).We'd definitely recommend T&T and will go back in the future!
3	So...T and T does have some pretty good and unusual food--I had some pounded chicken breast/chili thing that was tasty and filling.  They also have some very unusual and fun tacos that I have not seen anywhere else, so kudos for that.  On the minus side, it is smokey/smelly from sitting in the belly of the Luxor, it is loud, and it always seems to be a long wait to sit down.  The prices are fair, so it is a better choice than many of the other venues nearby.
5	I went here for lunch today and it was great. I first walked by the place yesterday and couldn't stop thinking how good it probably is.. and turns out, I was correct.  I got a strawberry margarita, guacamole,  and beef burrito.  The drink was strong,  guac was fresh, and the shredded beef burrito was so flavourful and filling. I was only able to eat about half of it. The service was awesome, it was happy hour and our waiter was very attentive with our drinks and the food was out within 15 mins. I would recommend this place to any Mexican food lovers. Mmmm.
3	Here's my quick review.  The food was decent and the free chips were standout - very thick and fresh.  In fact we had the nachos and those were good too.  But, the service was terrible.  It really was not that busy and we rarely saw our waitress.  When we did, she seemed to have her mind on other things and was very inattentive.  I probably would not eat here again as a result but you shouldn't let that stop you if you are forced to eat here by virtue of say, staying at the Luxor.
1	Ew. This was our first meal when we checked in-we were hungry and ready to get our margarita on! And what do you know? 2 for 1 deal! Wahoo, right? NO! Ick....hostess was straight up RUDE, server was a nice older Spanish woman. She recommended the shrimp tacos. They were not good. The beans were like something you would see in a public restroom toilet. The beer selection was crappy, and the tequila was overpriced. We ate our crappy meals, grumbled about the price and quickly moved on to better options! SKIP!
1	The most horrible, disgusting, greasy, stinky Mexican food in the world. Fajitas was greasy and stinky, shrimps in shrimp taco were so small you couldn't see them. We were 7 people, nobody could eat their horrible food. Stay away!
2	We ate here since we awere going to watch the criss angel show and we were staying at the hotel , heard it was suppose to be pretty good food.The food wasnt good at all, ended up not eating much of my fajitas casue they didnt have any flavor at all and they were watered down and the ortillas were all hard.  My boyfriend said his stuff was bland as well .  FOr the price you would expect the food to better.I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone, The atmoshpehre was the only nice thing about it.  And it wasnt crowded but now i see why.
4	Love Tacos and Tequila! Originally stumbled upon this place and glad we did. They have a awesome Mariachi  Brunch on Saturdays and Sundays from 11-3 and not to mention 2 for 1 Margaritas. It was so entertaining they sang all pop songs from Madonna to Britney to Michael  it was so much fun and cracked us up. The food is amazing! If there is one thing about living in Vegas is you are often asked for suggestions on the strip.  This is always one of my top five!
3	This is a fairly good place to eat at the Luxor. The food is tasty enough but way overpriced! Chips and salsa are good as is the fried corn on the cob. The hostess isn't very friendly and we had to wait a while to be seated. I probably won't go back due to the high prices.
4	Stopped here after a morning of drinking! The food is excellent and authentic Mexican! Not priced bad and the service is excellent!  very cool spot!!!
1	Last month we stayed at the Luxor hotel for my birthday. Being that T&T was close by and we didn't feel like walking super far away for lunch, we decided to eat here. WORST DECISION EVER!! The food was mediocre, but it was the service that we received that was literally the worst I have ever experienced! The waiter seemed to be having a bad day. I asked him twice if he could bring me some limes for my tacos, eventually I had to go to the bar to get them myself from a bartender. 2 of our friends came and joined us about 5 mins after we ordered, and they bring us the check for everyone before we even recieved our food, what kind of restaurant does that? So we complained to the manager, he comes and says he's going to take care of everything, instead he brings us all a round of tequila shots that we never asked for and don't want as if that makes everything better! We just wanted to leave we were waiting for about 45 mins and weren't even busy! We wont be back!
4	Really good food. The free chips and salsa is awesome. Thick warm chips and 2 salsas. The top shelf margaritas are worth the 2 for 1 price during their daily happy hour. Had the shrimp tacos and they were extremely good. The taco was packed with shrimp. The black beans were tasty and definitely not canned. I will come back and eat again for sure!!!
2	Food presentation was great and the chips and salsa was really yummy. Actual meal was okay. I had the El Pastor tacos and husband had enchiladas. Not bad not great. Our waiter was just okay too. Won't go back
5	We stumbled upon this place while checking out the architectural wonder of  Luxor.  We sat at the bar and soon learned that it was happy hour! I had a drink called the chonga which is a frozen margarita with a beer sticking out of it. Yum! Our bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. She informed us that all of the margaritas are made with fresh juices and they don't use sour mix or triple sec. I don't mind paying a little more for a quality product. The food was very good. We ordered a bunch of small plates and they were only 5 bucks each during happy hour. My favorite was the guacamole.
1	Me and my sister stayed at the luxor and decided to go in and eat. oh em gee was the food horrible!!! Never again will I ever go back.  I had the half torta with soup the meat was too mushy and the soup tasted like tomato soup with tortilla chips disgusting!  My sister felt sick after eating there. It doesn't taste like mexican food at all.. never again.. do not go there if I could I would leave no stars but I have to leave one
2	It's just kinda ok. Drinks aren't that great. I mean stick to beer. A bartender can't mess up a beer. Mixed drinks were weak. Seemed like the place was too busy for on hands to deal with. Mixed drinks are too pricey for what u get. It's not good Mexican food either. Its just ok Americanized Mexican food. When u walk into a Mexican restaurant and the lady working there gives u attitude cuz she needs to serve you during her novelas that's a Mexican restaurant.  But its locations cool. There's just too many places too eat in Vegas. Not worth it bros.
4	One of those things where you wish "yelp" has 1/2 stars! The food is AMAZING, the ambiance is an A+!!! BUT... it happened twice now, DO NOT DRINK THE WATER! My girlfriends and I got very sick the first two times we were there. The server and the host are the most important when going into the restaurant. Because you don't to walk in feeling like Casper! They were so welcoming and very friendly!
2	The food is actually ok. Margarita LITERALLY made me puke, had to order a beer instead. Service is AWFUL. Lol but for real. Had to ask a busboy for a water, he was nice about it and seemed semi annoyed. But then bartender seemed REALLY annoyed. Sorry bro. Tried getting a water for like ten minutes. Other than this place, vegas is awesome. Oh and there's like five people at the bar and haven't been asked once If we're ok
3	Go for the Tequila, not the tacos! The bar is well stocked with different types of tequila & they even do a sample tequila fight which is pretty cool! The food on the other hand was barley served warm. It was almost cold. The quality of food is no better than your average Chillies. Great drinks, bad food.
4	Good start to our trip.T&T was our first meal in Vegas after checking in to the Luxor.  Reviews were a little low, so we hadn't planned on eating here, but we wanted something quick and convenient and gave it a try.  We started with an order of guacamole which seemed freshly made and was very good (large portion was more than my wife and I could finish with a meal).  The salsas that came with our chips was also good - chipotle and verde.I ordered the combos tacos, which came with barbacoa, carnitas, and chicken.   They were very good and really had a lot of flavor (the chicken seemed bland next to the others).  My wife ordered a different variety of pork tacos which were very good also.The only negative was that the beans and rice that came with our meals were a little dry and bland.Overall, we enjoyed the experience and atmosphere.  I would recommend to anyone staying in the Luxor looking for an easy meal.
1	This place deserves ZERO stars! The food is worse than AWEFUL and the staff act like you are bothering them if you ask a question. How dare I ask to substitute chicken for beef?!? We were the only ones in the restaurant, but the girl put us in the walkway. The bar patrons ran into us each time the made a restroom run. I finally had to sit my chair sideways to the table to avoid an elbow to the head.We ordered the same combo available at most chain Mexican restaurants, but it was twice the price here. It included a street taco (come on guys, even a street vendor can afford to use two tortillas!), an enchilada made with the same mini sized tortilla (but one bite of the unmelted cheese was enough to know it sucked), and a chili relleno stuffed with corn instead of cheese (got a better price for the corn than some cheese, huh?)My mom finally managed to flag someone down to ask if she could get something less spicy. "No", was the reply. I asked for the manager and was given the bill instead. Vegas may be known for gambling, but I didn't think that included lunch too!
4	My boyfriend and I ended up here because I mistakenly thought it was part of the $20 food & beverage coupon that you get for the Luxor/Excalibur when you stay at one of those casinos.  That's what I get for not reading the voucher all the way through!  All the same, I'm very glad I made that mistake because otherwise I would have never thought to go to Tacos 'n' Tequila for breakfast.We were there during the Sunday Mariachi Brunch.  I ordered the chilaquiles and my boyfriend had the albondigas.  Both dishes were wonderfully flavored and the portion sizes were more than sufficient; however the real star of our breakfast were our micheladas.  Hands down the best micheladas we've ever had.  A perfect blend of spicy and hearty.  Gave us just the pep we needed to start our day in Vegas!The service was great.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly and we were even serenaded by the Mariachi Band.  They were taking table-side requests and my boyfriend asked for "Guadalajara" because that was the song his dad used to sing all the time when he was growing up.  They did a great job and made it all a lot of fun.I would have given this place 5-stars except for two small things.  1) You have to pay extra if you want eggs in your chilaquiles.  I know chilaquiles can vary from place to place, but it's been my experience that eggs are the main staple of the dish so it seemed odd they weren't included.  However the dish did include chicken, so it was still very filling, but I did miss the eggs.  2) No menudo.  I really wished they had it available.  The albondigas was tasty, but to me when you're looking for a really good hangover breakfast, you just can't beat menudo.
3	This place has a great atmosphere and location.   Also overrated.   We were seated and didn't get chips and salsa until we ordered an entree.  The salsa had a burnt taste.  Different strokes for different folks.  I preferred the chicken tacos.   Nothing fancy. My palette was expecting a bit more from all the reviews.   My wallet was not expecting it to be about $25 per person for an entree and 1 beer.  #beentheredonethat #next  maybe it was an off night.  Idk but we won't be going back.   Too many other places calling my name!!  #yoquierotacobell
5	This place is fabulous!! Despite being kind of out in the open at the Luxor, it had great atmosphere. Rockin' mashups of great songs, comfortable seats and a good crowd. The food was outstanding!! Chips and salsa were perfectly crisp and you get 2 different kinds of salsa (smoky chipotle and verde) complimentary with any purchase. The server was very friendly and knowledgable. Margs were outstanding and nicely sized. Best chicken enchiladas I've ever had! (And I effing know my enchiladas!) Overall a great place for a relatively inexpensive but quality meal in Vegas.
4	I love their margaritas with the 2 beers sticking out! Only thing I didn't like about the place was how dark it was, being in the Luxor is just like that, an outside patio would of made it great! I was too involved with my beverage to really take in the food, but I remember it being exceptional. Nice servers as well! Give it a shot :)
2	T&T Tummy and Trauma.after about 5 minutes the busboy showed up with chip ad salsa (not that good, old chips and salsa was bottle stuff)  and i ordered an Ice Tea from him, which came pretty quick. i did have time to look over the menu so i had the kid take my order 3 taco combo plate. chicken, carnitas and carne asada with rice & black beans. i did ask  the kid if they all came on corn tortillas. (told me he would check) within 2 minutes the kid has back and said yes all corn, ok put the order in. he did tell me that he was just a busboy, i told him will now your my waiter thanks. 1) Rice and Black Beans.Neither of them had any good flavor, rice was overcooked and the black beans was just uneatable. horrible2) The Tacos.the Asada and Chicken tacos had no flavor  over cooked chicken, the asada taco meat was also over cooked with no flavor. The Carnitas taco was pretty good, if i knew i would of just had 3 of them. Carnitas had seasoned pork and a little heat to them was by far the best of the 3 tacos. One other problem with the tacos you only get 1 tortilla on each taco, so after the first bite the bottom drops out and your eating them with a fork.Only time a saw the waiter was when he brought the check..LOL yeah sure dick head i'm going to tip you. LOL Idiot. The Kid got a good tip, the waiter wannabe .25 cents. Food is way over priced for what you get. mini tacos  with rice and beans $18. Ice Tea $3.99. Yep $22 for a $5 Del Taco Meal. This is easily a 1 star but i gave 2 because of the kid.
2	Not the best not the worst I have had as far as Mexican food in Vegas. The atmosphere is great and good variety on the menu. I was not a fan however the beef fajitas were great. We ordered ceviche, fajita plate, guacamole, red sangria, mojito, and a margarita. The drinks were not good in my opinion either. I think the food is way over priced maybe because the location. Service was great on the other hand. If you are not a huge Mexican food fan I think you will enjoy it.
3	I went here because I had a free margarita drink from playing the Facebook My Vegas slots. Otherwise, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't make an attempt to come back here. The place isn't horrible, but didn't do anything for me either. It's your typical Mexican-wannabee restaurant with high priced items that aren't worth it. I got the Chicken Tortilla Soup since it was the cheapest thing on there ($9!) and it didn't do anything for me. I'd suggest going off strip (or the Mexican restaurant at the MB shopping area during their happy hour) if you want real Mexican food.
4	The guacamole is nice and cold.  It is very creamy.   The carne asada tacos are always a great choice.  The staff are always very friendly.  The service was g reat.  The price is not bad.  I would recommend.   There are TV ' s if you are a sports fan.
2	I loved the food that wasn't the problem,  it was the service.  I asked for water two different times and he comes back fifteen minutes later and asked me if I wanted water.  That pissed me off.  I also don't like it that you have to order an entree in order to get chips and salsa.  That's a staple at mexican restaurants where I come from and there are many in Las Vegas that will give you chips and salsa before your meal.  They want to charge you otherwise.
3	It was fine, but no Huecho en Vegas!
3	Good food.  Cheese dip is gross. Soft tacos rock.  Clean good drinks. Great music. High price !
3	We chose this place because it was convenient for a Tuesday night show we were seeing at the Luxor.  Hostess reception was beyond rude and completely ridiculous.  There was no wait, but our party went to sit in the bar because we wanted quick service.  After sitting at what we thought was a bar table for about 5 minutes, the long-blond-haired hostess came up to tell us that we were at a dining table and escorted us back to wait for a table (apparently, there are no tables that qualify as "bar seating").  We stood there for another 10 minutes, just to have her take us back to the EXACT SAME TABLE!  She then, literally, tossed our menus on the table and walked away before we had even sat down.  Disbelief is the only word I can use to describe this experience.  Thankfully, our server more than made up for this terrible first impression.  There was good teamwork between him and his busser as they both worked hard to accommodate our need for speedy service.  Food was good, but nothing to get excited about.  We enjoyed the steak quesadilla and steak/bacon tacos.
3	Decent Mexican food at the Luxor. Had the veggie tacos.  Enjoyed it but the tacos were small. Service was good.  Conveniently located.
2	This place was okay. My tacos were the best thing I had here. I'm from California so when I eat Mexican food I can be picky. The sauce they used for my enchilada and the actual salsa was this sweet tangy taste that wasn't appealing at all. However,  our waiter was very nice and was on top of everything. So that's a plus.
4	Great little place.  The blueberry margarita is FABULOUS!  Waitresses are nice snd fun. Great little stop...
3	I gave it 3 stars the food is good but eff those prices Wtf 8 dollars for beans and rice .. no I would never come back I even went during brunch when it was a deal but nope 70 bucks for 2 of us ... Money is not an issue but that's toonmich for this kind of food .. do not come here and spend stupid money go to Bonita michoacon down the st it's way better and he'll of a lot cheaper
1	The food here was awful and over priced. The one redeeming quality was the mariachi band.
5	Stayed here at the Luxor for two nights and ate dinner here both nights. The first night was so good we had to come back again. Atmosphere is awesome, great music, great food, great service. I ordered the Taco salad the first night, and the chicken burrito the second. The chicken burrito is probably the best burrito I've ever had in my life, seriously! This place rocks! Definitely must go if your staying here in the Luxor!
4	Stayed at the Luxor, and ate here several times.  Excellent service - for example, when I was deciding between a quesadilla and something nice and spicy, the waiter offered my a bowl of chopped up serranoes to go with the quesadilla.Tip here is to go for lunch - the burger, the asada sandwich, are excellent.  The bread is super fresh from some local bakery, and these items are NOT on the menu after lunch.  There are plenty of great places to go for dinner, but looking for something around lunchtime (you probably just woke up), this is the place.Tip #2, ask which margaritas are made with fresh fruit.  When we were there, it was the raspberry, and it makes a difference!
3	Ate here for lunch on Saturday, during the mariachi brunch.   The 3 mariachi singers were entertaining as they roamed around the restaurant.  We started with chips and Salsa and Guacamole, one spicy, one not.  Both of the guacamole tasted the same.  The spicy one had no heat to it.  The green salsa with the chips was excellent.  3 in our group ordered the  Alambre Tacos.  They had good flavor and tender,  but $17 for 3 small tacos.  I didn't eat the rice and beans, so it would have been nice to have an option just for the tacos.  The other guy in our party got the #1 combo, he said it was alright.  Being from Arizona, we should have known not to choose a Mexican food restaurant on the strip, but we were hungry and it was convenient.
3	This place was our first stop for our weekend vegas getaway. The ambience was good, low light, not a lot of energy so it was a nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the vegas casino floor. Service was mediocre but the food was delicious. I had the combination of tacos; carne asada, chicken and carnitas. The carnitas taco was my favorite with pickled red onion, chopped orange, and the moist and tender carnitas. The chica got a trio of carne asada tacos which were delicious. The only had one corn tortilla for each taco so you weren't getting a mout full of tortilla each bit. Each plate came with rice and beans ehich weren't bad but nothing to brag about. Salsas were good and the chips were airy and not heavily drenched in oil. ***WARNING- they charge $3 for chips and salsa*** but they don't tell you when they say, "we'll be right back with your drinks, and chips and salsa". I'm not gonna cry over three bucks in Vegas but hidden charges irk me, and no it's not even on the menu. Probably won't go back as there are so many places to go in Vegas and it wasn't one of those Epic meals that you have to have again.
3	Took about 15 minutes for them to seat our party of 4 +toddler but the service was quick so it made up for the wait. The food was good but a bit pricy. The chips & salsa were delicious! & our server was very attentive. Not sure if I would come back but overall it was okay.
3	This place was decent. I had the shrimp tacos. They were alright. The beans were dry as well as the rice. Although I didn't care for my main course, I did enjoy the salsa and chips. The green salsa was delicious! The employees were awesome. Very nice and friendly.
4	Stayed at the Luxor and went to T and T for dinner, chips were freshly made flour tortilla, salsas fresh, and service was pretty good....my husband ordered the fis burro and it was very fresh and tortilla soup was great! Only complaint was that the water was straight out of the tap, yuck! Not everyone wants booze when they are in Vegas, I was so thirsty after having spent the day in pool and I just wanted h2o, I guess next time I will ask first. Solid four stars for food!
2	Shrimp tacos were terrible and so were my friends fajitas, I would not recommend. The only good thing was the chips and salsa, that was pretty tasty.
3	Happy hour and yummy margaritas!My sister, brother-in-law, and I took the aunties and uncles who visited from all over the world here for happy hour. Located inside Luxor, the surrounding view from the restaurant was pretty neat!We ordered a bunch of the appetizers and pitchers of margaritas. The service was excellent and fast. The food was typical happy hour food, all fried covered in cheese and meats which was of course, good. It was ok, nothing special or fancy but everyone got to try everything, and everyone was satisfied. It's a cool place to check out if you're in the area!
4	Seriously amazing. Slightly pricey but we thoroughly enjoyed every bite and will absolutely come back! Daryn/Daryl was great. He had a large party amongst other tables and paid perfect attention. Waters, drinks, food, appetizers were all delivered promptly and in fresh taste. Thank you!
5	This place is amazing. The bartenders are friendly and on their game. The nachos are so yummy... I've never had anything here I didn't love!!
4	Recently stayed at the Luxor with my Partner in Crime and Dining. We ended up going to this presentation for GrandView Resorts (it's waaaaaay long, say no), and got $75 dining voucher at the hotel.First I had to make sure the vouchers were legit (yes, they're legit). We sat at the bar which has TVs if you're hoping to catch a game. The bartenders are awesome, and make sure to check on you frequently.T&T is located on the second floor by all the exhibits. If you're really thirty I recommend getting the Chonga. It's a giant goblet of daiquiri topped with two beers that you can release at the time of your choosing.With our vouchers we got two entrees and 4 drinks. 2 of the drinks were to go.Oh the perks of Vegas!We had the #1 Alambre and Barbacoa tacos (3). They come with rice and beans. I was not impressed by the rice...it was very dry and definitely did not meet my expectations. What can I say? Cali does it better (and so do my Mexican friends--authentic). But, the tacos were very delicious. T&T also has piping hot chips with flavorful and spicy salsa. yum!Thanks for the wonderful food and service!Until next time, 1 tequila 2 tequila 3 tequila... FLOOR!
4	The food is great. We had the enchiladas and they were great. The 2 for 1 margarita special was awesome. The live singing was great too.
1	The food and service is awful here!  Do not eat here if you want good food.  Go to Taco Bell, it is better food.
3	We had dinner here during a convention trip, and it wasn't half bad. If you're staying at the Luxor, make sure you use the coupons for BOGO on beers! We ordered 5 different dishes, and they were all Decent, but nothing to write home about. Just average cookie cutter Mexican food. Ask for their Hot sauces if you like a little spice! They're homemade, spicy and delicious!
1	Went here yesterday for lunch, it was quiet so expected good speedy service..Nope!! sat for 15 mins before we got our order in, 2 drinks and a chicken enchilada appetizer to share.Food was bland, drinks were okay but expensive.  $50 for a drink and an appetizer?  go elsewhere, this place is terribly expensive, bad service and not worth the price
4	Staying at the Luxor this week and had this on our list of places to eat since it is so conveniently located inside the Luxor. The waitress was super nice and friendly. I ordered the chicken enchilada which was delicious. My friend odered the beef burrito and loved it. The portions are large and worth the price.The cocktails were pretty pricey and small. I got the watermelon cocktail and my friend got the lemon drop, they were tasty but sour. We were amazed when we were offered to go cups for our cocktails. Vegas virgin here! The tables are way too small, but the decor is pretty awesome resembling cut out paper designs. I wouldn't go again, but I'm glad I tried it.
4	Was in the mood for mexican and wanted a quick bite before showtime so we took advantage of $5 happy hour specials and sat at the bar.  We got every appetizer on the menu and was pleasantly surprised.  You already get chips and salsa so probably didnt need to get the nachos.  I noticed people who just got drinks still got free chips and salsa.  The chips were good.  All was very good and fresh.  Our bartender was attentive and friendly.  We were in and out within 40 mins.  I am not giving 5 stars only because we did not really try a real menu or sit in the dining room so as to not deceive, I cannot give it a full rating for others to try but based on this experience, I would go again.
4	Great food and nicely priced happy hour. We got three beers, nachos, guacamole and a chicken entree for $49.00.
4	I ate here yesterday while I was staying at the Luxor for a few days during an impromptu Vegas getaway. The place seems pretty cool, and I always hear the commercials for T&T at Morongo, so when I saw the Luxor had one, I knew I had to try it.I arrived during Happy Hour (11am-6pm), and noticed they had frozen margaritas (lime) on the list, but not regular margaritas. Regular margaritas start at $12, but the happy hour frozen margaritas were only $5. It didn't take too long to convince myself I had to try one. I don't know if it was the empty stomach, or the coldness of the margarita, but I had a combination of alcohol-buzz and brain-freeze at the same time. Talk about being hit pretty hard!!For food, I had the Fiesta Nachos and the Flautas, both $5. They were both small portions - the Nachos came in small bowl, and the Flautas on a small plate, and there were 4 of them. Both dishes were tasty, although they appeared to be rather skimpy with the toppings on the nachos, so there were many chips which were dry and plain.I had two margaritas, plus the nachos and flautas, which came to $20 plus tax and tip - not too bad. If you like tequila, they have a HUGE selection of tequila to choose from! I'm not a big tequila fan, outside the occasional margarita, however if I were, this would be the place to go!!Service was friendly - I sat at the bar, and my bartender was really nice and chatty.Great times - and the next time I am in Vegas, I will probably stop by again.
2	Horrible service and this review is based mostly on the service. The happy hour drinks tasted watered down and way too sweet as for the food bland and except for the nachos everything belse was just edible not really enjoyable. Be aware of Raul he needs to be  careful from his choice of words to the customer
2	A co-worker and I ventured to T&T for a lunch because we just so happened to be in vicinity of the Strip. This would not have been my first choice, but my co-worker said she had eaten her quite a few times when she used to work at the Luxor. Ambiance could be improved. The restaurant is located next to the Titanic and Bodies exhibit, also leaving the majority of the seating area exposed to the rest of the casino. Service was decent as we were there for lunch so we were not competing with a packed bar or a packed dining room for that matter. My friend and I were one of only a handful of parties there.Chips & Salsa - Nice, warm, puffy chips, lightly salted with good texture and crunchiness. Comes with two salsas - a chipotle with some heat and my favorite, the green salsa with a nice tangy flavor.My main entree - I opted for the al pastor tacos, comes with rice and beans. Beans and rice were perfectly fine. The tacos I have varying opinions. First off they did not skimp on the meat - my tacos were so filled (3 of them) I was not hungry when I left. I take issue with the way the al pastor was spiced - much, much sweeter than I have ever had before. Also, with the amount of meat in these tacos, it would have been nice had they done a double corn tortilla wrap.Chicken nachos were had by my friend and although I did not try any the serving was HUGE. She did not finish them.DO ask for extra chips.DO try the hot sauces on the table.DO not expect exemplary Mexican cuisine.Strip pricing, expect to shell out a few extra bucks. Not my cup of tea. I'll stick to my off-strip Mexican joints for my al pastor fix.
3	Mediocre food, OK prices, so-so decor, good live entertainment.The service was good and friendly, but the food was disappointing.  The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal, unfortunately.  I had the barbacoa tacos that came with beans and rice.  The meat was tasty but dry and the rice was even drier.  The beans were very bland.  I ordered a margarita which unsettled me and my girlfriend's stomach (in fairness, our light breakfast was probably a major contributor).The Mariachis were great.  They played all sorts of music and were very engaging and funny.Was it the worst food ever?  Nope.  But it didn't rise even to the level of Chevy's either in decor or taste.
4	More of a 3.5. Came for a quick lunch as a Luxor guest.Our server was excellent. Forgot his name, but he was rocking an awesome stache.He brings out our chips and salsas, and while my sister and I had trouble deciding what drinks we wanted, he saw our 2-for-1 Dos Equis deal and simply suggested we take advantage of that. Very glad we did, as I enjoyed the amber ale and cost $7 for two. I loved the chips and salsa. The chips were nice and warm and not stale at all, in which I'm used to at some establishments. The tomatillo salsa was good and tangy, but the other one was much tastier with a nice roasted flavor.I opted for the $13 torta special (carne asada) and sister had the veggie tacos. As she ordered that, our waiter was super awesome and asked her is she was a vegetarian. As she was, he noted that the beans were indeed not vegetarian and offered to double up on the rice instead. That was super helpful, as the veggie options listed in the menu make it seem like it is all indeed vegetarian.I really enjoyed my torta. Bread was warm and perfectly complimented the carne asada. Flavors were good. Sister thought her tacos and rice were okay and somewhat bland.Prices are definitely steep. Wouldn't mind coming back, especially if there are deals and specials going on. Superb service though.
5	I went here for lunch on a Monday during happy hour. We ordered drinks, fish tacos, and quesadillas. All the food was amazing. Easily the best quesadilla I've ever had and their drink prices during happy hour are only 5 bucks a pop! My new go to spot in Vegas.
4	I have eaten here a couple times on our trips to Vegas. Since my last trip I found I have a pretty sever gluten intolerance. T&T's does not advertise a gluten free menu, but I was with a group of friends that were on the picky side and I figured I'd ask. I was told I would be safe with the Tacos (except for the chicken). I could order rice and beans but there might be some cross contamination. I ordered the El Pastor tacos with rice and beans, no problems. The tacos were stuffed, el pastor was a little different than I'm used to, but I enjoyed it for what it was. Rice and beans were good, Cadillac margarita was good too. All around I enjoyed the food.My only complaint was the music, the strange mixes were bad, really bad.
1	Visited Vegas for two birthdays in our group and had dinner at T & T on 9/25/14.  This had to be one of the worse, and most expensive, dinners ever!  Their $12 margaritas were terrible, very sour, with almost no alcohol.  Two of us returned them to the bartender and the service was rude for the rest of the time.  I told the bartender in a mild mannered voice that those were the worse margaritas I've ever had, and I am a Cadillac margarita guy.  She and her male partner behind the bar, we all sat at the bar, were so rude and standoffish afterwards it was obvious they were seriously offended.  I had never experienced such bad service after returning something, which I rarely do.  The food was awful too, very expensive, and not worth it at all.  Our bill was over $240 for a party of 6 and none of us were satisfied with our meal, drinks, or experience.  I spoke to the manager afterwards, "Steve", and he completely did not care, offered no recourse, only said that he would talk to his bar staff, and hurried away.  I also complained to the hotel management at the Luxor, where the restaurant is located, and asked that someone contact me about this.  To date, nobody has.  This is a completely unprofessional establishment.  The drinks are horrible, the food is no where near worth the $20-25 a plate, and the service was beyond rude.  Save your time and money, and stay away from this place!!!
3	Tried this based upon frommers review. The taquitos and the guacamole were very good. All other dishes were average for Spanish food. The service was very attentive though.
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars for several reasons: First, the service was poor. Our waiter seemed bothered to be there and was slightly rude to us while taking our orders. Second, the food was terrible. The salsa served before our meals tasted like it had ketchup in it. Yuckk. I ordered a Michelada with a Dos XX Light to drink and Chilaquiles for my main dish. I was not impressed with Michelada. Whatever mix they use was not tasty at all. The Chilaquiles were okay. It came with shredded chicken on top (which is not something typically found with Chilaquiles) and that's what I ate out of the whole dish because I was starting to feel slightly ill. Third, everyone I was with got sick afterwards!! My friend was in the bathroom for awhile while I held my stomach for half of the day. Never coming back.
4	This place had a really good watermelon  drink and their chips  were warm right out of the oven.
5	Fun and noisy atmosphere. Great margaritas. They offer a few vegetarian dishes which I really appreciate including veggie tacos. The guac was good.
5	Great music, margaritas and apps! You can't help but go in! Dia de Los muertos decor awesome.
5	Wow. Let me start by saying that I am born and raised in San Diego, CA and therefore I am VERY particular about my Mexican food. It would be surprising to me to find a restaurant in a hotel in Las Vegas that demolishes authentic San Diego Mexican cuisine, but in this particular dish I have found it. On Saturday and Sunday brunch in T&T the chicken chilaquiles would be a sin to pass up. You might be thinking "who could go wrong with some chilaquiles?" And that would be an appropriate thought. Until you try them here. These are on a whole different level. If you are near this strip on a Saturday or Sunday morning between 11-3 and you do not hit up T&T for this breakfast from the gods.. You are doing yourself a major disservice.
5	I loved this place. Being a local it's hard to find a nice casual eatery that isn't super cheap and has great food. I've been here twice before, once for happy hour and then dinner on Saturday night. The service was great, the food came out very quick and it was delish! When dining again on the strip I will definitely be back. I'm not a fan of the Luxor Hotel, but I did very much love this place! Plus they have open table so I was able to make a reservation and get my points.
5	Awesome food and probably the best eat in the luxor. Again, it's Vegas so slightly over priced but the staff was quick and friendly and drinks were great. Awesome place to eat in the luxor.
4	The complimentary chips and salsa at the start was really good, I really liked the green salsa in the yellow dish, the red salsa wasn't my cup of tea though. We both got tacos for our meal, the tacos themselves were delicious but the sides you get with them (rice and a weird looking bean concoction) could improve. The strawberry margarita is fantastic and my partner was really happy with the beer selection. Our waiter was great, he was enthusiastic and helpful.
3	This review is for food only; this place is really only worth it for happy hour. Their regular food is way overpriced for Mexican food. Granted it is Vegas and it is in a hotel but seriously the ingredients cannot cost that much. The service was average.$5 for select appetizers. We got the mango habanero buffalo wings, nachos and the quesadilla. The wings were good but more on the sour side. The nachos were actually pretty good because they have the thicker chips which don't get soggy nearly as quickly. The quesadillas were unimpressive so I don't recommend those.
5	One of m favorite places to eat. All the food here is good. Located on the second floor of the Luxor next to the Titanic exhibit. You got music playing and when there is not you have a small group of Mexican singers with instruments singing at your table. The chopped salad is my favorite. Tortilla soup is pretty good. Homemade chips. Green salsa is the best. Not to fond of the red salsa. Bartenders are super nice. Love to eat at the bar. Usually don't wait long to get your food. Sort of a dark place. Not a lot of light Except at the bar. They have t.v's at the bar. Highly recommend it.
4	My husband and I had dinner there every single day while we were in Vegas. It was the only restaurant that was opened when we were hungry. I can't complaint. I tried for the first time the Mexican tamales there and I looked for those ever since at other Mexicans places and those are the best I ever remember. We are going back for his bday and we will go back there again to try it out once more. I just hope everything is as I remember it.
3	It really deserves a 3.5 but not quite sure it is a 4 out of 5. The salsas were not my favorite but the chips were really good. They have some good happy hour choices  in appetizers and drinks. However, the sangria was not very good. The barbacoa tacos which used lamb were really tasty! This was not something I have had in the past (lamb barbacoa). It could have been shredded a bit more but it was good. And there was tons of it. You could definitely share a plate with someone if you have some chips and salsa ahead of time. The shrimp tacos al pastor were also  very good and provided tons of food! The salad/pico de gallo side which you can get instead of rice or beans is decent also. Would I come back? Maybe. It was decent for sure. It is just a bit dark in the restaurant and not in a fun, trendy or romantic sort of way. It just seems a bit depressing. The service was also decent.
4	Very unique tastes of old traditional fare. Loved the meal and the spiced apple martini.  We will return if we ever make it back to town.
5	Shocked how good t and t is. It's the perfect hybrid of a San Diego / San Francisco taqueria, and a 4 star fine dining Mexican restaurant.The chips are freshly deep fries tortillas, the salsas are flavorful and fresh, and the drinks are top notch.The entrees shine. We got the #1 tacos in Vegas and they blew away our picky standards. (Were from sf and gf is Latin.) the bacon does indeed at a bit too much intensity, but it's thick cut and basically just adds the salt component. The carne is rich with the cheese and onions. So freaking good. Vegas food is blowing me away.
5	T & T is awesome~!!   We go there all the time even though we live 400 miles away~!!  The food is so tasty~!!  If you like Tequila this is a the place for you ~!  I like the Mariachi guys~!  The entire staff is fun and friendly and give amazing service.  Special thanks to Natasha, Melissa, Patrick, Alma and the entire staff.  Special thanks to G.M. Ryan for always taking care of us and thanks to the owner Michael for putting this place on the map in the Luxor.  It used to be La Salsa years ago and T&T blows it away.  Great Job, We'll be back soon.....  Cpt. Marky,Mark
3	I got a burrito with rice and beans. They all tasted ok (just ok), but the temperature was lukewarm. The chips were terrible. They tasted like old, burnt grease. We inquired with our waiter about the T&T souvenir glass drinks, but apparently they don't sell them in the restaurant. You have to go out to purchase them at a nearby drink stand. Portions were decent, but you would kind of expect more from the price tag.
3	There were limited options for dinner before the show we were seeing at the Luxor. The 20 year old ticket agent suggested T&T. Said it was great. I should have known we would not have the same palate. We started our meal with a set of mojitos. Our waiter indicated they were very good. I order them whenever I can so I have had my share of mojitos. These were very very sweet. I ordered club soda twice to add to our drinks to reduce the sweetness. Nothing saved these drinks. We didn't even finish half of it. Horrible.The chips and salsa were also not very good which is fairly unusual. Pretty easy to make good chips and salsa. I had tacos for dinner and my friend had a shrimp dish. Both were very average.Our server was friendly and even came around at the end and offered free tickets to the show. We already had purchased our tickets but the offer was very kind.I wouldn't go back to this restaurant because if I had known the Asian restaurant had a good menu I would have gone there.
4	Great fish tacos!
3	Luxor- from the hotel registration, go up the escalator to the right. We needed a quick bite to eat before our flight. Shared the Chicken Nachos... $15! With tax and tip, we just left a $20. They were pretty good nachos and a good sharing size but way too expensive for  nachos. Glad they were pretty good but wouldn't come back.
4	This place gets a bad rap. The food is good and the service was good, I am Mexican so I know what's good and I can tell what's not fresh, the only problem was the beans. They were a little...unappealing. but I will go back to eat there when I go back to sin city.
5	I love this place!!! :-) the only reason I tried it was because tacos and tequila are my two most favorite things in the world lol...well they got they both just right.  The tacos are delicious,  meat cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The margaritas are made just right, strong lol!!! I also recommend the shrimp civichie appitizer. It was a pleasantly surprising sweet instead of the usual. Great place !!!!
