5	I have a basement home with a full bath. We were having problems with the pump turning on and emptying the reserve tank into the city sewer. We called three different plumbers out, they didn't know what to do anGoogle emergency and called them to see if they could help. From the initial conversation with Michelle to make the appointment to Kyle and Kenvin showing up a few hours later and completing the job we have nothing but good things to say. Kevin started off by asking if any of the other plumbs had snaked the clean outs. Nope! Sure enough the one to the basement was plugged - part of the problem. We ended up needing a new pump, lid and other misc parts. Kevin did a great job. He went above and beyond. I will definitely be calling them again when I have plumbing needs. No more dealing with people how cant even think to snake the drains! Thanks!
5	We had them by for our pre sale inspection and service. Their flat rate for inspection was less than the other five or so places I called and they used radio frequency to locate the tank as opposed to scattered manual tapping. They were able to locate the tank quickly and broke and quickly fixed one simple sprinkler line which they had warned me beforehand happens more often than not. The guys showed me the tank, pumped it and inspected it. They showed me the baffle that needed replaced as well as the baffle that was in fine shape so that I had a visual comparison. They kept the hole open but roped off until the repair team came the next day. The repair went smooth and the charge was negligible in comparison to what septic repair can run. I learned quite a bit about how these systems work and the guys were more than happy to answer all of my questions. Great group of guys, really knew their stuff. The guy that did the repair suggested he return the next day to fill the whole as the grass was quite wet versus making a mess of the lawn with the small tractor. I kept the sprinklers off overnight and he retuned the next day to neatly fill the whole. They aren't landscapers and don't claim to be but the grass and work areas were presentable afterwards. The women running the phones were also very pleasant and easy to work with. Very something transaction for us. Much appreciated.
