5	For home owners with pools: we know how important it is to get the right advice, chemicals and equipment for our water to look right. When you go to Paddock or Leslies, you will probably deal with a local high school senior. At B&B Pools there is plenty of years of experience from which to get information. They have always been helpful, and the advice has been spot on! And they are a local small business, kudos for that as well!
5	Best pool store in the valley. Locally owned (SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS!!), the staff is always quick to help out with accurate advice and instructions. Prices are in many cases better than the chain stores. Their technicians do repairs and installs on time and with great skill.
5	I agree with Tom T's review - I left Leslie's for the same reasons he did - the staff there had no idea what they were doing. B & B came highly recommended to me from a co-worker and I have been going there ever since. Great customer service and very reasonable pricing.I have a Hayward Poolvac and I've had it rebuilt here at a much lower cost than Leslie's has charged me in the past. You can also purchase a new unit here for less than some internet stores, so if you are looking to replace yours, call B&B first and check their price.Check them out!
5	Very helpful service.  They really know what they are talking about, which is more than one can say for the big pool chain in town.
5	Been to B&B numerous time and I knew nothing about pool. No pressure service, with reasonable price and excellent results. Very knowledgeable staffs and they don't BS you with stuffs you don't really need. Highly recommended and I will definitely stick with this one.
5	We have been going to B & B for three years and have always been so impressed with the great customer service and affordable prices.  Today was no exception - we went in with our pool cleaner which had a broken piece that we thought might cause us to buy a replacement and the staff very quickly helped us, figured out a solution and made the repair quickly - it is working great again now.  We are very grateful to have a fantastic, local pool company to help us keep our pool in great shape!
5	I've lived in Tempe for about 41 years and been using B&B for about as long. Chuck used to own it and then he retired and his daughter took over.  She didn't miss a step.  Same down home attitude from the "old days" and the prices and knowledge are great. If you need to empty your pool, check out the price and then call home depot or any rental outfit.  Then go and rent your pump from B&B.  Tell em' Spanky sent ya. . . . and NO, I didn't get squat from them, except Great Service.
4	Great place! Much more knowledgeable staff and better prices than Leslies. Our pool cleaner stopped working, literally, on the bottom of our pool. We took it into Leslies and they said that everything looked good and for us to check our hoses for leaks and if there aren't any, to check our pool pump to make sure its working correctly. Lastly, if both seem fine, then they suggested we have the lines cleared out because maybe there are debris causing the pump/cleaner to not suck enough water to move it about.Did what he said, checked everything, and everything seemed fine. Called a few pool companies around the valley, but none serviced my area. This ended up being a good thing, because we probably saved money in the end. We decided to take our pool cleaner into B&B and they said they would take care of it, took our name & number, and our pool cleaner and said it would be ready by the following day. It was and the cost to fix it was MUCH less than we thought. Approx $60 to replace some parts on the machine. We were expecting over $100. Shoot, a 'service call' fee from the local pool service companies would of been about $50 alone.We took the cleaner back home and it worked like new. Great service, prices and most of all, KNOWLEDGEABLE staff.That can't be said enough.
5	Great prices and helpful staff. Free pool water tests and free advice to keep your pool crystal clear.
5	Bought a Zodiac MX8 Barracuda off of craigslist with some missing components. I had gone online and looked up all the stuff i needed and it was over $150.00 and if i was to go to Leslie's it probably would of been close to $300.  Decided to stop by B&B and they had everything i needed and i spent under $100. This place is definitely my go to pool store.
5	B & B Pools will beat any price you see at Leslie's hands down, and if you ever need any repair work done on pool equipment, you'll be looking at savings of anywhere from fifty to seventy percent from what Leslie's will quote you for parts and repairs.  All of the employees here are helpful and knowledgeable.  It's great to be able to support a local business while getting the best deal in town.
5	Helpful staff.  Good prices on most things here.Decent location.Parking is kinda lame but eh, that's not a big deal really.I'm all for supporting a local business.Oh, but hey, we need bigger containers of chlorine. Those 25 lb bucket just aren't enough for us.  Can you do that sometime soon?
5	Absolutely great service, with the same (or better) products as anyone else, but generally better prices. The staff is always friendly and helpful (and knowledgeable, too!).
5	Spent all day at 2 pool stores in mesa trying to replace my older single speed pool pump. Went round and round with one store trying to find a rebuilt motor that would fit with no luck. Went to another mesa store and they had nothing that would fit either, and I wasn't ready to splurge for the 1000 plus dollar variable speed system. B and B had the exact pump I needed, right size, everything and it was new not rebuilt. Cheaper than the Mesa store rebuilds too!  I wish I would've gone here first instead of spending 5+ hours at their competitors in Mesa!  This will be my go to store in the future!
2	Been buying chemicals off and on here for awhile, the prices aren't great and the staff can be hit or miss. The parking situation is awful but they are very nice about wheeling your chemicals out to the curb. We recently had some service done by B&B and this is where they are truly awful. The technician was not friendly at all and didn't want to answer any of our questions. This is after we paid $75 just for him to come out and the repair took only 5 minutes (this after they convinced us on the phone that it was a complicated repair that we should have them do.) I don't trust this company and wouldn't recommend them to a friend. They are okay for buying chemicals but definitely don't use them for service or parts.
5	This place is amazing. Weather your new to pool ownership or you have had one for 30 years. This place will help you get exactly what you need. They won't make you feel unintelligent if you don't ask the right question.Super friendly staff and plenary of them!
5	After getting ripped off by Leslies Pool for Pool supplies and repairs, I now go miles out of my way to shop at B & B for all my Pool needs.  They are HONEST and reasonably priced. All of their technicians are knowledgeable in Pool maintenance and  repair.
5	B&B has been helping me with my pool needs for over 20 years.  No matter how big or small my need, every single person I have ever worked with has been a complete expert.  This is not some corporate franchise. This is a real deal knowledgeable small business that cares.  They won't sell you something you don't need. Never had issues with any of their people in the field either, whether replacing my filter or troubleshooting my wiring.
