4	This eatery opened on November 15th.  Pretty gutsy thing to do, opening a restaurant in a recession within the shell of another that went out (China Star Restaurant).For what it's supposed to be, it does a very good job.  The food is fresh (crispy dishes are crispy, no wilting, no morsels cooked fast onto the serving tray) and tasty enough.  Good selection of Chinese dishes with some Korean and Japanese as well.It has a sushi area that was good, but not as good as it could be--it wasn't bad, but it wasn't restocked very often.A good value.I'll go again and take a co-worker or two as well.
4	Good times with good people. Ryan C Norm R Rand H Mike C We came, we ate, we reviewed. There should be some nice reviews from my fellow Yelper's. We each have our favorites and our dislikes. We all agree, this place was good. I will allow Rand to expand on the # of trays and the various types of food. I had a little bit of everything, except the sushi and some of the exotic seafood. I stuck to the fish and the shrimp. Hot and sour soup was good,but not too hot Dumplings were good Fried Rice was good Spicy Chicken Coconut shrimp Spare ribs Green beans Orange chicken Honey chicken Thin noodles (reminded me of ponciet) Fried fish Fried shrimp Beef and broccoli and some others All the food was good, fresh and had nice variety. They serve real Thrifty Ice cream, which is a nice treat.
4	Had an interesting breakfast today, since my Shanghai Boofay lunch was so early.  MikeC, NormR, RandH, DarenC, and I met up at the place which has recently opened in the carcass of the former original location of China Star Boofay, in the carcass of a former Red Lobster, near 43rd Ave and Bell Rd in North Phoenix.So since there will soon be several thorough reviews from notable Yelpilluminati, I will stick to those areas that are uniquely mine:Greasy~Crispy Spectrum:.-. 4 stars .-.  nothing was too soggy at all, and there was a crispy outside on very many dishes.  Bonus that the terryaki chicken appeared not to have been deep fried but perhaps baked.Discard Pile:.-. 4 stars .-.  i had very little to cut off or spit out (thinking even of the short ribs) and most dishes actually had absolutely zero Discard Pile.  Notable were both the honey and orange chicken, and a nice crisped-up outside on the wontons.McKenna Novelty Factor:.-. 5 stars .-. (here's another category, newly named, for how i judge a boofay, whether it's got the 'same old same old' or it has unique items that you can't get just anywhere)  Shanghai had several items that were pretty novel.  Scoop-it-yer-damn-self Thrifty ice cream in about 8 different flavors.  Sushi bar that included seaweed salad and other acoutrements.  Also of note was what Norm said was called a Dessert Soup, which had a yellowish syrupy looking liquid with a small amount of blanched peanuts and red grapes floating in it, along with what at first apeared to be bits of tripe, like in menudo! Norm later figured out that it was ceylon agar (just think of it as vegan gelatin - it's from seaweed!), and with the server's help, that the small round fruits that looked like small apricots or orange lychee, were in fact a chinese fruit called loquat, we supposed related to the cumquat, every gradeschool boy's favorite thing to call someone as a name, since it's a real fuit and how can you get in trouble for that?RyanC-isms:.-. 3 stars .-.  A few personal favorites were missing, such as bean sprouts and a General tsao-type chicken (the spicy chicken they had wasn't spicy at all, and was mostly jalapeno flavored).  I also wish I could have put some chocolate syrup on my ice cream.  The lone bowl of rainbow sprinkles made me wish for more of a sundae bar, although MikeC seemed to be doing very nicely with the cone(s)!  $7-something for lunch is just allright since it doesn't include the drink.   The decor is comfortable and clean.  The service was excellent, with plates cleared quickly, and friendliness all around.   The nice ladies found answers to our questions and even took our picture, too!
4	Myself and fellow Yelpers. Ryan C. Daren C. Norm R.and Rand H. met up at this above average chinese buffet. The food there was not bad they had a couple of dishes that were real taste like the honey chicken and the coconut shrimp. The staff were friendly and helpful try to explain a chinese fruit to us,i have already forgot what there called but you see them at alot of buffets (chinese).Anyway I had a great time there with the great company of fellow yelpers.And this place is worth a visit.  Oh ya they also have real icecream a real plus for me.
4	The food here, plus the company of the other yelp buffet aficionados (Rand H., Ryan C., Daren C., Mike C.)  made for a really great time. There are quite a number of things I find unusual here for a buffet restaurant. Who wouldn't love a buffet with a selection of *decent*  sushi, made fresh in its own section of the restaurant. To go with that, in the main buffet area they serve  vegetable tempura - again, something not frequently served in Chinese buffets. Baby octopus, seaweed salad, Korean kalbi, crayfish - more items uncommon in buffets. They also have the practice of putting smaller amounts of food on the serving trays, so that none of the food stays on the tray for an extended period and replenishment is more frequent. The dishes are mostly good, and the attentive and friendly staff makes the dining experience quite pleasant.  There's not much here in terms of misses; the only thing I didn't like was their shu mai, which was large but quite dry and had an off taste. They also have a good selection of desserts, including the usual baked goods, pudding, gelatin, fruits (fresh and in syrup), but here again they add an unusual touch: several tubs of real ice cream (not soft serve), and tong sui (Chinese dessert soup). Yay for Shanghai Super Buffet! I wish them success; definitely an addition to my list of buffets for repeat visits.
3	Went there for a sunday dinner with the family and I thought it was just ok.I have never really been much for buffets so I thought I would try it anyway.Kind of reminded me of the old place that was there except they had sushi and maybe next time I can go with someone that knows the different types so I know what it is that I am eating.
5	I saw all the reviews on this place and thought I would go here for lunch. The only bad thing I can think of is that it is too close to my work.  First thing I noticed was this place had Kim-chee, seaweed salad. and fried fish skin!!! They basically had me at hello. The seafood delight is the best I have tasted from a buffet. Very well flavored and not drowning in sauce and brocolli. The stuffed crab was great and they had vegie tempura that was good too. The short ribs were well seasoned. Everything I tasted was good considering it was a buffet. The dishes were always being refilled and I never had to wait for anything. Not having too much of a sweet tooth I decided to just walk by the dessert section. Big mistake! They had nilla waffers covered with banana pudding. Can you say comfort food? So I grabbed a little and on my way back to my seat I picked up a malisada (donut) and fried banana. All was good!
4	Went to this place over the weekend and was amazed by how packed it has become.  I've eaten here previously when I think it was owned by different people.  The food back then doesn't compared with what the foods like now.  Wow, for a buffet there is a lot of selection.  They have a raw sushi bar with someone preparing it right in front of you.  They have a good selection of Chinese food with the classic dishes that's everyone's favorite.   Along with that they have different seafood selections with Crab Legs, all you can eat..  I'm not a big crab leg eater, but people around me were bringing back piles and piles back with numerous servings of plates.  My dishes were a mix of different items, and all were good.  For desert they have ice cream and some other sweets to choose from.  I picked the ice cream and it was yummy.  Tasted like Thrifty's Ice Cream to me..   Price is cheap, and I have gone back a few times.  Every time I go back it seems more crowded, even a short wait if you have a large party.  But worth it if you have to wait.
5	Bumping this one up one more star. I went for the Sunday lunch today - kinda late (about 2 pm, after the main lunch crowd had been served), so my expectations were not too high. But instead I was surprised and delighted. The frequent replenishment of the trays meant that I always got freshly-prepared food. The sushi chef continued to be busy preparing fresh sushi which was quite good, especially for a buffet restaurant. But wait ... there were also different kinds of really fresh sashimi, and tuna tataki!  And there were fresh oysters! All the cold and hot items I got were very good. So many great choices, I had to skip some so that I could have dessert. As usual, the servers were friendly and attentive. And I'm glad I had room for the real ice cream and the apple strudel. For $9.99, it was a great Sunday feast.
3	Yup  I did it , I took the family to the Boofay and it didn't make us sick ! I am not usually a huge buffet kinda gal  but I was interested in trying this place and with the Recommendations of the S.C.A.B. Y . ( Superior Crew of Boofays of Yelp)  also known as Ryan , Daren, Rand, Norm and Iain. I was sure I couldn't go wrong . Taking in consideration of the genre of this establishment this was a pretty good operation. While a pungent sour smell hit you upon walking in  you quickly dismissed it upon the viewing of food.  The food was strongly  decent . My favorite was a chicken they named BBQ chicken , ironic because it was a light teriayki , but whatever, it's their restaurant and they can name it whatever they like. But it wasn't BBQ.They also had  ---wait for it ---Crab legs.. cool !!  The other items were good and looked good: Veggies on the line still looked fresh and not overcooked. They had some interesting fish concoctions with shrimp and octopus  that caught my interest. The sushi line looked once again, decent but of course tasted only okay.  Orange Chicken and Beef Rib  tasted good .There was also big assortment of shrimp dishes , for a minute I went all Bubba Gump .. Fried Shrimp , Salt and Pepper Shrimp, Shrimp Tempura, Cold Shrimp, Coconut Shrimp then I remembered its 2010  and I snapped out of it.  They also had a few desserts which we didn't try and Ice Cream which the kids fully appreciated. For the price of 10.00 a person it was reasonable if you take into consideration its a  Chinese Buffet. We decided this a good place to go if you are craving Panda express or Teriakyi  Chicken .  Service was good and we got in and out of there relatively easily.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because it's better than the competing buffet places nearby for the $8 price per person.Most items are the typical Chinese buffet fares. They have a good sizable selection of shrimp and crab cooked items. What really helps this place were their variety of sushis, fine crafted temaki, and miso soup. Japanese food is supposed to be fresh and colorful and takes lots of prep work to make so I definitely appreciate the fact they succeeded in this.This is a recommended place to come if you are looking for specific items catered to your taste and low fat diet; I came for China and got Japanese.  Also good for taking kids and those who desire to grow their waistline.
1	Horrible food, went there for lunch today at 1 p.m. had to constantly wait for trays to be filled. Once the food did come out it was plain horrible. Selection  was weak compared to other buffets.....meats were fatty and food was greasy. I ended up eating mushrooms and broccoli from the beef n broccoli. The place was grungy and the workers were unpleasant. This place is sub-par even for a buffet joint. I am not too picky but I warn you choose a different buffet. Even Great Wall is better than this place.
3	This is a nice little buffet to come to for a quick cheap lunch. Maybe not that quick, since it is a buffet and I do like to take my time eating. Shanghai Buffet had a decent variety of food to choose from and seemed to have a steady flow of customers for lunch time which is usually a good indication. The staff here was really nice and the service was excellent.I got a little bit of everything just to try and the food was...food. It wasn't bad, and it wasn't OMGYUM good, it was just...food! I don't really know how to explain that, but to sum it all up - I'd come back here if I wanted to eat at a cheap buffet and I was in the area.
4	Dinner is about $10 at this place. They added a few more selections on top of the already tasty and plentiful lunch selection. There's always seating available and the place is decently clean.This is the best Chinese buffet (with limited good Japanese sushi) within a 15 mile radius that I've eaten. The food is authentic (not Americanized) and has a flavorable blend , inherent in original Chinese restaurants.
4	Great Sushi, service has always been prompt
1	Hersey squirts immediately after eating here.  Couldn't even cut the dumplings with a fork.  Everything was stagnant and nothing new was cooked while I was there for lunch.  NEVER AGAIN.
4	A friendly staff at a Chinese buffet?  Really?  Why should it be such a surprise? I couldn't tell you... but it is.  And here, they are friendly.  Does it matter?  Not really; not unless they don't clear away the sea of plates you have generated from trip after trip after gut busting trip to the buffet table.  But nonetheless, they are friendly.  So walk in with a smile, why don't cha?  I have been here for lunch, and I have been here for dinner.  There is always as significant amount of seafood available, even for lunch.  But if you want tons of seafood, hit it for dinner.  They have snow crab legs (which are actually fairly fresh, unlike at most other buffets), oysters, and multiple shrimp dishes that aren't available for lunch.  But even at lunch you can get shrimp a 1/2 dozen ways and a few other fish dishes.  And they have a sushi bar that is consistently manned, with more options than your usual token Chinese buffet sushi corner, including Nigiri, Maki, Sashimi, and others, along with the usual Sushi sides and condiments.  This buffet also has the usual Chinese buffet options, along with a cold salad bar, an array of desserts, and 8 kinds of ice cream.  And for the unenlightened in your group, there is even french fries and pizza. The quality of the food here is high-end indeed.  It is best to go at busier times, because the food is refreshed more often, making your selections fresher.  I would give it five stars, but at off times some of the less popular dishes are not replenished eagerly enough by the staff, and the quality starts to wane, but only subtly.  Look for coupons in the Marketplace Clipper if you live nearby.
5	My first review is a year old now, and I'm still eating at Shanghai Buffett 3-4 times a month for lunch.  I'm a big fan.Norm R's right, they deserve the 5th star.  (not that they're a ritzy place, but to judge each establishment against only it's own category, this is really the best of the large chinese buffets in north phoenix)Michael K makes a great point about the friendliness of the service.  90% of the staff is very smiley and friendly, and also extremely Service-Oriented.  This is a rare quality, in this rushed world where so many clerks and servers seem to be simply 'phoning it in'.  Your dirty plates will disappear and your drinks will seem to refill themselves.Variety and freshness are simply what I've come to expect from Shanghai.
4	The coconut shrip is the best! My family & I go here once every few months. We like it a lot. I went here a lot when I was pregnant with my twins who are now 15 months old & they still remember me & my kids even if we havnt gone in awhile.
4	The atmosphere here is fairly standard for an oriental buffet--nothing too special but didn't notice any cleanliness issues so was satisfied.  I found the general selection to be quite broad, prices fair (coupons can be found online or in Entertainment book, etc), and the food was good.  No complaints and would probably go back the next time I crave oriental food.
4	Ate there with my kids last week Not bad Worth a try
5	We love this place . We would recommend it to any one who like chinese food. We have been to most of the chinese buffets in and around Phoenix, including Crazy's in Tempe and this one is by far the best. We eat there twice a month and are on our way there now for the crab legs and oysters on half shell. Might also it is very reasonable in price.
1	This place is just ok. Restaurant is dirty especially the restroom. Makes me wonder what the kitchen look like. I won't be back.
2	I like to call this place Chinese Christmas Buffet. They always have Christmas decorations out. Foods... meh.. its ok.
2	I came here looking for a Chinese buffet that was decent. I left feeling pretty underwhelmed. If you like seafood then this is definitely your joint. Sadly, I won't touch the stuff so the food options were pretty limited for me. Minus big points. The food wasn't stellar but it was better than some places I've been to where it feels like things have been sitting out all day. Service wasn't rude but definitely not outgoing in any way. Can't say I'd ever have a reason so come back. Disappointing... :(
4	My wife and I are fairly new to Phoenix and have been enjoying exploring all types of restaurants all over the area. I personally love Chinese buffets but have found many in Phoenix sub par to what I"ve experienced in Denver and Chicago. However the Shanghai is the exception. The seafood offerings are very good with a wide variety of shrimp dishes, clams, fresh oysters and mussels (which I would prefer cooked in a black bean sauce) The barbecue ribs are spot on! They is plenty of other non seafood dishes that please my wife, who unlike me is not a seafood nut. Sushi is okay and the desert bar is on par with other buffets. Give it a try on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights.
4	Tasting something delicious from a buffet  ANY BUFFET usually never happens because it is always at best just A-OK or not so good or a spit out . I tasted Mongolian beef that was absolutely delicious , beef ribs that were meaty and not fatty , tasty flavorful spicy white fish , juicy chicken sticks and bok choy that was sauteed with hand chopped fresh garlic and finished with a hot fresh donut . This is not the prettiest buffet and not the biggest but I would call it  take out quality . (if you are lucky enough to have good Chinese take out near your home) with good service . I do note that all buffets change things up and HOPEFULLY the next selections will be just as tasty and fresh .A chain Chinese Buffet will be opening almost next door behind Freddy's Custard that will be new and prettier but if the taste of good food from Shanghai is a world a part in difference .
4	Been there a few times... have not been disappointed yet!
5	This is a great place. My wife and our 2 year old daughter came here for lunch and it was great! The food and the service were fantastic. Can't wait to come back again.....
5	If you like China buffets for lunch, this is your place. It was clean, there was a good selection of food including several tasty chicken dishes, they offered decent sushi(we all know it's usually terrible at buffets!), and there were no foul odors when I walked in. Next time it's a China buffet day, I will definitely go back to Shanghai Buffet.
4	Slightly pricey for a buffet, but for a good number of choices, it works out..!
5	This is the best chinese buffet in North Phoenix.  Pros:  They have a sushi chef.  Try finding that anywhere.  They have all the regular dishes you'd expect at a chinese buffet.  Good quality and hot.  Cheap.Cons: Limited on the salads.  Sometimes, something that looks like a salad or just plain lettuce.  The front door hasn't been cleaned since 1962.  The men's room urinal has had a black plastic bag on it since I've been going there for 3 months.  (Come on, fix the damn thing).  Both bathroom doors have not been cleaned since, well you get the idea.Overall, I drive past a couple of other Chinese buffets to get here.  It's worth the trip.
5	I am not normally a fan of Chinese buffets, however, this one has been consistently wonderful each time! My husband and I have been there multiple times, and on each occasion there is warm, tasty food and a huge selection. Location -- The location itself is fairly clean and a decent size. The booths are large and comfortable. The tables with chairs look comfy, but I haven't ever tried them. Oh and the bathrooms are VERY clean ( I can only speak for the womens one! ).. which was a surprise in itself, considering so many businesses do not take care of their bathrooms for some reason. Sushi --- unlimited sushi is included in the cost of the buffet too! If they do not have something you like, but have the ingredients, they have custom made one for me every single time. Staff -- Super friendly and very attentive. Our glasses barely get to half full before someone is asking us for a refill. Our plates are cleaned up promptly as well. Food selection -- they have a large selection and everything I have tried has been good to excellent. Anything you would except at a Chinese buffet and then some other extra stuff. As mentioned, they do not really have a salad, but I don't think most people who go to a Chinese buffet are there for the salad! The dessert section is decent, however most of it is bleh. But by the time you have the excellent tasting food, there is usually no room for dessert. They do however have self serve ice cream and that is usually always good!  The crab rangoon is probably the best I have ever had here in Phx. The price is excellent - for 2 people we can have dinner and drinks with tip for about 30$. Since this includes sushi, it is a great deal. They do have crab legs at dinner, however, with crab, you kind of get what you pay for! I believe the lunch buffet is like 20$ for two people with drinks included. So if you like Chinese food, give them a try, I am almost positive you will not be disappointed.
4	Good food, no complaints.  I was suprised though that half of the items offered weren't Chinese at all (fruit, pudding, dessert, fries...) I was a little disappointed that it cost us over $6 for my three year old to eat some fruit and a bowl of ice cream,  but oh well. I would come back,  just without the kids.
5	For $12-13 or so, I enjoy about $50 worth of appetizers.  The equivalent of 4 shrimp cocktails, a variety of 5 different styles of sushi, 3 or 4 items on the half shell, all the ginger I want, various crispy salads.  And that is my dinner.  Other times, I lean toward the various BBQ meats, seafood.  Right through a large selection of ice cream flavors scooped from their huge containers.  The service is attentive and the atmosphere is nice.  I have driven all around the Valley to find the best Asian buffet, and this is it.  I pass another on Bell Road just to get there.  I highly recommend it.
3	Decided to try this place out since it got lots of good Yelp reviews. It's not too bad; it's ok. Probably one of the better Chinese buffets I've had - but no means "off the chart" great.  It was palatable and served its purpose of getting some substance for lunch hour. The place was nice; the waiter and hostess were nice; perfect place to get away from the office for an hour and not be hurried or harassed by a waiter. They had a TV on ESPN, so I got to catch some of the Dbacks trade news (Goodbye Ian Kennedy), so it was an enjoyable hour.prolly more like 2-1/2 stars.
1	This was the worst buffet experience of my life!! My family of 6 and I went out to eat at 7:00 on a Wednesday and the place stunk even before we walked in, but we bravely walked in. Then were hit by a pungent fish odor and were a little wary but still wanted to eat!!! So we got our plates and then aimlessly began walking around looking at ALL of the dried out meats and sparsely filled trays. Everything we tried tasted like it has been sitting there for hours. We tried to fill our plates but everything we tried was horrible. All 4 of my kids hated all of their food and they are NOT picky eaters! It was there request to go to Chinese. After everyone was tired of being disappointed by the food choices and sending back full plates of food. We tried to get some ice cream.. OH MY GOSH --- I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO GROSSED OUT!!! The "Scoop" for the ice cream had mold on it and was attached to the wall sitting in a bowl of brown ice cream water. SO DISGUSTING!!! I asked to waitress to please bring us a new "scoop" and she brought us a spoon to get our ice cream out of the 20 gallon buckets.. A soup spoon people.... So when I walked up with my almost $80.00 bill and told them how unhappy I was with there food, service, and cleanliness of their establishment. The offered me 10 percent off lol or they would call 911--- I let them call 911 because someone was going to have to force me to pay for something I would not give to my neighbors dog....... WHICH THEY DID!! They called the police on my family (remember we have 4 children) because we did not want to pay for the worst eating experience I have ever had. DO NOT EAT HERE!!
1	The food is better than average for a buffet, BUT... the cracked and chipped dishes are a concern. The walls are filthy, so I will pass on a next time..or until they just make a few common sense improvements. The food is pretty good.
1	I'm not a fan of buffets but my husband and I happen to be in the area and figured we'd give it a try..  The bucket of trash before we walked in the dirty door was a red flag, but we were already there and my husband was hungry and grumpy.. I could only eat the soup and one piece of a chicken wing. I tried the egg roll.. It tasted like styrofoam.  The clientele was mostly families who let their kids touch every spoon on the buffet. Bottom line, this place was gross..
2	I had the opportunity to try this place for lunch on a business trip. I was not impressed. I would never take the wife here. It was very fishy smelling on the way in. Very dated. The bathrooms had a sewer stink.  Some of the food was good, but most of it I could have done without. $11.00 with tip.
2	Sorry, I'd have to give this place a 2-stars. I'm not trying to bitch at this restaurant at all, although I really want to give it a 3-stars but I just feel like it doesn't deserve it, at least for now anyways... If we're happened to be here again and if the quality exceeds my current rating, I'll definitely be fair and write an updated version!Our first time to this place was on a weekday and the food was not "eatable," in my taste. The egg drop soup smelled like they have used a few rotten eggs to cook. I got a small bowl and hate wasting food although it's a buffet. Unfortunately, after half of the spoonful I had to take a big gulp of water to wash down this horrible taste of rotten eggs. Never mind I thought, I'll get a Miso soup to eat with Sushi instead! Omg, I felt like I had just swallow a huge chunk of salt from the Miso soup. What on Earth is this... Super-super salty! It wasn't like I scooped from the bottom of the soup when I got it (you know how it's always more salty as you reach to the bottom of the soup.) In addition, the Sushi rice was sour and then too much cream cheese in the rolls, that makes the whole pieces just plain sour! Awesome, another huge gulps of water! We all know the rule of thumb for going to a buffet is don't drink too much water, right? It made me wonder if their chef even try to taste his/her food after he/she had made them. Because it got to the point that those dishes that I mentioned above were NOT eatable! Other dishes were OK... quite frankly, not good but eatable. As I was eating bits of other dishes, I noticed that one of the cooks brought out a pot of hot water and dumped the whole thing into the Miso soup. O.K.... You might think that it's normal to do that! I don't think so, especially at a restaurant. It makes customers feel like they don't care about their food. What I think they should have done is they should take the whole soup pot back and re-cook on the stove with more water added, using the appropriate temperature. That way the tofu, seaweed and the broth can all be at the same temperature. Have you ever eaten a soup that the broth is hot but all other stuff in there is either warm or cool? Well, that's how it's gonna taste like when you use a quick fix method like that after the soup has been sitting out for at least 15 minutes.I appreciate the fact that the manager tries to make the space around the food area clean by keeping an eye on the floor. But I wish that he would have been a little more thoughtful in considering the taste of the food as well, and perhaps hire someone that knows how to make sushi or sushi rice! Because the sushi rice honestly tasted like they have dumped a whole lot of vinegar in there. Maybe, it was an accident... Who knows! But I don't appreciate their business mentality of making their food. If it needs to be fixed, then fix it properly, because people do pay to eat. It doesn't matter what prices you charge, it can be cheap, expensive or average, but the QUALITY is what makes a business succeeed!
4	I like this place. Granted it's not the best Chinese food I've ever had but for the price I am satisfied. It's close to home so my husband and I get meals to go quite often. The staff knows us now. They are always very friendly. Most of the food is very good. I've gotten only a couple of things that have been too salty like the steamed fish. I like a lot of the food though such as the sesame balls, shrimp cocktail and mussels. The fried shrimp is really good too.
5	Some yelpers get on the "no chain restaurants" idealistic bandwagon, which is a worthy cause, if not taken to an extreme form of foodier-than-thou pretension. However, there seems to be a lack of acknowledgment that the lowly, oft-forlorned, buffet and other Chinese restaurants are almost always independently, family-owned and run, local businesses.   Seeing the same employees everyday, obviously working 12+ hour shifts, sometimes with their children sitting in a booth doing school work, is the epitome of the local indie ideal. They are making a small profit margin , too (otherwise they might upgrade the interior amenities more often), so cut them some slack and if you know you don't like a buffet format, then don't go to one and give a bad review because a chef didn't plop your steaming hot dish from his pan to your plate, or because someone brought their grubby children for a bargain priced night out.Shanghai is still one of tastiest buffets in north phoenix.  The food is very good , judging against other restaurants of it's kind, of course, this is a qualified 5 stars. One cannot go in expecting fine dining atmosphere and expect to pay less than $10 for their meal if one is of sound mind.  I'm not sure what some reviewers expect when they start their comments off with a phrase like "i dont even like buffets" and then proceed to rip a place apart because other people were touching the serving spoons! I wish I was an owner here. I'd make no effort to kiss the butt of the customers trying to walk all over me.  ( The staff is very friendly to regulars, as well as angelicaly patient with grumpy, demanding, difficult customers.  )  I'd tell them to take their pretentious, trying-not-to-pay $80 butt and gtfo. Criticisms of the place being old are warranted, and there is a lack of cold salad greens. The latter is made up for with some delicious veggie dishes of bok choy, green beans, broccoli, and/or spinach hot dishes. There are slower days, and especially slower times of day when you may not see many customers  and the food may replenish a little slower. When the Friday night or Saturday afternoon rush is on though, both the restaurant and crowd of customers seem to gell into a single well oiled machine. PS There are almost always coupons available from Val pak, Clipper, etc.
5	It has been awhile since we had been there so I wanted to update my review, and it is still a 5 star chinese buffet with good prices and we have never had any thing but tasty good food there.We love the sushimi and sushi bar, crab legs ,oysters, mussles.shrimp.My wife loves the fried bananas. We have been to many of the chinese buffets in and around Phoenix and this one is the best by far for us.
1	Based off of the recent reviews, I was looking forward to trying this place out. Walking into this place was a SHOCK.Sticky tables with a visible layer of grime? CHECKMonths (years??) of dried on food flecks on the walls? CHECKdirt & debris in every corner? check check CHECKWe were super hungry so we decided to just deal with the "ick" factor. Although the cleanliness was pretty sketch, the food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. The sushi was pale in color which scared me a little. I was excited to see they had oysters but when I looked at them, it looked like someone had picked out the smallest and cheapest ones to serve. They mix in a ton of cabbage into their seaweed salad (an obvious attempt to stretch out their supply with a cheap add in). And fried foods as far as the eye could see-if you don't like fried foods, you would be hard pressed to find something to eat. The only item that was REALLY BAD was their baked salmon (it was AWFUL) which tasted like it had been on the line for DAYS. All their sauces tasted like a bunch of sugar had been dumped in them.I will say, the toasted/fried squid was amazing, almost made up for the whole outing.....Almost.Had a wee bit of difficulty getting our check because our server was busy watching the game on the tv....seriously, the guy was standing in the middle of the dining area just staring at the tv, really put me off. Chance of us coming back here? How do I put it......Scientology would have a better chance of being recognized as the one true religion than us coming back to this place.
4	I've eaten here a few times now and the food has always been very good.  For me it's a 30 minute drive to get here, but it's worth the trip to get to a good Buffet.  I may not eat here often, but when I do, I know it'll be worth it.
1	After I read the reviews about this Shanghai Buffet. I still want to give it a try. And this is the first time we go to this place. We will never go back. It just waste my money and time and everything else. None of the food taste good to me. No wonder why it was so empty when we first arrive there! Next time when you walk into an empty restaurant, you should know why. Don't waste your money!
1	There is very little redeeming about this place.  The food is subpar and frankly just bad in most cases.  I sampled 10 items and the only thing remotely good was the rice and frankly how could they F up rice?  I literally will never come here again and in hoping and hoping I don't end up sick before the end of the day.Side note: It took 2 hours before I was sick.  I should have known better.The building is old and dirty.  I don't see their health dept rating but I doubt it has an A in it.  Yuck.  I think I need a shower now.
4	I've been to several buffet places and this one it top of the list. Great selection, plays regular music, fresh sushi, crawfish, crab legs, oysters, and much much more.
3	I will give three stars just on the fact that it's right around the corner and I haven't fallen ill, other than that I've had better in the way of Chinese buffets. It's certainly not the worse, just take the food and the overall look, I've been to better...
2	I took my niece here on a Monday night, so it could have just been because it was so slow, but the food was mostly terrible. The Orange chicken was pretty good, honey chicken also acceptable, but all seafood options tasted horribly bad. Even the peel and eat shrimp (how do you mess that up??) Tasted like it had been thawed, refrozen and thawed again. Desserts were also bad, I was excited to see coconut macaroons, but they were soggy and bad. Only thing keeping this place from 1 star was the friendly service, and a handicap being a slow weeknight. Probably will not be back.
1	Trust the one star reviews here - it's bad.  I don't know the motivation of those leaving 4 or 5 stars but they couldn't possibly have eaten here.  Unfortunately for us we thought the average rating of 3 and a half or so was good enough considering we didn't plan and were in a hurry to find something.   Upon arrival you will be welcomed with a greasy filthy stinky entry door that's never been cleaned.  Let that be a warning.  It's not too late to turn around.  I wish we had.
1	I'll never come here again. Ate lunch looking forward to sushi and it was horrible. After chewing on it for a long time I finally tried some orange chicken, grilled chicken and beef and brocoli. Well I got what I expected from a buffet. For dessert I tried watermelon which was probably the best thing about the whole place. Mixed that with grapes, strawberries and bananas topped off with strawberry juice which made the bananas really soggy.For a buffet, I didn't expect more or less. But the bill came to be $25 for 2 people. When I asked to get the bill separate it came to be $8 a person. Don't know where the extra ~$10 came from...
2	First time here, the food was good. Second time here, it was okay. Now, not so much. Doesn't seem fresh. Everything a bit flavorless.Won't be back.
4	I was rather surprised to see their big selection.  Some of the foods tasted like they had come from a frozen packaging i.e the wontons.  BUT I was really shocked when I tasted their sushi! It's pretty darn good! It's the first Chinese buffet that has good sushi that I've seen in AZ.
4	It's taken me 3 years to circle back around to Shanghai Buffet here & I came in hopes that they would still be putting out at least a 3-Star Buffet.  You never know with these places, & sometimes they slip down, down, down.  To my joy and dining delight, that was NOT the case here today!Upon entry I received a friendly greeting from the hostess and got situated in a comfortable booth, a little after opening time  Before long, a good crowd of customers built up, which is always a good sign, especially on an ordinary weekday.     :-)From the generous selection of 102 food items, plus sauces and dressings, I started with some good Hot & Sour Soup, a bunch of pieces of different, delicious Sushi, salad, tasty fresh fruit, and some of a delicious, blended seaweed dish that I haven't seen elsewhere.Later treats included some just right Fried Rice, awesome Short Ribs, a barbecued pork chop, REAL Egg Foo Young (not a hockey puck!) with appropriate gravy, fried shrimp with really good Cocktail Sauce, and lots more, ending up with my choice from 8 kinds of real Blue Bunny ice cream.Everything was right with the dining room, the food and the service here today, and at this price of just $7.99/$7.19 Sr. it was a high 4 Stars, at least!     :-))
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =So sad, so sad!  Shanghai Buffet here has closed, and the surprise to me is that I was just there on the 1st with everything seeming fine, and they were busy!     :-((
5	so sad that they are locked up tight with a notice on the door and thier phone is out of service.  'guess they didn't pay the bills.  i joked that i had $50 worth of appetizers plus bbq, etc., every visit and that i would probably put them out of business.  hey guys, i didn't mean it.  and now i miss you.on the way back, i stopped at the asian super buffet on bell rd. near 7th st.  'first time in years.  they were as bad as ever.i have tried some across the north valley from scottsdale to sun city.  none have compared to shanghai buffet.can anyone recommend a super buffet that is anywhere near as good as shanghai?  without going to shanghai, that is.  :)
3	Was pretty impressed with the spread.  Everything was good PLUS good sushi & a Blue Bunny Ice Cream dipping cabinet with six flavors.  The food was fresh & there was a good variety.The only drawback was they charge for soft drinks.  This seems to be the ongoing Chinese Buffett trend these days.  I'm not a fan of it at all- it's a Buffett!  The drinks should be built into the cost.
