5	Very cool kids salon specializing trend-setting cuts and styles. They have With a bright, bold graphic floor and children's artwork on the walls, kids of all ages will fell very much at ease here. The cute character barber chairs and play area for while you wait round out the fun. Lollilocks also does kids makeover-themed parties, and offers styling classes for Moms (& Dads!) to learn how to fix their child's hair in the latest and greatest styles!
4	My kids love this place.  and for a kid to love getting their hair cut that says something.  everytime we drive by they can recognize it and they always tell me that is where they get their hair cut, and then retell the story.  Lollilocks has made raving fans out of my kids and me.
4	My kids absolutely loved this place. Today my wife tried calling to make an appointment for them but the phone wasnt working, so she decided to just stop in. Unfortunately, they were closed, gone out of business. Bummer.
1	The return of Lollilocks Salon is HORRIBLE. My daughter used to love getting her hair cut here- in fact, we had her 1st haircut here and it was awesome. Then they closed for awhile and have recently reopened! We were so excited- visited today and on a Sat. afternoon there was only one girl working who looked like she could have cared less...was told they were waiting for their "appointment" to show up and that we would need to wait "while I cut this kid real quick". Um- no thanks! Wouldn't want her to rush through my daughters hair for someone else either. Went to SnipIts where the experience is always great. Too bad- as this was one of our favs- they have also removed a LOT of their chairs and it just seemed dirty in there.
2	I took my daughter here for the first time to have a fun experience and I have to say I'm not all that impressed. The store had no other customers, the girls behind the counter looked thirteen, and seriously this place was filthy. The play place had hair everywhere and everystation was filled with hair. Have they ever thought to clean up a little. The only thing I enjoyed was the bow and glitter. Other then that I probably won't be back especially for that price cost cutters cand do just as good for half the price
