4	To call Five Guys the east coast version of In-N-Out does a great disservice to them and their burgers.  Yes they both hand cut their fries in the store, but where In-N-Out uses vegetable oil Five Guys uses peanut oil and offers Yummy Cajun Fries.Their burgers are also freshly made in the store.  The best part though is that there is no stupid secret menu that you need to memorize in order to get the burger exactly how you want it.  Five Guys has it all spelled out for you and a wide selection of toppings and condiments to choose from.
4	I definitely prefer In&Out to Five Guys as far as taste in their burgers, however Five Guys fries are so much better than In & Out's shrimpy little ones. I guess it's just a matter of east vs. west coast and where you are. I do find Five Guys more filling than In&Out as well, but I think their meat is less flavorful at Five Guys...When I'm Pittsburgh and there is no freakishly cheap In&Out, this is one of the only fast food places I would go.
2	Unimpressive if this is the east coast version of In-N-Out.DEVASTATING:- Forgot to put onions in my burger even though I specifically asked for them.- Tasteless fries.- Low quality beef with chunks of fat in it.- Super greasy.- No shakes to wash it down?- Water costs money.- Messy tables and chairs with the last guy's grease all over 'em.GOOD:- It really is five guys working there!  When one guy went off duty, another guy appeared instantly.- Looks like an authentic burger.  And the fries look really unique.  Wish they tasted unique.- Tastes ok until about halfway through... then it's painful.  Maybe the portions are just too big.- Take credit cards.- Free peanuts to chomp on while you wait.
4	I know it's a chain and I try not to review chains, but damn are these burgers and fries good.  However, I'd heard other compare them to in n out on the left coast and I'd disagree because while they are quite good they do not compare to the first time I fell in love (in n out burger).  Okay, went here with Mom yesterday for lunch.  I was a bit surprised to find it relatively empty and no wait at all.   The cashier greeted us with a warm, genuine smile and even gave mom a compliment on her blouse.  She knew how to work the tip jar.  I ordered the "little" bacon cheeseburger and it was plenty big and really reasonable priced.  I had it with sauteed onions and mushrooms (no extra charge) and a bit of mayo.  Mom was more traditional with a "little" burger with L, T, O and ketchup and mustard.  We ordered one drink to share and a "regular" cajun fries.  The total cost was under $13 and we had plenty of fries left over.  The burger itself was really flavorful, juicy, and the bun was soft and warm.  The fries were some of the best I've ever had in any restaurant.  I think it's because they are fresh cut daily and double fried in peanut oil.  The restaurant only serves burgers and fries, so not to much to think about.  I don't really care that they don't serve milkshakes I think I did enough artery clogging with the bacon cheeseburger and fries.  Tessaros is still the best hands down, but if you are looking for a great quick burger and friendly service for Mickey D's prices.  This is the place to go.  I will become a regular.
3	3.5 stars would be more appropriate.  Menu is limited so make sure the people who are going with you like burgers.  The burgers are descent and the buns are tasty but they aren't something to crave.   I was expecting the prices to be lower and this will deter me from going often as a 99 cent Jr bacon cheeseburger can give me my quick fix.  The fries are nice and crispy and will be the reason i continue to go back.
4	Wow!  Five Guys' burgers taste close to what you'd get if you made them yourself in your backyard.  The beef is never frozen, and the fries are made fresh as well.  It really makes a difference, and while the end result is a little spendy for fast food, it's definitely worth the price.  Plus, you can add any number of toppings (mushrooms, onions, etc.) at no extra cost.
4	I never understood the craze about In'N'Out but I can understand the craze about Five Guys - because they're better! That's right! And they have cajun fries. Far superior to tiny, dry west coast fries.1. Five Guys  2. In'N'Out.End of story.Sorry California.
4	wow. in n out... take a back SEAT baby!These are some seriously good burgers man. there was a sign on the window that said "the best 5 bucks you can spend on a burger." i would have to agree. for starters, the meat patties are literally twice as big as the ones in n out, and they give you two. you can pick from tons of toppings... pickles, grilled onions, mushrooms (the ultimate), lettuce, tomatoes, ketchup, mustard, etc. i got the grilled onions, mushrooms, pickles, tomatoes, and lettuce, with some mustard. man that bad boy was FAT. it really was quite a good burger, i'd prefer it over any restaurant burger. the meat was defintely fresh and juicy, didn't taste frozen. the bun was nice and moist and chewy. the ingredients were fresh. wow. only 5 bucks. sure a whole in n out meal costs 5 bucks, but u wont get a burger like this on the west coast. i think theres one in cerritos though..the fries... my friend loved. they taste like boardwalk fries. apparently theres cajun fries i ddn't get to try those, but these fries are better than in n out for most people. i think i got used to in n out fries so i like em anyway. but note to self, get cajun fries.and oh. all you can eat peanuts if you want. what a nuttin good deal.
4	The only thing comparable to In-N-Out here is the decor. The food, price, and options just aren't similar enough for a real comparison.What I really like at Five Guys is the ability to pick any and all of the toppings and not have to pay extra, with the exception of bacon and cheese. The regular size left me disappointed as it is simply two patties from the "little" size, and not a thicker, juicier patty (as Carl's Jr. does with their regular and "$6 burger" versions). I much prefer the "little" size as the meat/veggie ratio is more ideal. The cajun fries also disappointed me as they are simply regular fries with seasoned salt thrown on them.Now, as I am originally from California, and since everyone is making that annoying comparison I might as well put in my .02 for potential customers. The buns feel store-bought, fresh from the bag on Aisle 6, not the toasted ones of INO. The fries are pretty good - typical more of a restaurant than of fast food (though I really like INO fries). There are no shakes. =( It is not as cheap as INO, but close to the same value. You pay more but get more. If you're like me, a fan of toppings (peppers, bbq sauce, grilled onions and mushrooms at no extra charge), you will love this place. If you prefer the subtle freshness and simplicity of INO you will not find that here.Right now I couldn't place 5G above INO, nor could I place it below. They each have their strengths and weaknesses. If 5G offered the sweet potato fries from down the street, had better buns and/or offered shakes, I would rate them above INO.
5	BEST BURGER.  Ever. Free peanuts, good prices & awesome portions.  Their little burgers can be 5 inches in thickness if you tell them to put on lots of stuff.
3	Great burgers, but it's hard to get the cost right when you're eating alone, since the portions are completely wrong for individual diners at lunchtime. The words they use for sizes are very poorly calibrated, with their idea of "small" being a normal place's idea of "large." They do this to upsell you to more food than you need.I'm a guy, 6'3", and I've got a big appetite, but their "little" burgers are definitely adequate for lunchtime. The "regular" burgers, by comparison, are the same as the "little" burgers, just with two beef patties instead of one. So in other words, it's totally a marketing thing designed to upsell you to more food than you need. "Little" is actually "regular", and "regular" is actually "extra large."Unfortunately, fries work the same way. The "regular" fries are the smallest size on the menu, but they're easily large enough for two people. In other words, the minimum amount of fries you can order is still, in effect, an "extra large."I guess maybe this is just designed as a group place. So if you're a lone diner, be prepared to buy too much food if you really want to get a burger AND fries. If you get a little burger and a regular fries, it's the equivalent of another place's regular burger and extra large fries.Overall, three stars, because the food really is very good. It's just a shame they have a deceptive sizing/price structure.
4	Best fast food burgers you can get ANYWHERE. I spent the summer in CA and had In n Out Burger a few times, and there's no comparison. The toppings and fries make it the best. Load up your burger fo' free.
5	I can't believe I never reviewed Five Guys! They have some of the best burgers I have ever had. They are a chain out of the Washington D.C. area. This is the first Five Guy's in the Pittsburgh area. It is right up the street from the O. They offer burgers, hot dogs and fries. You can choose from either a hamburger, cheeseburger, bacon burger or a bacon cheeseburger in two sizes a "little burger" single patty burger or two patty burger. All toppings are free including: mayo, relish, onions, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, mustard, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, A-1 Sauce, bar-b-q sauce and hot sauce. I always get a bacon cheeseburger with mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, green peppers and bar-b-q sauce! YUM They also offer kosher style hot dogs, cheese or bacon dogs, bacon cheese dogs, veggie dogs and grilled cheese. Fries are available in two styles, regular and cajun and are cooked in peanut oil. Be sure to grab some peanuts while you wait for your food.
4	I like Five Guys better than In-n-Out. Yes, I live in California and here we have only 3 Five Guys (very far away) among the ten of thousands of In-n-Out.The burgers are juicy and filling. The fires are exceptional. Forget about other fast food chains!
2	I've only visited the Murrysville location and there is no way it even comes close to In N Out Burger. The food is extremely greasy -so much so that it drips off the burger as you eat it. The fries are greasy too and not at all crispy. The "free" toppings were gross-bacon full of fat, soggy mushrooms-must be all the grease). Worst of all-the prices are not reasonable. I'm not sure why other reviewers are even comparing the two- In N Out is more fast food-Five Guys seems more restaurant style-no drive through etc. Anyway there must be a better option for burgers and fries.
3	Naw, these are NOT better than In-n-out by a far stretch.Having heard recently that these were tied as the best burgers in the nation, I was anxious to compare to San Diego's local In-N-Out Burgers.The decor is surprisingly similar to In-N-Out restaurants, diner style with red and white tiles. Very friendly young staff that help you out if you've never been there with the menu that is totally a la carte. This is very surprising that there is not value meal deal available.Two burgers,one fries to split and two drinks were $20 bucks,not cheapHowever,there are plenty of peanuts everywhere you can dip into while waiting for your order.BURGERS:Buns are very ho hum, small and uneventful.They also provide the choice of excellent grilled onions and the meat is very good, looks to be homemade, very tasty and juicy burger. Cheese was oddly melted and messy but not in a really good way.FRIES were cooked in peanut oil and I thought rather oily,soggy and not appealing after awhile.I was sure hoping that Five Guys would come through for me but they really need to rethink their buns and fries to come anywhere close to excellent.
3	Fries are good. I can't speak about the burgers though. I wish they had cheese to dip those delicious potato sticks into, but they're great even when they're plain.
5	Probably not the cleanest place in town, but not unbearably dirty either. The food, however, is great. The bacon cheeseburger I ordered was excellent. The "regular" order of fries was very generous and among the best fries I've ever had. And the free peanuts they had out was a very nice touch.
4	I hate five guys. However, this one @ Pittsburgh has changed my life view on Five Guys. It's sooo good. And the people are so nice! The jalepenos are HOT! the mushrooms and bbq sauce make it taste awesome! THE FRIES. I hate fries but I loved the fries here!
3	Five Guys does a fine job as far as chains are concerned. About the same quality, or maybe just below, as In-N-Out. The food quality of the burger was great, and the bun may have been the best part. The lettuce, however was slightly brown in areas and the tomato was terribly out of season. Good fries, but a small could feed four people. The amount of fries was ridiculous and gimmicky. I'd like to have seen this chain go for local beef, potatoes, and produce. That's a "gimmick" that would impress me more.
3	Any place that gives you the option of choosing 16 topping for your burger (at no additional cost) is automatically worth a try.Besides that, there wasn't anything too exciting about these burgers. But don't get me wrong, I did enjoy my 7-topping burger and cup of fries.:^D
3	The first time I walked past this restaurant I thought, "Oh, they have an In N Out here?!?"  If you are going to create an In N Out knock off, why would you use the same red and white colors?  There are plenty of two-color combinations to choose from.  The burgers are HUGE.  It's two patties and very messy.  It's also 700 calories and 20 grams of saturated fat!  Just the burger is about $5.  Get the "Little Hamburger" if you want something more normal size.  I also got the large cajun style fries.  The fries are heavily seasoned, and not that fresh.  The fries are about $5 and are enough to share between about three people.  They also offer free peanuts.  It would be nice if they had some dine-in trays, instead of only having take out hand outs.  The burger comes wrapped in aluminum foil and everything is placed in a bag. I like the happy music they play here.
2	Burger quest continues.... I had heard a lot of good things about Five Guys. Hearing good things about a fast food joint is always surprising. The final verdict. Perhaps a slight notch up from McD's or Burger King. The fries were actually very good. I love crispy fries that haven't been sitting there for hours (or days??) and they were high on the crispy o' meter. Plus the single helping was ginormous! Enough for two people fo' sho'! On the burger side, meh. I ordered what I thought was a regular cheeseburger. Thankfully the chick at the register told me their "regular" is actually a double patty. Um, this truly is an influence of American culture super sizing. Ok, I'm getting off my box now...I opted for the single patty, which was the little hamburger. Little - normal portion. Keep that in mind when ordering! The burger itself was ok. Definitely not life changing. And believe me, I've had myself a life changing burger in the burgh! Cough, cough....Wingharts...cough, cough. So if McDonald's and Five Guys were the last Fast Food restaurants on earth....I would go with Five Guys. Not saying much, right?
4	So, being from California, I have to compare this to in-n-out. It's right about the same. I got 2 cheese burgers with diff toppings, mushrooms, onions, and peppers. They were fantastic. They have an 'everything' style that seems just, over the top. If I saw one while driving down the freeway and I was hungry, I'd pull over. But, if there was an in-n-out or white castle (haven't tried) I'd go to one of those. I've already read that their french fries are one of the most UNHEALTHY food items someone can order in america. :( (they were good tho, :)  ).
3	My first time at a Five Guys last Saturday for National Hamburger Day. I came here on a friends recommendation after seeing that BRGR's line was out the door.I had the cheeseburger with sauteed mushrooms and sauteed onions. They went really light on the topping only under the bottom of the two toppings to the point I could barely taste them. I find it only marginally better than a McDonald's quarter pounder with cheese, as another reviewer commented. That much said In-n-Out doesn't do much for me either, so I can see how some might disagree.I much prefer burgers where they grind their own beef and you can get something besides super well-done... I used to really like Fuddruckers before they went out of business.
3	Now I live on the East Coast.  Now I have no In n Out Burger.  Now I weep.It's comparable in taste to In N Out.  The boyfriend and I split a standard cheese burger with everything (except mayo).  I found it to be completely serviceable in flavor and meat quality.  Eating the damned thing is a challenge all on its own!  How the hell am I supposed to get my mouth around this thing?My main issues was the complete lack of structural integrity the burger had.  In mere minutes it turned into a sloppy mess.Perhaps the next time I will get some of the other toppings and Jr. size to see if that helps with how average this burger was.  Peanuts are interesting.....I guess?  The fries were perfectly cooked and while the cajun seasoning was tasty, HOLY GOD HOW TO PEOPLE CONSUME THAT MUCH SALT!  Unreasonable portions and astronomical salt levels.
4	Made to order burgers, pure beef with no fillers.  I understand some other reviewers about the toppings seeming light but it does have to match the patty/bun.  THOSE could be a little wider although there's about 15 toppings that can be added?  I like it that it's custom-made and the quality is better than In/Out or McD.  Improvements: besides the width, I'd say the bun and fries quality.  The combo should be the Hot Dog shop fries (at $5? Ugh) and these burgers.  You want gourmet burger go to BRGR; you want a good old fashioned custom burger, come here.  Free peanuts too!
4	The name says it all, "burgers and fries." They do also have hot dogs and a few other things, but burgers and fries is their specialty. This is definitely not a place for anyone with a peanut allergy to go. As a vegetarian, I like that I can get a bun with enough veggies and cheese on it to be filling. That being said their sandwiches are extremely sloppy and their fries are quite oily, but very good. Both their regular fries and Cajun fries are good and they are very generous with their portions. If you are looking for fast food that is tasty, and fresh I recommend Five Guys.
3	After eating a burger and some fries here, my heart ached for In & Out...I miss you guys so much...I miss my animal style fries, protein burgers, and the real milshakes at In & Out for only $6. *sigh* I'm sorry if I didn't eat you everyday and took you for granted...ANYWAYS, pros are: Free peanuts while you wait, you can make your burger a junior size instead of the monstrous size, and there's a bunch of toppings for you to customize your burger. Cons are: the fries are too thick for my liking, too satly and oily, and not much flavor even though I ordered it cajun style. The burgers need those customized toppings or else their regular cheeseburger just tastes mundane, nothing to brag about. It's not comparable to In & Out though. It's more like Fatburger's style of how they make their burgers and the taste of it. They too have the same concept and same ordering style, minus the free peanuts.
3	Ate lunch at this Five Guys today. It was fine -- what I would expect from a Five Guys. This location was a little dirtier than other locations that I've been to, but the staff was friendlier and checked by our table a couple of times (which I had not experienced before). I wouldn't mind going back again.
4	Five Guys....YUM. I like this chain. Originally from Washington D.C. they put all kinds of stuff on your burger for you and they give you a ridiculous amount of fresh cut fries. I'm sure you have been here so you either like it or you don't. This review is about this location in Oakland and I have to say that I was impressed. The employees were very nice and they came out to the table and offered to take trash and get refills. I have been to several Five Guys and they have never offered to do so. I will be back thanks to the great service and food.
1	I'd agree with the comments that say that Five Guys has one of the best fast food burgers in existence ... except for the fact that one of the burgers I bought recently had an actual piece of bone in it.  I bit down on this, badly cracking a tooth in the process.  Two months and multiple dental procedures later, I'm feeling much better, but this wasn't the way I wanted to spend my Christmas season.Maybe this was a fluke -- I've never experienced this at any of the other Five Guys I've been to -- but it was certainly enough to make sure that I will never come back to this place again.
4	k.
4	The only reason I went here was for their pop machine. You get to choose your standard coke products AND THEN...... you get to choose flavors to add to it. Awesome!
5	Great food and great staff.  Their credit card machine randomly stopped working and I had no cash, so they paid for my burger for me.
3	Personally, I think of Five Guys as overpriced fast food. Being a health freak, I get really queasy at the sight of the dripping grease, but I was willing to accept that fact because it is a "burgers and fries" place. I thought their burgers were just okay, nothing to brag about. Fries were fresh, but just fries. I did enjoy the free peanuts though. I'm not a burgers and fries gal, so probably won't return here unless I really have that craving for their cajun fries. Yes, try their cajun fries...best thing there.
3	The food was not quite on par with the other Five Guys location I have visited. I'm not sure if a cook was having an off day, but I've manage to muster a few complaints:  the burger was well done ; the fries were not crispy (not to mention that the portion was not as large as my previous visit); lastly, I ordered grilled onions and about a quarter of them were raw. Though, none of these were egregious mistakes for a fast food restaurant. On the positive side, I did indulge in a generous portion of the complimentary peanuts; it's hard to go wrong with those.
3	I've been here dozens of times over the past few years. This place is good, but it has a few annoying qualities.Pros:The food is delicious. The prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and efficient.  Also, the free peanuts are a plus.Cons:The buns at this location taste weird. I've eaten at other Five Guys locations and the buns at this one just plain taste weird. I don't know why.The tables are dirty. I don't like sitting down to a table smeared with someone else's cheeseburger-grease. This, plus the loud crappy music being blasted, means I'm not taking anyone here for a date, or on any kind of business lunch.It's dumb that they serve all hamburgers in a brown paper bag. I know it's probably part of some silly tradition, but the bag means that the tables get messy because you have to rip open the bag and grease goes everywhere. Also, the fries and bun get soggy inside the bag.  Note: this does not happen on a McDonald's tray.If the restaurant would change its dumb, backwards policy of serving all food in ghetto paper bags and the workers would wipe down the tables more than once a year, this place would be a five-star restaurant, easy.
1	Before I actually set down and ate I had been feeling pretty pleased with myself.  I saw the huge line, I smelled the delicious smells of French fried potatoes and I also observed all the literature on display about all the awards that Five Guys had won for their famous burgers and fries.  I knew for sure that I would be well fed. Yes, that of course was before I actually took the first bite of my burger.  My dream quickly turned into a nightmare.  My bun was wet with perspiration.  My hamburger had a chunk broken off it and was smashed to smithereens and the cheese on my sandwich was cold.  Another swing and a miss for me and Oakland dining.  How many guys does it take to ruin a lunch 5 hahahaha?
1	Called at 9.40 and asked for an order to be picked up. Jamie was his name I believe. Asked if I made it there in five minutes to order in person could I possibly take food to go ??  I was basically told to go to hell. Drove by and the open sign was on. 9.55. I called and the manager said sorry and that's about it. Will never spend a penny there again.
5	Cheap awesome burgers and fries!!!! We also had a veggie sandwich and grilled cheese everything was great, $23 for a family of 4
3	I saw this place written up in Consumer Reports about being a great burger chain and I saw it while in Pittsburgh so I decided to give it a try. I must say that I don't get the hype. The burger comes with grilled onions, ketchup, mustard, pickles, mayo, and I think something else. The thing is, you can't order it the way you want it. I tried to remove onions and mayo from the order and the cashier told me it was all or nothing. We "negotiated" a bit and I was finally get her to remove the mayo. Or so I thought. The burger I got had everything, including the mayo that I did not want, and was missing the ketchup that I did want. The burger was ok but nothing special. It lacked salt and pepper. The fries were horrible with a capital H. I don't care if they are "fresh" from Idaho (they have sacks sitting on the floor to show how fresh they are; kinda weird if you ask me). The fries were limp and greasy!!! I could not finish them. I ate a few and threw the rest away. A complete waste of $2.49 for a small. And my stomach was immediately queasy after eating. This place was popular, however, and I had to wait a while for my burger to be cooked. It is beyond me why. I guess either college students don't have good taste or I am out of touch with what passes for quality these days.
4	Great burger, unlimited toppings, fresh cut fries, free peanuts, unlimited refills of tea. My only complaint is the amount of salt on the fries & it's a bit pricey. But worth it.
1	Don't bother with ordering food from this location. Online or in person they will mess it all up. VERY DISAPPOINTED. How can ordering on an application turn so wrong? Pick and choose from two burgers ordered to make up a Frankenstein burger and don't stop there! Make TWO of them! I live too far away to go back after a long day of work and fighting traffic for my dinner. I will NOT return to this location.
