1	This is the old JT Whitney's. It was decent when it was JT Whitney's and now....well, it had potential but failed to deliver.After a day or errands and hearing that Vintage had opened where the old JT Whitney's was, we decided to try out the new place.  Upon walking in it was nice inside.  They did a great job with the re-model and the place was welcoming and nice.We were seated immediately and it was great to see a place that brews their own beer had some other beers as well.  PBR IN A CAN!!!!We opened our menus and almost walked out at that point.  what a limited list of crap!  Here is what you can get...burger that probably is the same ol crap burger (aka: Great Dane), some sandwiches with no meat, salad, soup, and some sort of fish sandwich.  So, the menu have no variety at all and unless you are vegetarian or want a burger, you will not like the food at this place.We decided not to be rude and walk out and get a few appetizers because NOTHING on the menu looked good to us at all.  We got Cheese Curds and Nachos.   The cheese curds were typical and not great and the Nachos were good but nothing I would want again.The Vintage Brewing Company is not worth my time ever again.  Oh yeah, our waiter was not helpful at all and also did not know provolone was a cheese and not a meat.
5	New local brewpub that took over the location of what was a chain restaurant. Great atmosphere, very friendly staff. I'm vegetarian but thought the food was great - not just mine but my husbands as well, and he's no vegetarian. Simple menu based on WI classics: mac & cheese, roasted vegetable salad, burgers... not greasy or freakish, just well prepared and reasonably priced food.No news on their locally brewed beer yet (because its not done a'brewing) but their beer list is outstanding. YES, outstanding. One final thing - we sat here with computers writing in the bar area for a good 2 hours and they staff was great to us. Free wireless. Great spot - recommended.
4	*Immensely* improved over JT Whitney's, which I thought was horribly depressing. It's been redone to be simple, warm, and comforting, with nice views of the ginormous fermentation tanks. No news on the home brewed beer yet, but great to have a solid brew pub on the West side.Great local beer list, super solid pub food. I had the fish n chips and was pleased. Camped out on their free wireless without hassle at all. Just what the West side needed.
1	Just wanted to send out a "thank you" to Barnyard P. for the kind compliment he sent me on this review."Good of you to yelp so much, so we can all keep up with how damned clueless you are"So, I assume "barnyard" is an owner or close friend of this place.  Thanks, you made me smile today Barnyard.  Now when you finally post a profile or review something....then you can message me again.http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=LgYkIqEVtJK_ZJBYVeTj0Q
4	Been here twice since it opened. Once to eat and other for drinks.. I think its just what that spot needed! The remodeled interior is very well done! I love the nice big bar. The booths surrounding the bar can fit six perfect for drinks! Drinks were very good! Try out the sangria, and any of the ice cream drinks.  Yum!The food was good also.  I had the pulled pork sloppy joe and I was happy with that.  I did think a few of the items on the menu were a little overpriced.. Thats why I stuck with the Joe.  It was very good though!The waitstaff was very friendly and our bartender was really up on his game.Now keep up the good work people and I think the Vintage Brewing Co. will be here quite some time. Can't wait to taste the currently brewing beer!  Sounds yummy!  Any day now.....
2	When JT Whitney's finally closed, and the long, slow process of turning the space into the Vintage was over, I was really looking forward to what it would turn out to be. Vintage Brewing is a great place to get a drink, but the food didn't live up to expectations the time I was there.  But you know what, if I can hope off the Beltline, and stop for a drink in pleasant surroundings, I'm not overall concerned if I'm not crazy about the food.  I'm curious about there in house microbrews, and will be looking forward to those in the future.
2	cheap = nicebesides that meh, almost no ambience.
2	I was excited when this place opened, the west side needed a cool hang out bar. Unfortunately out of the four times that I have been there, I have been disappointed.The bartenders do not know how to make their special drinks, one bartender forgot to add the cranberry to the cosmo, which another bartender noticed and fixed.On other occasions a few of us ordered some of the other special drinks, such as the champagne drinks, again, less than desirable.The one time we went to try their beer, since it had finally been brewed, we ended up walking out because the waitor straight up ignored us for 25 minutes and as we were walking out he caught up to us in the parking lot and started yelling for us to come back.The food sounds impressive on the menu, but its not.  For the price I would rather drive over to the Great Dane in Hilldale/Fitchburg.We will continue to frequent Babes for drinks instead of the Vintage.   The vintage has potential and I hope that they correct the various issues.
1	Wow! For a place trying to build up a business, you'd think they'd be interested when an actual customer shows up at the bar. I came in looking for a friend I was meeting for lunch and was ignored as I searched the place to find him. When I couldn't find him, I sat down at the bar and was again ignored by all the employees who were busy doing whatever employees do when there are very few customers in a place. It always troubles me when I have no trouble seeing employees at a bar and they have trouble seeing me. Were there invisible customers lining the bar on either side of me? Was I invisible? Are they not paid to scan for customers? I don't know, but I walked out and waited for my friend at the ugly table outside in front of the building. I won't be giving this place another chance. And check out the almost identical post on Google.
4	Had dinner at the Vintage last night and enjoyed it very much. We started off with the House Smoked Salmon Dip. It was delicious, if a bit pricey.I had the Blue Heaven burger,  and my companions had: the All American burger, the Hold the Meat Burger, and the Fish & Chips. Everyone was pleased with their food, and Mr. Fish & Chips declared it was the best fried fish he'd had in a loooooong time.The decor is fun, without being twee. Service was good. All in all, I'd say this is a very nice, and much needed addition to the West Gate area.
5	My food was excellent (3 fish tacos and homemade pretzels with beer-cheese dip).  Portions were generous.  I took home a left-over lunch and sadly had no room for dessert.  Next time, I'll restrain myself with my main course.  Great beer, drinks, and wines!    The place is run like clockwork and the staff was attentive and very professional.  The entire place is sparkling clean and orderly--including the bathrooms.  Yay!They've taken a pretty big space and made it feel cozy, charming, and warm with lots of seating and lounging areas.  The decor features loads of fun, authentic, and enviable antique pieces and the atmosphere created is original.  Nothing is squeezed out of a tube here--antiques, not reproductions.  So many nice little touches--lamp light, bathroom toiletries, flowers, an old score board, etc....A great addition to the neighborhood and Madison!
4	NOT just another JT Whitney's.  The food and service were excellent and the Brewmaster takes his job seriously.I tried Oktoberfest, APA, Weiss and Dunkleweiss - all were quite tasty.  The Italian Job sandwich is a great meatless option and my wife's burger was good too. Good chips.  I'm impressed with their remodling work on the interior as well.
1	If you're looking for a good replacement for JT Whitney's, this is not it, at least from a non-alcoholic standpoint.  The menu is average at best--typical American fare at a brewpub.  The brewer's root beer and ginger soda were "meh" at best.  My party ordered 3 entrees--the shephard's pie, the chicken caesar salad, and 3 orders of the fish and chips.  The shepard's pie was bland and gravy-dominated.  The caesar salad was unremarkable and the ingredients weren't fresh--the roasted red peppers were straight out the can. The fish and chips were the worst part of the story.  We ordered the fish and chips and were asked what sides we'd like.  We were confused as to whether we were getting an additional side (other than the chips, which are in fact french fries, which every sane person knows and is what the menu says).  We were told no, that there was only one side.  Ok, we said, we'd like the chips.  The fish showed up with  . . . potato chips.  Really?  When we politely tried to explain that we had ordered the fish and chips, the person who brought out the food (who wasn't our server) got very defensive and said "well, you ordered the chips", but brought us a basket of underwhelming fries for free.  I'm not sure where the miscommunication or misunderstanding happened, but it was odd.  The best part of the meal was the side salad that came with the shepard's pie, which was actually quite good.  The customer service was average at best.  We won't be going back.
4	Good food and quick service.
5	I am so glad I didn't review this place on my first visit. The service was absolutely atrocious to the point where we weren't sure if we'd come back. We decided to give this place a second chance, because the food really was great. I now count Vintage among my favorite Madison restaurants. The food is consistently mouthwatering and portions are more than ample for the price. And they nearly always have a different nightly food special to add on to their somewhat simple menu. For an appetizer you must try the heaping plate of nachos (add chorizo, YUM!) I am also quite in love with the beers they brew in-house. Truly a variety for every type of beer-drinking palate. And they have new stuff on tap all the time- with some especially tasty seasonal selections. As if the food and brews aren't enough, I am absolutely enamored with the atmosphere and retro decor! I always looks forward to my bill being brought to me on the sweetest little vintage plates!
5	We took a big group and it was another excellent experience.  I recommended the chips before...then I tried the fries.  Wow!  Best fries in memory!  I also tried the cask beer - think it was the Pale Ale???  Sooooo good (if you like that sort of thing - cask ale is just flat, warm beer to some but a rare treat to others).  Everyone loved their meals.  Our server did make several minor mistakes - seemed new to waitressing perhaps, but no big deal and still a great meal.
5	Good beer, great burger, nice ambiance, service was special.
2	We were determined to give this place a fair shot. Today was the third and final time we'll walk out of there dissapointed and over charged. First off, let me say that I do like the places ambiance and set up. But don't plan on stopping in for lunch and getting out of there under an hour. Saying the service is slow is an understatement. Our last visit was on a Sunday afternoon (a typically slow time) and our server didn't even take our entree order til after we had been finished with our appetizer for over 5 minutes. The food is inconsistent and leaves you wanting more. But what takes the cake is that we were upcharged a dollar for a side of mayo and then another dollar for a side of BBQ....the server never mentioned any kind of charge. There are way too many fantastic places to eat in Madison to waste your time here.
4	I stopped in here for the first time for a couple of post-work beers, and enjoyed it.  I had their oatmeal stout (very good), and their pale ale (fizzy and pretty forgettable, but fine).  We sat at the bar, and the service was attentive.  Our food was solid and arrived within a reasonable time.  It happened to be team trivia night, so my companion and I hung around for that - it may have affected the crowd's demographics a bit, but I thought there was a pretty good mix of people here.  I would definitely go back.
4	Not a huge fan of the location (stand alone building near strip mall) but the beer is top notch.  Great job last fall on the Rye IPA and this past weekend enjoyed thir IPA and a coffee infused brew.  Have not tried the food but I do recommend buying a growler of their beer.
2	Limited menu, food not very tasty or unique.
4	Having a late weekday lunch at VBC yesterday was a real treat. Looking for an alternative to The Olive Garden to take my wife's grandfather to, I opted for VBC based on what I read here on Yelp. First I must say how impressed I was with the "vintage" decor. The lighting, chairs and tables as well as lots of black leather couches and seating gave the place a cool vibe. There was a roaring fire in the fireplace which gave it a cozy feeling on a dreary cold day. The menu is extensive with soups, salads, sandwiches, pasta and full entrees. I had the Ravioli with Andouille and chicken. It was quite nice. I washed it down with a VBC Weiss beer which was good---not great. My wife had the chicken pot pie that was REALLY GOOD. She had the Belgian style Wit beer. While I'm not a huge fan of this type of beer, this was one of the best I'd ever tasted. Service was friendly and attentive. Nice to have a new place on our list, next time we're in Madison.
4	The homegrown burger is likely the best burger in the world. Saucy, appley, cheesey and delicious. I dream about it.Loved the Spring Bock and Sangria and enjoyed the Irish nachos more than I should have. My husband was not too excited about his caesar wrap, he complained that the lettuce was tough. Interesting, but true.
4	I was a little nervous since when we pulled up it looked like the place would be on par with an Outback Steakhouse, Chilis or any other crappy chain restaurant.  I think it's just the unfortunate location (random stand alone building in a strip mall).  Well the food and beers were nothing like what you would get in a chain restaurant.  I felt such relief when the food started rolling out and everything looked cooked to order and fresh (not frozen and warming under a heat lamp).  Everything that we got was exactly how we wanted it to be and our server was attentive but with just the right amount of sarcastic snarkiness to make us all laugh and enjoy our food and drinks even more.  I can't remember what I ate (sad) but I remember I got to order a Raspberry Tart on tap (god I love Wisconsin beer) and I ordered the house vanilla soda with a shot of Pinnacle Whipped in it.  Sooo perfect together.  All in all, lunch at Vintage was perfect and I would come back again.
4	Good food, if not a $1 or $2 over-priced. Great beer (local notice for their Hibiscuss Sasion) and try the Scardy Cat Stout, and the Max Stout! Dont forget the cheese curds!
4	I heard about Vintage Brewing while I was at a different stop on my Madison leg of beercation.  I decided to squeeze it in while I was in town.  I am glad that I did.Vintage is located in a standalone building next to a strip mall.  There is plenty of parking.The interior is large and new looking.  It is tastefully decorated with lots of wood.  There are a fair number of TVs but they are not overly obtrusive.  I sat at the bar in the center of the place.  It is a large rectangular bar with seating all around.  There is a big fish tank in the center.  The bar stools were comfortable and there was a chair rail for my feet.  They also had purse hooks for the ladies.I had limited time to enjoy Vintage so I ordered the sampler.  I asked for one of everything they had on tap.  That turned out to be 17 beers!  I ended up staying a little longer than I had originally planned.The selection of styles was very impressive and overall the beer was good.  There were a few lighter beers as there always is at these places.  They weren't bad, but just not my style.  The oatmeal stout was very tasty and so was the APA.  Of course I liked the barrel aged beer too.  There was an islay style beer that I found very interesting due to the unique peat flavor.  I am not a big fan of islay scotch, but the beer was worth a try.  I am not sure I could drink a whole pint of it though.I was planning on eating at my next stop of the day, so I didn't order much in the way of food.  The fried cheese curds gave me something to munch on while working my way through the many beers.Since I was at Vintage on a weekday afternoon, the place emptied out after the lunch rush.  It felt luxurious to have the whole place to myself.  We chatted with the bartender and the hostess who were friendly.  Our water glasses were filled repeatedly as we savored our collection of samples over a couple of hours.Overall, I liked Vintage so much that I bought the t-shirt.  I liked the wide variety of beers and the atmosphere was nice.  I would definitely come back to this place if I was in the area again.
4	This is a gem for the west side and so glad I found it! I hesitated to go here for the appearance of the exterior. Plopped at the end of a parking lot for strip malls, and slightly dingy looking paint job made me wonder. But, was pleasantly surprised when we strolled in one Saturday afternoon for lunch to find a spacious yet cozy, updated dining area and bar. Good tunes too.We've been here 4 or 5 times now for lunch and dinner. Portions are great. Apps are delicious - I've had the nachos, which are made with a homemade spicy nacho cheese sauce. And we've also had the f ried curds. These curds are far better than the great dane but not quite as good as the old fashioned, but give them a run for their money. Burgers are delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked and thoroughly seasoned. Fries are those awesome fat steak fries (you can get waffle fries too I believe). And, they've got tots on the menu. HELLO! My husband says the black bean burger is the best he's had anywhere too. Also super happy with the shredded pork mac & cheese - comfort food in a crock...imagine spicy shredded pork bbq topped off with bubbly mac & cheese. Super yum. The beers I've had are tasty, and need to spend more time trying even more of them. The only thing I wish is that they had an outdoor area.
4	Much improved over the old J.T. Whitney's. Good happy hour specials.
2	Quick review: a typical brewpub that's trying really hard and falling just a tad short.  Detailed review:Met some friends here for a late night dinner and a round of drinks.  We arrived at approximately 8:30pm on a rainy Wednesday night; there was a musician playing his guitar just inside the front door.  The hostess offered us seats in a booth or "at the bar."  We opted for the bar, as there were four bartenders and not many patrons - we thought this improve our service odds.We sat at the bar for several minutes, pondering the drink options.  Each of us ordered a different type/style of beer; from the golden sister to the oatmeal stout.  The beers were poured quickly, and the tab was reasonable - about $4 per pint.We asked for menus and decided to try "AJ's homemade pretzels."  We also ordered a few plates of food - burgers, wraps, and the like.The pretzels were first to arrive: two large, heavy, dense pretzels, with a honey mustard and a beer cheese dip.  The pretzels were almost "stale" in their make-up -- very dense, not really chewy, not really soft, not really hard... just, well, dense and almost stale.  We assumed that was how they were supposed to be.The food orders arrived after about 20-30 minutes of waiting.  I was almost full from my half pretzel and 2 beers, but was willing to dive-in and try my pulled BBQ pork wrap.  The VBC BBQ pork wrap was supposed to consist of pulled pork with chipolte peach BBQ sauce, lettuce, fried onion, and cheese.  Instead, it was loaded with over-fried bacon (all I saw/had in one half of the wrap was bacon), a teaspoon or two of pork, a dab of "sauce" and some lettuce.  It was also very watery for some reason; my wrap was soaked when I received it, to the point of being "gluey."The tater tots that accompanied the wrap were over-fried and tasteless.  They had easily spent 5-minutes too long in the fryer.My companions had similar results - a mis-configured chicken ceasar wrap (it was missing the bacon, which I'm guessing landed on my wrap, and it had raw onions) failed to impress; the burger was "fresh from the freezer" and loaded with artificial smoke flavor, and the salad was "ordinary" (as is most salad, in all fairness).Worst of all, our four bartenders hung out on the opposite end of the bar, trying to look cool while chatting with regulars.  We would've said something about the food (and would've ordered more drinks), but it was difficult to get service.The cost per person? About $20, with food, a drink, and splitting the appetizer... yikes.Vintage Brewing Company = FAILFood = 1.5 stars (wrong orders, not too tasty, too pricey)Service = 1.5 stars (absent, even with 4 bartenders)Value = 1 star MISC = 3 stars (I love brewpubs, and I love local establishments)Summary: Will not likely return.  If the place fell flat on a calm Wednesday evening, I can't imagine it during a busier time.
5	Nice atmosphere, tasty beer, and delicious, reasonably priced comfort food. The Hibiscus Saison was the perfect antidote for the summer heat. We split the Big Sky Burger, which was super tasty, and the tator tots with truffle oil (which was worth the extra $1.75.
3	Good local brew pub, but we didn't have anything that knocked us off our feet or encouraged us that it was a must return.The dinner salad, and homegrown burger we had were good and well prepared.  The Whippoorwill witbier and Summer Sihat (sp?) beer were pleasant but don't stand above other summer craft beers we had enjoyed.
5	I love this place! It is the perfect "let's meet for drinks not downtown" place. The atmosphere is awesome and so chic. The bar is amazing and they have some awesome and fun drinks.  Love, love, love.
3	I've eaten here a few times, and the food always seems hit or miss. I've always tried something new - so I guess it depends on what you order. The service has always been excellent though, and the beer is definitely tasty. I like it, and will keep coming back.
3	Revisited the Vintage for lunch today, and had a better experience.  Our server was attentive, the food was excellent, and all things considered, I'd be more than willing to give the Vintage a few more tries.Co-worker went with the cheese curds, and while not homemade, they were the battered white cheese variety and were very well cooked (see photo).  I opted for the chef's salad and added a grilled chicken breast (at a pricey $3.25 extra charge; the salad was $8.50 plain).  The chicken, while petite, had a very nice charcoal/wood flavor and it was cooked perfectly.  The rest of the salad was excellent, although there was *maybe* 1/8th of an avocado and a total of three (3) cherry tomatoes... for a $12 salad, I was hoping for a tad more veggies...My co-worker ordered the grilled-cheese cheeseburger... it weighed-in at a hefty $15.50 (!!!) but was pretty large - four slices of bread, four slices of cheese, a burger, ham, and chips (see photos).  He reports that it was excellent - the bread was perfectly toasted, the cheese perfectly melted, and the ham complimented everything very nicely.  He said the burger was quite dry, but some ketchup helped rectify the situation.Vintage = IMPROVING (not quite a WIN yet)Service = 4 stars (much improved with this visit)Food = 3 stars (dry burger, semi-greasy curds, decent salad)Value = 2 stars (coworker spent $27 for his curds, burger & soda; my salad and iced tea were $15 + tip)MISC = 3 stars (decent atmosphere, as always)Summary: Still too pricey for what you get, and it still falls a tad short of expectations, but the Vintage did a little better today.
5	I'm a self proclaimed "ale conner".  Vintage Brewing passes inspection.There is a wide craft beer selection - over 10 house taps as well as about 6 rotating guest taps - IPA/APA, saisons, stout, wheats, Belgians, pale ales, Irish red, ESB, and others that defy classification.  They also have bottles and cans, primarily for the non-craft beer drinkers.The food is moderately priced and fantastic - burgers, wraps, salads, steak, pot pie, meat loaf!   Also, they offer deep fried tater tots as a side!There are plenty of TVs to catch a ball game, but Vintage is not a sports bar.
4	This is a very fun place to go. The atmosphere is like stepping back into the 50's and they even have old black and white movies playing in the background. The food is a B+, but also very reasonably priced. The Irish Nachos appetizers are excellent and they have good sandwiches. The fish tacos were also surprisingly good. The beers I've had are also great.
5	Have you even had their beer! Seriously though, try the beer. The Scaredy Cat Oatmeal Stout is great -my stand by order. The Shadow Planet is friggin dreamy, a must try!
5	My husband and I tried this restaurant because we had a coupon from the Bucky Book, and we are glad we did!  I had the BBQ brisket which was some of the most tender flavorful beef I have ever had.  They were also very accommodating when I asked to substitute mixed vegetables for the corn on the cob.  My husband thoroughly enjoyed his stroganoff, and we were both pleased that we were able to watch the game during our meal.  There are TVs everywhere, so you have a good view from wherever you are.  The service was excellent.  I will definitely be back!  I recommend giving the pumpkin beer a try if it's still available.
1	I originally gave this place 3 stars, but I'm now revising it to 1 because I believe it has seriously gone downhill. I remember eating at The Vintage shortly after it opened and was AMAZED by the quality of the food and everything was absolutely delicious. I've been here at least 6 times for dinner since then, and the last 4 times the food was horrible. I've ordered something new each time, thinking it might have been a fluke. But nope, every item I've encountered on their menu is consistently unappetizing.  I was shocked when I ordered the bacon wrapped meatloaf this past week and discovered it was nothing at all like the meatloaf I had ordered in the past. It consisted of small, greasy pieces of meat with hardly any bacon. You could only taste the grease in the meat. The brussels sprouts were obviously frozen... even though they were supposed to be their seasonal vegetable. The mashed potatoes were runny and covered by a gravy that taste as if it came straight out of a can. This is a long and sad fall from the meatloaf they had on their menu a year ago - a meatloaf that was thick and juicy and probably one of the best I ever tasted. I can only assume that their entire menu has changed and all of it for the worse. My boyfriend ordered one of their burger specials and he barely ate half of it - it was the sloppiest, mushiest looking burger I have ever seen.I will point out that the service at The Vintage has always been great, and I like their beer. I'll come back to drink... and it's a nice joint to do just that. But I'm staying clear of the food from now on.
5	Wow...we stumbled upon this place after flying in from the west coast. Super! Amazing beer selection, and delicious food. The pretzel appetizer was fantastic.I had the veggie burger which was spicy with great flavor.We sat at a table next to the bar which was lively and entertaining. If we are in the area, we will go back.
3	Hmmm...this one's tough.  There are many things I like about the Vintage- the decor and waitstaff being two.  Our most recent visit was less than awesome, primarily because my burger was ordered medium-well and came out bloody. The outside looked good, but when I cut into it, it was way underdone.  Our waiter took pains to make it right, and he verified that he'd put the order in correctly, so no fault there.  My bigger challenge is with the menu itself- it's extremely caloric and heavy, with virtually no lighter options.  Even the salads are really loaded with creamy dressings and cheese, nuts, etc. Sounds yummy, but I don't want a big tummy. I noticed that almost everything on the menu was a dollar or two higher than comparable brewpubs, as well.We'll likely return, but would love to see some less decadent options, and better pricing.
4	The menu is a couple bucks pricier as many point out, but still very good. The Tiger burger (prime rib on top of a buger) is amazing and many of their own brewed beers are very solid.Pretty big place with a nice, old school decor.
3	I only had the beer, but I was very happy with this brewery's take on a wheat beer. The bar is very nice and designed in a square with the tvs and bartenders in the middle. There's a nice litte fishtank in the middle as well. The crowd was pretty small for a super bowl night, but decent. There was also an adjacent bar with table tops for two and stools. If you are staying in Middleton and are not trying to travel too far into Madison, this is a good stop.
2	loved the apple beer when they had it. PLEASE make again!  Too expensive for food! WOW.  Big(ger) portions or not...it is rid-i-culously high in price
3	We have been here a couple times and will come again.  The food is a bit hit or miss, with generous portions, but a chicken dish that was way over seasoned and a bloody cheeseburger, have us a little wary.  Overall it is a comfortable place to eat and the wait staff is attentive and helpful.  We would come back for beers, but stick to the sandwiches.  I had a ruben that was very good.
5	15 DELICIOUS micro brews on tap, and we tried a sample of them all, all fantastic. Full, local and organic menu- the fish tacos were spicy and delicious. Our waiter was awesome, friendly and had great recommendations. A little more expensive than the surrounding spots but totally worth the extra buck!!
5	One of our absolutely favorite restaurants. We come here lots and it's absolutely delicious, with great food AND great drinks.
5	We stopped at this charming little brew pub on a road trip and I absolutely loved the 1930s style atmosphere! It really adheres to its name. The beer, the food, and the service were great, and we had a wonderful time. I definitely would recommend this restaurant and look forward to giving it another try!
5	Oh my goodness. Brewing may be the claim to fame here, but this place REALLY knows how do to a burger right. I had the Home Grown Burger today, and it was absolute perfection. I ordered it medium rare, and it came out thick and juicy, and made a mess all over the plate when I bit into it - which is exactly what I want from a burger. There were sharp notes from the aged white cheddar cheese, sweet from the crunchy apple slices, tanginess from the apple cider reduction, and a subtle peppery bite from the arugula and black pepper aioli. I'm pretty sure that when the waiter came by to ask how everything was, I just made a ridiculous MMMMMMMMM sound. I realize that brewing is this place's claim to fame, but I was there for a business lunch, and could not sample any of the tempting concoctions. But with a burger like that, I didn't miss it. I also need to point out that this menu features something called the "Grilled Cheese Cheeseburger"- which is a burger with ham, two fried eggs, cheese, and onions, sandwiched between grilled cheese sandwiches. I could never order something like that, but I appreciate that it exists. We ordered the brownie sundae for dessert, and were pretty disappointed with the tough consistency of the brownie, but the burger was so good, I'm not taking away a star.
4	Vintage is a neat place. While the food is good, not great, the beer is always fantastic. I've had a couple menu items that i've really enjoyed, and a couple that were ok, but i continue to return. Beer snobs will love the experimental styles like the Pumpkin Ale and Habiscus Saison and beer guzzlers would enjoy lighter offerings like Daytripper or McLovin'. The decor is very rustic and invokes a sort of "vintage" Wisconsin feel. They are a good place to enjoy a couple beers with a friend or dinner with the family.
5	Amazing food and great service.
5	Nice ambiance.  Good beer!  I had the fish tacos, which were tasty.  Perfect crunchy texture to the batter!  Just enough spice, but not overwhelming.  I had a bite of the meatloaf sandwich which was also tasty.  Big portions, neither of is finished our lunch.
5	If you're familiar with the Vintage Restaurant on University, you know that this place has great food. Couple your meal with fresh, hand crafted beer, and you have a glorious repast.Food portions are oversized, so expect to take some home. The burgers are all excellent (the one with bleu cheese is my favorite). I haven't had an entree (other than the fish fry), but I expect they are all exceptional.
5	Easily the Best Burger in the Madison Area and beyond! Great Beers too!I've eaten here thrice, every time I have gotten the same "Home Grown Burger". It has apples on it which is different, but it adds extra juice to the already juicy burger. I have told everyone I know about this place but that is not good enough for my level of enthusiasm about this place so I must tell the internets. In tasting meals delivered to others at my table, I was not as impressed but then again I was comparing it to the Best burger in Madison.  You will get "5 star food" if you order a burger. I cannot vouch for the rest.---A note for Beer lovers, and enjoyers: This place brews their own beer and has a good variety. It seems like the beer list is always changing but hey, I've always found something I like.
4	Back again.  Service terrible again - almost never saw the waitress even after we had to hunt her down a few times to address issues.  The pub chips this time were very sub-par.  Great tots, great beer as always.  I'm still a fan, though.
4	Great food, awesome atmosphere. New patio overlooks Whitney Way. Drinks are good and the food is very good. If you like the retro feel, the Vintage gives it. The old signs on the walls give you something to look at from time-to-time. It's comfortable and a great place to meet friends or groups. I'll be back again and again.
4	Vintage is a bundle of contradictions when you enter.  It's fancy...no, it's a bar...but there is a fireplace!...but it has a vintage diner feel...wait, sued couches in the lounge area...ahhh!Almost like drinking high tea in your sweat pants, there is something that feels wrong about this diner meets classy pub that is just SO RIGHT.  There is the game playing on the big tv over in the corner, but you are sitting next to the roaring fire with your hubby so there is still the romance.  Win win in my book.  I ordered the home grown burger which had white cheddar cheese, sliced apple, with an apple cider vinegar reduction, arugula, and a black pepper aioli.  I always knew apples went well with pork (chops and applesauce, applewood smoked bacon) but who knew fresh apples would taste so good in a burger? It was like apples and beef had a love child in my mouth, and I didn't mind.  Go on Tuesdays.  If you wear a mustache (real or fake) you get $3 select craft beer.  You can even buy a mustache at the bar for $1 which goes to charity.
4	Rolled up to Vintage Brewing Company after the game and as a stop before we hit the road back to Chicago.  I don't know if I was expecting a tiny little bar or an industrial park type joint, but I was thrown off by the expansiveness of Vintage.  The place is pretty big and fancier than I would have thought (I think the leather couches threw me off), has a nice sized bar (with a fish tank! I don't know why, but I love that), a view into the brewery through large glass windows, decent seating inside, and a large patio outside as well (where we opted to sit).  I ordered a sampler (make my own of course...but they had two pre-made flights as well) and some nachos for the man.  I didn't care much for the nachos (I am the pickiest nacho enthusiast alive) but the beer was pretty good.  Here's what I tried:  Daytripper- Decent ale but too light bodied and crisp (almost pilsner-y) for my taste.Rhine Heights- Malty and smooth and hoppy enough to have SOME bite.  I think it was an Alt-Bier. Better Off Red- Nice malty presence with a decent hoppy finish.  I could drink a pint or two of this no problem.Woodshed IPA- YEP.  This is it.  Aroma is deceiving as it's hoppy and spicy with a nice malt backbone but doesn't smell like anything but grain.  Scaredy Cat Stout- Strong espresso flavor with a nice vanilla-y finish.  YUM.
2	Cool atmosphere but the veggie bean burger I got was too salty and didn't taste good...decent fries though.
4	I know none of us beer-lovers wants to admit it, but craft beer has become completely mainstream. We've tried almost every style of beer out there, and deep down, we're pining away for something more.Which is why you should come here. In a city with a glut of amazing breweries and brewpubs, Vintage stands out because it does things differently than the other places. I always look forward to the bizarre and unique beer choices that I'll find each time I visit. Not to say that they don't also have very solid, classic styles of beer - the Woodshed IPA and the Derby Girl ESB are fantastic. I just love that I can also come here and try the Jinja Ninja or the bright pink Hibiscus Saison if I feel like mixing things up. If you come on Monday, the beers are only 2.50. Let me repeat that: amazing craft beer for 2.50 a pint.And quite frankly, Vintage is clearly home to some really innovative thinkers. When I attended the Great Taste of the Midwest in 2011, Vintage had what amounted to a huge, swank lounge set up at their booth. You could laze about on leather couches, enjoying the brightly colored fish swimming about in the enormous fish tank while you sampled their beers. This, in the middle of a grassy field at Olin Park.The atmosphere at Vintage itself is very similar. The place is dark, dark, dark, with low lighting, dark wood, and a beautiful aquarium behind the bar. There are many comfortable places to sit or lounge, and the dining area is similarly dark and comfortable. The icing on the cake is the brand new outdoor area, where you can eat or drink under the lovely little lights strung across the patio.I generally go to Vintage for the beer, but I've enjoyed some good meals there as well. They have creative menu ideas that are generally well-executed. The portions are huge, so feel comfortable splitting an entree with a friend.
4	We were staying in Middleton, it was a rainy night, and wanted a good, close place to watch the SF Giants playoff game. Off to Vintage Brewing Co. we went. Upon arrival around 6pm on a Tuesday night, there was no wait at all. We ordered the pretzel appetizer that came with cheese-beer dip and mustard-beer dip. The pretzel wasn't that great, it was doughy and chewy. The cheese-beer dipping sauce was better than the mustard one.I got the Home Grown Burger cooked medium which was just the right away of pinkness. The burger was sooo juicy. Slices of apple in a burger? Weird, I know. But the flavors complimented well with the slice of apple. It was a delicious burger. I would probably opt for the potato chips instead of tater tots had I know that potato chips weren't the Lays one but home made!Overall a solid place for a burger! I'm looking forward to trying The Old Fashioned and comparing the two burgers :)
4	Great beer selection. Food isn't amazing but surprisingly good for a microbrewery. I'd definitely recommend this place.
4	Let me start with the positives. Great food, prices, waitstaff and location. It's a lot more mellow and upscale than the downtown location and great for watching a football game. The food is great. The menu is fairly standard, but the quality of the food is the real kicker! It always tastes freshly prepared and very flavorful. They have some solid apps too. I may go back just for those.Oh, Vintage, how I want to be impressed with your beers, but am continually disappointed. Out of the four or five beers I've had from Vintage, I've never loved a single one.
5	Our of this world phenomenal! Lived every bite. The hoof wings were a treat, the cheese curds delicate and awesome; the bbq Mac & cheese blew me away. It is a bed of pulled pork covered with Mac & cheese. House made root beer and cream soda were killer.  One of my favorite must-hit places in Wisconsin
5	Since my first review, I've had the fortune of visiting Vintage and having dinner at least eight times. I have yet to find something on the menu I don't like. And now that they've opened the patio, they've become one of my favorite places for summer dining. Try the fish tacos, the BBQ Mac & Cheese (it sounds like stoner food, but it's amazing), or the meat loaf sandwich. If you're not in the mood for rich fare, the buffalo chicken wrap is awesome. And, of course, the beer menu is variable and delightful, but probably best for those with an adventurous palate.
4	Love love love Vintage Brewing Co! The atmosphere is mircobrew/supper club/grandma's house circa 1960. Beer list is varied and the drink list is full of fun retro cocktails. The menu is awesome! If you love good burgers and comfort food, this is the place. Other than the burgers and sandwiches the rest of the entree menu feels a little like what you might expect to be fed for a Sunday night family dinner. The cheese curds are amazing!My only complaint they've taken seasoned fries off the menu. Bring back the ranch fries!
3	I went in on a Friday and of course they had a fish fry.  The nice thing about the place was that it did not overwhelming smell like fish.  This is a definite plus.  It was crowded and loud, which of course at a brewery you would expect.  However, it is was borderline annoying as you could barely converse.My group had the Irish Nachos as an appetizer.  They were ok but not for the price.  It is a loaded baked potato cut into slices.  I will pass it on if I were you.  It is just nothing outstanding.I had the BBQ Mac & Cheese.  It was amazing.  It comes in a casserole dish and the pork is baked under the noodles.  The presentation was beautiful, the meal was delicious and it was definitely worth more than the price.My husband had the fish.  It comes with 1, 2 or 3 pieces.  The pieces are as long as the plate.  He was very satisfied with his food and had to take a piece home.  He ordered the 2 piece meal. Overall, I give it a 3.  I liked it, I loved my dish, but the overall atmosphere just did not make me feel comfortable.
4	holy cow.  or fish.  We went to the Vintage for a work celebration lunch with about 12 people.  The service was good and we sat next to the fireplace.  The food was fantastic.  I had the fish sandwich and pub fries which was excellent.  The sandwich had 2 huge pieces of breaded fish and a toasted bun with a pitch-perfect sauce.  I took 1/2 the sandwich home as did 2 others.  The pub fries were as expected and delicious.  Others had the meatloaf which was good and grilled cheese did please.  I would go again, maybe have some beer this time.
3	I have not had a meal here yet, so I can't give it a better rating yet.  However, a few weeks ago, when the weather was still very warm, I had some drinks and appetizers on the outside deck and was very impressed.  Very good apps, vast beer selection, and great service.  It they keep doing this, they will be successful.  I will update my rating after I have a meal.
5	Man oh man! Why is it that most places in this city have trouble cooking a burger to the right temperature? I've started ordering rare burgers at restaurants in hopes of getting something less than a chewy over done burger. Congrats Vintage! That black and bleu burger was probably the best burger I've had in Madison. It was seasoned well, had a great crust, cooked to the requested temp, tasty toppings and a sturdy bun. Yum yum yum! The prices on some of the burgers are high (up to $15), but when you consider the size (1/2 lb. patties) and how damn tasty they are, it's worth every penny To top it off, I had an incredible beer: Toil & Trouble. I've never tasted anything like it and I'm at a loss for the right descriptors...sort of a sour ale, but totally different. Here's the description: Spiced with heather tips and mugwort (no hops), brewed with a portion peat-smoked malt, and wildfermented for a pleasing tartness... unless your name's Beowulf, you've not tasted an ale like this! Don't hesitate on this one...it's limited and our server warned us it won't last long. I can safely say, if want a good burger and brews head out to Vintage.
3	Vintage Brewing Company definitely brews some strong beers. I enjoyed my "Scaredy Cat" - a pitch black beer (Oatmeal Stout). I must say, I haven't traditionally been a fan of dark beers, but I have really started to find ones that I enjoy and this... this is one that I can add to my list.Now, the food. I made a mistake when I ordered the Grilled Cheese Cheeseburger. Yes, it's a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, burger, fried egg, and another grilled ham and cheese sandwich. Which, yes, that is a lot of food - and I went in with the intention of saving extra for lunch the following day. Plus, I've had a similar sandwich in Winter Park, CO and loved it. For me, the ham in the ham and cheese just tasted 'off.' I don't know if the ham went bad or if it was simply one too many ingredients.I think if I go again, I will stick to something a little more simple, such as the Home Grown Burger (I hear that is one that I need to try). I will also be stopping by their downtown locations, I hear there are some great drink specials there and I want another Scaredy Cat soon!
4	Oatmeal Stout, Yes! Fish Fry, Yes!Great bar burgers, Yes!The Vintage is clearly a great place to have a social gathering or just a random Friday night. If you love beer, you will love the Vintage. When you order food, you will most likely be taking some of it home. They give you decent servings. Plus, if your like me you will be filling up on beer as well....This place is hit or miss for service. They're really busy Friday and Saturdays. But, if you have an evening during the week I would suggest hitting it up.Plenty of parking!
5	This is probably a sacrilege but I'm not a huge fan of beer. That being said, their scotch ale was really good. It was oddly light and had notes of caramel with a clean finish. Their stout was waaay bitter and devoid of the coffee notes you'd normally expect from a stout, but would pair well with a dessert, I think. Anyway, as far as the food goes, I was floored. They have this menu item called Irish Nachos. It's thick, crispy potato slices with bacon, ranch, and herbs on top (and probably other stuff but I'm drawing a blank). Srsly, it's phenomenal. I also had their "locavore" burger option, the Home Grown Burger. Local, grass-fed beef with white cheddar, apple slices, arugula, and an apple cider reduction sauce with a side of black pepper aoli. Oh yeah--I asked for it done medium, and it was cooked perfectly. I'm pretty sure the clouds parted and I heard singing when I took my first bite. Then I ate until I wanted to die...and I would have died happy.Also, I had this near-cathartic food experience while warming up by their fireplace and watching some bizarre, dated, bawdy Britcom/musical on the television. All in all, an excellent experience.
2	Didn't know the kids menu was the same as entrees. The Mac n cheese was hardly enough for a small child.  The Bee's Knees beer was lame.
4	Great beer selection and foosball! Go fight win
4	I don't drink and so can't comment on the brews, but been here twice now for dinner. For Madison / American food, it was pretty good. The first time was for Restaurant Week; can't remember the exact dish but it was excellent. Wraps and burgers also good. Not too loud and nice-casual. Dark, modern-retro styling and black-and-white films running on silent all night.
5	Totally love the food and beer!!!
5	This is my favorite brew pub in Madison.  The beers are generally excellent, the upscale tavern fare delicious.  I steer friends and family here whenever I can.The hog wing appetizers could be a meal unto themselves, if you ordered at least one per person.  Their calamari is perfectly breaded and fried.My wife loves their stroganoff, and BBQ mac & cheese.  Both are wonderful comfort food dishes.I prefer their bacon-crusted meatloaf, either as an entree or on a sandwich.  The combination of bacon and the spicy ketchup elevate an already moist and tasty meal well above what most folks think of as meatloaf.My only complaint about the burgers is that they may be too large, with each featuring a half-pound of local beef from Knoche's.  I recommend the tiger burger, which they top with roasted mushrooms, caramelized onions, lots of provolone, bacon, and prime rib.  It's so good I barely look at the other burgers on their menu.Their beer dinners, with several courses of even better food paired with short pours of beer, are amazing.
3	The Vintage isn't my favorite brewery-restaurant combo in Madison, but that probably says more about this city's plethora of glorious brewery-restaurant hybrids than the Vintage. I used to come here more often when they had trivia (frankly, I'm not sure why they stopped - the place was PACKED for it on Tuesdays). I can't give it a much higher score, though, due to some snafus that I've had while dining here.First, the good stuff. When everything goes according to plan, the staff is friendly, welcoming, and attentive. The beers are excellent, and there are almost always specials of one sort or another on various drinks. Hibiscus Saison isn't often in season or in stock, but when it is, it's a tart, fruity glass of deliciousness and quite possibly my favorite summer beer. A welcome surprise is their mixed drinks, which often fall to the side in brewpubs. Their sangria is a personal favorite. As far as food goes, I'm a fan of the cheese curds (although they're quite greasy), the meatloaf sandwich, and the Big Sky burger. The bathrooms are well-stocked (points for any bathroom that includes hand lotion at the sinks) and clean.Now, for the less-good stuff. First, they won't seat your party until everyone is there. I know this is a common practice in most larger cities, but it's still enough to raise an eyebrow in Madison. Second, the beautiful outdoor patio has so much potential, but there are some significant problems. A lot of places will have some sort of mosquito deterrent in the form of citronella candles or torches, but that isn't the case here; I was eaten alive in the five minutes I was outside. Also, we had the misfortune of being seated directly under a pair of speakers with music so loud it was difficult to have a conversation; at times it even felt physically painful. On this occasion, my companion and I moved indoors due to these factors, making sure to speak to a server before we were moved indoors. This is where things began to unravel. The music was still extremely loud, especially considering this was a Monday night and the restaurant had very few people in it. There was only one other table of diners in our section, and it would seem that our move led to us being seated in customer purgatory, since neither of us could get a server's attention the vast majority of the time. There was one slightly-older female server who took pity on us whenever she saw us and made sure we had what we needed, made sure our food was tasting good, etc. However, I don't think it was her section, so we didn't see her often and would desperately try to flag down a server, sometimes waving our arms at the servers who congregated by the patio door to chat with each other and who were doing a great job at ignoring us. The noise level in general is fairly high, with practically nothing to dampen it. There are also some items on their menu that are ridiculous or bland/stale. The pretzel appetizer is tough and appalling. The spinach artichoke dip is fairly bland, and it would go much better with baguette slices than the tortilla chips that are served with it. The Irish nachos are anemic and fairly flavorless. And the grilled cheese cheeseburger - which substitutes an entire grilled cheese for each half of a burger bun - is a foot high, impossible to eat, revolting in concept, and seems like a transparent ploy to get Adam Richman to visit.I'll still be back for more Hibiscus Saison, though. Mmm, beer.
4	I enjoyed my experience at VBC. I went with a group of friends for dinner on a cool summer night. We sat on the patio, which is really quite nice.Our waitress was ok. She didn't tell us about any specials up front, and when we asked, we weren't particularly blown away by them anyway. She also seemed unsure of what kind of soup they had. I think she was maybe adjusting to using a tablet to take orders. Whatever happened to writing them down?!Started with some beers and the chips and beer cheese dip. The appetizer was warm and flavorful. They were out of several beers, which the waitress listed so quickly that I forgot which ones they were and tried to order two of said beers. None the less, I eventually got the hibiscus saison, which was a beautiful color, dry, and bubbly. I really wish that they offered a tasting flight, but I didn't see it on the menu anywhere. Everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their beer choices too, but it would have been nice to sample them before ordering.I had a chicken wrap and tots. Loved the tots! Nice and crispy, and well-seasoned. The chicken wrap was a bit unbalanced in its assembly-- lots of lettuce in one half, chicken in the other. Still, it was really tasty, just required some reconfiguring.We lingered on the patio near the end of the night (a Tuesday) and I didn't feel as though our waitress was really laying pressure on us to leave, which is nice. As a former waitress, I can appreciate wanting to get out of work on time! They sort of cleaned up around us, but let us wrap up in our own time.Overall a pleasant experience!EDIT: I was back at Vintage and now they offer "flights" in the form of sampling glasses. There's no set amount you have to get, and each glass is $1.50, unless it's over 7% alcohol, then it's $2.
5	The Vintage has some of the best beer in Madison. They always have a great variety of beers to choose from and excellent food to boot. My favorite beer is the Woodshed IPA.  The perfect match for the patio on a hot summer day. Plus they have a grilled cheese cheeseburger, yes thats right, a cheeseburger between two grilled cheese sandwiches!
3	busy place on a friday night.  had their scaredy cat oatmeal stout, and it was very smooth.  i would have had a couple more if i wasn't planning on eating a lot of food.  their house made fried cheese curds were definitely fresh, and probably the highlight of the meal.  my girlfriend got the homemade beef stroganoff, and raved about it.  i got the bacon wrapped meatloaf, and i was a bit disappointed. it was probably 2-3 days old.  it was cut thin, and the meat itself was very dark and near dry.  the green bean side was cooked perfectly, and i can tell they use fresh produce and vegetables.  i would go back, but i would stick more to beer flights and appetizers.
4	Yum, yum, yum!!! We had a long wait due to short hand staff, but the food was amazing!! The burgers are so good and there are a ton of sauces for your fries! Start with the pretzels for an appetizer too!
3	Let's face it: you probably go here for the beer rather than the food (which is not bad--solid bar fare).  Everyone at my table enjoyed their food.  The stroganoff was highly recommended, as was the tiger burger and the chicken pot pie...but I haven't personally tried them, so I can't vouch for 'em.  I had the hilarious idea that I'd go light and order soup, so I opted for the white chicken chili (it SOUNDS light, right?!). It turned out to be a roux-based, cream-laden, sour cream and cheese-bedecked stew that--while being very tasty--was undoubtedly in the quadruple digits for calories.  The beer though.  Woodshed IPA....yum.
5	Went a couple weeks ago, so I don't have the particulars. However, with a small but unique menu, good prices, and good staff, as well as some tasty brew, we will definitely be making another trip. Pits the old jt Whitney's to shame.
4	This was a last minute decision for dinner...on Badger Football game day....on Family night.  So literally every place was packed and every place had a wait of at least an hour...so our expectations were low.  The hostess was very nice and reasonable on her time estimate for 2 people (20-30 minutes, I think we were seated in 20 mins).  She came and found us in the bar where we were enjoying some delicious Pumpkin Disorderly.  We watched as waitress after waitress kept passing us by before we flagged one down and told her we were ready to order.  Despite the poor service, she apoligized and told us she thought we were already being helped because we already had drinks (that we brought over from the bar).  Simple mistake, its busy and she was honest with her response which I respected.The food was awesome.  Mainly burgers and bar food -- I had the pinapple and cream cheese burger with waffle fries.  You could put cream cheese on a shoe and I'd probably eat it but honestly this was really well done.  It was a thin slice of cream cheese, not a glob, and it was matched perfectly with the sweet grilled pinapple.Reasonably priced and we were in and out within an hour.  I would check out this place again.
4	For a small brew pub, they sure do make a tasty beer.And the names?  Yes, I WILL have a McLovin.When you think of brewpubs in Madison, Vintage may not be the first mention.  Now it definitely will be for me.  The beers made here are incredibly good, and there is quite a good selection as well.  The food is also excellent as well.  I had the chicken pot pie, and while it ended up more like a chicken pot pie soup, it was still good.  This is a great choice for American style food and most definitely a great stop for beers.
4	Great menu, lots of items to choose from! However, if its Friday- get the fish fry! Do it and thank me later. They also offer tater tots on the side, which is kind of my favorite thing ever.
4	Nom nom nom good food and even better beer, this place has changed hands over the years but Vintage has finally pulled it off, fast service with good food is a homerun anywhere but here it makes you come back.
5	This was my second time at vintage. I had the home grown burger and it was off the charts. I washed that down with their IPA and the Pumpkin Disorderly (a pumpkin ale that only comes out this time of year) awesome place to grab a beer and some quality food.
3	Hot tip: Mondays feature $2.50 pints (for beers that are under 7% ABV)I've been to the Vintage at least 20 times this year... (I might have a problem)+ Love the interior; old bar schwag, retro tables and chairs, the fish tank+ Great beers. They'll offer you samples if you're uncertain about one or two.+ Reasonably priced growler refills - take some home with you on the cheap!+ Great place to meet and chat with friends/coworkers/etc- Service is so hit-or-miss, especially at the bar. There area a few *awesome* bartenders, and they rock big time. There are a few that are aloof and not very helpful... all of the time. Grrr.+ Interesting menu- Not all items are as good as they sound+ Tots are amazing- I eat too many tots- Bands. No. Too loud, and too cramped.Overall, I'm a fan. Just wish more of the bartenders were a little more friendly and helpful.
5	Whenever I'm on the West side of Madison and am thinking food. I'm thinking BBQ Baked Mac & Cheese at Vintage Brewing Co. Not only is it one of the better mac n cheese out there...but it has spicy bbq pulled pork as a base then a nice layer of creamy pasta then topped with seasoned bread crumbs. It's a must try if you go. And pretty much you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Their burgers are fantastic (Big Sky Burger is pretty badass). There's also the bacon-crusted meatloaf with a side of mash potatoes and veggies...pretty awesome indeed. And recently I just tried their Asian Pork Belly Bites from their appetizer menu, sweet and savory, melt in your mouth goodness served with wasabi/cilantro aioli. Muah.And I'm giving this a five since they've found a way to really heighten up the flavors in American cuisine, providing it at affordable prices and they brew their own beer, which is another speciality they have.http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2013/02/vintage-brewing-co/
3	Heads up! Get to this place early if you want to eat there special.5 stars for great tasting food, minus 2 for and an unfriendly hostess.
4	Mondays feature $2.50 pints (for beers that are under 7% ABV) Wed it is $3.50 I think!There are always new beers to try and 1 or 2 on cask!  Burgers are some of the best in Madison.  Cheese Curds need some work, however.Some will not like that they get busy, but this is a sign of how well received they are.  You will have to wait anywhere on a Fri or Sat night that is even half way decent.  My biggest knock on the place is that they do not update their web/facebook page on thier beers.  It is a brew pub, so tell us what beers are on!  Also their bar staff can be hit of miss, sometimes it fells like they don't want to help the people around them.All in all HIGHLY Recommended.
3	Their rotating beer selection is legit. A staple year round selection is the McLovin
5	The Irish Nachos..and maxmillion awesome combo..Party in the mouth..We had a sandwich on marble rye bread,,,the out side crust was dry.Over all though looking to try some more foods,and beers.Their  Scarrty cat was on the tame side for a dark beer lover like me..But it was still a good pint *-*
5	We just had one of the best meals in recent memory at vintage brewing.  They have the best Weiss beer I've had outside of Munich as well.
5	Giving Vintage full stars for they exceed expectations. Went there again last Saturday night for dinner. The last time we were there we had their burgers and they were amazing, one of the best in town. Anyway, on this night we started with the Asian Pork Belly Bites as an appetizer. We were worried about portion size as these are more of a gourmet app than cheese curds. Well, we got six huge pork rolls that are deep fried, rolled in  sweet Thai chili sauce and served with wasabi-cilantro aioli and pickled veggies. Okay, I truly believe this is the best appetizer I've ever eaten in Madison if not of all time. Epic must have.For dinner Jack wanted the meat loaf, but he wanted to be daring and tried the Pot Roast Balls - a pot roast dinner, beer battered & deep fried. Three chimi-like balls that contain braised beef short rib, roasted carrots, caramelized onions & roasted garlic mashed potatoes and served in VBC Scaredy Cat Stout beef gravy. While it sounded really good, the deep fried battering just didn't quite go with the contents, but accolades to the chef for daring to be different! They weren't bad, just didn't hit home that night.I ordered the chicken pot pie and they did it right. Perfect flaky crust and the correct contents and consistency that most restaurants have not been able to pull off.Accompanied by their IPA and a great (and cute) waitress, this is a place we will definitely return to soon. Heard their nachos are incredible.Kissy
3	Ok place.  Service was good.  Nothing to write home about. Lots of parking.  There are better brew pubs in town if you are looking for good beer, but not many that are bigger.
3	Nice location. Waitress was ok, nothing special shall I say. Nice setup but it was very dark in there. It wasn't crowded but she sat us in between 2 other groups which was puzzling to me. You can try a few samples but the waitress acted as she was getting annoyed and kind of pushed to order a beer. My boyfriend ordered a double grilled cheese burger, another friend got the surf n turf as I ordered BBQ tacos smh. What was I thinking? They brung out 2 huge burgers. The grilled cheese had 2 cheese sandwiches with a huge burger in between with 2 friend eggs including tomatoes, lettus and onions. Huge! Surf n turf was 4 jumbo shrimp on a huge burger topped with cheese and hollandaise sauce! Perfection! Besides the the waitress acting as we annoyed her and her sitting is in the crowded area and it being dark. The food was good except those damn tacos. Boy was I pissed when she sat those burgers down next to my bullshit taco dinner SMH! She could at least warned me lol!!!!
4	Vintage is a great go-to place for dinner and drinks. I recently went for a friend's birthday on a Sunday night. Plenty of tables available for our large group. Great house-brewed beers, and a large selection for a microbrewery. The food is great, awesome burgers, tater tots!, and the pizzas on their late night menu are tasty.
2	I remember eating at Vintage a couple years back and not really liking it, and things apparently haven't changed. Everyone's food tonight was pretty bad, and we won't return.First of all, it's way too expensive. Some of the burgers are like $15! I opted for the Chipotle Turkey & Bacon ($10.50) only because the menu made it sound really special. It looked and tasted like something you'd get from Arby's. My friend's Chicken Pot Pie ($11.75) was a muddled mess, and several dollars too expensive. One of us went with the Crispy Buffalo sandwich, and that was a confusing disaster. It's a ground chicken patty slathered in buffalo sauce. Why ground chicken?!  Doesn't that technically make it a burger?! It was disgusting. Lastly, one of us ordered the Southwest Chicken salad, which was also a confusing mess. I guess you'd call it a deconstructed salad. It was weird, and my dining companion struggled with it. The only good things about our visit were the beer and the staff. The beer was decent and every employee we dealt with was fantastic. A shame about that food, though. Blegh.
3	"I don't wanna talk down about the place. The beer is good, the place is good, but the stroganoff sucks dick" - Nate T.
4	We stopped by this place on a Friday night just to try a few of their brews.  We had already eaten and just wanted to finish off the evening with some suds.  We got a flight of 5 beers the first time and then another 4, so we had a good assortment to judge on.  The ones that stood out were the Hibiscus Saison, Jinja Ninja, Trepidation and Dedication.  The winner was Dedication followed closely by Trepidation, yum yum yum yum yum!   When we are back in town we will definitely swing by again and maybe try the food this time :)
2	-4 stars for the food that my date and I had, +1 star for the wait-staff service, and being seated quickly during an extremely busy Thursday night.My date got the chili - only ate half of it. There was so much cheese in it, and she said it tasted like spicy marinara with beans.I had the beef stroganoff. It was so oily, that there was an oil slick underneath. It also caused me to have gastronomical issues for the remainder of the evening.I might go back to try a burger...
3	Well I will preface this review with the fact that I was here for dinner and not for drinks. It seems like a great place to grab a beer. However here are my thoughts on the food. I got the fish fry and it was ok. Nothing to brag about but decent. The place is noisy so if you are looking for a place to have a conversation this is not the best venue. But it is large so it is good for a bigger group of people, which is how I ended up here.
5	I've waffled between 4 and 5 stars for vintage but I'm back to 5.  Our last 2 visits the service was perfect.  We had a long hiatus between the last visit and the one before and the menu seems to have been greatly expanded while we were away.  One detail that has never waivered - the beer has been superb from day one and only ever gotten better.  Love this place.
4	I have always had good experiences at Vintage. Great selection of beer and a variety of tasty food.I had the fish tacos which were very good. My girlfriend had the chicken caesar salad which she said was also good. Quick service and fair prices.Highly recommend!!
5	Love this place!   From their beer to their food and service they rock!  Favorite place in Madison.
1	If you like your beer served with a side of poseur attitude then this is the place for you. And are my girl and me the only people who can hear that mosquito beater whining over the completely convincing rap music?
2	We weren't planning on stopping in Madison on our trip from milwaukee to new glarus, (yes, a beercation), but the guy at stubbys in milwaukee said if we liked good craft, that was the joint. So, we managed to fit it in, but it meant we got there right at open. The host came outside to set up some special boards, didn't even look at us or say hello. That was a bad way to start. We sat at the bar. Ordered a couple of flights and food. Fish tacos r excellent and very large. Portion sizes r very generous. Being beer geeks, we r always psyched to go to breweries and talk to the bartenders about their beers. I guess coming so early wasn't something the bartender was happy about. He was clearly too busy setting up to care about talking beer or otherwise with us. He didn't promote their beer, didn't tell us anything about anything. We were clearly a disruption. It's such a shame bc the beer was actually really good! Food was fantastic, service sucked. So go, try the beers, but don't expect anyone to care that u r there!
5	Amazing beers, yummy food & friendly staff!  Favorites here are the curds and mac & cheese.
5	I had an excellent experience with the Vintage that I have to share!I ate there about a month ago with my mom and I had the chicken & waffles.  We had shared an appetizer, so I didn't actually get around to eating the waffles until I got home.  The waffles were really bad.  One bite was almost entirely baking powder, so the batter had not been properly mixed or something.  Anyway, I emailed the Vintage to let them know.Later that week I got an email from the chef - he apologized and acknowledged the problem.  Additionally, he told me that my email had led him to totally rethink the dish and that if I wanted to come back and try the new version - it would be on the house.I just tried the new and improved chicken & waffles and I have to say they are the BEST I've ever had!The new waffles are Belgian style and the chicken breading has been made slightly sweeter, more crunchy and lighter in color.  It seemed like the thigh meat had been cut thinner than before too, so the breading / meat ratio was higher.  The gravy was not thick anymore - it was sweeter and more buttery; a dramatic improvement!If you've been disappointed by the C&W here before - now might be a good time to try again.
5	My wife & I came here for the first time to celebrate after purchasing our new home.  The Divine Swine Sandwich and Fish & Chips entree were over-the-top!  Some great beers, too - we had Woodshed IPA & McLovin Irish Red.  Looking forward to trying more.  Our server, Randy, was prompt & hilarious.  Thanks again.  We'll be back soon
4	Fantastic Beers! Awesome selection! Food was OK. So far my favorite brewery in Madison with a ton of beers. Overall shared sample with a buddy and tried 12 unique brews (all brewed by Vintage). Only 2 out of the 12 were not very good. Highly recommend trying Dedication, Brett-ication, and Trepidation (my fav). Had a southwest chicken salad to try and eat healthy, but I didn't look close enough at the description. It was breaded and the lettuce was on the side in one big chunk with a ton of rice. The description is (Cornmeal and pistachio crusted chicken breast served with a grilled romaine wedge, white rice, fire roasted corn salsa, pineapple pico de gallo, avocado and a generous amount of cilantro lime sauce.) It was exactly that. Good but not that healthy for what I wanted. Definitely would go back and recommend this place for the beer, atmosphere, and food.
3	I have very mixed feelings about Vintage.They used to be one of my favorite places to go, and to take people who were visiting from out of town. Their beer selection is fantastic, they had a number of great gluten-free options on the menu, and my only complaint was that it gets *really* crowded/noisy on the weekends.Their tater tots are fantastic. Their signature drink, a Jack Kerouac, is one of my favorites. Their selection of micro-brews is incredible.But every time the menu gets revised, more GF options disappear. Last time I was in, I was excited to try a couple of their new burgers, only to be met with a perplexing response from our waitress. On my previous visit, our server had told me they have GF buns (though they're not on the menu) and the burgers have always been a GF staple for me there.*This* waitress, however, insisted (after supposedly checking with the owner) that there were also bread crumbs in the burger patties (even though this is something I've checked a number of times over the years, and was assured they didn't) -- anyone who serves high-quality burgers doesn't need bread crumbs in them! Save it for the meatloaf!So why, my dear Vintage, do you offer gluten-free burger buns and then put bread crumbs in the burgers?After this last fiasco, there's not much left I can eat on the menu except for a salad.This makes me sad.
2	My husband and I stopped in for the first time after a movie last week.  We waited for over 5 minutes at the hostess station while several of the staff sat at the bar repeatedly looking our way (they were all wearing matching shirts so we assumed correctly that they worked there).  Finally the hostess showed up and was clearly annoyed presumably by the fact that we were there.  It was about 9:45pm and she made it extremely clear that food service stopped promptly at 10pm.  She rushed through seating us again stating that food stopped being served promptly at 10pm.  We were seated in the bar area at a booth with about 4 or 5 other booths occupied with beer-drinking, sports-watching patrons.  Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves which we took as a good sign.  When our waitress showed up we knew what we wanted since we realized we were up against the clock for ordering food.  Our waitress was friendly and did a decent job attending to us given the other tables she was clearly responsible for.  It certainly didn't look good to have so many of the staff seated at the bar hanging out while our waitress was working her butt off juggling multiple booths and patrons.  Maybe they were off-shift, but since they were still wearing the staff shirts, it wasn't clear and certainly didn't leave a good impression.I wish I could say the food was a more pleasant experience than the initial greeting, but I cannot.  I ordered the simple grilled cheese sandwich with ham which came with a tomato puree for dipping and a side of the signature potato fries.  The fries were excellent; however, the sandwich was the worst I've ever had.  It was a very simple grilled cheese sandwich order which, by all accounts, is very hard to mess up.  Suffice to say, the cook succeed in doing just that.  The cheese wasn't melted, the sandwich wasn't browned in many spots, the bread was actually cold in some areas, and the entire thing was dry and listless.  A huge disappointment!  A simple sandwich which should have been a late night treat was anything but.  My husband ordered the deluxe grilled cheese sandwich and had a much more pleasing experience.  He thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich commenting that it was cooked well and had an overall pleasing taste.Our service overall was acceptable.  Our waitress was clearly overbooked with her workload and it appeared to us that the staff did not embrace the "help a colleague out" spirit of teamwork.  One male staffer kept walking the area routinely, though not interacting with patrons or the staff.  We noticed that as soon as we left our booth, he immediately slid into it and just sat there...very odd.The entire experience was less than desirable and clearly we will not be returning to the Vintage.
4	Food is good, but they really excel with their brews. The Belgian styles that they turn out have all been amazing. If you're out of town, it's a must stop. If you're local, you already know.
4	I love the atmosphere here. I've been here for dinner with friends, drinks after a meeting and even sporting events and have never been disappointed. The menu is great, the beer is awesome and you can't beat their outdoor patio.
2	As a sometimes vegetarian, I've found the menu to be completely lacking and uninspired. And when I am craving something meaty, like a burger, I would much rather drive across town and go to the Alchemy for a better burger. But the real problem for me is the ambience, I find the place way too busy and way too noisy for my tastes.
3	Very good burgers; great shepherd's pie. But other dishes hit or miss. They try too hard with their salads, and just put too much stuff on them for my taste. I ordered what I thought was going to be a "chicken salad" recently. What I got was a chunk of grilled romaine And and whole, crustily breaded chicken cutlet with some other stuff.....not what I wanted at all, menu could be clearer. But great for big groups, good beer, fun atmosphere. But stick to the burgers!
2	I was expecting something amazing from this restaurant, but I was sadly let down. I thought for the prices I would at least not leave hungry, but for $8.75 we got a portion of cheese curds fit only for a small child. My buffalo burger was good, but all of the unnecessary toppings coveted the flavor of the meat. The worst thing that we ordered was a mac and cheese with BBQ pork. The pork tasted like canned tuna and the sauce was beyond bland. I would not go back.
4	Big fan of the burgers, especially the Home Grown. And the beer selection here, all made in house, is vastly superior to the *ahem* competition brewpubs nearby. Outdoor seating is also very relaxing-- Vintage can be a quiet place for dinner at 7pm or a raucous place for beers with friends at 10pm. They have a considerable amount of live music as well.
2	This was my first and last experience at the Vintage. My friend and I were looking for a place to eat lunch on a late Sunday afternoon. We found a coupon for buy 1 lunch and get 1 free so we thought we could get some really nice food at a decent price. The experience was horrible from the start. We walked in and it was not busy at all. We had to wait about 3-5 minutes before the hostess returned from the bathroom to greet us and seat us. While waiting the bartender awkwardly looked over but did not offer to help and two other staff members saw us waiting and not being greeted and did not help. We asked to be seated outside because it was such a nice afternoon. As the hostess seated us outside, we said "Why is no one else seated outside?..It is such a nice day!" Her remark was, "There was a possibility of storms earlier. Everyone else must just be pus****."  My friend and I were a little taken back by the hostess using such vulgar language. it would not be my first choice of words to use to your guests sitting down to eat lunch. In my opinion that is an offensive term. The server was very slow to get out to us and take our order. He was very monotone and had no desire to be at work it seemed like. He was hard to understand and not friendly. We ordered the buffalo ranch chicken wrap and the sweet chili chicken wrap. They were nothing special and I could make wraps better than what they served. My friend asked for ranch and it was forgotten and he did not bring it out until he was reminded and by then we were almost finished with lunch. If she had waited for the ranch the fries and wrap would have been cold by then. Again, for a Sunday afternoon when the place was empty it did not seem like an arduous task.Upon leaving the restaurant, we walked by two staff members who did not say anything or make eye contact or hold the outside door to the patio or the door to leave. It just seems like if you are going to be in the service industry, you should try to offer better service to your customers. Very mixed feelings about this place, as I believe it is a decent place to grab drinks, but it will be very hard for me to go back.
3	3.5 really. Good beers, massive food portions, a bit loud and difficult at times to have a conversation. The hostess greeted us promptly as we walked in but we chose to find seats at the bar. The decor was kinda cool with the walls lined with vintage beer paraphernalia and hanging lamps, but also a bit odd for a craft brewery to have so much macro-brewery heritage on display. Their location amongst the strip malls was also odd and parking was limited however many people were their to catch the shuttle to the Great Taste so it probably is not always that bad. The lighting was very dim for daylight hours but not annoying. We had to ask for menus, but that just tells me they get a lot of local business and both their food and beer menus were impressive. I started out with The Grodz and followed up with Velouria which was pleasantly pungent peach wheat beer. The nacho platter I ordered was mammoth and dense, loaded with cheese, pulled pork, veggies, salsa and sour cream. I barely finished a quarter of it. My buddy's grilled meatball burger was largely proportioned as well but I think we'd both try smothering else the next time. The beers were really the stars here and while they don't offer a traditional flight they do offer taster glasses for $1.50 that you can pick choose for your self. The bartenders were busy and a bit gruff but never rude, they just didn't appear to have the time to be more helpful or friendly as some others have mentioned. I'll be back for sure.
4	The food is solid. I've never been disappointed. Everything I've tried has been good.  The pot roast balls are an amazing and wonderful creation. The stroganoff is another favorite of mine.If you're looking for an amazingly good addictive appetizer, go for the chips and beer cheese dip.  SO GOOD!
5	We spent the day at Devil's Lake doing some kayaking, so by the time we crawled in I was thirsty for a good beer or two and running on empty.  Vintage Brewing coddled both needs handily.  Vintage has about 15 of their own crafts on tap, which is pretty impressive given their size (average restaurant).  That translates into a diverse beer menu with a little bit of everything.  I'm not an Irish Red fan but couldn't help noticing all of the awards next to their McLovin selection on the menu..so I gave it a whirl.  I'm very glad I did.  Best Irish Red I've ever had, hands down.  I was pretty tired and didn't want to get into a second beer at dinner.  So I asked our waitress for a small pour of Sarsaparilla Killa, a Belgian Black ale with molasses, dark cocoa, black licorice and old fashioned root beer stirred in.  Yeah...that's what I said...that's one hell of a concoction!  It's smoother than it sounds and has a nice flavor.  Quato literally resided in my stomach so dinner couldn't arrive fast enough, which was the 50/50 Cali BLT.  Here's the menu story: "Equal parts of house ground beef & bacon compose this beautiful burger. Topped with pepper jack cheese, avocado, chipotle aioli, lettuce, tomato, onion and a fried egg on a Parker House roll".That's what I call awesomeness on a bun!  I inhaled the damn thing as well as the mashed taters on the side.  After eating I felt like another beer but also faced 140 miles to get home, so I capitulated.  Next time I'm back in Madison this place has a strong chance of seeing my mug.  Top notch everything across the board.Cheers!
5	3 words: 50/50BLT, chicken & waffles, pork belly bites.All three were amazing. The syrup gravy on the CnW was melt in your mouth buttery deliciousness. The pork belly app was crunchy with a kick; a perfect starter. All of the flavors in the 50/50 burger exploded in my mouth. That burger alone, will bring us back. The service was great. They were fairly busy for a Friday evening, but we couldn't tell! Our server was very friendly, and had our drinks, and food orders to us faster than expected. He had recommendations about the food, and was  knowledgeable about the beer and menu.  Atmosphere is classy, yet laid back. I can't say enough good things about our visit on 8/21/14. We will be back!
3	This was our second meal at Vintage and it was pretty good. I really love the decor/theme of the dining area. I had the BBQ Mac n Cheese. It was really yummy. Our server was prompt and friendly. My first experience at the Vintage was pretty lackluster. This is why I could only give 3 stars. I will go back again and see how things shake out.
4	Large, diverse, and delicious selection of beers made in-house. My only complaint is that every time I stop here they are out of a beer I want to try! The food is good too and the staff is accommodating about substitutions. Also, they have great Badger game specials.
5	Come here everytime I am in town! Being from San Diego I love craft beer and Vintage Brewing is spot on. They are just courageous enough to make unique and delicious beers, but also have very well balanced options! Also the food is fantastic! Get the pork belly bites! Lisa is great!
4	This has been my favorite burger joint so far in the Madison area (my other is Brassier V). The portions are generous for decent prices. My favorite burger was the Tiger burger (I think that is what it is called though it isn't listed on the online menu when I was checking the name) which was a burger topped with thin cut prime rib with bleu cheese, mushrooms, etc. I have also tried the Big Sky Burger (a western bacon burger - my wife's favorite), the cheese curds (not crunchy enough for me), asian pork belly bites (alright), and their homemade rootbeer (pretty strong on the licorice flavor).Like I said, this has been my favorite burger joint and it comes highly recommended. Great for kids too!
3	The good: their fries are amazing. I probably had a pound of them on my plate-of which I, embarrassingly and in a glutton filled blur, ate in it's entirety. Thick cut potato fries with a sound, but not excessive level of seasoning. Well done. The Bad: cheese curds. These were a waste of about $9. The largest cheese curd was smaller than a marble. Save yourself $6 and grab some from Culver's. The bottom line: solid sandwich and burger menu. Outdoor dining. Overall ok-ish food that'll be tasty at the moment but leave you feeling a bit disgusting and filled with regret about 20 min later.
4	Had a great pastrami sandwich with sidewinder fries for lunch, washed down with two pretty good ales. Good, attentive waitress made things even better. I'd definitely go again, and recommend it to anyone looking for a casual lunch with good beer.
1	All batter no fish fry.Burger cold and red in middle. They offered to "put it back on."Forget it, not worth the wait and tater tots (only + in dining experience) would get cold.Food was less than mediocre but the rude waitress guaranteed the single star.
5	Great food! Great beer! Great service! Never had anything i didn't  like. You can tell with every bite that there is care in the food.
3	I love the Vintage and come here a lot. I would recommend it to others, but it feels like more of a 3.5 star kind of place lately.  The atmosphere is cool. The restaurant is very large and can accommodate groups well.  The bar area has plenty of TVs. They have a great happy hour. The service has always been timely and pleasant.Some of my favorite dishes are the pot roast balls and the stroganoff. My husband's favorites are the pastrami a-go-go and the burgers. The fries are really good. An amazing appetizer I can't get enough of is the chips with beer cheese dip. So why 3.5 stars? INCONSISTENCY.  I've had many good experiences, but I've also had experiences where I've been disappointed with my favorite dishes. For example, I raved about the pot roast balls and my dad ordered them and got a plate that looked like 2 good pot roast balls and one weird misshapen half of a pot roast ball. On another occasion, I talked up the beer cheese dip, and my friends and I were disappointed when our dip was served at a luke warm temperature. On my most recent visit, I had the pumpkin ravioli which had a delicious filling and an amazing sauce, but the actual ravioli was very thick and dense and chewy.  I expect better from you Vintage! I'll keep coming back, but they need to work on serving a consistent product, so I can stop wondering if I'll get an awesome meal or be disappointed.
2	Extremely disappointed, complained that my chicken was undercooked and someone from the back came in and told me it wasn't pick and you should be fine..
4	Inventive Menu.  Warm inviting space.  Good brews and spirts.  Perfect for after work gatherings or pre-game dinner.  Have been there a few times and I know I will be back.
2	I like the decor and it is a good idea, but the food was meh.
5	We absolutely LOVE this place we have never been dissapointed by any of the food.
5	Great atmosphere, interesting food choices, gluten free menu, excellent service. My husband had the "better off red" for his beer choice and loved it! My son was equally happy with the "wheat heavy". To quote my son...the food was fanfrickintastic!
3	This place is super delicious. But, if you are looking for an in and out sort of lunch or dinner, I would not recommend this restaurant. The service is incredibly slow, especially if you have a large party. I highly recommend coming here because the food and staff are awesome, but certainly not a place you want to grab a quick bite to eat..you'll be sitting for a while.
4	Very nice brew pub to compliment the Madison beer scene. All the tastings in the beer flight were good. The food menu is also quite good. Worth a return visit.
5	I am really surprised that this restaurant doesn't have a higher rating.  My husband and I go here all the time and we have never had a bad meal.  I would recommend all of their burgers, the pot roast balls and the chicken and waffles.  Their fries are also really good although i'm not sure if they're made in house or not.  Of the appetizers I've tried, the irish nachos and the cheese curds, neither was all that great but one time they were running poutine and that was awesome.  I feel like this is the one of the best (less expensive) restaurants in Madison and I like that they serve both burgers and sandwiches and actual entres.  Also food has always been served to us in a timely fashion which is nice when you arrive hungry.
