4	I was happy to find a sports bar inside of the M resort with a Yardhouse-esque selection of beers! Chimay red label was ~$4 a pint. Quite reasonable for Vegas . Prices ranged for $3-$4 for all pints and there was a selection of around 100 beers to choose from. Food is served, but I haven't tried it yet. It loses a star because the sports viewing setup sadly is suboptimal. When I'm watching sports - I want it all! I want good drinks prices and I want to watch 6 football games at once. OK no my brain can't handle actually watching 6 games but I like to pretned I can. At the GVR sports bar my dreams come true... 6 games at once with great views of all of them. Here, the smallish TVs scattered about are hardly optimal. It seems you could watch 3 games at best, and even then your view isn't perfect of all of them. *Sigh*
4	$1 beers during happy hour...need I say more?I have been here a few times.  The service really is great.  My bartender du jour was the wonderful Jason, but there were many other attentive bartenders (PJ I think?) who knew all the regulars by name.  One guy told me I reminded him of his high school girlfriend.Anyway, there are many beers to choose from on the regular menu, but for $1 beers it is bud, bud light, coors light, miller gd or miller light.  I had a coors ($1 plus a tip is still unreal cheapo greatness) and chatted with a Canadian businessman next to me.As my glass neared empty, I had several bartenders ask me if I needed something.  Service was very attentive, the atmosphere is comfy, and it is a good place to swing by after work for a much-needed brewsky.  This is a fun place to hang with the guys and watch sports.UPDATE 11/23/09 I went last night with a group of guys and tried the Mirror Pond beer (it was a must - the description said it was burnt orange and I am a Longhorn!) - and needless to say, of the million beers on the menu, I definitely picked a good one.  It was slightly sweet and a bit robust.  You should try it!
5	Best beer value in town, cannot beat the selection of 100 beers on tap. The prices are very reasonable, $2.50 for 12oz and $3.50 for domestic and $3.50 for 12oz and $4.50 for 16oz import. The bartenders are great and always as attentive as are the waitresses. You can also order food from the Vig deli and have it brought to your table. Never had to wait for a table but be careful during Happy Hour and weekend nights as the serve times care long but less than 5 min to wait for your beer and take your order. This place is inside the M resort and there are many things to do besides gamble. The buffet is great also but I will save that for another review.
5	I check this place out last weekend and its GREAT!  Excellent Beer, good food, sports and good service.  My waitress was "Yang" and she provided excellent service
4	Me and my roommates were looking for a place to go one night and we were tired of the same old local bars. So we went up to this bar at M. It was a little busy but we were able to get a table. The menu wasn't extensive but we were able to find some good beers here. The great thing is we were expecting the beers to be between 7 maybe 10 dollars but everything we got was five dollars. Even for a girl like me who doesn't like beer i was able to get.. yes.. a fruity beer.It's next to the sports book which was good for us. The service was good, the waitress was nice. They do need to update the menu as some items still aren't available.
4	Great place to hang out at the M Resort, excellent selection of beers in a nice setting.  The Ommegang is worth the trip alone, be sure and order a sandwich from the deli while you are there.They cannot offer you much in the way of recommendations, but their menu goes into excellent detail and they are very good about taking it back if you do not like the selection.
4	Great place to grab a brew and take in a game.MOST IMPORTANT TIP - Your drinks are FREE if you play one of the video gaming machines at the bar.  This is the M so minimum bets are very low.Very good selection of beers on tap from some of the  best micro breweries in the nation.  Recommend trying one of the local brews from Las Vegas.  Food is OK.  Its bar food after all but really, who cares when you've taken the over and just got a lock.Cheers!
3	I love beer and I love te selection here. I also love that if you are playing in the area, you can get free beers from here. If the tables aren't crowded and you tip your server well, they may go over here for drinks so you can get some really good beers.Twice now I was not playing and sat at a table and wanted beers. The service is the worst I have ever experienced at a bar both times I was here. The first time we waited long enough that we just went to the bar for our beers. Tonight, we waited 10 minutes to order, another 5-10 for the drinks to arrive, and when we were done and had told our server we were done twice our bill never came. It was not till we put on our coats, were standing by the table, and 2 people left that the server asked us if we wanted the check. Great beer but terrible service. Next time I will go play the penny slots and get a free beer and better service and cash out when it arrives. It was ridiculous.
4	Guinness served at 32 degrees! They have a ton of other great beer's for my non-Guinness loving  friends, and for being a Casino bar, its really not a bad price! Just now read the other reviews about these great beers being complimentary for nearby players including the video poker and such at the bar! Oooh ya! I'll be back!
2	This place is inside the M hotel/casino, which I would recommend anyone to visit.  This review is for the beer only as I did not try the food.  All in all, this place has a good number of beers to choose from and your beers are free if you play the video machines at the bar.  Living in Northern California, I am lucky to have some of the best craft beers in the world always a day-trip away.  Visiting Vegas a few weeks ago, it was nice to have a cold Lagunitas IPA while gaming.
4	For being a casino bar its amazing that they offer one of the widest selections of micro brews this side of the city. If you are gambling at the video machines at the bar, you can drink the tastiest micro's comped, but even if you're not, they are only $3. What a steal for beers like Big Daddy IPA, Arrogant Bastard, Chimay, etc.I've also tried there Chicken Wings and being from Buffalo, I have to say they pass the test. (which can not be said for a lot of places on the west coast here)
4	I love beer so this place was GREAT. They had different types of beer that anyone can drink from your regular domestic and imports, ciders and the uniques like Ephemere, UB maudite, Abita's, Moretti's, Blanche de Bruxelles, and this one that i had and really liked but can't remember the name but things you don't find at just a regular sport's book bar!There were 3 bartender's on our side, 2 of them were lazy, rude and never asked if we wanted another drink and we were gambling. Also its NCAA and there are 4 tv's you can see from the tbls and 3 tv's at the bar top why do all of them or 2/3 have to be on the same channel ??? I don't get it and when someone request a tv to be changed don't change it to nba mil/nets are you kidding me?????? We had requested it before since we were watching it!!!! 1 of the guy bartender was GREAT he was running his butt off!!!!! serving the guests at the bar top and making well drinks. Over all good drinks and 1of 3 good service bartenders lol I will go back tho. Also hit a 5 spot!!!
4	Decent beer selection and amazing prices!  On a Friday night at 9pm, $5 for a pint of anything.  Free if you gamble, but then you might end up paying $30 or more for a pint. :)They have some great craft beer finds, such as Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre.  At only $5 a pint, it's a steal.  They have a lot of beer on tap but the unique selections are few and far between.  Otherwise I would totally make the drive down here instead of going across the street to Yardhouse.  And I ran into the same problem as Tricia - their menu is inaccurate.  I was stoked to try the Moretti LaRossa.  But, nope, they didn't have it.  :(  Makes me think that they might have some hidden gems that aren't on the menu.  Next time I will ask.This is a great place to bring frugal craft beer lovers. I recommend sitting at a table, not the bar.  The lighting under the bar is really warm... to the point where I had to sit sideways it was so uncomfortable.
4	Their not kidding, the beer is cold, bartenders are cool an the waitresses are hot. Not just in looks but also the knowledge of what they serve and how the beer tastes.
3	One of the fun things about being in a tourist spot during football season is seeing all the different team jerseys from all over the country. This place shows every game on their many TVs, so it's a good place to watch your favorite team from back home, or follow the games you have money on, or follow your fantasy players...my only interest is rooting for my team, but whatever floats yer boat. You could also watch in the sports bet area, but I think a bar is more fun...part of the bar even faces the sports bet, anyway.The beer selection is indeed impressive, with every major style well represented. But the service is excruciatingly slow...when you offer so many beers, it seems obvious that you should have a beer menu. I'm certainly not going to stand at the bar for 10 minutes and study all your tap handles. But the waitress seemed surprised, and even annoyed, when I asked for one...and then she took several minutes to bring it, when we were seated right across from the spot at the bar where they're kept. That was a sign of things to come as far as refills and getting the check.Great TVs, but some of them are very high up and the place is rather small, so you end up tilting your head up to the ceiling.
5	I frequent this bar regularly with my wife and it is definitely my favorite place to go. Where else can you get GREAT beer and gamble with the company of awesome bartenders as well as a Las Vegas feel? No where. I do wish they replaced that current selection of Dogfish Head with a 60/90/120 minute IPA, that would be amazing but can't really complain! Mike, Dave, Shannon & Luis are all awesome and I highly recommend this place as a gathering.P.S. Sit at the bar if you can, not the tables.
5	I'm a regular here for a reason.  The 32 Degree Draft Bar inside M Resort has become our favorite local hangout spot in Vegas.  Love love LOVE.  The bartenders are brilliant (shout out to Shannon and Dave).  They're very personable and have great rapport with their customers.  Then there's the beer.  Oh man.  The selection of draft beer is impressive, and it changes seasonally.  But wait, there's more.  I haven't even mentioned the delicious cocktails to be found at this beer bar.  Ask Shannon for a french martini, then thank me later.  I also have to comment on the fact that the bar has tons of TV's, and it faces the Sports Book.  If that's not enough visual stimulation, there's always some good people-watching at the M Resort.
4	Decided to check the place out after the reviews on yelp.They had a lot of screens.  But I couldn't get comfortable sitting there watching the games. Just because of how I was angled towards the tv. They had a football special one pizza, 10 wings and a pitcher for miller lite for 20 bucks. It wasn't bad.Didn't really like the smoking by my neighbors. But what can you do. It's in a casino.
4	Cool bar with the deli shop right next door.  It's no NYC deli but still pretty good for casino sandwiches.
5	Is it me? or does the Beers taste colder here? Great selection of drafts, Nice big Video Poker screens . Great location next to the Poker room & Sports book. Don't get me started on The Incredibly Beautiful waitresses . Will be visiting again soon.
4	Have you ever heard some animal say "It's happy hour somewhere!!!"?  Well, it turns out they are correct.  Especially here at 32 Degree where they follow the 24/7 happy hour policy set by the M Hotel.  $5 top shelf mixed drinks.  $3 bottles of beer.  Anytime.Since arriving in the Vegas 6 weeks ago I have been on a mission to find the perfect happy hour.  32 Degree might take the cake.  Nice comfy chairs, lots of flat screens to watch the games and very nice servers ;-D to keep those cheap cocktails coming.  The food menu is somewhat limited to your typical bar foods of sandwiches and fried goods but they are decently priced (sandwiches are all about $10) and are a perfect accompaniment while watching your fav sports team. Tip: $5 double goose on the rocks.  Oof.  So delicious it hurts.
5	Cold Beer, lots of TV's and right next to the sports book, decent food for decent prices... Nice! The M casino is one of my favorites and this bar didn't let me down. I really liked the descriptions of all the beers in the menu... I think that's a great touch and a fun way to try new things out. The server girls were nice and prompt. I had the chicken soup here and it was surprisingly tasty. Chicken wings were good, though I could have had about 3-5 more of them for the money.... maybe I'm just getting fat :)The open design of this bar really cuts down on cig smoke that you might get at other bars as well, and lets you people watch / watch the sports book. Great design. Had to mention that.
4	Great draft selection and friendly bartenders. Food is available from the adjoining Vig Deli, and includes $2 pretzels during happy hour. One suggestion I have is that they initiate a "beer tour" program similar to that of Old Chicago where shirts, etc. are awarded for working your way around the taps. Good job M!
5	My favorite bar to go to when I'm in town visiting my family.  Because it's in the M, and waaaaay off the strip, it's pretty much a locals hang out.  The lay out is very open and located right next to the sports book.  There are numerous flat screen TVs placed all around so wherever you sit, you'll be able to see a game of your choice.  Even better, there is an ass ton of beers to choose from, all served at 32 degrees Fahrenheit (hence the name, Sherlock).  Even better than that, the place is open 24/7.  Food is great - two steps above your standard bar grinds.  All of the bartenders that have served me a drink are awesome and the servers (girls dressed in referee uniforms) are fun, out going and not one of them look like Ed Hocule (that buff ass NFL ref), thank god.  I highly recommend this place if you want to go to a nice sports bar in a great casino way off the strip.
4	Great beer, cool bartenders!!
4	90+ beers on tap? Count me in! Sure, some of the beers are like Bud, but some are also great finds. For a main bar in a casino, this one wins the cake. I appreciate having a variety to choose from. And you can sit at the bar, play some video poker, and get your great draft beer comped. So yeah, if you like beer, you should game here.
4	My beloved (and nationally ranked) Virginia Cavaliers Men's Basketball Team was playing on my first full night in Vegas, so I instructed my friend to identify a place where we could watch the game and I could enjoy a strong selection of draft brews. He picked 32 Degree Draft Bar at The M. And it was a good call.As everyone has noted, they have a massive beer selection with 96 different taps running. Since this is a sports book in a Vegas casino, yes, some of those taps are naturally reserved for commoner beer to suit those with a taste for garbage beer. And some of those are reserved for the "standard" mega-craft brews (Blue Moon, Sam Adams) and big name imports (Guinness, Harp, Dos Equis, Heineken, Stella, etc.) for the less adventurous types. And admittedly, I did chuckle when the menu went into a detailed description of EVERY beer. (I don't think we need a description of Michelob Ultra, thankyoumuch.) The American craft brew selection leaned more towards west-coast breweries, and was a bit IPA heavy, and the imports were the more familiar names, with a few nice Belgian selections found within.Overall, I preferred the import selection a bit more, and there were some nice finds amongst the mix. One was from an Imperial Stout from the exceptional New Zealand brewery Moa, and another was a personal favorite from the UK, Old Speckled Hen. They do keep a fairly up to date list on The M's website, so beer snobs may want to check it first to see if it is worth it to visit based upon your preferences. I only had the two beers here, no food. But they offer food that appears to come from the Vig Deli within the M, so reviewing them just on the beer selection is valid IMO. And it was pretty much what I expected here - a lot of standards with a few hidden gems mixed in. If I were "beer hunting" I would look for better options in town. But if I were looking to watch a game (or bet on one) and have some strong beer options on tap while doing so, I'd definitely come back.
3	Large selection of draft beers but nothing really special. Limited menu from the adjacent deli. Good place to watch a game close to the sports book. Noisy especially from casino machines nearby.
4	Good selection of beer, with 96 brews on tap. Most are Bud, MGD, Pabst, and the like, but there are plenty of quality beers to keep an aficionado happy. Dogfish Head, Chimay, Unibroue, Stone, Firestone Walker... good stuff. Service is hit or miss. You can order food from the Vig Deli next door in the casino, and they aren't bad- especially the Triple Decker sandwich. Beers were 2 for 1 all week, which is an incredible deal. If you can survive two 10% ABV stouts, that is.
3	Love hate this place. Love that there is this large selection of beers and close to where family lives, hate that selection can be "limited" at times.Lots of beers to choose from, so something for everyone. But as others have pointed out, lots of the standard stuff people carry, not often that something "different" on the list. Yet, on my last visit, there were two beers I never had before, and since was happy hour, was a 2fer. So this last visit was nice.A little pricey. A pint that goes for $4-5 anywhere else is $6 here. But compared to some places on The Strip ($8 for a nothing special pint at Umami Burger I had earlier in the day during lunch), a deal, especially at happy hour.Service was good (wish I can remember his name: weekday afternoons bartender has always given me great service, even though I am not a regular).Plenty of TVs to keep one occupied. And of course, the attractive waitstaff.I know NV brewing scene is not as big as others, but would be nice to have more NV stuff on tap, or at least from the neighboring states (see: Total Wine & More or Lee's for some interesting beer options that can be had in NV).
