4	Great space, chill vibe, good art, large beverage selection. Went to an art opening here last night, and was pretty impressed. At long last (someone told us they've spent 19 months renovating/designing this place) Twenty-Two brings the gallery scene in Plaza/Midwood up to a respectable level.You can tell Lisa and her crew have spent some serious time thinking about materials, design, and flow. The bar's gorgeous and minimal, low light, nice stonework, interesting stools. Lots of recycled materials at elegant play here. Bathrooms are over the top comfy and beautiful. Bartenders are total sweethearts, a few maybe a little green, but awesome. I don't get the floral stuff happening on the (huge) windows and around the chandeliers but if I were designing a space of my own, I'd probably be unable to resist embellishing too. That bottleneck between the third pillar and bar is a pain when it's busy, but oh well. All in all, super comfy and easy to navigate even when it's bumpin'.Beers range from 2 to 8 bucks and they have decent stuff on tap, a wider selection in bottles (frambois, yay girly-beer). Interesting sake and wine list. Prices are a tad higher here for imports compared to other places in the 'hood but hey, it's a gorgeous space and someone's got to pay for all that plate glass and stone.Hopefully they'll have a site up soon, as I'm sure they'll keep the art rotation interesting. Right on.
4	This is a fantastic addition to Plaza Midwood, and evens out a scale that would otherwise be leaning toward buffoonery with the recent addition of "Whiskey Warehouse."Although the front two thirds of 22 is a bit brightly lit and austere, the bar itself, toward the rear of the space, is more darkly appointed and has the feel of a little nook.  The bar stools are very cool.  They look like the stonehenge monuments, and they're just about as hard to move.  The place serves double duty as a bar and art gallery, and when we went, a lot of the art was very interesting.  It's probably a good place to meet on a first date, as the art will give you something to talk about.  Behind the bar, you'll find a very decent beer/wine/sake selection that ranges from the ubiquitous PBR cans to high-end wines by the bottle (too rich for this guy).Haven't spent much time here yet, but enjoyed my first visit and will be back.
3	All the pros and one big con:PRO'S: great location/great interior concept/KILLER beer & wine selection/bar area is really unique/bathrooms are unlike any i've ever seen/litting sitting areas are cool/artwork is always eclectic and unusual/SOUL is upstairs if u get hungry.CON'S: Unfortunately the owner. Don't know her all that well, but the little contact I've had w/her she comes off as abrasive (and from talking to Plaza folks who know/have known her, this is how she is a lotta the times). Asked her a question one time & got an answer that reeked of "what kinda dumbass asks a ? like that?". Her attitude would work in a place like the Bird or the old Fat City, but not in a "swanky" place like this......
5	Was strolling through midwood and had never noticed this place! The word awesome comes to mind and then I wish I would have come up with the idea. I frequent the NODA galleries which are all great art venues, but now I can get a glass of red without having to drink out of a small plastic cup!Walked in today and there was just one person there, the owner, she was cool and let me sample some wines and told me about the new show they just put up. Very cool, all about comics, for the rest of you geeks who are into it, it's pretty rad. She also said they were having a huge party saturday and that alot of the artists would be there. Great find!
4	The fine art of comics installation is up until June, it is well worth making a visit to check it out.  There are many things I like about Twenty Two, first of all the wine and beer list is hand selected, you can tell by their choices that if they like it, they buy it.  They also have a small menu of sake, their sake selection is better than most Japanese restaurants.  Totally off topic, you should try some of the fancy sakes, much fun.  The space itself is beautiful, it is the perfect balance of natural and modern. A great neighborhood addition.
5	Bumping it to 5, ya'll, for these reasons:Ever-rotating tap beer selection to keep their ale from getting staleConsistently beautifully hung, well lit shows, with a minimum of high school outtakesSake selection continues to edify meComfy chairsUhWho cares. I come here a lot, feel really comfortable but also like I'm treating myself, see many a work that reminds me to make more money so I can actually collect art instead of stare at it, and enjoy interacting with everyone that works here, whether they're a pal o mine or not. Best Gallery in Charlotte? For all o me, seems to be.
5	Been here a few times now and have enjoyed myself each time. They rotate art out monthly and this time around was skateboard deck art from local artists. Even bought one! Very affordable place to purchase localy made art for your place. Don't forget they have cold drinks and hot ones, too. You can pair your drinks with a baked good as well. Check it out.
3	I have to say that I am so conflicted about Twenty-Two.  I love the concept of local art, wine, beer, sake etc, and music in an atmosphere where you can relax and talk.  The lighting throughout the space could be softer as some reviewers have already stated. As others have also stated, what I have trouble with is the vibe I get from the owner.  On more than one occasion, she has made me feel and many of my friends feel, that she was running the place for herself and we didn't belong there, not only that but we should leave.  It's not that she said anything in particular, but her attitude is consistently disconnected and aloof. This is a total shame because it makes me debate about returning.  Despite these experiences I have been there about 6 times.  The remaining staff has been friendly and helpful with positive attitudes.  I know not everyone can be talkative and excited about art and wine all the time, but if you are the proprietor of a place like Twenty-two wouldn't you want talk up your business when an enthusiastic client walks through your doors?
4	Twenty-two is a nice concept.  It is a art gallery and bar.  At the beginning of the month there is a new art installation and pieces are available for purchase.  The great thing is that they are from local artists and relatively affordable.  The environs are clean and trendy and the crowd is an eclectic mix - lots of hip and artsy people of all ages, but definitely young.  Most of the drinks were pricey, but they still offer items for the value consumers: PBR and Miller High Life "Ponies" which were pretty popular at $1.  A great spot to stop for a drink and enjoy some art.
4	With a phrase like "Art Booze Music Schmooze" how can you refuse?Twenty-Two is a clean, quiet art gallery with alcohol. They update the art once a month and at the beginning of the month there is more of a Gallery Show feeling to the place.Some of the customers are a little too hip for my taste, but overall the array of diverse people is refreshing.I'm a sucker for environment over the drink choices and Twenty-Two is very different from most pubs/bars/lounges (in a good way). The clean, white gallery room with clean, white light accentuates the artwork and the comfy arm chairs are a nice touch.Twenty-Two is definitely different. I'd highly recommend checking it out at least once.
4	How have I missed this place?  The last time I was paying attention it was some sort of clothing boutique.  Like so many other places I've been to in Charlotte, my maiden voyage here was for the beer.  And what beer it was!  There are not an outrageous number of taps (something like 8 or 9, but who's counting?), but each beer that the owner had chosen was solid.  I dug the atmosphere here.  Some other reviewers have stated that they lighting is somewhat harsh, but it did not seem that way to me.  The local art on display is nice and gives people something to look at and discuss, but the amount of art is not so overwhelming that it dominates the space.  Twenty-Two is definitely a great place to mingle with friends and I'll be mingling again.
4	Art meets champagne = awesomeness. Really enjoyed this venue, super friendly staff and conversation starters line the walls. Very trendy-atmosphere but I didn't feel that it was uncomfortably so. I will definitely go back!
5	This place seemed to have a bit of a slow start, but now it is one of my absolute favorites.  The place lacks pretention without losing out on style and there is always a mixed crowd.  The bartenders are awesome and some of my favorite people.  You'll also find one of the best beer selections in Charlotte...although the sparkling shiraz is more my style ;)
4	I resisted Twenty-Two for a long time because I felt like it wasn't the kind of place where I belonged, but as it turns out, they didn't feel the same way.I'm your second-hand jeans, wear it cause its comfy, drinking craft beer on a budget kind of gal and from the outside Twenty-Two looked, straight up, too posh for me. But after some goading from Julia S. I sucked it up and gave them a try. Now I look forward to making it a regular staple. They have a wonderful beer selection, both on tap and in bottles (expect to pay about $6 a beer, which isn't terrible). The art is well displayed and interesting. The chairs are comfortable and the atmosphere is conducive to having a long conversation in the way a bar generally may not be.Oh, and the bathrooms are fabulous. You know, just so you know.
4	This is a wine bar/art gallery with a very laid back feel.  The decor is very contemporary and includes original artwork covering the walls.  There is stool seating right at the bar or you can elect to sit at a table for a more private experience.  The bartenders are very down to earth and are more than happy to help you pick a bottle of wine or a beer you will enjoy.  In fact, they will usually offer you a small sample before you commit to the full deal.  So don't worrying about getting cold feet ;)Thursdays take advantage of 1/2 price bottles!!
5	I went into this reluctant. I was unsure of it. It has a little bit of a prententious vibe from the outside. And there is no food. I like food with my booze. I was wrong (Thank you, Julia). What sold me? The beer and wine is impressive. That is enough to get me. The environment wasn't stuck up. The art was an excellent topic of conversation. The music was good. This is solid and a nice addition to Plaza Midwood.
4	They have Old Rasputin on tap! For my fellow dark beer lovers you must try this, it's soo much better on tap than from the bottle. They also have plenty of other great beer on tap.I like to stop in here for one or two drinks before going to Common Market. I love to see all the artwork and just chill out. The bartenders are pretty nice folk.Other than the art and awesome drinks, it's really not my kind of place. I seem to be more comfortable being unknown here, at least by other patrons. The bartenders know my drink when I'm there however.Bottom line, if you like art and good booze, GO! It's quite ace.
4	Art.  Booze.  Music.  Schmooze.  Throw family in there and that would be my top five list of things that make my world go round.With a rotation of local and regional art once a month, you always have at least ONE reason to go back.  The shows are always well presented with good lighting.  And it is nice to see reasonably priced works in a place that embraces local talent.The wine and beer lists are impressive and ever evolving.  That being the case, I usually find the staff well educated on what they are currently offering.Attention to detail was not lost on these guys when they put this place together.  I even like the lavatory facilities.  The music is never too loud that you cannot hear the people you came with and the seating is comfortably put into conversation areas.The crowd can vary with the proximity of, almost polar opposite, Soul and Snug.  But that is the Wood is.  Ecclecticly delicious.This is my go to spot when I want to get out of NoDa and enjoy a nice quiet evening with some good company.
5	Best bar Charlotte! All are welcome. Very classy and great beer selection. Wine bottles can be purchase.
3	Super chic place - it looks like they cycle artwork in and out so it makes you feel like you are in a showing! I love the beer-snobbiness of the place. The only criticism I have is that it is SOOOO LOUD! The tiny room echoes and it is hard to hear your friends that are two feet from you, the acoustics will wear you out. Those are just on the busy nights though I guess. Will I be back? Eh...maybe a pop-in to check out the art if I am in the area and it doesn't look to crowded.
3	Art gallery/bar.  Cool concept for sure.  The interiors are stunning and very trendy but at the same time....kind of cold.  Lots of grays and stone give it a cold feeling in my opinion but that's what the owners are going for I believe.  The leather chair seating is great though and very comfortable.  Place was crowded the night I was there so seating was limited.  I'm not much of an arts/museum guy but I do like to look.  They change out the art often and so every time you visit you will likely have something new to take a look at.PS.  Acoustics here aren't the greatest, with the cold stone/concrete decor, sound just bounces off everything with nothing to absorb it.
5	Love this place. Great place to have a drink and enjoy a conversation. Trendy without the attitude. Great service and awesome selection in beer and wine.
4	I really, really, really dig this spot!  Not to mention it sits below one of my favorite restaurants, Soul Gastrolounge.The concept is what is near & dear to my heart.  Art gallery + bar + trendy / hip, sure!Not being a huge drinker, I've only sipped on wine here one time, but my boyfriend is a huge fan of the Lambic line of beer & they always have it there.I go for the art shows!  Painting to photography to chalkboard cut out figures to skateboard decks...something for everyone's art tastes!  Several of my friends have entered works / pieces into these showings, so it's great to come out & support them in this space.  The lighting too....oh I love it!The place is kinda small, so be mindful you may or may not have room to move, but hey...if you're into bars you should be used to that. ; )
4	Great place to swing by and grab some drinks and look at local art work.  I really liked the atmosphere in here and met some really nice people while admiring art.  This place is awesome - I just wish some of the paintings were a little less expensive (the good ones, that is)
2	Great space. Low end art.
5	Half price wine night on Thursdays is such a steal! And Ryan is an awesome bartender!
5	Super Cool Gallery/Bar... Art /Booze/Schmooze as they say!  Does this place make Art look better or do they only choose great Art to suit the space?  Maybe Both! !! !!!  This is a GREAT Looking spot!  At night you get a preview before entering because the glass front and part of one side is Huge Modern Display Storefront!  During the day the black curtains add mystique and amplify natural curiosity!  One of the coolest Galleries in Charlotte and as my friends who say "I'll met you in the Bar" will only be a few chairs from those of us who are: "just here for the Art"!  This Gallery offers one of the most diverse ranges of styles and Artists I have noticed.  It seems each exhibit is remarkably different than the previous.
3	Very neat place. This is a second art gallery/bar I have been to. I came here for a going away party for a friend that I haven't seen for 6 years! So this place in my mind will be a special place to start off. Anyways, down to the details shall we?When you walk in you'll notice the very unique lighting and how everything is nicely lit and the paintings and artwork on the wall is clearly displayed. Next, the bar (or you'll notice the bar first without noticing anything else...) is lighted with LEDs at least part of the bar, which I thought was really cool. They have about 12 beers on tap when I went there tonight and they range from either pint or 11 oz glasses depending on the beer and the alcohol content (which me sad I wish they could give me high alcohol in a pint!). Another notable thing to me was that their bathroom sinks were awesome! Very unique i must say.So why give them a 3? I felt that the music taste was just not there. If they had something more of a blues music something a little more quiet then definitely, 4 stars...maybe even a 5. But, due to the event on why I was even there was to talk to other people, the music made it very difficult to listen to each other and hear what everyone was saying. The music selection there is rock/pop, which was pretty loud. Overall though, this isn't really my scene so I can't really say that I would come back and drink. If I were to drink, I would might as well go to the Common Market down the street. I do have to hand it to them the artwork was pretty neat.
5	Such a great place to grab a few drinks either before or after dinner in Plaza Midwood.  It is a beer/wine only bar, so don't expect to see any liquor.  I ALWAYS come down and grab a beer that I've never tasted before, if I'm waiting for a table upstairs at Soul (When is there NOT a wait for Soul?).  Something new is always on tap and you can try anything before you get a full glass.  They keep it fresh and that's the thing I love about it.  The bartenders are always cool too, great with recommendations and good conversation from my experiences.  They've even let me put my own iPod on the sound system when it was a slower night.  The walls are covered with local art, usually from the Carolinas from what I've seen.  They change it up about every month or two and it's all based around some sort of theme.  From the outside it looks very upscale, but it's really laid back and chill once you get inside.  I try to make it up here at least twice a month for a little art, booze, and shmooze.
5	Went here for a friends clothing swap and art event. A very unpretentious art gallery and nice atmosphere to enjoy a (strong) mimosa on a summer Sunday afternoon. Nice to meet new people and talk. The RenElvis suits were fantastic.
5	One of the few bars/lounges that makes me feel like I am in a big city with a unique concept. They display local art (shifting it up every few months) and let guests purchase on the spot while you enjoy a wonderful selection of wine and beer.
4	Small, relaxing lounge area. I loved that there were ALL types of folks in there and they were all friendly. They hang very cool local art on the wall. The bartender I had was super helpful and very sweet!!
4	We head to twenty-two every time we do the plaza midwood pub crawl.  Love the wine flights and ever changing beer selection, but its the constantly rotating artwork from local artists that keeps us coming back to see what's new.Very cool that a bar can change its menu and atmosphere so often and keep people coming back.  Not sure of any other place like twenty-two in the QC.
4	I enjoy the rotating artwork from local artists, beer selection (and beer specials!), and they host a figure drawing class on Mondays.  Certainly one of my favorite bars in Plaza.
3	This is a cute bar that is filled with artwork. Its very tiny and contains chairs in small groups of seating areas. It really isnt set up for a lot of people or groups of people of more than 4. They have great selection of beer on tap. I need to stop in again and try the wine.
2	Twenty-Two is a very cute little spot. Its located on the corner of Central & Pecan so there is a ton of parking next door where the CVS is located. The gallery is adorable and always has interesting art. The furniture is very minimal so if you come with friends you need to grab a seat fast! This is my second time here and the service was great both times. Unfortunately on my last visit on 4/20/13 I realized that the wine I paid $22 for was being sold around the corner at the Common Market for $9.99. We had our bottle at Twenty Two and decided to go over to the market after we finished. My friend opened up their refrigerator and said wow check this out. Same bottle but not the 50% markup. Twenty Two is a real nice place and I dont think $22 is to much for wine but, at least give me a bottle of wine that is worth the price. I understand they may have to markup prices to pay rent and make a profit but $12. Hmmmm. Interesting.
3	My friend and I ended up at Twenty-Two while we were waiting for our seats at Soul Gastrolounge.  The place is really chic and has a modern loft feel to it.  There are a variety of cool paintings along all the gallery walls.  My friend and I didn't want to seem like we were uncultured lushes so we perused the paintings before making a beeline to the bar.  I must say they were pretty darn good.  I always wished that I could paint and draw but guess what, I can't.  Such is life.  I do however, appreciate and recognize good art when I see it.  Anyway, after we looked at all the paintings we grabbed a couple of seats at the bar and requested a couple of menus.  I'm not a big wine or beer drinker so I ordered a cider ale which was a special and quite tasty.  Our bartender was really nice and we ended up meeting some really cool people.  We even had a hearty laugh when the bartender recognized some patrons who were a bit unruly and had to be kicked out the last time they were there.Since I enjoyed Soul Gastrolounge so much and know that there will probably always be a wait to be seated there I will more than likely check Twenty-Two again.
4	I was in town for one night, so my friend took me here for a beer and to see the art... and we happend to stumble onto the exhibit opening. I love meeting local artists. Bought 2 pieces and a few prints from one of the resident artists. Fun atmosphere and space. Highly recommend
4	This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte. It's a charming art gallery and wine bar. I love the exhibits by local artists. It's also located in a fun, eclectic neighborhood with tons of great restaurants in walking distance. The location makes it a great spot for date night or a fun evening with the girls.  I usually browse the gallery while drinking a class of wine and then head around the corner to the soul gastrolounge for dinner.
5	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Can't say enough good things about this place. The atmosphere is always spot on. It never gets crazy loud and they don't blare the music. Excellent beer and wine selection and Wednesdays are favorite with their $1 nights. Can't lose on that one. The art is always wonderful and the seating is comfy and cozy. The small outside section during the Spring and Summer months is one of the best spots on the neighborhood. The owner Rodney is always around and one of the best dudes you'll meet.
5	So... gallery + alcohol = great time.  I checked this place out with a buddy the other night.  It was his birthday so I was thinking more "traditional" bar scene to bring in his "new year," but we checked this place out instead.  Located right underneath Soul on Central (so be careful since the delicious wafting of food smells will attack you on the way in).  Twenty-Two is a really nice gallery space, and surprisingly enough, had a bar area in the back.  They serve craft brews (on tap!) and some unique drinks.  I definitely also noticed some high grav beers... so good!I was immediately drawn to the straight, simple lines of bar and their smart use of concrete tables.  Very modern, but simple enough to let the art be the star of the joint.  This particular night, they were still setting up for a gallery unveiling that weekend.  The installment of "Just another Naked Monday" was going up.  An interesting collection of nude portraits done in various mediums.  I hope the show does well since you can't really get much more personal than a nude ;)The bartender had selected music from The Brian Jonestown Massacre... so it made for some really nice atmosphere to check out the art and to enjoy a few brews.  From what I heard, I need to check out Boardwalk Empire since the show's theme song is one of the bands songs.  It's great to see a nice art space, with good people, and people that know what they are doing.  Definitely will add Twenty-Two to my list of regular places I go to drown my adult-life sorrows and get some culture while I am at it.
4	What features art, drinks,  and is walking distance from my house?  Twenty-Two, of course!  This cozy place under Soul features wine and local beers,  along with comfy seating and a small outdoor area.  They typically feature two artists, and the works are innovative and unique.The bartenders are Friendly with a capital F.  One cheerfully took our order, with a second eagerly following up to see if we had been assisted.  Once, snack packs of  complimentary chips were provided at the bar.  I had my once a year forbidden treat, Cheetos, thanks to Twenty-Two.This gallery is a nice, neat nightcap of a place to enjoy before turning it in for the night.  You will be glad that you dropped by.
4	Excellent beer, decent wine, local art. One Saturday a month, the bar rotates all new art in to exhibit local talent. Most shows have a theme, but sometimes showcase as few as two artists at a time. Each piece is for sale, and make sure you pick up a printed listing of the artists' names, the titles, and asking price while you browse.The only thing that rotates more frequently than the art is the fantastic beer selection. Check out the chalkboard for what's new on tap. They always have local brews, and everything from heavy black mocha stouts to light cherry ciders. I hope that they continue to bulk up their staff on Saturdays for opening nights. This is the only time it's hard to order a drink or even get up to the bar, and the reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars. They say they open at 5 most evenings, but it seems to fluctuate a bit. Monday evenings they have a nude figure drawing class, which anyone can sign up for in advance. Keep this in mind when you're making Monday plans, as it's not open to the public until the black privacy drapes come down from the windows.Be sure to check out Soul Gastrolounge upstairs for dessert. Their cupcake of the day should not be missed!
4	Interesting place to visit.  Themed local art swapped out monthly.  I guess they announce a theme in advance and local artist develop for it.  I am not much for the craft and/or seasonal beers so their selection is not really my thing.  They also have wine.  It is a comfortable place and often crowded.  Bartenders are friendly.  There is a small outdoor seating area.  Apparently, there are flyers with the artists' names, titles of the art, and asking price but I have never used them.  I just enjoy walking around and looking at what they have done.  I guess if something really appealed to me, I would pursue a purchase but so far that has not happened.  it is a nice place to stop while walking around the area.
4	This little gallery is definitely a good representation of the eclectic atmosphere that Plaza Midwood has to offer. There is a great selection of craft brews if you are a fellow beer snob and they offer $1 beer on Wednesday which makes it a prime pre-gaming destination to hit before heading over to Snug Harbor. The art  that covers the walls makes great conversation starters and strengthens the creative and relaxing vibes. As a plus, Soul Gastrolounge is right above!
