3	A decent movie theatre with stadium seating. Went here to watch Wall-E and definitely a good place to watch it. The sound system is THX-enhanced so it was enjoyable. Located inside Suncoast Hotel and Casino.
3	So I've only been here once...went to see a movie, and this was the only theater showing it...it was not an indie movie, just one that came out about a month ago. Pretty standard casino theater. The tickets were pretty expensive...even for a casino. I remember paying less at Sam's Town and Sunset Station...the theater we were in all had really small, non-moving chairs. You couldn't even move the arm rest. I thought that was pretty lame. Concession prices were pretty average, and for a Friday night, it was pretty dead...
4	Very nice theater...and seems intimate.  Some of the theaters are very large -- but even those don't feel overwhelming.  The staff is the usual teenager fare.  And the food prices are over-the-top, as usual for theaters.   The theater itself is located at the back end corner of the casino, near TGI Fridays.  The theater does seem to hang on to popular movies, which is good -- for people on vacation -- who haven't had the chance to see a movie they've been wanting to watch.
4	I've only been here a couple of times with some friends. It's pretty convenient along with the three other theaters within less of a mile. But I like it because it's next to the TGIF. It does feel kinda deserted. I feel like I hardly see the people that work here. Other than that the movies are good and the seats are coo too.
4	I've been here a few times during the day, with my then-boss; noticed many senior citizens at this time. The walk from the parking garage to the movie theater seems longer than other movie theaters located in casinos (this could be a plus for those who gets snacks at the concession stands). Seems smaller with a single floor, but it is clean and seems newer than other theaters. Since we went in the early afternoon, it was not crowded at all.
4	Good theatre which has some deceptively large theatres inside.  The theatre seats are really comfortable.  The staff here is really friendly and helpful.  Just be prepared to stand in line because they do not have any of the self-serve ticket dispensers that I enjoy so much.
4	Being new to Vegas, I put the theater's address in my GPS and was surprised to see that it was in the Casino.  I think the biggest upside is that there is plenty of easy parking. I saw the movie Blue Valentine on my trip which I consider an independent film. I don't recommend the movie, but I do recommend Century 16 if you want to see some independent movies. It was also nice to see that all of the movies have stadium seating too. Next time I want to see an independent flick, I'll come here.
3	The seating was kinda old but the Hotel is not new either... So i guess that makes sense... the flim flickered when we were watching it and had some stalling...
4	Great theater... Very clean, and not as busy as some of the more popular theaters in town, even though it's just as nice.
4	We had fun seeing a movie together as a family. I was happy that the sound system wasn't too loud-my little one even fell asleep:).
3	My friend & I watched Midnight in Paris (FANTASTIC!) the other night and it was only showing at Suncoast or Regal Colonnade on Eastern. Since this was much closer to us, we opted for Suncoast. It was pretty late on a Wednesday night and the theater looked empty; there were no lines at the concessions, and no loitering teenagers (definite plus). Our theater was small and older so unlike the newer theaters, it had the seating arrangement of one row being able to adjust the arms, and the following one being able to recline, never both. That's cool. I was with my pregnant girlfriend so reclining it is since there would be no cuddling involved. Our theater only had 5 people which was nice because there was no need to play musical chairs and everybody had an optimal seat. Unfortunately, I think our theater was next to Transformers or something because we could hear the loud crashes next door. Overall, this theater is okay but it wouldn't be my first choice.Almost forgot to mention: they offer student discounts ($9/ticket) so wave that ID loud and proud.
4	I enjoy seeing movies at Suncoast because they have great stadium seating with alternating row with rocking seats and a great sound system. They have a parking garage on the end of the casino that makes it pretty easy to get in to the theater without having to travel all the way through the casino. The downside is that when you come in to see a movie you usually come out smelling like smoke. Over all I really like that they show more of the art house style films than most of the other theaters in town don't. The ticket takers are also nice and I am pretty sure that most of them have some sort of disability....I really appreciate a company that hires without discrimination.
4	I like this theatre because it's usually just me and the hubby!  It's like we've rented the whole place to ourselves.  The only thing I don't like is having to walk -- or run, if you're me -- through the nasty smoky casino.  However, the theatre itself is clean and comfy and quiet, especially if you can wait a couple of weeks to see the latest new release.
4	This is an older theater located inside the suncoast casino (duh). It seems clean, the theaters are a decent size and you have the stadium seating, the three most important things. Since it's not a particularly trendy theater it has the advantage of being pretty much teenager free, which is always a big plus. Popcorn, sadly, was a little stale. Sad.It's pretty generic, with old faded carpets and not a lot of business, but it gets the job done very well, and it's slightly cheaper than some of the newer theaters. I'm sure I'll be back.
4	This is a big theater, located inside the Suncost, The seats are stadium, so they very spacious and you're able to enjoy the movie as if you were at home.  The cost of tickets these days, you gotta have some luxury, but is a comfortable chair make up for it? The popcorn and soda will set you back another $10 or so, and would be a good deal if the popcorn was fresh.  Our luck todays batch is stale. The theater is quiet, clean and very little teenagers hanging around.
3	This is a very nice theater, I have always enjoyed coming here. The location is extremely convenient and the staff are very polite. The theaters themselves were very tidy and I can honestly say that my shoes did not stick to the floor.
4	Went to a movie here last night.  I didn't check, until I was in the car, where exactly it was.  I was concerned I hadn't left in time since it is in a casino and I was worried about being able to find it (sometimes the casinos can be so huge!).  We got there and the first sign we saw pointed us in the right direction, we were perfectly on time.  Good stadium style seating and good pictures.  They have slushies too so that's a plus :)
5	I didn't know that the Century Suncoast was a Cinemark theatre.  5 Stars!Pros: *  They have special showings.  Jadira and I went here and got to see a remastered version of the Godfather!  That's pretty awesome if you ask me! * I have this medium-sized bucket that you bring to Cinemark theatres and they refill it for only 3 bucks!  That sure beats buying popcorn at regular price!*  The ticket lady was very friendly and was personable during my ticket transactionCons:*  There was no previews for the Godfather screening so we missed the first 5 min.Overall:  Although this movie theater is located inside the Suncoast, it's not as busy as the others in town, making a good pick for me when watching movies.  From the parking garage, you have to walk down escalators.  On the wall there are movie posters for future upcoming movies.  Maybe it's just me, but I like that.Tips:*  From my personal experience, it's easier to park in the parking garage than to park in the front parking lot.
3	Since I watch a lot of movies, and since I am usually in the general area, and since they have showings of one or two non-mainstream independent or foreign movies each week, I used to go here often. Seems to be less crowded than other theaters in town. I have had the entire theater to myself on a few occasions. That made me slightly uncomfortable for a few minutes at first, but I'm used to it now. The employees there can be very casual and relaxed; it is just not busy most of the time.
3	The theatre is located in a dirty smoky casino.... But there were no lines.... And no overcrowding for MIB3 which was the only reason I ventured here. I wasn't disappointed in my low expectations... Customer service was almost non-existent... So it wasn't even poor... Just none at all. The theatres were moderately dirty....surprising because the theatres were empty... So should have been easier to keep clean. A little cleanliness and renovation wouldnservebthis theatre well.
4	I haven't been to this theatre for a long time because I have two others that are closer to me.  I came here last night to see the Royal Ballet's Sleeping Beauty.  This theatre shows many of the Opera in Theatre or Ballet in Theatre offerings.  They do not bring the Met in HD, so I go elsewhere.The theatre was clean and comfortable.  This was a 7 PM screening and since it seems that many Las Vegans are out of town on end of summer vacations, there was no wait at the ticket booth.A pleasant place.  I'll be back as they continue to screen these special events and some art and foreign films you won't find elsewhere.
4	I would come here more but I love Regal because of their rewards card. So let's say that Regal didn't exist, would I come here all of the time? Yes. This is a very nice, clean theater. The snack bar is great and they also scoop ice cream too. They have a candy vendor thing in the snack bar but it's way too expensive.The theater's are really nice. The chairs are always in good condition and they are comfortable too.
3	Always a good place to catch a movie. Happy to find somewhere good that is close to my friends
4	What I love about this theatre is that they have THE MOST COMFORTABLE SEATS! The popcorn is made just right , selection of treats INCLUDING ICE CREAM!! and there's not alot of people which makes the movie all the more enjoyable. There's nothing special about the prices or service because it's like any other movie theatre. I just really like coming here and I get bummed if the movie I wanna watch isn't playing at this theatre ;b it does not get 5 stars because it's in the casino and I hate walking through a smokey casino before/after the movie.
4	I would give this theater five stars if I didn't have to walk through the Suncoast Casino's smoke to get there.  Other than that, I frequent this cineplex because it's conveniently located in my neighborhood, shows independent films, and sells kettle korn--my favorite, and not available at the Regal theaters.  I am definitely a cinephile, usually seeing a film every weekend, so this place is like a second home and I recommend it if you like any of the factors I just mentioned, especially the indie film part.  For this side of town, it's either this theater or Village Square that shows indies.  Now that you know, pass the popcorn and turn off your cellphone ;)
5	This is a nice little hidden gem of a theater.  It's inside of the Suncoast and here's what I love about it:1.) They play indie movies.  It's hard to find art house films in Las Vegas, but I can always count on the Suncoast having quite a few of those elusive, weird Oscar nominated films.2.) Their snack bar is awesome.  They sell hot dogs, pizza, pretzel bites, KETTLE CORN, STARBUCKS coffee and frappucinos, and DREYERS ICE CREAM.  Plus, they have bulk candy options, so you can mix and match your sweet's content.3.) Not many people go here, so you never have to worry about being in a crowded, uncomfortable theater.  Even when I went to the midnight showing of the last Twilight, I had elbow space.4.) Seats are newer, comfortable, and the place is very clean.I love coming to movies here.
4	I found the popcorn to be average. I'm not a fan of Orville. I will say that they aren't afraid to show controversial films which I find to be courageous even though I may not attend them. I like that they've started showing older classic films on the big screen where I would like to see them....if they would just not do it on Wednesday nights!
3	Not a bad theatre, but wouldn't go there unless I has to. It was really nice 10-15 years ago. Now a lot of theaters out do this one! Which leads to its perks. Less crowded and still comfortable. Great memories here from when I was younger :)
2	Don't get here too early! We are In a casino with kids to see a kids movie.... The theater isn't open 45 min before the movie started! So the manager tells us we can't even sit at one of the tables with the kids in a particularly rude manner, he tells us to bring them in the casino benches which of course the security pushes us back to the theater.  The manager was also quite rude about us asking questions.  Then the selection and organization of the snack area is lacking compared to other theaters. One kid wanted a regular soft pretzel, not bites.... No go! Then they had limited selection and it was awkward with the line where the cashier was. The positive was they did have a pretty healthy nut and fruit mix choice. Also the theater wasn't totally packed which is always nice to have some room with kids.
4	Every so often, the husband and I will watch a movie at this theater. Its really not bad. Our usual spot for movies is at the Red Rock. But when you are off on a Saturday or Sunday, you may want to think twice about catching a movie there. Crazy busy and too crowded!This place is much more peaceful. Its clean and never really crowded. The employees here must have the easiest job ever! Although some of them can be a little grumpy. The cashier didn't say "thank you" or anything to us after we paid for our popcorn and drinks. Also, their Icee machine never seems to work. :(If you sign up for Cinemark emails, they will send you weekly concession coupons. My first coupon was a free small popcorn with a purchase of any size fountain or frozen drink. It might not sound like much, but every little bit helps, right? I definitely wouldn't mind coming here more often!
4	In the last couple of weeks, I've been a movie watching madman.  Prior to that, I was averaging just one film every other month.  Heck, I don't even have movie channels at home and just recently bought a DVD player.  But I love movies and found it a great alternative to eating late on a weekend night.  Upon walking in, I noticed right away that their food/concessions is different than most.  Food, snacks, and drinks are set up cafeteria style with most foods ready under heat lamps.  This eliminates the long lines, potentially slow popcorn/soda artist, and that linger movie goer (i.e. that person that can't make up their mind when they're in line).  I'm the one that's purchasing just a bottle of water behind someone ordering 4 popcorn's, 4 sodas, 4 Junior Mints, and a pretzel.  At this theater, I no longer have to wait behind these peeps and I could head straight to the register.  Regarding the main reason for this review, the theater is clean and the seats are comfortable.  This theater has great sound, picture quality, and doesn't seem to get too busy.  Suncoast also features independent films and oldies but goodies (i.e. Top Gun, Ghost Busters, etc).  They are just missing the reclining seats.  But come to think of it, everyone else is missing those comfortable seats too.  Yes, Galaxy in Green Valley has spoiled me. But I will be back.  PS:  Located inside a casino, which means that you will have to walk through smoke. But once you're inside the theater, you can get some fresh, popcorn filled, air.
4	Decent theater, comfortable seating. One of the few places in Suncoast where you don't smell cigarette smoke.
1	Came here for an advanced movie screening a few months back and all I have to say is ehhh....All the employees I encountered were so rude and bored looking. Seriously they all were so lazy and non attentive! First there was the guy at the box office. He was sitting down and slowly and lazily walked over to help us with our tickets.. Then there were the two guys at the concession stand....so lazy and stupid. I had a question they should have been able to answer, forgot what it was, but they just shrugged their shoulders with no response and turned their backs to me and walked away to do nothing. everyone who was trying to purchase popcorn had to get the popcorn scoopers attention because he sure didnt offer to take any popcorn orders.Worst service at a century theater EVER.
4	Went here for an industry screening of a movie.  Pretty nice theater!  And an AWESOME bonus is they have kettle corn - TASTY kettle corn.Seats were comfortable but once you go to the Galaxy Luxury Theater it's hard to go to any other theater.All the way in the back of the casino FYI.  =)
3	The only reason this theater is getting 3 stars is because it's one of the two theaters in town that seems to be dedicated to showing art house movies and indie films (Regal Village Square being the other). For that reason, I probably attend screenings at this theater about 10 times a year. The theater itself is old and outdated. They have stadium seating but they have really old seats that don't recline. The screen is a decent size but the seats are placed way too close, forcing you to sit up in the stadium portion of the theater. This wouldn't be so bad except that this theater is SUPER POPULAR with senior citizens. Do everything in your power to AVOID senior days / nights here. Call ahead for the updated schedule.Seniors have a terrible habit of talking and chatting throughout entire films. I try to counter program and go to a movie as late as possible on a weeknight but even then my ears aren't safe. "What did she say, Harold?" "Huh, Margaret? I don't understand." "Did you see that actor? Isn't that George Clooney?" "Dear, she needs to wear longer pants!" Really, they always remind me of those old farts on the Muppets except these rude movie talkers aren't relegated to the balcony. The concessions here are a mess. Nobody ever seems to be working the counter. They do have Coke Zero but you have to ask an employee to fetch it for you from behind the counter -- and good luck finding anybody to work the concession stand! Several times I've had to just leave the money for my popcorn on the counter because nobody was there to take it! It's like this creepy ghost town at night I guess.To sum it up: go see art films, avoid senior night, and don't expect movie snacks.
3	Decent theater- way in the back of the casino, follow the signs to find it.Bathrooms are right by the box office, and they're modern and clean.Auditoriums are small, but I prefer it that way. Sound and video were perfect throughout our movie: Gravity 3D. Auditorium, halls, and bathrooms were super clean.Didn't see much staff aside from box office staff and the guy who took our tickets. This location was close to dead at 7PM on a Friday night, which is a huge plus- I may work with teenagers, but I have zero interest in hanging out with them in a social context when I'm off the clock. This is the perfect theater to avoid them.As for other reviews who reference a ton of seniors- senior day, per a sign at the box office, is now moved to Wednesday, as of 1/1/2014. I couldn't care less if the people in the auditorium with me are 8 or 80, as long as they're respectful, but you may want to take that into account- I assume they're likely a bit busier those days.
4	Back before Red Rock Casino opened, this was the best movie theater to go to.  Then Red Rock opened up and this place was forgotten by me.Until recently, we rediscovered this movie theater.  Same great place, same quality, good seats, BETTER POPCORN.  Less of a crowd.  This place still rocks!  I've taken my family here a few times since the beginning of the year.If you're in for a change, this place is it.  Their popcorn is MUCH better.  Less lines.  Better parking.  Don't discount this place because it's not the newest theater in town.
4	The suncoast is a great movie theater for 2 important reasons:1) the price is great.  Its even better on tuesdays where its $5 for any movie.2) they also show movies that are not named captain america and off the beaten path.  For example they had many of the nominated movies prior to oscar sunday...something thats very hard to find here in Vegas.The movie theatre is located in the Suncoast Casino so be prepared to walk through a cloud of smoke in the casino to reach the movie theatre.  It also would benefit from a renovation with newer/plusher seating and decor.  But I understand that better amenities = more expensive prices.  Another great feature is that its extremely easy to find a parking spot (versus red rock regal theatre).  No hassles, no frills, just a very solid theatre for locals!
4	Went here last night to watch Godzilla with my friends.  Service was quick and friendly, movie screen and sound system were great, and the facility was pretty clean.Like many of the theaters here in Vegas, you need to walk through a busy casino to get to your destination; however, once you get there, it's pretty stress free!4-stars for their great service and clean facility!
4	I could just copy and paste my review from the Century theater at the Santa Fe hotel. I assume these are all run by the same management company because they are all very similar. Fair prices, super clean, fresh smelling and surprisingly clean bathrooms. Great sound, and screen and it seems they take the time to align and focus the projectors on a regular basis as they are always at there best.I really enjoy the Century theaters. The only negative I have is you have to walk through part of the casino in the Suncaost and they don't seem able to manage the smoke, there is a visible haze and it's always stuffy and fowl. Once in the theater the air is fine though. If it does not matter go to the Santa Fe instead of the Suncoast to avoid the casino and the smoke. Also, you can park really close to the theater entrance at the Santa Fe, not so at the Suncoast.
4	I read a review on this theatre and I agree with two things....Prices are good and the popcorn is delicious when fresh...
1	The kids wanted to watch Disney's Million Dollar Arm and Suncoast was the closest to home playing it.  It had been a while since visiting Suncoast, and the stench of cigarette smoke when you walk into the casino reminded me why we prefer Red Rock. I walk up to the cashier and ask for 2 adults and 3 kids for the 2:10 showing of Million Dollar Arm.  We walk in and the ticket taker tells us we're in theater 8.Y'all should know that the children in our group were 5, 9, and 10 years old.  We stop by concessions and load up with hotdogs, popcorn, drinks, candy...  $60 worth of junk!!  We could barely carry everything but we found our way to theater 8.  Something was playing which we figured were trailers.  We found a seat and sat down.  To our horror, the characters on screen were cussing and making sexual motions.  The boys start giggling.  Wth?!?  Disney wouldn't show inappropriate trailers...would they?!?  I look down at the tickets and the lady sold me tickets to the 1:30 showing of Million Ways to Die - Rated R.  How can you even sell children tickets to a rated R movie?!?  I was annoyed and mentioned to the assistant manager what had happened.  I wasn't asking for anything free.  I just thought they should know that they might be selling rated R movie tickets to minors.  The asst manager giggles when I tell her what happened.  Really??  Then she offers to exchange the tickets.   I asked why?  I told her we would just walk into the right movie.  The theater was empty at 2pm.  As I left, the assistant manager was laughing with a co-worker about what had just happened.  Unbelievable.  The ticket mixup was a nuisance.  The response from management was ridiculous.
4	This theater often shows movies that other theaters will not. I was very interested in seeing a particular indie style movie that was originally listed as only limited theaters around the US and there were none mentioned in all of Nevada. BUT a friend of mine said she saw the movie I was looking for at the Suncoast. For me, the Suncoast is a drive. I live much closer to the Aliante. But, I made the drive the very next day and was able to see my movie. Service was quick and friendly, the movie was great, etc. I'm not sure how this theater usually is on a day to day basis but both times I was there, it wasn't very busy at all. No line, no one at the concession buying snacks, and the theater rooms only had a handful of people each time.
3	This a nice movie theater. They have kettle corn popcorn so this is the main reason I go here. The staff was playing on their iPhones when I approached the ticket counter, but I don't expect a lot when I go to a place like this that teenagers normally work.
2	Cramped seating is an understatement; either that, or I'm a double wide kind of guy!  The video quality was good, sound was good; seats were just too tight, no shoulder room.
5	Went to see the Song with my wife on our date night! Very clean theatre. We will be back
4	New promotions, Tuesday,  $4.00 before 6pm, use your B-Connected card, Wednesday is seniors day, and they have Military and student discounts as well. Popcorn is your regular movie house but they also offer kettle corn if you like it sweet. At this time they are offering a large drink cup, $7 you pay once and if you bring it upon return, it's $3.50 for the entire year. Now we just have to remember the darn thing!Seats are roomy if you put the arm rests up and first showing, no one there!
