4	Just had a mean latte from here real quick while eating my crepe from La Creperie (no seating)!  It's just a quick little express corner!  Thought it interesting that they carded me since they serve alcohol even if I just ordered a coffee, but the barista was a cool dude that kept good conversation.  The next morning was a little messy with two behind the counter and a big rush for this small station.  I understand as a past barista how hectic it can feel and get with such little wiggle space, so no biggie for me!
2	good for late night snack
1	Very slowwwww service! I ended uip leaving because the barista was so slow. I was the only person in line and waited 10 minutes before leaving because they wouldn't take my order.
2	AWFUL! For starters, the bread is horrible (and without enough butter), it took over 25 minutes for them to bring out a fish dish and a sandwich because "the fries were too greesy." -- WHAT?!?...
4	Perfect little spot for a coffee break. Yes it was pricey but the coffee was delicious (just a bit on the sweeter side tho) we ordered the caramel machaito and white chocolate latte both very good. i didn't have a problem with the service as other reviews.... they have plenty of tables and chairs all around. Cute atmosphere very romantic.
2	This kiosk is half coffee bar, half alcohol bar. You'd think when one side has no customers and the other has a line, that they'd help one another. Nope, bartender just stands around and barista fills each order herself before moving on to the next leading to an absurd wait.Pricing is not jacked up the way several casino coffee stands are, but product is just okay. Menu is small, barista looked at me blankly when I asked for an iced drink that wasn't just a simple iced coffee. If you can't figure out how to ice a latte, you are probably in the wrong line of work.Don't even get me started on their sandwiches, which seem to be made last week and dry as hell. The pesto on the chicken and pesto sandwich was more like green dust.
