3	2 out of 3 times, this isn't my magazine.  But then that 3rd time it is SO good, I wonder if I just missed something the other times.  I'm thinking it must just be hitting topics on those other times that I have no real interest in or something because I can never quite put my finger on what I don't like when it's not good, and when it is good, it's often the topics covered, and they way they are covered that gets me.  As of writing this the mag out at every Coffee shop and trendy bistro is about design.  I'm in love w/ the edition.  Love. Great in-depth articles with designers that are doing big things both locally and nationally.  A wonderful interview/review of the new Phx Art Museum (Lovingly referred to as PAM, which I'm sure will stick in some circles.)  But next month?  I may flip through it while sipping on my Chai, but I will most likely not even bother to take it home.  Who knows for sure.  Maybe it's the models who I often wish to either put in a drug treatment center, force feed cheeseburgers or look like they need therapy deeper than Dr. Phil can provide.  Maybe it's the fact that even their self description on their web site javamagaz.com uses the word "hip" far too often.  Anyone that obsessed with hip will just never be hip, and sometimes their trying, is just trying.
3	I've been here long enough to remember when this was an all black and white rag mostly about coffee and art (hence the title 'java').  It seemed quirkier and somewhat more interesting then, but over the years has changed to a glossier fashionista-scenester-hipster mag with the predictable self congratulatory club pix in the back.Ocassionally there are some interesting articles about architecture, vintage clothes, or area artists, but it's clear that this Java is more about fluff, impressing the scene, keeping it's advertisers, than it is much about substance.  And that is a little sad because it seems like there is potential for a much better mag here, perhaps with better writers and more in depth pieces.
2	This rag looks cool.  They review all the trendy-ass-kissing bands.  They have a great layout.  And they want so badly to be a mover and a shaker in the community.   So what's wrong?They (like a lot of publications) are entirely blinded by the bottom line (rather than readership), which is why you'll NEVER see them be even a little critical of ANY local business no matter how crappy they are.  Everything in this rag is GREAT and GROOVY and COOL.  All style.  Zero credibility.
4	Java is the 944 for the hipsters and wannabe hipsters of Central Phoenix.Dig it?  Maybe, maybe not.  Depends on the issue, the coverage and how many times I have to see the same DJs, artists, advertisers and the same lanky disheveled stoic Downtowners profiled.Other times I have found a perfect new gallery to fall in love with or read about the newest wine bar opening up the street.  Love it or not it this free monthly rag does a better job of covering Central Phoenix, Tempe and other hipster pockets than -- oh wait, zero, zilch, zippo.  Yes, no one else is covering it.
4	Art. Ideas. Taste. Phx Culture. I first saw this rag at The Roosevelt and knew immediately I needed to take it home with me. Not only that, I couldn't discard it once I looked through the articles and ads. It's fodder for me, for I often use different magazines and art pieces to jump-start my own creative thinking. And since I can do it with this rag, I know Java is cool. Plus, within its pages my interest was piqued about events and places around CenPho, including Carly's and Hidden House. Could it be better? Sure. Of course. But you can pretty much say that about anything, even well-known mags like Wired, Desert Living, and Phx New Times.Definitely worth perusing. The apperance may feel "garage produced," but I'd be surprised if you didn't read from front to back and not take away something new or cool.
5	I can't believe we get to review a free publication.  Nonetheless, it's important to know (especially for Dave B., who obviously didn't do his research) that this magazine is published by a gentleman who grew up here in the valley and wanted a way to promote all of the great, creative people and activities they are doing by making a free magazine.  He decided this 17 years ago, and, despite pretty much breaking even (it costs money to print and distribute thousands of magazines and no, the ads do not cover the full cost), continues doing so in the name of cultural awareness.  Notice that the photoshoots use local designers, local models, local photographers, and local locations.  The articles are about artwork currently displayed in local galleries, businesses (like restaurants) and bands that local folks have started on their own from meager means, and about up-and-coming events like the taco festival (started by a local), fashion shows (again, utilizing local designers and run by locals - no Dillard's show coverage here) and about people in the valley who are trying to make a difference in our community.  If the magazine doesn't seem critical enough, it's because the people who are the magazine decide what to write about, and therefore don't have to waste pages with hateful criticism when Java can be promoting a local chef or a cool new local jewelry designer.  When it's run by a local, written by locals, and put together in the publisher's dining room, I can't think of any magazine with MORE credibiilty and freedom.  The publisher and writers are meticulous in choosing to write about what moves them rather than what the latest hype is.  That's why you read a story about the man who purchased a building and was designing it into a venue before it was the Crescent Ballroom.  That's also why you'll read the backstory on five locally owned, little-known coffee houses at far ends of the valley.  The candid shots in the back are a tribute to local events the publisher attended but maybe an article hasn't been written about, or to local artists, designers or patrons of the arts.  While it's always interesting to hear what people think of Java, knowing what really goes on behind the scenes gives me nothing but respect for the handful of folks to who put their blood sweat and tears into creating this free publication each month.
