5	Without question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region. I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50. The 50%-off sales actually pay off here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!! i'm seriously serious, they are amazing). there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot. I have spent, cumulatively, probably  several weeks of my life in this store. This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
2	So I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca, and I will get to how I left empty handed and in tears.  First, I'll walk you through my experience.  This place is pretty large, and relatively clean, with a nice parking lot.  The racks are packed with clothes - and I mean, hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock, which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it.  I found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type (dress vs. blouse) there is NO size separation.  In a place this huge, it takes quite a long time to find what you're looking for without the size separation.  But, I'm not one to abandon a bargain because I don't want to look around (after all, that is what its all about), so I gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garments to try on.  (I would typically spend a few hours, but I was trying to spare a friend not as keen on secondhand garments).  With my carefully extracted finds I searched in vain for a fitting room, never to find one.  After asking the staff where it was, I had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM! I couldn't take this fact into my brain, and although there were some household items I wanted to go back and buy, I was too upset to continue.  (Sidenote: yes, I can understand how this can work for the RWB, but imho it is unforgivable, and I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when I couldn't even see if it would fit). I would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes, or older electronics, or even beauty products.  There was even a used Nikon SLR with a wide angle lens ($200 though)!  But if you plan on buying a sundress, and don't plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties, you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store, and you can't return or exchange your items, so you'd be out of luck and out of money.
5	Woo Hoo!  Dead Lady.This thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that I haven't been, and it is the best in the city.I would make a weekly trek to RWB, and would never be disappointed.  These were the days when you could find a vintage 50s something or other on the racks, before there was a "Vintage" section.  Still, recently, there is always a treasure to be had, especially in the housewares department.  The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  Whenever we'd have a particularly good day, my frends and I would joke..."dead lady."
5	I came here all the time while I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule.  It has a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mess up.1. It's well lit.  You can SEE the clothing, see whatever might be wrong with it, and make an honest assessment.  You're never surprised when you leave at the state of the items you've just bought.2. It is surprisingly clean.  Nothing seems to smell, so I can only imagine they've laundered everything thoroughly. 3. There are good quality brands--Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, etc.  It's mainly items along these lines.  You're more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here, which if you're over the age of 21 is a good thing.4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise.  These people *know* how to turn over their stock.  Because the place is never empty, and there are specials every day, the stock flips rapidly.  The merchandise is never the same week to week, so as I mentioned before, it's addictive.  You never know what you'll find.A summary of a few things I've bought here: a 6 dollar designer knit dress, a few silk twinsets ($2-$5), countless heels, two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens ($4-$8), a dressmaker's bust ($5), a pressure cooker ($7)....You get the picture.  The prices aren't rock bottom, but close enough, and the quality of the clothing will help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.Can't recommend it enough!
5	My very favorite store in the world!  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.I get 80% of my wardrobe from here - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home
5	Simply the best thrift store I've ever been to. Well worth the 3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.First, and foremost, EVERYTHING IS 1/2 off all of the time!Secondly, bring cash. They DO NOT accept credit cards.The store is full of wonderful pieces of clothing, all arranged by color and type (not by size, which is unfortunate). I found a wide selection of everything from casual pieces to high-end business attire to super-trendy teen clothing... what surprised me most about this store was the QUALITY of the clothing. Almost all of the pieces were flawless, a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that. Brand names were bountiful; Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Chico's, Jones New York, Ann Taylor, American Eagle, H&M. There were also some wonderful vintage pieces from the 80s, bright colors and crazy shoulder pads that would have made a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed!The clothing smells wonderful, not musty or dirty as in some thrift stores, and there was even a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in a special section.I went to Red White & Blue to find some business attire for my new job, and came home with two gorgeous, flawless statement blazers from Ann Taylor Loft and Banana Republic... for a total of $7!Come to this thrift store; it'll make all other shopping obsolete!
1	I cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable, and there are no fitting rooms!  One purchases clothes at their own risk!  What person would buy a suit under these conditions, hoping the pants will fit?  Unlike other stores, there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted, a rare cash only business.  To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50% off every day, how is that a sale?  It is bogus pricing.  Red White and Blue, uggh!
5	Ever shopped at a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels, some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!
5	First time i really took a moment to look for some stuff. It's always a Hit or miss, all the other thrift store I've visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuff there was a hellacious project but I bought a Steeler jersey for 2.50$, some polos and a cute outfit for a friends baby. 20$ before reduction and after 7.90$!! wohh!! That felt good!!
1	Love the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.
5	I love a deal, and this has been my favorite thrift store since I was a kid.  First, there is some sort of half-off deal every day.Second, the used book selection is pretty decent.  Yeah, there are a ton of self-help and Patterson mass markets that you have wade through, but T.C. Boyle for two bucks?  Yes, please.Third, the home goods.  I've gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only a couple dollars.  The art prints inside were hideous...but I threw those away, re-stained the frames to my liking, cut new mats, and inserting art quoted as $360 each to frame at a big chain fabric store for under $30.  Boom.Finally, there is a decent selection of lamp to re-wire, always lot of furniture, some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion, and lots of other wacky stuff that's just fun to sift through.CASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy, but that never bothers me.BONUS:  They pick up your donations for free from your porch.  http://www.pickupplease.org/  Super easy.
2	Prices not great for true thrifters. Staff completely useless. No dressing rooms. I simply have nothing to say about this place.
5	I love love LOVE this store. I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were a word. I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more. I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It's such a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. So the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags. I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags. Other days its half off blue, or green or red. I love to go on Saturdays!! This past week it was half off every tag except white. I found so many items for such a cheap price. $7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4. Have you ever find items for $1?? I have!!! I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less. Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7. I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5. I couldn't believe it. I was too excited.The clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing. I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples. I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue. There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big. Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price. Shopping here is a gold find!! My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is!! I'll probably never shop retail again!!REMINDER: CASH ONLY!!-But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee
4	Rating this store is tough because I want to give it a 5...I really do.Huge selection of clothing, housewares, electronics and furniture, but NO FITTING ROOMS!Yes, you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me?!?! It doesn't completely overshadow the fact that they have great items, but when 95% of what you offer is clothing, you've got to have a few rooms for people to try stuff on!The clothing is organized by style and color, not by size, so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.I asked a staff member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall, directly in front of the kitchen section. I was slightly confused for a minute and then realized that was my only option. I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters I could easily try on over my shirt. Now, the mirrors are directly side-by-side, so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes (so weird), you're going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you'll be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.A lady I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights (hey, those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now, anyway!) so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing (still weird).As annoyed as I was about the fitting room situation, I will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store. I just might have to wear some spandex.
4	I can't believe I've been here multiple times and haven't reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place.  It's a super thrift store if you will.No matter when I come here, I always find something.  It quite the experience.  I always make sure it's a day when I am off of work because I can literally spend hours here just looking.  It's a good thing that I do this, you can't just show up here and think that you will be able to gran an item and then leave.  Like a fellow reviewer said, there are not fitting rooms here, so be prepared to walk into someone trying on a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle.  Sometimes you just can't avoid this, I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.They have everything you can seem to desire here.  Clothing to electronics, furniture to bedding, books to movies.  EVERYTHING is under this roof.*Cash only, ATM on premise.
4	This thrift store is one of the best in Pittsburgh; it's huge and has a great selection of books, clothes and housewares.With that being said, there are a number of drawbacks to shopping here because of its popularity. It starts with the parking. There are a few spots in front of the store, with two "overflow" lots that quickly fill up. Getting out is a bear if you're heading back towards the city, like I usually am, because to pull up to the traffic light you have to go the wrong way through the very narrow parking area in front of the store. Crossing three lanes on 51 without the help of a traffic light just seems like a bad plan.Once inside the store, beware of other customers on the weekends. I've encountered aggressive shoppers on multiple occasions who are usually welding carts as weapons. Let's just say some shoppers think it's OK to block off entire aisles so they can peruse a section.Other notes: There are no fitting rooms. I sometimes try on clothes over the ones I'm wearing in front of a mirror, because hey, it's a thrift store.Also, they're cash only.Despite these setbacks, I find myself coming back every few months because I've found some really awesome things here, from dresses to plates. Just think of the trip as a little adventure.
3	nice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.
