4	We have only been there a few times but I have got to tell you, this is a pretty good mom and pops mexican food restaurant.  It is located where where the old Gin House used to be.  They have a good selection and pretty inexpensive prices.  Their food is really good!  I was pretty satisfied with their quality and mom and pop atmosphere.  Try it and you'll see that they are a GREAT alternative to Taco Hell down the street.
4	Went here on a whim with regular Friday lunch crew.  It did not disappoint despite it being able to be missed with the blink of an eye.Food was good portioned, priced EXTREMELY well and good.  I opted for a chorizo, egg and bean burrito and a soda.  $7 for lunch and I was full.  Chips/salsa at our table as well (free).  The burrito was amazingly good.  Every bite filled with exactly what I ordered (instead of 'zones' in the burrito like other places I've been -- gee, I must have hit the bean area now).Jim's burros was a great place for lunch and quaint.  Very small area for seating, but seemed to be mostly a take-out place.  I recommend eating there and enjoying the personality and chips/salsa.  Definitely recommend for those in The QC and those not.  I will return.
4	pretty good food, for a very cheap price better than rudys Mex. on ellsworth
5	What a great find hidden in a place where you would never expect it to be!  I love the beans and rice here so much.  Probably the best I have had of any Mexican food in Queen Creek.  The green chile is good too, not to hot, but spicy enough.  I am for sure going back to this place and trying more.  They serve breakfast all day, and it is homemade goodness style.  Pancakes, bacon, potatoes - anything you can image.  Great for the kids who hate Mexican food!  I can't believe it took me so long to try this (no kidding) hole in the wall place!  Can't wait to go back and try more on the menu.
4	Great little place. We'll definitely eat here again. Chips and salsa were great. Red enchilada sauce was tasty. Don't be misled by the lack off curb appeal here. Service was personal and friendly. Worth your time and money.
5	If you have ever lived in or traveled through a rural area, the number one rule for finding a good restaurant is to look for the parking lot that is full. Look for the parking lot that has the farmers trucks, the police cars or the fire trucks. When you find this place, you have found the best place in town. Don't worry when you drive by this place that it looks like a little SHACK!!  Because that is just what it is. A place so small and off to the side of the road that if you aren't looking for it, you would miss it. A place so small that if you do see it, you would never think to stop. But if you do venture to try this small shack of a restaurant, you are in for a treat. Jim's Burros offers a small menu of more typical burritos and tacos. They offer a limited breakfast menu, but offer it all day long. And have a daily .99 cent menu item. My favorite... Taco Tuesday... Ground beef tacos on hard shells. Six usually does the trick for me. But that still gets me out the door for less than $7.00. Jim's Burros provides a great food, at an exceptional prices. Most items run less than $6.00. Take Out takes less than 10 minutes. Call ahead and your food is usually ready by the time you get there... I live 5 minutes away and my order is always ready by the time I arrive. If you do Take Out, spend the extra couple of bucks and get a large side of salsa also. It saves well and is better than anything you will ever find in the store. Want a change, try the Chili Reno. A large green chili wrapped in egg and smothered in green chili sauce. This is not an appetizer, this baby is huge. Want a traditional breakfast? Pancakes are so huge that three are two large to for me to finish. Omelette's that are filling. And breakfast burritos that are huge. Again, all for less than about $5.00. Eat In, you get chips and salsa at the table while you wait. Just a perfect taste waiting for the meal. My only complaint.... They are not open on Sunday. This would be perfect for breakfast burrito take out on Sunday morning for Sunday football. If you make it to Queen Creek area, look for the small shack on the side of the road. They have added signs and store decorations to make it more visible. So don't be afraid. It might be a hole in the wall place, but you won't regret it...Remember, if you live in the community, always support your local places. Good restaurants that are just around the corner are few and far between.  So forget the chain places like Filberto's that seem to have popped up everywhere, support the local businesses!!!
4	Better than Filibertos but a little pricier
2	My family and I went to Jim's last night for the first time and I must say that  Jim did not set a great first impression. The service was not that good with only one person waiting on every table. The tortillas were very dry and the chips that were served with the meal were stale.
1	I would say with out a doubt this is the worst Mexican food I have ever had my family went there and the food was cold and hard
1	I truly do not like to write negative reviews, so avoid them. But in this case, there is no escape.  My husband's favorite food is Mexican, and he could not even finish his order.  I opted for two stars; he said to give Jims Burros half a star, so we compromised.To begin with, we were given a minimal amount of chips, about half a typical bowl.  Refills on soda cost 50-cents to $1.00, depending on the size of drink you ordered.  I got a chicken and mole burro, hubby had a red chili one.  Both arrived wrapped in a white flour tortilla on a white plate.  Nothing else -- nor garnish, no sauce. (See photo.) We found out later we could have ordered "enchilada style", but this was not on the lunch menu.  My husband, who is not a picky eater, could not finish his due to taste and texture.  He decided to try something else: a ground beef taco.  It came in a shell that looked like it had just been taken out of a pre-cooked, packaged box from the store.  When he picked it up to take a bite, grease streamed out the other end.
4	This place is amazing! My wife and I live in Las Vegas but went here with her family living in the San Tan Valley. Drove by this place a few times with her family and never really noticed, but we finally stopped in this time. Food was amazing, taste great, made fresh in the back, real good quality mexican food. Like the other reviews said, this place really is a little hole in the wall shack off the side of the road in farm land, but that's how you know it's good. From what I'm told, they just added that little covered outdoor area to sit at, and are now open on Sundays. If you live anywhere in Central Arizona you have to go try this place out! -1 star for the friendliness. The workers were a little reserved the whole time, the did freak out on me though for bringing in a QT drink even though it had like two ounces left. I understand the no outside drink policy, but I was going to order one anyway. Beside that, everything was great!
1	Not sure how this place stays in business maybe it's by  overcharging for their  food which was not really that good. My family and I went for dinner and ordered 6 99 cent burritos and a dinner plate.  It was all very plain not much taste and the enchilada and taco plate was so small it looked like a kid portion meal.  After we finished we went to pay and they charged us for the dinner burritos saying that's what we ordered which was untrue and the lady argued with me on what I ordered asthe waitress who actually took the order stood there and tried to say it was her mistake and the lady kept telling her to be quiet. So I will absolutely never go back. Be VERY specific when ordering if you dare eat here.
5	Kyle H's review below is spot-on. Jim's Burros is Queen Creek's best kept secret. Or maybe not so secret since it's busy most of the time.The food is always good. I love their enchiladas and chimichangas. I recently discovered their pancakes - best I've ever had. My favorite breakfast is a pancake (it's big) with a fresh egg on top. Fantastic. The biscuits and gravy plate is awesome too, but once I tasted the pancakes...Everyone is friendly at Jim's. It's a family business, and comfortably homey. It's not fancy, but it is clean and again, has great Mexican food (and pancakes).The prices are very low, and there are 99 cent specials during the week. My husband and I can eat a full meal for well under $10 (with tip).
2	My wife and came here to eat during my R&R from Afghanistan. I have got say I love Mexican food. What they served was........Blah. It seemed like the food items on our plates were all made fresh from the microwave. The food was chewy when it should not have been.
3	I finally stopped by this place after driving past in numerous times. I ordered a steak   burrito. It cost about $6.00. It wasn't to bad, I feel like though it needed some salt. I don't know if they forgot to put it on but it was kind of plain. Had it had a more flavor I would of given it 4 stars. I will try it again though as the prices are pretty fair.
5	This place is ridiculously awesome. We have been coming here for awhile and never had a bad meal or bad service. Cheaper than nasty chain mexican food, and 50x better tasting. If you are in the area you need to stop here. I recommend a few of the bean tostadas, they can't be beat!
1	This place is so run down. The service wasn't that great and waiting for a to go order was awkward (where do you stand?)! I wouldn't go back. There are far cleaner, faster, authentic mexican restaurants out there to frequent besides this place.
2	I love hole-in-the-wall type restaurants and was really hoping this was going to be n awesome hidden gem in queen creek. I liked their tortillas but, their food was just ok for me.
5	Best burrito shop in Santan and they are always friendly and willing to kick in some extra red sauce! They have really good breakfast burros and even better enchiladas! Give it a shot next time you are out in the area
3	I have been here a few times. So far the chimichonga is the best thing I have had there. The rice and beans were good, too. The inside is very small so you can't really bring a large group.
1	This is really hard for me. Really, really hard. I have been eating here since the place opened, have loved it. Recently, things have been changing. Ingredients, prices, items on the menu. Food has gotten bland, expensive, and on this last trip has made me sick for going on five days now. I do not believe that the kitchen staff is handling meats the correct way, thus giving me food poisoning. Jims, if you are reading this, STOP! You guys were AWESOME. Go back to quality ingredients not crap we can buy in the frozen section at Frys. Stop changing the menu. Stop increasing your prices while decreasing your costs by using cheap ingredients. Have some pride in your work again. Bacon is supposed to be crispy and fried, not limp and tasting like it came from a microwave. I will not even comment on the burrito that made me sick because it will just put me back in the bathroom. When something is good, don't change it. I cannot tell you I will be back here again, food poisoning is not something I an inclined to risk again. I would sure hate to see the place close down, but you make your other regulars sick, they likely won't be coming back either.
4	I was here two weeks ago. I ordered a red Chile burrito and a medium Pepsi. They gave me a large no charge and the burrito was huge with extra red sauce. I am very very picky with red chile as I believe my wife makes the best!!! I bit into it and the red chile was hot and fresh! It had a great flavor with just the right amount of meat. The meat fell apart in my mouth. I know the tortillas aren't homemade but I didn't expect that anyway. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Good job JIMS BURROS!
5	A friend of mine suggested we meet at Jim's Burros and have one of their Chile Rellenos (a la carte).  He told me they are some of the best he has eaten, and now I too am a fan of Jim's.  We arrived at 12:30 on a weekday, we were promptly greeted as we came in, and our server took our drink orders right away.  In moments, the drinks arrived along with a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa.  Service was extraordinary during our visit.  I would rate the chips and salsa as a 9 out of 10 - very tasty and on the hot side for the fresh salsa (red).  We placed our orders and the food arrived in about 15 minutes, fresh and hot.  The Chile Rellenos were excellent.  Much different than New Mexican style, but definitely excellent.  Unless you have a very large stomach, just order the Relleno a la carte.  It came with a giant flour tortilla with butter, too.  Prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely be back soon!  The only suggestion I would make it to pave the parking lot (I ride a motorcycle).
3	Not terrible just very bland food. No seasoning. My kids like it because there is absolutely no spices.
1	This is going to be a long review only because this has been the most upset I have been and disappointed in any food related business in a very long time...I ordered our food over the phone plenty of time before closing and our food was ready to be picked up in five minutes (7:35 pm) which is a half hour before closing. My husband went to pick our order up and brought it back home only to realize, after I looked in the bag, we were short one burrito. After further looking in the order and noticing our burritos were quite flat, they messed up one of our burritos which was to be a bean/cheese/ground beef with tomato/guacamole burrito which the lady repeated back to me twice and just to remind you, one burrito still short. I proceeded to call at 8:02 pm where, come to find out, was the owner that answered saying he was a different restaurant, said they were closed and proceeded to hang up on me. Infuriated, I called back again to hear ringing until, FINALLY, a girl answers and repeats a different restaurant name and says they're closed. I told her I understand that, but we didn't get all the food we paid for along with the wrong burrito. She then said they were closed and could do nothing for us until the next day! So, I went in the next day to talk to the manager or owner to get things cleared up which all I was asking for was the burrito to be taken off our card along with the added expenses to making a burrito we never received. The best the manager could do was reimburse the burrito and not make up for their mistake on giving the wrong burrito AND THEN they proceeded to tell me I would have to bring in the burrito from the day before to be reimbursed! I couldn't believe it!! Not only was our food given to us incorrectly, we were charged for food we never received, the cook lied about the burrito being correct in the bag, the OWNER hangs up on us without a resolution to the problem they created in the first place along with the manager not making up for their mistakes and still wanting to charge us!
4	This is a quintessential hole in the wall kind of burrito place and I love it! They are open early and late all week long and if you have a favorite burro they can make it. It is always fresh! Great place to grab something quick or sit down and enjoy it!
1	Very disappointed in the quality of this business. We used to recommend to everyone new coming to visit us in Queen Creek, but have to say we won't any more. From the service to the quality of the food preparation, everything that could've went wrong, DID! In order to come up with a resolution, we tried talking to the manager and she was unaccommodating which should definitely get no star at all.
1	If you like burdening staff by your presence, stale chips, dry chicken, cold rice and mildew flavored fountain drinks, then Jim's Burros is the place for you. Food used to be decent and now it's gross. If you plan to sit in the front patio area be sure to bring Raid spray to kill the spiders. I'm not sure this place will last in its current condition...
1	Buyer beware. Jims burritos has terrible service and inferior food. Despite calling and being told their closing time, they refused to serve us 45 min prior to closing. When telling a friend, he indicated we didn't miss anything. He indicated that their food got him sick about a month ago. Rudys in queen creek is stellar and way better. Go there instead to stay healthy and get good service.
1	Yuck!! If I wanted store bought Ortega taco shells I would have made my tacos at home. How can you advertise that you are a Mexican Food Restaurant and sell pre made taco shells. The beef was dry and nasty. The service was horrible. The server took my order and dropped off the food. I should have ordered from the outside window. I still gave her an undeserved tip. I will say that their breakfast burrito with chorizo is good. I will not be back.
3	The food was good! It's a hole-I'm-the-wall joint for sure, but I love Mexican food. I got the green beef burro, and I was pleased. Not over-the-top amazing, but worthy of testing.
