5	I was going to a shop that did custom stuff in addition to routine stuff.  Eventually he was making enough from custom work that he decided to stop the routine stuff, which left me out in the cold!  But he sent me to Ken at Desert Auto Works.  And I am soooooooooo glad he did.Ken is da' man!  He is honest, competent, and takes the time to explain what's going on with the vehicle.  Ken also doesn't just identify an assembly and replace it.  He finds the component of the assembly that is bad, and replaces only that, saving his customers a fortune!  Most recently I have been having an intermittent problem.  Ken has wired in some lights which will tell us where the fault is the next time it occurs.He is growing and has hired a few guys, but he seems to have chosen them carefully.  They appear to be honest and competent too.I will keep coming here for as long as he is doing this.
1	So, so, sad that Ken is never in the shop anymore. I hear he's in med school now? Things have definitely changed since he found something else to do. I used to go there for all my auto issues and always recommended this place to everyone. Now I regret it. I had an incident where I was quoted one price on an expensive fix. I got the money together and called Diego there. The price magically went up a few hundred dollars in the last month! Wow. Not cool. I'm going to start shopping around for a different place. They obviously don't need my business since they are overcharging everyone else. And yes, other people who went there as well warned me that they started overcharging there. :0(
2	Good: I've been going to Desert Auto Works for a number of years. Ken is amazing! The quality of his works, his welcoming personality, and his attention to detail are what set him apart from other shops for me. On more than one occasion he has gone above and beyond what I would have expected, and I will always trust his opinion as a master technician. Not once have I ever felt the need to ask him for a quote because I know his prices would be fair for parts and labor. He felt like family after only seeing him a few times.Bad: Unfortunately Ken is not spending time in the shop anymore. I can't fault him for this, as he is going to medical school and taking care of his family. My main issue is that the other technicians here are neither welcoming nor very trustworthy. I scheduled a week in advance for some common car maintenance. Upon arrival I was told that I can come back later to get it done because they don't have the supplies necessary. Seriously? That's why I called and scheduled an appointment in the first place. I asked for a quote at that point and was given a verbal "ballpark" figure that would be criminal if it were any higher.Other Thoughts: I hate to say it but I've scheduled elsewhere and probably wont be back with the way things are. People do business with the people they like and can trust. I've given this shop a number of chances since Ken hasn't been there, and this was the straw that broke the camel's back.
4	Like others here I lament the loss of Ken.  But I'll bet he'll be a good doctor.  I've known Diego a LONG time (working for Ken).  So I still come here.  The service I received today was prompt and friendly from both people I dealt with (including Diego).  I cannot say if I was overcharged.  It was expensive.  Checking online I see prices ranging from about what they charged me to about 1/2 of what they charged me.  I suspect many of the cheaper ones are "knock-offs", which I would not want.It will be sad if they have started the overcharging-mechanic game.  They were always honest and fair here.  If I find out otherwise I will amend this review and take away the stars.  I will pay close attention when I come back for a tune-up in 6 months or so.
5	These guys saved me big time.I broke down outside of Phoenix on my way home to LA.  they fixed my car in a timely fashion and worked with me when I could only pay half the total bill.  Thanks for your understanding Sergio, and thanks for fixing my car Diego.
