1	Horrible customer service, I do not recommend:-(
1	The launch of the iPhone 4S was a disaster at this location. When they ran out of phones I was first on the waiting list but then they gave mine away! Unbelievable! The actual workers are nice/helpful but are clearly being managed by some incompetent folks. Avoid this store.
1	Whenever I go into this place I feel like I'm at a dealership buying a car. They are very slow and you will not get anything done without spending at least an hour in there. I called prior to coming and I tried to make an appointment. The guy told me an appointment wasn't necessary and the hold time was only about 5 minutes. I left work on my break and 30 minutes later I was still waiting and I just ended up leaving. These guys need to have a sense of urgency at all. Do not go to this store.
5	I came in not too long ago. My thought process was "I just need a phone." The wait was typical for a busy store (which it was) the sales people were friendly with other guest from what I saw. It finally was my turn, the sales person asked me what he could help with and I stated, "I need a phone." So, he sold me a phone. There was nothing really fancy about my transaction. David was nice and wasn't pushy. I made all the decisions without being persuaded. I left for an hour while my information was being transferred from phone to phone. I came back, the tech Dave handed me my new IPhone with a smile on his face and shook my hand. I left a completely satisfied customer.
2	I have been in this store more times in the last 2 months than I like to admit . First I switched all my lines over from Verizon to Sprint for the 100.00 a month for up to 10 lines. I wont waste your time reading a big story , basically when you go in here the wait time is insane. Then when you purchase an item its like buying a used car they assume you are going to buy accessories and push the insurance on you . I went in yesterday to add another IPAD to my account. Usually I deal with one of the guys , but  I went in and of course had about a 45 minutes wait. Finally the girl calls my name and asked pretty much What did I want. I told her I wanted to add an IPAD she pulls up my account and then goes in the back to get the IPAD. 10 minutes goes by and I am still waiting for her to come back, I see the floor supervisor Zack and asked where she went . He said they are out of stock and she is calling around looking for another store who would send it to there store. First off why not just come out and tell me we are out of stock would you like me to check another store . Instead I sat there wondering where she went. Finally she comes out to tell me they did not have the IPAD. I told her forget it I will just call customer service to order one. Long behold I find out since the new Ipad came out there is a 1-4 week wait on it. However... I was able to find one at another store. I called and they had one, she held it for I drove  over and I was in and out in 20 minutes,
1	I had to update on my latest experience.  Back on Sept 20 I ordered an Iphone 6 plus 64gb. I have waited and waited for it since I needed it before I leave town . I called today  and had to try for 2 hours for someone to answer the phone, no joke no one picked up from 1:00pm till 3:00pm, finally David answered the phone. He checked and my phone actually came in, I told him I needed to simply do a return since I had to get a 16 gb because of the time crunch. He asked me when I would be able to come down I said tommorow because I have alot to do with getting ready to go out of town. He said great come in at 9am and ask for David, he seemed eager to help me. He then says, "You are adding another line right" I then said no, I am simply doing a return. Then he says oh a return well come in at 9:30 Alfonso should be in to help you with that. I could not bite my tongue on this , I said to him 'So because I am returning a device now I cant come in until 9:30, I will still be there at 9. Its funny how his attitude changed because he found out he wouldn't be getting commission on it.   I actually went in right after my phone call and of course waited for 45 minutes, I will say the girl who helped me I believe her name was Tatiana, she was very nice and helpful.
1	Horrible wait time. Waited almost an hr to get help. Just to make a payment! workers are super slow. Sprint service sucks and obviously the stores/workers also, exactly why we went to tmobile instead!
