3	Add one star for the following:  I got two free donuts here about six months ago.  It was late in the afternoon and I went in and ordered three, and the guy charged me for one.  When I asked him why, he said "Just because."  It was nice getting free donuts but a little weird at the same time.  Is this guy going to call on me for some kind of return favor in the future, and if so, what will he want? Other than that...it's a national donut chain that serves my highly occasional need for donuts, coffee, and/or breakfast sandwiches, and this particular location is good if you want any of those things.Big sign posted out front at this particular location:  Now open from 4AM to 10PM.
5	So why review a donut shop, I'm glad you ask. After a long night working until 2:00 AM we wake up and go to DD. Coffee and donuts outside on the front patio, the weather is like 75 and the view of Red Rock Mountains is stunning. If I lived here I would do this every day.
3	The firstntime I came here they did not put extra cream and sugar in my coffee as requested and my breakfast sandwhich sat and waited to be handed to me. They have since gotten theirnactntogether andnarenfar more organized. However for a coffeband doughnut shop that also happens to do a fast-food breakfast it is quite expensive.
2	Let me begin with a simple statement.  I am a Canadian, we know donuts, don't mess with me, I'm an expert.  Growing up in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, home of Tim Horton Donuts, the king of donuts, I know my stuff.Dunkin Donuts, who are you and why do you insist on using the word donuts in your name.  People from the east coast rave about DD coffee, honestly, it tastes like watered down poop, kaka, you get the picture.  The police would be offended by the irregular size of the DD donuts, not to mention that if they get any smaller, we Canadians would refer to them as timbidts.
3	I came here to try some bagels after my hiking at Red Rock Canyon.  I will edit my review after I've actually eaten one of them if it warrants an up or down change in stars.The man behind the counter was polite and quick to do my order.  He laughed when I pointed out that cinnamon raisin bagels aren't really bagels but merely dry doughnuts.  I have to find a nearby bagel shop that stocks salt bagels.This is an easy in and out for me and it's only about a mile from home.
3	I wanted to update my review.  The bagels I bought were OK, but when they come frozen to be baked locally, it's not a good sign. I won't be stopping for bagels.  If I go here, I'll go for what DD made their name for - the doughnuts!
3	So so. Not as good as the one I had in Chicago.
3	This location is very busy. It seems most every time I'm here (about once a week), they're out of everything we want to order. I love their iced tea, the donuts are just okay; I usually get a plain bagel with cream cheese - when they're not out of bagels. ha
2	It's hard to figure out what the point of Dunkin Donuts is.  I am a huge fan of coffee and Dunkin has some great COMMERCIALS about coffee, but their coffee is just plain plain plain.  They didn't have any dark roasted coffee or at least what I got was a light roast, so thumbs down on that one.The Donuts part is also just plain plain plain too.  I personally like the small family business donut shops.  No frills just donuts.So that's why this place is just A-OK.  Coffee is bleh, and Donuts and bleh... i would recommend dunking your donuts elsewhere.
4	This location can get very busy and at times they really need more help cause I don't think they have enough employees.  However, the entire staff is very friendly and helpful.  They work very hard and I just wish they had more help.Love love love the coffee. To me it tastes very smooth and has great balance. Love their sesame bagels, too! All in all a good value for your money!
1	almost out of munchkins?  wtf?  i drive 1200 miles for a dunkin donuts and they are almost out of munchkins and regular donuts for that matter!  wtf????  and it was 3pm!!!!!!!!!!!  OMG.
4	since i felt bad about my last review, i'll update it!  went back this trip, and after driving 1200 miles, it was worth it, lol.  finally had munchkins, and well stocked.  staff was super duper friendly.  also ordered a hot chocolate and coffee...both were yum!  so a thanks to this location for an improved experience!
4	Pre hike protein, I love donuts, do i eat donuts? Sadly no but this is an option for a quick breakfast sandwich without too much calorie consumption guilt.A combination of Egg, bacon, ham , sausage on various different breads are convenient, tasty and cheap. There are offers that include an adequate coffee , iced , hot , latte etc.Not fancy but after many years on the East coast I am happy to see the emergence of this brand out towards left coast.
4	AMERICA RUNS ON DUNKIN. I SIT IN DUNKIN   The Charleston at Desert Foothills Dunkin Donuts is an establishment that I patronize before a walk in the Red Rock Canyon area. For $4.31, a breakfast containing a medium coffee with light blueberry syrup and two equals with a toasted sesame bagel and cream cheese is currently my fuel and nutrition of choice before a long walk in Red Rock Canyon.   This Dunkin Donuts is a busy location where the lines move fast. From my experience here, it is a well-managed shop where the employees serve customers with urgency and have a good attitude. It seems that a majority of their business is to go (no drive-thru). I have had zero issues finding a table or bar seat. Although it is far less welcoming to hang out in a Dunkin Donuts than a Starbuck's, I have enjoyed my time eating breakfast here. Just like Starbuck's, they now offer complimentary WiFi. With the advent of technology, I enjoy eating breakfast while reading the online newspapers.  A major element in this Dunkin Donuts success is its location. It is located in the last shopping center off westbound Charleston Boulevard/ State Route 159 before Red Rock Canyon. There is also a Chevron in the parking lot, which creates a hyper convenient stop before Red Rock Canyon. The shopping center it is located in is also a shopping destination for the immediate community it is in. The upshot is that it is challenging to find a parking space near Dunkin Donuts. If you do not mind walking a short to moderate distance, this Dunkin Donuts is a worthwhile stop.  Sitting in Dunkin Donuts enjoying the most nutritious meal of the day is a part of my New York heritage. This Dunkin Donuts gives me no reason to break from this part of my New York heritage.
3	Dunkin Donuts is good for donuts, and I hear is quite legendary for coffee, which I can't review since I don't drink coffee.I had their $4 breakfast sandwich called "Big N' Toasted" which has eggs, bacon, cheese (but I ordered it without the cheese, and it's on a very buttered (almost too greasy) Texas toast slices.  It's a tasty sandwich that while eating it you know it's not good for you health wise, or rather, there are healthier alternatives I'm sure.The donuts are good, not outstanding to die for like some feel about certain donuts whether it's their competitor, "Krispy Kreme", "Rolling Pin", "Winchell's" or whichever... to me, a donut is a donut, so long as it's not stale, so I'm not a connoisseur of donuts (and don't like bagels much either)   I like the Boston Kreme chocolate covered one, as well as the apple fritter, each at around $1, which isn't bad.The service is organized, fast and friendly, and the parking is ample and easy, located in an outdoor shopping mall area.
4	I have to admit the coffee is pretty good. Coming from Portland I am most definitely a coffee snob. Is it coffee that is going to change your life? Probably not. Is it damn good and convenient? You better believe it, Buster.
4	As far as donut shops go this place is great...but likely only because I'm from the East coast and these are the ones we grew up with.  This place was jammin' at 9 AM.  Only in Summerlin do people put on their spandex biker shorts and pedal their road bikes to go eat a donut...classic! They did not have my favorite style, the toasted coconut. No worries though, they made one special for me. Now that's service!  I'm rarely near this exact location but when I am I will return for one, yes just one donut.
1	Coffee was good.  I had the vanilla creamed donut.  The "thimble" sized amount of cream officially made it a "cream donut" I suppose.  The stale tasting, dry as a bone, shell officially made it a donut.  Honestly, the continuous line in this joint is a true testament to Las Vegans' taste for lousy donuts.  I have yet to find a great donut place in Vegas. I  will continue my search.
3	I know everyone loves Dunkin Donuts coffee. But I actually hate it. I know that is a strong word, but it leaves the worst after taste in my mouth. And it also stinks that Dunkin donuts has now branched out their coffee to the airlines. YUCK--  No more coffee on the planes for me.I also think their donuts are just okay. They are not that special, just average. I think I will just stick with Winchell's, maybe it is a California thing.
1	Very disappointed with the vanilla frosted donut that I got today. Asked my son to pick one up for me since he was headed here anyway. I attached a photo of the poorest excuse for a frosted donut that I've ever seen. Such a let down. Not sure I will come to this location again anytime soon.
5	Love the staff, awesome people and always friendly, very clean restaurant and the coffee is always good
5	The only Dunkin Donuts on the West side. The place is pretty busy before 9am. The store is clean. The staff is very friendly. If they don't have the donuts you want already made, they will go in the back and make them for you. Butter nut donuts!!
4	5-star coffee + 3-star donuts = 4 stars overall.I like this location because it's on the way to Red Rock. What better way to fuel up for a relaxing trek through nature than with a hot cup of joe? Dunkin Donuts' coffee always has a perfect mix of cream and sugar and I love it when that little cup of heaven is in my car's beverage holder. It's like my personal java angel making sure I'm properly caffeinated for the drive. Unfortunately, their donuts are the opposite of their coffee: bland, mediocre, and disappointing. Glazed, blueberry, chocolate, Munchkins, etc.: no matter what I try, I'm never satisfied with their donuts. However, that hasn't stopped me from seeking out Dunkin Donuts whenever I'm in Las Vegas. My suggestion: grab a bite to eat elsewhere before stopping here for their magical coffee.
4	Needless to say, it's Dunkin Donuts???? who doesnt love Dunkin Donuts???
1	The management here needs to train staff better. Do you know what those tissues which you pick up donuts are for? These tissues are supposed to be kept wrapped around the pastry when it goes in the bag. Why? So it does not stick to the bag or other donuts, and also so you can eat it without getting your hands messy. So fucking obvious!Standard operating procedure at a normal DD, or any pastry shop, is to keep the pastry wrapped in the tissue. But what doe sthis DD location do? They pick up the donut from the tray with the tissue, then crumple it up and throw it out! WTF? This is the STUPIDEST thing I have ever seen in my life.Please stop being stupid.Otherwise it's ok, but coffee is not as good as you will find at DD on east coast because of the vegas water.
2	You would think that if your called Dunkin Donuts that you would at least get the donuts right.Arrived about 10:00 AM on a weekday. The donuts were not that smushie fresh that they should have been. No napkins out. Ask for some but they had still not filled them when we left 20 minutes later. One of the restrooms was out of order and from the look of the out of order sign on the door, it had been for quite a while. No drive thru. If I am going to partake of useless calories and carborhydrates, I at least want it enjoyable. They do have free WiFi.
2	Nice check-in offer for Yelpers.  I like their coffee, but breakfast wrap was just so-so.  Should have ordered a donut or kruller, something they've perfected.  Service was fine, but seating arrangements really weird.  They should take tips from Einstein's or Starbucks or at least figure out a feng shui solution and fix the way they have people queue up.  Also, nice shady patio seating on westside couldn't be used because they had some promo truck blocking the area.  WTH, on a sunny summer Saturday morning?
5	My husband & I LOVE this location.  Noe and his staff are awesome and so friendly!! They always remember our order and get us in and out!! I love their wake up wraps and black coffee! Their donuts are off the charts too!! They always come up with a new, different donut!  If you love great customer service and great coffee, this location is where you should visit!!!!
5	Love this chain but love this location more.  Ok, we all know Dunkin, especially if you are from the East Coast.  That being said, I'm constantly surprised at how many people in Vegas don't realize that the coffee here is amazing.  Always hot and sweet, I usually do ez sugar.  Another surprise?  The hash browns here are money!  This is not the spot for a healthy meal but if you need to start your day and are looking for comfort food, drop in.  If you are in the area, I recommend this location.  Staff has been nothing but friendly and fast.
4	This is the only Dunkin Donuts location that I've been to so far and overall I enjoy coming here! My roommate and I love to to visit for the .99 cent iced coffee yelp check in offer! We get soy milk which is a great option for many people. The .99 cent iced coffee is good but it honestly has tasted different each time I have ordered. The hash browns are a good deal! .80 cents for 6 of them! Worth a try. The donuts were delicious the one time I had them! They happened to bring out fresh ones of the flavors I wanted right before I ordered. I was lucky that time! Haha I'm sure I will keep coming back for now!I like how they have rewards now and an app to make it easy to pay for everything. They also have a free donut coupon when you fill out a survey :)
5	Seriously hooked on this place for the fact they have good tasting bavarian creme filled doughnut!!!! Yummy!!! My favorite doughnut which is dangerous, and they open early. Hit up this spot sometimes after the gym in the morning for easy breakfast.
2	I met some co-workers early in the morning for coffee, donuts and bagels prior to a work function. We arrived about 6:45 and waited in line briefly. That's about where the pleasant visit ended. My order was simple. Black dark roast coffee and and a plain bagel, toasted with butter. They didn't have any dark roast ready to go and had to brew some up after I ordered. How can a donut shop not have coffee ready to go at six forty-five in the morning?After a lengthy delay, the coffee was finally done. However, the bagel was not. Not only was the bagel not ready, they apparently had forgotten about it. After a quick, and less than complete toasting job, me and my bagel were on our way.I only stopped here because it was conveniently located on the way to the work function. That would be the only reason I would be back.
4	This DD is my little group's treat stop after our weekly "Doughnut Ride."  Great location for cyclists and hikers with its proximity to Red Rock Canyon and great prices for coffee, doughnuts, and "real food" (i.e., sandwiches, wraps).  I've never had a bad doughnut or muffin here and service is usually friendly and upbeat.  I don't know if it is possible for DD designers to revamp and re-do the interior, as it is a little drab and is inefficient; the queue takes up much of the square footage, leaving precious little seating.  However, there is ample seating outside with a great view of the Albertsons grocery store.  :)
3	It is what it is, no surprises here.The coffee outside of breed hot coffee is a bit o a roll of the dice.  It seems like everyone runs the register, makes the coffee drinks, and sells the donuts.  I think that's find, but I also feel like the quality of the coffee drinks varies considerably.For example, the pumpkin mocha, I had it 3 times and it tastes different every time.Dunkin' Donuts is what it is . . . a franchise that is very scripted.  That's not a bad thing, it just is what it is.
