1	I agree completely with the last review. RUDE and extremely unprofessional!!!!  I also ordered for an occasion and they assured me over the phone and by email my product would be ontime for my event, and of course it wasn't. I will never buy from them again. To bad this site makes you give a star because they do not deserve even one.
4	I've always had the best experience ordering from this site. It's shipped within an hour of ordering and arrives within 2 days. Refunds were given just 2 days after I sent it back (sent back because one size too small). I've ordered from here many times and will continue to do so.
2	My package was on time.The costume that I have ordered was cheap n of course in clearance so no return.not happy about them selling such a cheap outfit for $96.
1	I purchased by mistake 3 different orders all the same items due to Internet problems, never received packages. When I called Yandy they said just return 2 aNd keep the 1 and we will give you full refund for the other 2. One month later never received the 3 packages. They said the address was wrong, but how if I ordered before from them. They gave me a refund for all three but kept the shipping fee on all 3. I called and spoke to a supervisor she said its was not their fault so they kept the shipping. Will never order from them again...never. Not professional at all.
5	My 5 other girlfriends and I have been ordering from yandy for a long time and have been more then satisfied. We get sexy Vegas dresses, costumes and more.  The return process is super easy and we get our order extremely quickly. Don't know what everyone else's problem is you get more then what you pay for. Sizes run bit large, not for 100 lbs girls will be too big. Might be worth getting and altering though since it's so affordable.
4	I'm so sorry to see the negative reviews! However, I live in Arizona so my package arrived FAST! Yandy is amazing for go go dancer clothing, I love to get their mirco shorts, booty shorts, and panties. The material seems moderate quality to me, hasn't ripped or shrunk after wear/washes. It's a decent price compared to other suppliers. I personally know some staff and they all seemed pleasant to me and answer my questions/inquires right away, however I realize that could be because I know them! I'd recommend!
1	This company is a complete scam! Do not order from them! Their product quality is poor and they will not refund your shipping cost to return the item to them. A manager there by the name of Shannon claimed she would refund the shipping cost. After I paid to return it, she went back on her promise and I had to pay for shipping a product that was terrible to begin with. Please, please, please stick with reputable companies like Amazon or Zappos.
5	Yandy is a fabulous company for ordering lingerie.  I was extremely satisfied with all the products I ordered, their cost and how fast I received the shipment.  There was one item that did not meet my satisfaction and I contacted the company.  They responded in a matter of hours and the issue was resolved to my satisfaction immediately.  Going forward I will always order my products from this company.
5	YAY YANDY.COM I was shopping on the website for an outfit for a raveokay ONE the clearance section is really awesome! So many choices and not rejects. Actual cute outfits! I got two for only $21. Both almost double that before the price reductions. TWO it only took two days for my order to get to me. It was only supposed to take three but lucky me it got here a day early. And THREE while placing my order I accidentally used the wrong email which caused a lot of confusion and I ended up having to call into Yandy. Not only were they super duper nice, everything was handled so swiftly. It was the easiest time I had ever had calling into customer services. I downloaded the yelp app just so I could leave this review. I will definitely be an avid yandy shopper
