4	i've been enjoying the Kick Your Butt BBQ sauce for some time at Center Street Tavern so when i saw that they replaced the old Catawba Grill with their own bbq joint, i was excited to try it out. First off, it looks much nicer on the inside than the Grill with new hardwood looking floors, new ceiling, some paint, fresh booths. They did a decent job of transitioning the space to a more bbq joint appropriate feel.  You order from the counter and they bring it out, so you will encounter that awkward moment when signing your credit card slip immediately after ordering trying to predict if they are going to do something for you that deserves a tip in the near future. It's your call, but really all they do is drop off the food. Friendly folks though.  i went with the Porkasaurus and thought it was quite tasty. Ham, pepperjack, pulled pork and bacon on top. It was a good mix and a hearty portion of pork in this sandwich. i think i'm going to ask for pepperjack on my pulled porks from now on. It did come with one side and i went with the Brunswick Stew. I'm used to my stew being a little thicker, this was more like a soup. Not bad, just not what i expect out of Brunswick Stew. Wife got the side salad for her side and claimed it exceeded her expectations from a small restaurant where the side salad is normally just crappy lettuce. This salad had good lettuce, fresh tomatoes, and good croutons.  Expect to spend about $20 for two meals and two drinks. This can obviously vary drastically if you order a full slab of ribs or decided to leave a big tip.
5	Stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised,   I couldn't decide so I got the sampler and I am glad I did.  All of it was yummy.  Sauce was great and everything was cooked perfectly.  Ribs had plenty of tender meat on them,
4	Have gotten take out a couple of times since my first review and it is just as good as eating there and everyone is so nice.  It is now my favorite BBQ place in the area.
3	The meat and side were good, when I came they were out of everything I wanted.
4	Love the food and the girls at the counter are great. I knocked off a star because of the way they make you pile up at the counter and order and pay, then they drop off your food and are done with you, everything else is self-service. Everything is very clean and my wife said the ladies room was immaculate. It was warm and stuffy the night we were there, a fan could be nice. The pulled pork is my favorite and maybe the best in the area (and that includes the overhyped Mac's speed shop) tender moist perfectly flavored and award winning, they even have the awards on display. Fries were good and I liked the sausage. The 3 sauces on the table were all great and I kept going between them trying them all, my favorite was the Eastern Vinegar great balance. My wife had the Southern Philly and was not as impressed it was OK but not great, probably won't order that again. I have had their pulled pork several times now and definitely will have it again. Keep it up.
4	This was my second time here and I think they remember me for my earlier post. I tired the hot dog and wings and both were good, I would have liked the wings a little crisper but not a deal breaker. The thing that sets this place apart is customer service, my last post I said they didn't have all the things I wanted and the owner sent me a message apologizing for running out. Now I don't know about you but that took bullocks and that's why I'll go back.
4	I love the Grilled Cheese BBQ special, Yum!
4	Good food. Prices are a little high and the restaurant does not smell like the meat is smoked onsite. They have pretty limited hours. The people are very friendly !
5	I went to Belmont, NC for a family reunion visit of a niece at the local college. I bought the YELP deal for Ranucci's and my entire family is glad I did. Brother-in-Law and I picked up an assortment of goodies to take back to the hotel for lunch. There was nothing I would rate less than excellent. Truth be told however, I didn't get to taste the pulled chicken as it was devoured before I had a chance at it. Everyone loved the hush puppies, Brunswick stew, and wings. The Porkasaurus, Big Butt Burger and pulled pork were wonderful. All the sides were delicious. I'm looking forward to enjoying Ranucci's next spring when I return for her graduation.The servers were extremely friendly and helpful.
5	This place is really good. I had a combo plate with bbq pork/chicken and smoked sausages. the pork was by far my favorite but i still think about how good that sausage was. the chicken was good but I'm not a fan of chicken but it is still highly recommended. I cant recommend this place enough. Its cheap they give really big portions and it just has the feel of a great bbq place. Highly recommended!
5	I've had some good 'Q down here in the Lake Norman area, but Ranucci's really knows how to get it done. Don't let the name fool you...while it sounds like a swanky Italian joint it's actually a divey BBQ joint, and it serves up some really solid food. We made the trip out to Belmont to cash in our Living Social deal and chow down on some porky goodness.Ranucci's is in a slightly rundown part of town, and sure doesn't look like much from the outside. Stepping inside you find it a bit better, though still divey. There are a few tables and booths set up, so seating is limited. The menu has plenty of porky goodness on there, and there is a selection of sandwiches and platters to choose from. They also offer burgers and dogs, but I didn't come there for such basic fare. Also, they do have beer and wine but it's tucked away in a soda cooler, so you might miss it at first. There is counter service where you walk up and place your order, then sit down and wait for them to bring it over to you. The service speed is pretty quick and we had our BBQ meals in front of us in no time at all. I ordered the rib plate ($13.49) which came with a half rack of ribs and two sides. The ribs were great and definitely some of the best I've had down here. They were super tender and juicy, and they actually had a bit of crust on the edge that gave a bit of crunch to each bite. The sauce that was slathered on was thick and sweet, and not your vinegar-based Carolina sauce. They did have a bottle of that on the table and I gave it a whirl, but I wasn't a fan. I just don't like that bitter, watery vinegar sauce. They also had a bottle of hot BBQ sauce on the table, and I was surprised to find that I enjoyed it. Rather than being a "hot" BBQ sauce you could actually taste the peppers that the heat came from. I ended up enjoying it more than their regular sauce, which is rarely the case for me.The miss' went with the small pulled pork plate ($6.49) and came with a generous portion of pulled pork, four large hush puppies and the choice of one side. The amount of pulled pork that came with the small portion was ridiculous. Not only did we both eat it for dinner but we also stuffed ourselves with the leftovers at lunch. There is no way you should ever have to order the large portion unless you wanted leftovers for the next five days! The pork itself was really moist and had plenty of burned edges mixed in. Not only was the meat awesome, but the sides blew us away. One of the problems I've had down here was finding a place that had good sides, and the four we tried at Ranucci's were all awesome. The hush puppies were large and dense, and not super sweet like some other places do them. The mac & cheese was the best I've had down here. They use the large pasta shells so you get nice big bites, and the cheese was very flavorful. The baked beans were pretty good, though I would have liked to have seen some chunks of meat in them. The coleslaw was done very well. It had more of a mustardy bite than a sweet spot, and when mixed with the pulled pork it was a bite of heaven. Ranucci's has got it all. Cheap prices, large portions, fast service and TASTETACULAR BBQ all combine for one heck of a dinner. I've been to a couple of places in the area, and the food is as good as, and in some cases better, than the other stuff I've had. It's a bit of a drive but definitely worth it if you want to chew some good 'Q.
5	You guys.  You guys.  Listen.  You know how people always say that rando hole-in-the-wall places serve the best food?  Well, this is the epitome of that.  I have never in my life tasted ribs so meaty and delicious and tender and smoky and sweet and mouth watering.  I have been in search of good ribs for a long time, and the buck stops at this little tiny eeny weeny spot in Belmont.  And here's the best part - i didn't even order the ribs.  I got the kielbasa, which was also sodelicious.  New made up word, btw.  Huge portions, great prices, sticky tables.  Five thumbs up.Also, I've heard they have a sandwich called the "Porkasaurus", which sounds like a pig eater's dream.  Try this place if you ever find yourself in Belmont, you will not be sad, I promise.
2	Was not impressed.  Asked for a simple request on my order and was told "No" without a valid reason.   Won't be going back.
4	Delicious BBQ. Pulled pork plate was a great deal with hush puppies and slaw. Good sweet tea. A great find off 85 during a road trip. Would definitely come back if I pass through again. Thanks, Rannucis!
5	I wrote this awhile back and forgot to post it but here it is...So I had their special of the day today. It was the ultimate grilled cheese: served on toasted wheat bread, filled with American cheese, then topped with house made mac-n-cheese, caramelized onions and pulled pork. It was awesome!! The pork was so flavorful and juicy. ANd the variety of "cheeses" just made it that much better. It was so big (enough for two really) that I only ate half of my sandwich...I had the other half for luch the next day. ANd it was just as good then as it was the day before. Also I was to say that the employees (the two that I meet) were very friendly and I am happy that I took there recommendation and tried the special of the day! This place is one of the reasons why I love local, small town, "hole in the wall" type etablishments. They not only suprise you with the flavors that WOW you and make you want to return!-SK
5	Stellar 'Q, RIBS, SAUSAGE, slaw, hush puppies, tea. Delicious sauce(s).
5	Ordered the BBQ sandwich, fries, Pepsi: $7.99. Everything was outstanding!
5	I was about to give Ranucci's a 5-star, awesome review - BUT THEY ARE CLOSED. We went a few weeks ago and it was great, went back over the weekend, and.... closed! According to their website, they are focusing on catering now - so I guess I can recommend that! We'll just have to get a huge crowd together and order their amazing ribs and delicious pulled pork. We didn't try the new place - I think its called Catawba Avenue Grill.
1	So sad...it's no longer Ranuccis the name is Catawba.
