5	Teachers are great. School is pristine and proper. My sister is excelling in an already competitive class. She comes back from school with a smile and stories.The front desk is slightly rude, but maybe she was having a bad day the 3 different times I came. Everybody is fighting their own battles.I hope my sis continues having a great time. If not, i am sure to update this very soon.I don't remember the teacher, there is this younger teacher that always jokes around with me when I am trying to find my sister to pick her up. Funny guy.R\_
1	This review is based on how well the school prepared their past students for high school. My son just went to 8th grade there. It seemed like a majority of the kids started at a very young age and goes there through junior high. Saying this, the school has one method and one method of teaching which I would say is not good for the student. The students will struggle once they leave the school cause they only understand one method. My son was in the lowest pre-algebra class. He was struggling with the method because all the other kids grew up learning this method. The teacher Mr. Bitter even told our son that he shouldn't go into Algebra 1-2 in high school. Well he went into public high school and struggled a little but nothing a tutor couldn't help him with. He's now doing really well in Geometry. Another former student that was in the same grade as my son was in honor math. Anyways, they are now both in public school and the same Geometry class. My son is doing better than the junior high honor student. Also, another former junior high student from the school was a honor student and went to the same public high school. After two weeks of school she was failing classes and moved back to PVCP for high school. This shows that they did not prepare the kids for high school. My son is in honors Spanish 3-4 at the public school. He said that the 8th grade Spanish teacher was teaching the same thing as he is learning now in honors 3-4. This tells me the teacher doesn't know how to progress the students correctly. Don't just push them through a class but learn to teach. So overall, I feel that this school does NOT prepare the kids for high school or college correctly. It was a big mistake to send my kid there. Save your money and send them to public school. If your worried about Christian values then teach them at home. That's what parents are there for. It's not the schools responsibility to teach these values.
1	Not going to explain. Just don't waste your time.
4	Both of our sons went to PVCP since 1st grade. We found the teachers to be excellent. Our oldest son had a small class and was very well prepared for High School. Our youngest has some Mild ADD and a little different learning style. While  not all of the teachers were able to accommodate him most were more than willing to give him extra time and help with assignments. This school isn't for everyone, it is like a small town community, which we loved.
5	Fantastic school with excellent education standards and a great Administration that's responsive to  parents.
5	Wonderful caring community of teachers and administrators. My daughter is learning above her grade level and is making true and life long friends. We have been pleased with the ability for my daughter to get extra help if needed or to advance as needed. Small class sizes make for individual attention, the teachers are all truly invested in their students success. We would never send our daughter anywhere else.
5	school is almost over and last night when i went to our open house at school i realized how bless my kids are to be able to go there and what great teachers my kids have! This school is academically amazing (alex is 2 grades ahead, sara started the year struggling and now is getting a's and b's partly bc her teacher has given countless hours of her own time (free of charge) after school to work with her, & trey actually likes school!) This school doesn't just use the title "christian school" this school is just as serious about academics as growing the kids in their relationship with the Lord. I truly think this is a treasure and i would love to share the experience with all my friends. If you are thinking about a change for next year, go visit before schools out, you have to see the kids there with the teachers to experience God's presence in this school!! With 3 kids in this school all with different academic abilities and personalities this school has been a great fit for all of them. Academically kids are pushed. If your child needs extra help a tutor will meet with them, also teachers have homework help times after school to work with kids. If your chid is gifted they will be placed in honors classes and be expected to perform!  I have kids at both extremes and know this first hand. My only downfall with this school is that after school programs are limited in the early grades. However, the school is always open to suggestions and if parents have a desire to start something I know from experience the school makes the time and the space. I feel like at this school a lot of the kids go to club sports, private lessons, etc so the school has tried but many of these kids are already spread thin after school.  We have been there for several years and I know from reviewing the national testing that my kids do every year that all 3 kids are at or way above grade level (even my child that struggles.) Your child will be pushed but PVCC believes in their students and they will provide the means to build confidence in the kids and to help them be successful and to grow in their abilities so the kids can stand on their own to be successful in later academic endeavors.
5	I went to this school in the 80's and now my kids go there. Our family are huge fans of Mrs Temple and our teachers have been awesome! Best Christian school in Phx!
