5	This place must have been called Cigarillos at one point...but the owner calls it Cigar Inn.A husband and wife (Salma) run the store, and wonderfully at that.  Salma was just fabulous with her accent and upbeat attitude.Once she found out I was an artist, she showed me the multitudes of beautiful cigar boxes (some of them are extremely rare...and just gorgeous!) and let me tour the huge humidor.  I'm no afficionado in the least, but it was pretty impressive.There was a nice little smoking lounge that looked so comfy I was almost regretful that I didn't smoke.  Salma also tempted me pretty successfully into purchasing some beautiful and delightfully smelling diffusers.  She and her husband are just great, and I can't wait to visit again!
4	Good selection and as the previous reviewer wrote Salma the owner was great. Small smoking area with a tv, 6 chairs and plenty of reading material. Prices consistent with industry average. Will be back. Same owner as the Cigar Inn over by Camelback. Nice family owned businesses.
5	It's called the Cigar Inn. The owner Salma is the best, she is very knowledgeable and is extremely helpful. Cigar Inn has the best selection of Arturo Fuente cigars and other high end cigars. She has not given me a bad recommendation on a cigar yet.If you want great customer service and a place to make you feel welcome every time, you can't go wrong with Cigar Inn.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE!!! Sold me broken atomizer, went back 10 minutes later to exchange, and crabby, bitter, insane old lady first told me, what I was returning wasn't what she sold me, then she told me I broke it??!! This was impossible, as it never worked in first place, no way I could break what never worked. She knew nothing about the merchandise she sold, refused to exchange. this place won't be around much longer, as cigars are stale, they sell broken merchandise, and they have no class...1 star is way too much for this place.
1	Don't buy anything from here! Their cigars are dry. The " walk-in humidor" is sub par! I purchased a $35 dollar blazer torch lighter. After filling it with butane I discovered it had no spark, broken! I tried to return it six days latter with a receipt. The owners son became argumentative, loud, and rude. He said  they wouldn't return or replace it. No, and I mean NO customer service ! I wish I had read other reviews before buying anything from there. Seams like others had the same complaint. I'll be contacting the BBB and filling a complaint. Save your time and money, go to a real tobacco shop. Update: it's now closed.
