5	I needed a new battery for my car and got my last battery at the Auto Zone on 35th Avenue and Glendale, and had some credit from my old battery towards a new battery.   Well, I have moved, and went to this one, the closest to my house.  So glad, as the other Auto Zone had an armed guard at their store.  Scary neighborhood, an armed guard at an Auto Zone?   OMG.  Anyway, I digress.  So I had called earlier in the day, and talked to Jessie.  He told me that when i went in to get my new battery, he would replace my old one with my new one, just ask for him.  So I did.  And he did.  He had to take off a bar that was across the top of my battery as well, wasn't just a pull out the old one and drop in the new one either.  He was very friendly, helpful, even checked the codes on my car for me because my check engine light was on.  It is truly a pleasure to run across service like this.  You don't see it very often anymore, that's for sure.  If I need anything at all for my car, I will certainly go to this Auto Zone.  They have a great employee, and are lucky to have him.  Thanks, Jessie.   They have a customer for life!
5	Alright so when it comes to cars and anything with a mechanical motor its about 5th grade knowledge level for me.  So everytime I have something that goes clunk with my engine or car its always the first go to.  They do free diagnostics and are always willing to help whether it's replacing a battery or merely giving some sound advice before you hit up a mechanic with "duh, tell me whatever and I'll believe you" look.  Juan was great with advice and I appreciated his courtesy when I was explaing my dilemmia.  I went to this location in Mesa but I've been to any Autozone in the past and it's always been great service with good selection of moderate at home car repair.  I'm sure that one could accomplish more but for the less than average Joe and car's this place fits the bill for me!
5	I really appreciate their customer service. They are even helpful and patient right before closing time. The guy working there checked why my check-engine light came on and offered me great advice. I wouldn't shop anywhere else!
