1	My son's request for his birthday was "Old McDonald's"  so since my wife refuses I sucked it up and came here Saturday.  I am not a fan of McDonald's or a fan of what it represents, I have respect for Ray Krock but that is about it and I am not sure he would be proud of what he serves today either.  I hope the franchisee doesn't hate me for this review but since McDonald's targets kids with its toys (I know I used to love to go to this place too as a kid) then it gives me no choice but to speak the truth because I am a loyal Yelper that has kids.  My children of course ordered chicken nugget happy meals so they can get the stupid toy.  I made them get the apples and apple juice.  I had not been here in so many years that I noticed an Angus burger that was now on the menu and looked good in the picture.  Of course it was dry and bland, the fries here are always good but I have since learned that they are not exactly 100% potato so there you go.  I pretty much felt like crap when I left but I wanted to not keep my kids always wondering about this place with the desire to go inside.  Next time if he makes the request I will buy a slice of pizza from Barro's across the way and just eat that while my kids eat here.  Sorry McD's your food doesn't do it for me.
1	Only 2 things bring me to McDonald's, the coffee and.cheap desert. I do give credit for McDonald's on how they operate like a machine. They get you in and out, but unfortunately not this one. 10 minutes for a cup of coffee? Only 4 tables in the place and every single table got up to complain about their food quality, missing food etc. Where's management? Obviously they didnt graduates from hamburger u.
5	It's one of the few places in the area that is open late. Staff is the best I have ever seen at any McDonald's in my Life.....and I've traveled the country! One morning I ordered only a large water, expecting to pay 50 cents or something, and they gave it to me for free, large and filled with ice. In Arizona, you learn to appreciate that...
3	Mango Pineapple Smoothies - like crack... without the nasty side effects!!They forgot my straw - and 5 min wait to make a smoothie.... when I was the only one in drive-through? Booooo
1	Service sooooooo poor!!!! Stopped this morning, 6/25/13. Manager looked at me, and even didn't come to window!!!!! What time they open? 5 am? Well I was there 5:10!!!!!
3	I'm about a twice a year McDonalds guy.  I'll occasionally stop for coffee or an ice cream cone at the drive through but I rarely go inside.  The first Mickey D's urge of the year hit us this weekend and we decided to have lunch.I've been in this McDonalds a couple of times.  Honestly, it's one of the nicer ones around, probably anywhere. Very nice tables, nice stone flooring, great color scheme, you get the message.  My one complaint every time I'm here is that the drink/condiment area is an absolute disaster! Complete disgusting mess!  They do a pretty good job of keeping the tables bussed and clean but always forget about the condiment area.  The ketchup dispenser is either out of ketchup or such a mess that you don't want to use it and the little cups for the ketchup are either out or you have to dig them out of the holder with a tweezer.  One last request, any chance you could offer sweet and low for the ice tea? (It's the pink packet)I had the new grilled chicken bacon clubhouse sandwich. Honestly, it was terrific!  For once it actually looked exactly like the picture and was put together with some pride of ownership.  It was delicious! The fries were hot and fantastic which is good because they have a half life of about 19 seconds so I scarfed them as fast as I could.The counter staff was nice and we got our food relatively quickly, overall, a nice place to have a quick fast food lunch.
1	Came in at 6 am. Drove through the drive through first to even see if they were open. They were! I went inside and they said I was drunk and to get out, refused me service and were very rude. I had not been drinking, I am 19 years of age and was heading to work at Target with my uniform on. The manager with the tattoos on her arms said she would call the police if I ever came back because I was "crazy stupid for going through a drive through and deciding to come inside". I hope this place falls through just because of this incident. I called corp and let them know.
1	This one has never been the place to go if you want to experience good customer service, but its the closest to us and unfortunately the kids like it. But our trip yesterday but a end to it. We took the kids and after a painful ordering time with a very rude cashier we go to find a nice big hair in our cheeseburger (and defiantly wasn't one of ours) we took the uneaten cheeseburger to the manager which she didn't even apologize for it, in fact she didn't say anything until my husband ask if we can get the money back for the cheeseburger and she then said yes.
1	Drive up is fine but such a nice interior so little one wants to go inside alot. Ugh big mistake. no service, no Ice, no ketchup, carbonation/syrup combination is always screwed up, really nasty tables.  Folks have to clean their own table, I watched this as I waited for my food.  Too bad because you want to sit down and enjoy this location.  Last visit we quickly ate and instead of ordering dessert we left to eat at Dairy Queen.  quick in/out through drive through maybe but will never go back in. Management is never ever visible,  stuck in office it seems filling out crappie paperwork or playing Angry Birds.
2	Typical McDonald's food but manager was yelling at employees in front of customers. It was making everyone uncomfortable.
