5	A couple friends and I stopped in here on a Thursday evening after noticing the new sign (this place used to be Coronado Cafe). Anyone familiar with the Phoenix of late knows how charming these converted bungalows are, and Urban Vine is no exception. Walking up to the door is extra pleasant due to the pomegranate trees and fresh herbs planted along the path and on the front porch. We noticed fresh rosemary at the table, so I can only assume they use these fresh herbs in the kitchen as well. I love that. There's been a lot of remodeling since Coronado, but they did a great job and the inside looks really nice. They've gotten creative with the use of wine crates on the walls, local steampunk art (which is for sale), and Edison bulbs a-plenty. All that being said, the patio is AWESOME. I'm excited to come back and hang out on the patio, but this time we sat inside at the bar area. It was appropriately dim, and the only atmospheric complaint is that it was kind of hot so maybe a fan would help circulate air a bit.The wines and cocktail we tried were good. The wine list is short and well thought out, which I really appreciate because it lowers the risk of getting wine from a bottle that's been open too long. They also serve bottled beer at $4, and I spied a couple of draft While I can't vouch for the food, the menu did look great and much simpler than Coronado's (which was too lengthy in my opinion). We will definitely be back for food...soon. At the end of the night we got to chatting with the owner who seemed cool and down to earth. You can tell when a newly opened restaurant has the right intentions, and this one does. Bravo.
3	ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT!We decided to try the new place lured in by HH thru sunset. So let's  start there. The happy hour sucks. No food only wine and beer reduced to $5 which in the case of beer it is basically no discount. Regardless we decided to stay for dinner. The meat plate is ridiculously small and overpriced. But it comes with 2 small slices of burnt bread. The burger was great, the pork belly was an example of taking liberties with a dish which should just be served traditionally (as opposed to the spicy shredded meat that came to the table). Service definitely hit or miss.  I appreciated the true commitment to getting it right, but it should not come at the expense of being flustered and apologetic.  I think we will let things "mature" a bit before we give it another shot.
5	I'm late to add this review but my husband and I had dinner here last week and were very impressed. The staff was attentive and knowledgeable and the food was great! We ordered most of menu and were impressed with almost all of it. My favorite was the chicken with the mushroom risotto which I believe was a special. I could eat this dish everyday! YUM! We live in the Coronado neighborhood and plan to frequent this new establishment :)
5	Saturday was our first visit to Urban Vine and we will be back.  My wife and I are both in the hospitality industry so we always notice the details.  Urban Vine offers a very comfortable and welcoming place to sip and savor.  The service was friendly and attentive by Christine.  The happy Hour to sunset is the best in the city, the tastiest salmon, pork, and chicken tacos you will ever eat!  If you live in the neighborhood, this will be a spot to frequent.  It is easy to see the owners of this establishment are striving for customer satisfaction and will offer a unique creative touch in the years to come.
5	I rarely do yelp reviews, but I couldn't pass up saying something about this gem.  I live in the neighborhood and had dinner with friends here last night.  Absolutely loved the comfortable, homey atmosphere, and the service was personal and great.  Most importantly, my burger was cooked TO PERFECTION, which can be nearly impossible to find.  The happy hour $2 tacos were excellent, as were the $3 happy hour drafts.  These guys have tons of ideas about making this little bungalow restaurant even better, and I'm excited to see it develop, but we loved it already and plan to come back over and over.
4	The food was good and the atmosphere was nice as well. Feels like a wine bar more than a restaurant. Our server was a little scatterbrained but she made up for it with being very personable and even sitting down go chat.The scallop cevice was really good but it lacked enough bread for vessels. we also had the cheese plate which also lacked some sort of vessel as it was literally a plate of cheese until we payed extra for some bread. The appetizers really need more bread or some chips or something.the entrees were pretty fantastic. Someone below said they took "liberties" with the pork but I thought it was fantastic. If you want the classic take on classic dishes don't come here cause the food is adventurous and tasty. It was a bit pricey when all was said and done but if you want a low key dinner with quality food and decent portions and good atmosphere definitely try it out! Just be sure to pay for some extra bread....
4	I note this review is based on only one lunch visit.This restaurant is an older small converted cape cod type of home that's adorned with lovely pomegranate trees by the entrance. Our server lets us pick our seat pours us water and offers many embellishments for the water. He seemed very professional.I wasn't planing on tacos since I go to taco places for tacos but the special of Fish Tacos seemed most suited for me of the menu choices so I ordered them. They did take a while to prepare. I didn't time them but my husband said it was 25 minutes. I received three small double shelled street size tacos. They really didn't look so special but when I tasted them I found them wildly flavorful and similar tasting to the genuine Jalisco Tacos I had in Mexico. The tacos had perfect amount of heat for my taste. I liked what I think might have been a white corn flour blend tortillas they were on. They seemed better than average and I noticed that they were seasoned. I never noticed anyone seasoning double stacked tortillas before.My husband was torn between a hamburger and the pork chili verde. I was hoping he'd go with the hamburger because it came with a side of the day of whimsical sounding watermelon and cheese curls. He went with the pork chili verde and said it was good. His plate came with what seemed like fresh baked flat bread.The food was prepared well. Portions were on the small side but I note we had enough food. Pricing for the tacos ran slightly higher than other places I've been too  for the tacos ($12.) but they were very tasty so that's OK.
5	First visit, but we were pretty impressed.  We were instantly greeted at the door, and allowed to pick our place to sit.  The service was top notch, the atmosphere is simple and charming.  The beer and wine list is short but not disappointing.  As for the food, the 24 hour pork belly is my new instant favorite;  it's a little spicy, but in a very good way. I only wish I would have had another piece of bread to finish mopping up my plate.  The crab cakes are good too, but I think there more exciting things on the menu to try.  We we watched in anticipation what the tables around us ordered and have already anticipated our next visit.  Nice work MOD!  We're glad you chose this spot in Phoenix.
5	Awesome atmosphere and great food.   Enjoyed the daily special and the look and feel of the casual atmosphere.  Not far from downtown phoenix and parking was no issue.  A great addition to the downtown restaurant options for me
2	I somehow only made it to Coronado Cafe once before they closed, and it was a great experience.  So I was naturally excited to see the transformation into Urban Vine.  Unfortunately, I wish it hadn't changed.  I see and admire what the place is going for, but it seems they've tried too hard.  Simple lunch foods were fancied up too much.  The burger was just okay, and the chicken sandwich didn't taste like any other chicken sandwich I've had before.  Boo.  Both came with chips that were so heavy on the salt and vinegar that we couldn't eat them.  A fresh selection of things to add to your water was fun.  Lastly, the table was as crowded as the menu, and simply wasn't comfortable.  Here's the thing - a simple old house with a simple old menu would have the chance to be very successful here.  If that happens, I'll be excited to return.
4	I noticed a different name at the old Coronado Cafe while driving by, so I decided to try the new establish for lunch.I had the salad with beets and goat cheese.  I don't remember seeing it on the menu description, but I am pretty sure there was eggplant in there, too.  The curried eggplant is a nice seasonal touch.  Personally I would have preferred the beets plain, not curried.  I think the natural sweetness of the beets would have complemented the other ingredients, but instead the seasoning detracted from it.Really like the decor with wine bottles, but where I was sitting my elbow kept hitting bottles.  I am an average-sized American, so it would be difficult for big men to feel comfortable here, I imagine.  Then again, it is a renovated bungalow, so if you want quaint and intimate, this is the place.Like the option of rosemary for the water, too.  Overall a good experience.  They may be trying too hard in some areas or still working out little details, not sure.  Looking forward to going back.
3	2.5 Stars..First time here and the visit was unintended (The Main Ingredient was closed for summer vacation).  The good:  Immediately greeted with a smile, immediately seated, and immediately given water, even though it was fairy crowded/steady.  Server was knowledgeable and friendly. The ambience was nice.  The right amount of dark, with candlelit tables, and appropriate volume / style of music.  I ordered the Rocket Salad and it was great. The beets and warm goat cheese were a great punch of flavor.  I also ordered a tequila based/pepper infused cocktail that came nice and icy, in a martini glass.  TastyThe not so good:  My girlfriend ordered the Shaken Wedge salad.. However, they were out of blue cheese.   I just can't grasp those sorts of things. Its like peanut butter without the jelly.  We also ordered the cheese plate.  It was $13 (see photo).  It came with two very small pieces of bread.  For the price, i felt there should be more bread and/or more cheese.  (Tasty as it was).  Two salads, one cheese plate, two cocktails = $65 out the door.  For that price point, my expectations are higher than what was delivered. Not bad. Not great.  Hence 2.5 out of 5 stars.
5	OMG! I had the special of scallops with orzo.  It was so delicious!  The service was superb, a friend ordered a steak-rare.  She pointed out to the waiter that it was a little over done, but she was ok with it.  The waiter came back and said the chef insisted that he would make her another dinner.  My friend said it wasn't necessary, waiter told her that the chef insisted.  I was impressed.  The old house had its classic quaint atmosphere, small rooms with small tables.  It was a very nice atmosphere.  It was a bit more expensive than I planned to pay, but it was well worth it. I would go again in a heart beat!
5	My husband and I went in Saturday night for a date night and had a great experience. The server was so nice and made great recommendations. We started with the crab cake - it was so good that I wanted another, I had the chicken sandwich, which was recommended in Phoenix Magazine. My husband had the TBone special and then we split the Heath bar Bread pudding. Everything we had was DELICIOUS! I also recommend the Shanty cocktail - citrus vodka, basil infused simple syrup, with mint, lime and topped with Lagunitas IPA. Our server recommended it and she was right. It's my new favorite. I also love that they have happy hour until the sun sets. Can't wait until the patio opens. Looking forward to going back. Thanks for a great date night!!!
4	The house is so charming and intimate with small rooms. We started with the tacos. They were so good we are going back and get plates  of them . There are few and far between that I consider so good I would drive anywhere in Phoenix. Crab cakes are everything we read about. Just enough to hold them together all you tasted was crab. The pork dish was very good too, but I was thinking about those tacos. We also ordered the salad with the beets, bacon and goat cheese tossed with greens. The dressing was very good but I would leave the beets off the plates. They were in a curry and they were too busy  with the salad. Lastly came the chocolate cake. It was very tasty but it was very cold and should have been taken out and let it get to room temp. before serving.Also I was happy to see they serve two types of iced tea. One was plain black which every restaurant should have . No one gets it that those teas made with fruit alters your tastebuds and fights the foods flavors. All in all we are going back and very soon!
5	Delicious. I've been here there times now, not just because it is very close, but because it is tasty!!!
2	Disappointing experience...twice!  The first time we stopped in several months ago they were closed even though their website, social media, Yelp listing etc. said they should be open.  We came back again this weekend and ordered drinks at the bar.  My wine was served in a cup instead of a wine glass...even though they had wine glasses hanging over my head - not sure why?  The bartender could have cared less that we were there and slammed my drink down on the bar.  The restaurant has a really cozy, shabby chic feel that I like, but the menu appears quite limited.  I didn't quite understand why there were so many daily specials written on a chalkboard instead of including some of them in the menu.  The daily specials just said scallops, halibut etc. with no description of how they are prepared and what they are served with...let alone no prices listed either.
3	Really wanted to love it, but just couldn't get there. The Kobe burger was pretty good, but the sloppy joe was just awful and the black bean hummus (that was $10) was very meh. Just want to add, that the sloppy joe is not even in the same universe of what you would expect. It looked/tasted nothing like a sloppy joe, and was about as bland as could be. The service was great, and we had a great time, but will only be back for drinks and will make sure to eat beforehand.
5	Oh, Urban Vince... I think I'm in LOVE with you.  It's quaint, it's sweet, the flavors are robust and interesting- it's everything you need in a neighborhood restaurant. The outdoor patio is ready for some visitors, let's hope it cools down soon. I enjoyed my New York strip. Maybe too much since I had planned on eating half and taking the rest home. Nope.  I ended up eating it all. I was able to try many other meals too (the joy of dining with friends!). The pasta dish was savory, I could eat an entire plate of the cabbage, rice noodle side- it was truly divine. The cakes were cooked perfectly. Dessert usually isn't my thing but I was impressed with the cobbler, and cobbler never impresses me. The ambiance is really quaint, like you are at home and comfortable. You can tell a lot of thought went into design and decor. The tin ceiling, the light fixtures and wall decor are all visually appealing and kitschy. I'm going back without a doubt. See ya there! Cheers.
5	Awesome new spot in central Phoenix! Great wine and beer offerings and some cool cocktails. I split the Shaken Wedge and Mole scented pork belly with my friend and it was very flavorful!  A great value for the food you revive vs the cost!!
5	Great cheese selection and prices are very reasonable. We will for sure come back for more bites.
4	Very nice place. Food was good. I got the Grilled 8 oz Wagyu / Kobe Burger it was good a little messy but good. If I could add something it would be to have side options. Fries would have been nice. Still try it out! It is super cute and has a friendly environment.
5	Phoenix Magazine ranked this as one of the five best new restaurants here this year.  Not much else to add -- but here goes!  Warmth, charm, gentility, and just enough quirk to make anybody feel very branche!  And Michael O'Dowd's kitchen?  Stunning in every way.  I had superlative, fresh off the tree Yuma dates slathered with goat cheese and all sorts of other brilliant, subtle additions as a starter.  My main was his transcendent pork belly, my other companions had a heavenly crab cake (WHERE did he source crab so fresh here??), and my third friend had a stupendous, sweet ribeye with the BEST mushroom risotto I have ever tasted.  Did a cheese assortment for dessert instead of something sweet, and WOW WOW WOW.  I will be living in this delectable little charmer.  Go immediately!
5	My wife had the 24-pork belly and I had the Kobe burger, both were excellent!!  Friendly staff and great atmosphere, we would highly recommend Urban Vine!On the initial review I forgot to add our appetizer (so I'm adding it now), the beer cheese float...just like the rest of our food...outstanding!!!!
5	My husband and I ate a Saturday lunch here and left with lots of warm fuzzy feelings.   He had the meatloaf sandwich that is spicy and full of flavor.  If you don't like spicy, don't order it.  We on the other hand will order it over and over again.  I had the sloppy joe lean which as was delicious.   The daily sides were not listed on menu but certainly complemented the food.  We had watermelon and Fritos.   The watermelon cut the spice of both main courses.   This place is a great addition to the Valley dining scene.
5	We loved Renegade by MOD and visited many times, so we were eager to check this place out. Funnily enough, my wife had booked the rez and I didn't realize this was the new MOD restaurant, but I knew the moment I had a bite of the delicious Yuma Date Meatloaf. The very creative blend of ingredients recalled some of the creative flair from Renegade, with the local ingredients and little touches that exemplify attention to detail. All-around, our apps, entress and drinks were all great.I would say that the service could be a little better, but I chalk it up to new-ness. Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly, but we had a super-long wait for our appetizers to come out, and then our entrees were out before our apps were done and our check not long afterward. We might have had a second drink had we been asked. Hopefully the kitchen and wait staff will gel in time.If you're a foodie or just want to have a good time (as with Renegade, I think this would be a great first-date spot... if conversation gets slow you can always talk about the food), you really need to try Urban Vine.
5	We really had a great time here this week. Mo was so very wonderful and that helped...my husband and I were out without our son on a date...and that helps...BUT, let's start with DRINKS! So yummy!I had this amazing cocktail with IPA beer in it and it was GREAT. The prices were reasonable (all less than 10.00) and the drink was strong enough to make me smile all through the most amazing food!We didn't get a side, and I am not sure if we would have...the tapa plates were a tad more expensive than I had hoped for, but they were yummy.  I highly suggest this...in an area where there is a lot of competition this will definitely stand out.
4	This is such a cozy and quaint place! The food is excellent. I had the mussels, and, as a mussels snob, I must say the white wine broth was fantastic. So was the grilled bread that came with it--however, half a slice was not quite enough and I had to order more. A nice touch: the choices to flavor the water (rosemary, orange, lemon, and lime). When the wine we ordered came in water glasses, though, our party of four rebelled: not trendy, but simply inelegant. We asked for wine glasses, which were promptly delivered. The reason I deducted one star is the time it took to prepare our bread pudding dessert: when it had not arrived at our table 25 minutes after ordering, we had to ask to have it boxed since we needed to catch a show. At a weeknight and only two dessert choices, it should not take that long to prepare. Overall, we loved the service and ambiance, and we will be back.
5	I had always wanted to make it to Kai, but never made it in. When we heard chef Michael O'Dowd had left, it sort of lost its appeal. So I was very excited to read Howard Seftel's article about Urban Vine, and we called immediately. Unfortunately we couldn't get an early reservation but were told there was some space at the bar. Sold! We went into Urban Vine, and had a real treat- chef O'Dowd was sitting and working at the bar next to us. We had a lovely conversation and he told us all about the restaurant remodel and the projects he has been working on (won't spoil the surprise). We had so much fun talking with him.Urban Vine has had quite the redo since it was coranado cafe. The ceiling tin tiles were reclaimed from a building in CO, etc. Art is on display from local artists.Upon Chef's recommendation we got the seafood in a bag chowder, which was delicious. We ordered quite a few dishes so that we could sample more of the menu. First up was the charcuterie- mainly from schreiner's - which was delicious. We ordered a Caesar salad (basic, I know) and it was also perfect. From there we had the seafood chowder, cheeseburger, bacon and maple covered dates and pork belly macaroni and cheese. Loved how several of the dishes were served in skillets.Unfortunately, we couldn't stay for dinner, but will be back soon to tryout one of his superb creations!Highly recommend and taking the time to enjoy the live music.
3	I had dinner with five other friends at Urban Vine last night. The food was good but the service was really slow. It took almost 40 minutes to get our appetisers which were just cold cut and global cheese and sourdough bread. The server felt bad and comp us a few drinks and desserts. Overall, the food was good but the kitchen needs to pick up the speed.
1	My friend and I both ordered the "shaken cobb." Unfortunately, it was a bit silly. The salad came out in a ball jar. The chef came out and shook it. It was very small for a $10 salad and the dressing was so runny. Not much flavor. We left hungry.
5	Great vibe and food. Cozy. All local produce.Ordered the ceaser salad, tomatoe bisque, and olives. Delicious ona colder Phoenix evening.Friend ordered the kobe burger. Mouth watering!Definitely will be back!
