5	I was looking for a sports bar with a friend to catch Game 6 of Habs vs. New York Rangers. This bar stood out to us immediately due to its humongous screen. It was so large that no matter where you sat, you'd be able to see clearly what was going on in the game. We sat in the third row (the tables and chairs were lined up side-by-side in rows, and with black walls, the mood was like that of a mini cinema). Those at the bartender's counter, facing away from the screen, could still catch the game with the smaller TV screens that were placed above the alcoholic beverage shelves. Credits for the humongous screen! It's one thing to watch a game in public, but another to view it in a bar cinema-style.I ordered two pints of Stella Artois beer. Can never go wrong with Stella Artois! The waitress was attentive (but granted, during my four years in Montreal, any waitress I saw at a pub or bar had been attentive). I didn't order any bar food. No need to since I mainly went there to catch the game. They impressed me though with how they prepared the tables for the crowd of hockey fans they were expecting. My friend and I came early to grab a couple of the best seats, and on all the tables, occupied or not, there were cups filled to the rim with peanuts and spare cups to receive the peanut shells. However, silly me, I didn't see the spare cup to put my peanuts shells in and I just left them on the table. A man who I thought was just passing by came to our table to scoop up the mess of shells I created (my friend thinks he's the owner). Very nice of him! After that incident, I took a mental note to put every peanut shell in the spare cup. They should lower the music though. It's not a nightclub, it's a bar, and, for the love of peanuts, it's loud enough already with hockey fans yelling passionately!  I appreciate that they keep their washrooms clean and have working toilets. Ah yes! The staff here has a good sense of humor! They duct taped a Rangers jersey onto the floor in the doorway!Actually, you know what? I'll let the music thing slide. I really enjoyed every minute! Nothing really upset me when I was there. Here you go, five stars! P.S. Did I mention that you can gamble here? There's a little casino in the back (not kidding).
5	Superbe endroit! Service parfait, cadre enchanteur! J'adore!
4	I went there last night, cruising around on Parc looking for a place to get a quick pint. I was happy to discover this place! The inside was nice with couches and candles. Pool table. TVS all around, I noticed the terrasse had neon lights too great for summer time will probably go back then. overall fun time!
