3	I really want to like the International Eatery,  they have a lot of menu options and the employees are all super friendly and it is overall a very nice looking restaurant.  I have yet to be blown away by anything on the menu  however.  The food here is all palatable,  but I have not stumbled upon anything phenomenal.  I have tried the burger, wings, hotdog, poutine and chili.  They are all fine options and what you may expect from an eatery attached to a grocery store.  Overall, if you are already getting groceries here it is definitely a convenient option to go to.  Other than that i would go out of my way to eat here. They are still very new however so I will continue to explore the options of the menu and see if i find any stand out dishes!
3	It's great having a well-stocked grocery store so close to campus. The convenience is not free, however. The prices are quite high. Apparently if you live at an apartment managed by KW4Rent, you always get 10% at checkout. They also have 10% off days. I don't think this would make me look specifically at renting from KW4Rent, but if I lived there, I would definitely come here more often. 20% would bring the prices down to more normal grocery prices. Maybe Domus should set up a deal like this. *ahem*As for the eatery, the people behind the counter are SO friendly. Even if the food is average, I still want to go back just because the people are awesome.
5	A little under a month into the term, I'm already experiencing the perks of being a part of Kw4Rent and getting 10% off everything here. They have a really big selection of grocery items and though most of the items are pretty pricey, a few items I found are actually cheaper compared to Zehr's or Walmart.Little known fact, they do price matches, so you can basically get all your groceries for a good price if you pull up a flyer on your phone. They also have 10% off on Tuesdays (20% for Kw4Rent residents) which basically brings the prices down to normal. Plus it's super close.The reason this place merits 5 stars is because of their eatery/diner. The food there is sooo goood, and the prices are decently cheap. The all-day breakfast gives you every breakfast item you can think of plus coffee! The caesar salad and the tacos are also pretty good. But if I have to recommend one thing, it would definitely have to be the Gourmet burgers. They put it on their signature chewy bun toasted perfectly with a thick patty and whichever dressing you choose. The beef brisket is literally the best burger I've had in my life, and only $6.50! Not to mention their main chef Tyler is a super friendly guy and their staff has great customer service.Definitely try out this place the next time you're walking around the plaza!
4	Probably the most convenient grocery store around campus. They have a great selection of items from fresh fruits to shampoos, you can find pretty much everything you need for your everyday living off campus.Did I also mention that they have a great staff? The cashiers are very friendly and will have a chat with you if it's not too busy.The only downside is their pricing, for those of you who are really short on cash, I would recommend going to Walmart instead and complement your shopping with an occasional trip to the pi food store.
