4	I went to the new location in Summerlin and the only thing that does not give it 5 stars is that they do not have an alcohol license yet. Since I was a beginner it was refreshing that they make all levels of painters welcome. The food was yummy and the food service was great. I went for my birthday and it was so nice that they give you a Happy Birthday crown, sing you happy birthday, and give you a free dessert. They really know how to make your night special.
5	This place was so great! Everyone needs to try design and wine! My girlfriend saw the groupon and wanted to try the place out - I was hesitant being that I am awful at painting - but she convinced me and we made reservations to go. They recommend you arrive early, to get a good seat (we chose one facing the instructor, so we didn't have to keep turning back and forth to watch her instruct). They lay everything out for you, with an apron, painting palette, canvas, and some fun music! It was mainly a "girls night" feel, but there were a handful of couples there for date night as well. The instructor did a fabulous job making everyone (who hadn't painted previously) feel comfortable and like they could do it. Only thing: this location doesn't have their liquor license yet - I'm excited for them to finally have it, so I can indulge in some wine at the same time as painting :] such a great time, even for people who have never painted before. And then you get a piece of art to hang on your wall, that you're super proud of because you made it yourself!
4	Great experiece. Good for beginners, mid and experienced painters,  including kids. Step by step guide to building an awesome painting.  It was a little warms at this location due to AC issues but it was tolerable. Good food and deserts, there was more to drink than wine. The instructor walked around to lend tips, which was helpful and personable.  The servers were pretty good too they kept the food coming. I would definately recommend and go again.
5	I took a friend of mine to paint tonight for her first time. We had an awesome time!! The staff is super friendly and attentive. I brought my friend for her birthday. She had an amazing time! Everyone sang Happy Birthday and she even got a dessert to enjoy. We loved the instructor and our paintings look great!! We'd love to bring along more friends next time.
5	My daughter and i went and had so much fun!  We were immediately looking to book another class! !!
1	I booked a class for my family and myself nearly a month in advance.  We were looking forward to this family night out.  I took the time off work and rushed home to grab my 2 teenage boys for the class.  Upon arriving we were seated, then shortly afterward - a staff member, came to us and said "I AM GOING TO HAVE TO ASK YOU TO LEAVE" b/c my son's were minors and it violated their liquor license policy..  He then went on to tell us, "You can call the owner, I'm sure they will take care of you later."  I was beyond shocked, because my sons and I have painted in the past at the Henderson and Las Vegas locations without incident.  They even offer kids classes on weekends and they even have; "adult classes for 13 year olds and older" as a disclaimer.  My sons felt the unjust treatment and told me, the host made it seem like we did something wrong to throw us out like that. -- None the less, I spoke to a Christina not too long afterward who was just as rude and unsympatheic -- She offered to reschedule the class at another location and added complimentary food and drinks.  -- Like; this is it.. Take if or leave it..  I reluctantly rescheduled for another class and I'm hoping I won't have to write another bad review for this business..
5	Sooo much fun! I am not a painter but when I looked at my finished canvas...I had to wonder if I was a secret painter that painted in her sleep lol. The idea of painting, eating, and drinking is marvelous!! There were several couples and lots of ladies with their friends. I went solo and had fun by myself. The instructor was nice,patient, and funny. After giving a painting instruction the instructor would walk around and make sure you were keeping up, helped you out with any part you were struggling in, and gave loads of complements. They also have a frequent painter card. You know what that means...I'll definitely be coming back so I can get my free paint on!
1	There is a groupon for wine and canvas that is $25 but you must make a reservation online. The voucher code does not work on mydesignandwine website to make the reservation. I wanted assistance I speak to someone about why the voucher wasn't working and if I could place the reservation over the phone since I bought the groupon already. I started my first call at 10:00am. It's now 5:34pm and I still have had no point of communication. I've emailed them through the contact information online as well and still no response. Having called over 10 times throughout the day but there's not even an option to leave a message because the mailbox is full. As great as this would have been the lack of customer service is very very poor because there is no way for a customer to even receive service with the number provided. This is ridiculous and unprofessional. It requires a reservation to book this wine and canvas night which requires arranging my schedule but I can't even confirm the reservation because there is no one available to speak to. This has been a terrible effort to put forth in and will clearly not recommend this place and tell groupon about this as well.
