5	Two things to share:1) In general, Costco tends to have the best adjusted prices for gas in the area if you use their American Express card to get 3% cash back. That's bout 10 cents off with prices as they are.1b) Also in general, Costco has long hoses on their nozzles that let you fill your tank even if it's on the opposite side. Basically, every lane is game. I mention this because of the following anecdote.2) Here's a story about great customer service that I just had to say. At this place, I was doing the pull-to-the-front-and-reverse dance on a right-side pump lane because the far car in the lane had departed and the near car was still getting gas, and the Costco attendant walked over behind my vehicle and directed my reversing so that I could pull the nozzle over and access my gas door on the left side conveniently. First time I've ever seen any Costco employee do that out of several locations and countless visits. He was very helpful (and perhaps brave).
4	There's a reason why you typically find a line here. Check the gas price apps on your phone and chances are you're waiting to fill up at the cheapest gas pumps in Henderson. The place is clean, the pumps are kinda fast, and at the end of the day what's a little bit of a wait when you're saving $$?
5	Only place I go to put gas!!! Always has the best prices.
4	I enjoy the prices. I do not enjoy the line. I counted 18 cars in front of me one time. I usually don't mind the wait, though.
4	What do you say about a gas station that is nothing more than a gas station-no convenience store, just gas? Well, for as consistently cheap as Costco is, it's worth writing about.I've been coming to this Costco gas station since the renovation of the MLK location a few years ago. This one is ALWAYS busy, but since I'm in the area pretty often, I can sometimes overlook the lines that are reminiscent of Wal-Mart on black Friday. What I like about this gas station is that there is an entrance and an exit. This is probably 80% of the reason I continue to come back here because while the gas prices are a plus, the sense of order is a relief. There's rarely any line cutting (and for those who do, there is public shaming involved by bystanders-I've seen it) and there is always order. Tell me how many times you've been to an ARCO with lines spilling out into the street and have seen people jump the curb to cut in front of other cars? I have. More than I care to. Costco gas: come for the gas, stay for the sanity.
5	Great price, and if you catch the off-peak then there's practically no wait. But, lines generally move fairly well. Expanded hours are awesome! Now, if only the store had different hours for Executive members (earlier opening or later or both) like they used to do...
4	Guess all I can do is agree with most of the reviews already posted. Not too much to say about a gas station without a store attached. With your Costco membership it is always the cheapest gas in town. It's probably worth it to buy a Costco membership just for the gas prices ($50/yr). If you go there in the morning, afternoon, or on the weekend there is going to be a huge line. I don't remember the last time I just drove up to a Costco Fuel Station anywhere. Bring a book or play angry birds on your phone. Worth the wait. If you're still unhappy, just walk into Costco and get a $1.50 hot dog. There's not a lot that won't fix.
4	Who the heck added Costco Gas to Yelp? Well, it's here so I'll rate it.If you have a card and it's not completely out of the way, it's always worth it to get gas at Costco, especially if you're one of those premium petrol people. Sure there's a line sometimes. OK there's a line most of the time. But luckily for me, my hybrid can sit through things like that on battery power.p.s. Someone mentioned not knowing which side of your car has the gas intake and having to stretch the hose across your vehicle. What's wrong with that? If there's an empty spot, I'm taking it, regardless of it being a lefty or a righty. The hose and my pride can handle it.
5	Usually ~15-30 cents cheaper per gallon versus retail.  Attendants are helpful in case you should have any problems.Best time to fill up is right when it opens.  Any other time and you're very likely to have a line to wait in.If you haven't noticed, this is a member's only filling place (or you can use a Costco Cash card)
3	Yes I usually save a few cents per gallon at this location.  However, there is always a wait to fill up.  I always seem to get annoyed when I come here but I must be a glutton for punishment because I keep coming back to save a little money.  I often encounter problems with the card reader on the pump not being able to read my Costco card.  One time when it wasn't reading my card I did a klutzy move where I backed into my gas cap in the holder near the opening to the tank and broke it and then couldn't find where it rolled until an attendant helped me.  Ugh, the PTSD I have from that moment.
5	Did ya drive down here? Don't forget to fill up at Costco! Cheaper than the Strip, obviously! You can also grab a bite to eat since you're here. Love the polish dogs and cheap slices of pizza. The lines aren't too long and moves fairly quickly. Woot! I like that you can extend the line so it doesn't really matter which side your gas tank is on. They have an attendant there in case there are any trouble. Get in and get out!
4	Costco Gas is pretty much a rotation in my regular fuel fill up now. More often than not, they are the cheapest for the East side/Henderson part of town. On top of being the cheapest, it has that stuff in it that makes it better. I don't know what is called but yeah, you know what I am talking about.You already know you have to be a Costco Member to have privelages to buy gas. You already know that the line can be long but that they do move fast.
4	This is good gas. The lines are always long. I've never come here and been able to just pay & go. However the line moves pretty quick if u have say 15 to 20 minutes to wait. I give it four stars and yes I will return many times to fill up.
4	What else can you say? Costco is great, and Costco gas is even better. Cheaper than other locations for sure. Only thing I can say is they should open smaller gas locations around town. Not a lot, just enough that you don't need to live by Costco or have to get off the highway in the middle of the commute for gas. I am sure if they did though, the price would be higher. Also, they could be more uniform. The Costco by my house has two locations after you get gas, for cleaning windows. Simple buckets filled with fluid and a couple squeegees each, nice. This location did not.
5	Cheapest gas I can get here.
4	Great employees... Great customers...products are always of high quality and at a great price.return policy makes me a very impulsive buyer.my favorite store.
