5	Great grub, great service, great atmosphere, great live music, and ice cold beer!
5	We stopped in on a whim Saturday night. While the menu didn't instantly impress us, we decided while we're here we might as well give it a shot. I am soooo glad we did. WOW, the service and food were phenomenal. They brought out house chips with a chipotle sauce that were spot on. I ordered the chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the cheeseburger. Everything was better than we expected. We finished it off with an Apricot Cheesecake that came with Vanilla Bean ice cream. Again...WOW. We left stuffed and excited to go back again!!As for the other reviews, to complain the U.S. Flag is displayed everywhere seems very Un-American to me. I'm a die-hard liberal and I didn't find anything offensive or that would point to the owners being right wing. Yeah they like country music and are proud of their country's flag. That doesn't make them conservative, it makes them Americans!!
5	Thanks Ronin for your detailed description about Nabers (& yourself as well!).  Based on your review, I headed right over to check it out. Very very nice, friendly staff greeted me and served me as if I were their family or friend. I loved the food, the drinks and the warm friendly attitude. I was unable to appreciate the offensiveness of all that pro-USA vibe you seemed to encounter, but I assume that's probably more of a review of yourself than the place. I'm definitely coming back and bringing family and friends. Thanks Ronin!
1	Wanted to try a new local place, but was unpleasantly surprised. From the outside the restaurant looks very nice, however the empty parking lot should have been a sign to eat somewhere else. On the inside the booth we were placed in had multiple rips in the seat. Not what I was expecting from a newly renovated restaurant in the food area of West Chandler. Next was the menu. My wife and I ordered the grilled hotwings, better than moms meatloaf, and a burger and a couple of beers. Simple barfood right? Our tab was almost $60.00 including a standard tip. The staff was appropriately dressed and was professional. Lets start with the appetizer. The hot wings were on the small side, even though they were advertised as being large and you only got 6 wings. The presentation was very nice, however I am in a bar and was not expecting great presentation. I was expecting value, which I did not receive paying more than $1.00/ wing.Next the entree.... The better than moms meatloaf was $17.00!. I ordered it anyway since my mom made some incredible meatloaf and wanted to see what the offering was. GREATLY Disappointed. The meatloaf came in 2 pieces and was very small. The meat was topped with an inedible garnish, but it was everywhere so it impossible for you not to get some of it in your mouth. Mashed potatoes were good and so were the steamed vegetables. Their mom had to be a horrible cook because i would not consider it better than the fare my mom served on Thursdays. My wife's meal was a little better, but how can you really mess up a hamburger. The fries had a funny taste to them, as if they were making funnel cake in the same oil... Overall I left the place feeling I got ripped off. I can order a prime rib less than 1/4 mile away at Longhorn or Charlestons for the same money, or for a few dollars more I could go to Flemings or Roys. Needless to say we wont be back.
5	I'm not opposed to higher prices. In my opinion, you get what you pay for. High prices keep the riff raff away and you won't witness meatheads trying to pick fights or be obnoxiously loud here. If you are looking for a lot of cheap food, go elsewhere, there are plenty of hole in the wall sports bars in the area to serve you.  It's nice to have a more upscale sports bar in the area. The area has needed an upscale sports bar for a long time. Nabers provides great service with a very personal touch. I would request the following from the owners if they really want to make this a special place. -Be loyal to the local teams. Show ASU, U of A, Cardinals, Coyotes, D-Backs and Suns games. You would be surprised how you can walk into a sports bar and not find the local game on. To make matters worse, the staff will be rude to you if you ask them to put the local game on. Don't be the typical Arizona bar that leaves the channel on ESPN 2 displaying World Poker Tour instead of the D-backs game or the Coyotes game. - Provide fast and reliable Wi-Fi. A lot of fantasy football watchers require it. -Offer valet service on NFL Sundays during football season. Parking can be a pain during this time and the option to drop off your car and walk in is a nice luxury- Offer a VIP room on football afternoons and special sporting events for die hard fans who are willing to pay more for more personal and accessible service. -Consider offering an online reservation ability where you can reserve, schedule and select your table during football Sundays when it is really busy for an additional fee of course. - Secure the parking lot or have a parking lot attendant. A lot of fights, hazing and vandalism occur at night. People are less likely to do this if the parking lot is supervised.-Know your customers on a personal level and remember their names. Call them by their respective titles unless they tell you otherwise
4	Visited recently after they opened. Although they still have some kinks to work out I think it will be a great neighborhood bar. Service was very good and Denise the manager came over to ask how things were going. The bar area looked impressive and bathrooms were clean which is a big change from the former owners. I'll revisit in another month to see how things are going!
5	This place is great! Friendly attentive staff, great food, great music.They start by bringing out homemade potato chips with chipotle aioli dipping sauce; I don't usually like potato chips but these were fantastic. Light and not greasy, perfectly salted and still tasted like potatoes. The menu isn't huge, but I prefer that-- it's not overwhelming and everything cooked well. I got the shrimp po'boy and my friend got the not your momma's meatloaf. They were both excellent, but if you want something different I'd go with the meatloaf. It was wrapped in bacon and stuffed with veal.Someone on yelp complained that it's "expensive bar food," I'd call it inexpensive quality food. It's a spin on bar food, but if you want oversized, gluttonous portions and greasy 50 cent wings with boring flavors, stick to a lamp-heated trough. I  mean buffet.We also had the fries, sweet potato fries, steamed vegetables and mashed potatoes. All were tasty. We stayed after dinner to watch the band; the whole experience was great.
4	It was a very pleasant surprise to "discover" this gem in Chandler.  It occupies the spot where Ernie's Maryland Crab House was.  We were two couples and all had different dishes for appetizers and entrees.  All were prepared well and the staff was attentive, cheerful and helpful.  The beers were cold and the happy hour prices are standard.  We will be going back soon.
2	I had high hopes for this place, and maybe it's just growing pains, but you'd figure after they've been open a couple months they'd have worked themselves out.Let's start with the good:  The staff was super friendly.  The fries are world class.  Don't know why, but they are.  The Nabers IPA on tap is a really good, refreshing, unoffensive example of the style.   If they sold it in stores I'd seek it out.  The mega pretzel appetizer was tasty and had just the right texture....but $7 is steep.  Which leads me into the not-so-good.   The menu sounds great in theory, but the prices are on the high side, and the dishes we had just weren't all that good.   My son's chicken strips were tough, and Naber's either needs to change the oil they're cooked in, or change brands/type of oil altogether.  Whatever it was left an "off" taste in them.   My wife's French Dip looked pretty good, the roll was decent enough, but the beef was tough and kind of tinny tasting.  Definitely "meh".  I had the corn chowder and the Nuclear Shrimp appetizer together as my meal.   The chowder seems homemade, but it was unfortunately very bland.  A little blast of salt perked it right up though.   The Nuclear Shrimp were spicy indeed, but had also quite obviously been sitting at the kitchen window for a loooooong time.  Seems like the kitchen prepared them as an app and put them up but then they sat while the server waited to deliver them as a main course (as requested).  Better communication between the two would keep that from happening.  And, we didn't get any place settings until after our meal was delivered.  That always irks me.    The manager comped me one of my beers for my crappy shrimp plate without any prompting at all.  It's obvious they have customer satisfaction top of mind, but it would be better if they build that satisfaction with better execution in the first place.  We'll probably give it another shot some time but we're not going to rush back.
4	Good Food and Great Service!  Just a bit pricey for the type of food they serve is my only complaint.
5	I met bartender, Jaime, and owner Denise, at New Times Best of Phoenix, and we've come 3 out of 4 Sundays since. The food is way, way above average for a sports bar, and the atmosphere is friendly and laid back. It really does feel like you're going over to the neighbor's... Except this Nabers has 15 TVs, a terrific chef and lots of brews on tap and plenty of microbrews. I'm enjoying an Arrogant Bastard Ale as I write this. Definitely go! See you at the Nabers!
5	Great service, great food & good selections of beers.This was the first time I have been Naber's & I was very impressed. If you like sports bars with occasional live music, this is a good spot.
5	I just tried the turkey wrap & fries and it was one of the best wraps I ever had. Fries were steaming hot, too.
5	A coworker and I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott across the street and got a recommendation for this place from the front desk. We walked to Nabers and after our first meal, we were hooked. We went there for dinner for the next three night of our stay. The wait staff is great and we even met the Nabers who were extremely gracious. The food was awesome; there wasn't a meal we didn't like. My personal favorite was the Asian salad with Salmon. While you're there also try the Naber's Pale Ale, brewed by a friend of the owners. I would highly recommend this place to those traveling in the area as well as locals. How long until one opens up in Austin, TX?!
4	Time to try that "new" place just over the hill from Ahwatukee...don't be afraid of Nabers, neighbors, its across from Sam's Club and we KNOW you go there!!It's a fun menu and we decided to risk it on the Cheese Curds.  Light, fluffy and served super hot with a very nice peppy southwest ranch style dip. Score!We both got burgers and they were 3-thumbs up!  Meat was juicy and flavorful but not greasy. The set-up was fresh and there were enough fries to be enjoyable, not menacing.  Deep Fried pickle spear on top is a whimsical touch but eat it FIRST while still hot for maximum enjoyment.  Would return YES. Would try other items YES. Good Job supporting LOCAL BREWERIES - we saw Four Peaks and San Tan on Tap along with a nice selection of interesting craft beers. SUPPORT this locally owned establishment and keep NABERS in the neighborhood!
5	This place is worth checking out even if you have to drive! The bartenders are smoooooookin and the food is even better! I would suggest the Arizona rolls and the meatloaf sliders absolutely to die for. Not mention the atmosphere whether with music playing live or watching a sporting event you cant go wrong.
5	Cold Beer, great Bands, and friendly faces...great place to relax with your friends...Katie behind the bar is awesome, along with the rest of the awesome staff!!!
1	The worst experience ever. Tiffany was our server and she was not very responsive. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip and it was the worst ever not only that but they didn't give us enough chips in the server build them all over the table then when we asked for some more she didn't even get it started helping other tables. That was one of the worst experiences ever I can't speak on the other food because we didn't stick around to try. There are other options around the area and I suggest you eat  there before eating at this place
5	Great location, very clean facility, Amazing food and exceptional service... what else can I say?! The entire staff are professional and friendly. Great place for lunch, happy hour and lots of live music in the evenings. After meeting Denise (the GM) its no surprise that the place runs like a top. Denise is "top notch" very professional and enthusiastic. I plan on coming back often.
1	Server was lazy. Noone here during NFL playoff game.  First impressions dont lie.  Food was good.  Out od three of my first choices of craft beer.  Dont bother.
5	Love this place! We go every other weekend. The live bands are awesome! Great atmosphere. I've had ups and downs with the menu. The bread pudding is the best! The drinks are always perfect. We're always greeted by name and with a smile. I highly recommend Nabers!
5	Megen was a great bartender - friendly and quick service. I had the BBQ potato wedge thingies - super good! Sorry, I can't think of the name and the menu wasn't pulling up. They have tito's, my fav vodka, so I was happy! :) awesome little patio with bags to keep folks entertained. Really enjoyed the live cover band playing country, too! You could hear the songs even from outside. Definitely a fun new spot to check out in Tukee.  great prices.
3	Their food is alright, but it's a good atmosphere and they have great happy hour deals. They often have live music which is always fun!
5	I have not had a decent triple deck Grilled Cheese sandwich since Angels closed on Country Club and the 60 in 1998! This was the BEST adult grilled cheese I have ever had! Praise the Lord FINALLY!! I went for lunch at 11 am so I was the only one in the place but it didn't matter the atmosphere was wonderful and the service was amazing. I find sometimes when restaurants are not busy it takes forever to get my food but this WAS NOT the case. I didn't even have a chance to check my emails before my food was served. I had the chance to talk with the manager and had a great conversation about what to expect when I come back which I plan on doing for sure! It is quite the drive for me but well worth it. This place has plenty of room to listen to the live music or have a conversation. I am looking forward to coming back. Great place for lunch too so check them out!
5	Nabers is my new garage! It has great beer, a few local rotating taps, and great food. The grilled cheese is the best I have ever tried! I don't even mind the fact that they play country music because everything else is so perfect. I can't wait till they get a trivia night going there.
4	Been here a few times and I must say I like this place!Staff: A+ (Very Friendly and prompt) Vibe: B+ (Like a Toby Keith's JR.)Entertainment: A+ (Awesome live music)Bar :A ( Its got everything except Norm)Prices: AverageFood: B ( Pass on the steak) go for the burgers and fries.Overall I give this place a SOLID A!Check this place out your gonna love the people and the atmosphere. We will be back for sure!burgers.
5	We went with a group of 12 with teenagers to us middle aged folk. Our server was efficient and kept us in drintks and got us our food in a timely manner. I ordered the Grilled Cheese and it was AWESOME! For a side i ordered the sweet potato tater tots and they were amazing as well.  Prices were in line with what I would expect. Later in the evening they had a live band which was good. It wasn't so loud you couldn't hear the person next to you and it made the night a little more fun.  The one thing i would sugges is a few more TV's and make the TV's larger. We will definitely be going back.
4	My husband and I needed a place to eat lunch before heading to Sam's Club. Good choice as the food was good.  My husband had the Bohi-burger which was AMAZING, fries are so tasty and the corned-beef hash soup was great. I also had the tuna wrap which was mushy, dry and had little flavor. Bummer. It was dead and we waited forever to get drink refills and the check. Server (Katie) was sweet though. We'll come back for live music.
5	Awesome food and a great atmosphere. We come on the weekends and it seems that there is always a crowd having a good time (in a civilized middle-age kind of way). The live music is good, but my husband and I prefer the patio on nice weekends to tone it down a bit and have a good conversation in a good environment with great food and drinks. This place is definitely an outstanding addition to the Ahwatukee / Chandler area!
2	It took a good 20 minutes after getting drinks before someone asked to take our order. Food came relatively quick after that, but no one checked on us through the meal, which I typically appreciate at a restaurant. Entree was bland and for a chicken sandwich, there wasn't much chicken the sweet potato tots are amazing though!!  It was happy hour and check didn't reflect that with the drinks or appetizers. Didn't bother with asking, just wanted to leave.  There were only about 6 people in the place, 3 of them at the bar so, the ambient noise of sports cranked up full blast, unimpressive food and service left me with nothing much good to say about the place. Maybe on a busy night, this place might seem better because it seems like it has potential based on other reviews.
4	The food is surprising really good here. The bruschetta is very tasty. The mixed cheese and meat appetizer is large enough to keep 4 adults busy while waiting on the entree. Their lunch specials are different and good too. It's tucked away off 54th but worth giving a try.
5	I just got my fries cheese curds and audibly said "Holy Shit".Been driving by this place for sometime and decided to give it a try. At first glance no more than a typical sports bar but inside very roomy and clean. You would probably drive right by not being impressed at first glance. The decor and ambience inside is very warm and inviting. Menu is very much like a sports bar but have an excellent variety of spirits and wine as well as unique options on the menu. I could tell right away with the promptness of our service and the size of our first appetizer, fried cheese curds, this was going to be a great experience. Fried cheese curds were awesome and plentiful. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and Jen ordered the chopped salad with steak. Bother were huge. To go box for the salad. I heard there was starving people in Africa so I felt bad about leaving leftovers so I made sure to clean my plate. Besides, nobody likes a quitter. The whole experience was great. Service was impeccable. Food was delicious. They also have live bands and big tables for groups. We will be back. Can't believe we waited this long.
5	Great neighborhood place. I love that they play country music and their food is really delicious. I had never had a fried pickle before and it was solo good. I also got a Hawaiian flat bread that they were doing on special, which was yummy but only after picking out the habaneros (so spicy!!!).  Truly, props to the chef who clearly takes great pride in his work. I'd definitely recommend.
5	Great "Naber"hood bar. Had the cheese curds and sliders, both amazing. The rotating taps are awesome.  I tried the Huss Scottsdale Blonde and my friend had SanTan Epicenter. The place is clean, good music, and the bartender Jamie was fun and attentive. We will definitely be back.
5	This place is awesome! We come here a lot bc we live nearby. They have live music Thursday-Sunday, the food is great, servers are friendly and the owner walks around to make sure everyone is doing well. Tonight we came and my mother in law from France ordered something to try but turns out it wasn't what she thought. The owner came over and asked if she wanted to order something else. That was very nice! We really appreciated that. :) We love this place! You need to come here! They have great happy hr specials too!
4	Went here for lunch yesterday. Had been here before when it was called something else. They've got a pretty good "local craft beer" selection. We also had lunch. I ordered the "BMF Burger" and fries. The burger was seasoned perfectly as well as "Flame broiled" and cooked to perfection. My wife had the "Pulled pork sandwich" and said that it was "excellent" and would order it again.Bartender was very friendly and attentive. Looks like the place is more of a "Night-life" place as they have LIVE music at nights.  They have a few tv's in the main bar area as well. I would definitely return to Naber's bar.
4	I have been regularly. It is a good place. I have brought employees for lunch meetings and has a good lunch atmosphere. Have not been here for dinner yet. Menu is solid and I enjoy the pulled pork waayyy to much! Great food and the owner is always here.
2	I have some mixed reviews about Nabers. The first time I came here I met some coworkers after work and had some drinks and appetizers. Nothing special but I would consider returning and checking it out on a busier night.Last week my boyfriend and I had a late dinner here. Our service was fine and all the food was good. We both had burgers and neither of us finished ours so we asked for boxes. We paid and went on to our next date activity. The following day I received a picture of my boyfriends burger. Confused at first to why he was sending me a picture of his leftovers, I zoomed in to see a screw in his burger. I immediately called Nabers and asked for a manager to let them know of this incident. The manager was as speechless as I was. How would a screw get into a cooked burger? The manager was sweet and apologetic. She offered us free dessert for the next time we dinned there. I honestly don't feel like I will be returning, so a free dessert wont do us good.
4	The service was really good and the prices were great for the quality food that they serve. My only issue is the country music playing. I wish I could give 4.5 stars.
2	Very average food.  Happy Hour is only 3 dollars off 11 dollar appetizers.  The food really is very average.
2	Um, no.The service is ok but the food is not 4 stars. Happy hour isn't anything to write home to mom about. Only $3 off food that is priced pretty high. It's just ok.
4	Our local watering hole. Visit 3-4 days a week. Great staff and outstanding food. Try Happy Hours from 2 pm - 7 pm every day. Great prices and $3 off on appetizers. Their appetizers are not your normal bar food. Along with their meals there is nothing common here. Their meatloaf is better than mom made and where can you get fried cheese curds. Music  abounds here with entertainment 6 days a week. The weekend bands are dome if the best in the local area. Suggest reservations on the weekend. It does get crowded. They have multiple TV's for sport watching. A very unique menu for Sunday mornings is available. The staff are very friendly and fun.
5	This is a Great Neighborhood Hangout. Came here multiple times for business functions and the service has always been top notch. Customer service is Great and the menu selection is GOOD. I came in on a friday for lunch with my wife and kids and they loved the place, truly a neighborhood hangout whether you are with friends for a good beer, burger and music, co-workers, a function or with your family.  Thanks Naber's for always going the extra mile with Great Customer Service.                                                                                                 - Anthony with Mava Consulting
4	This place is country. And I had no idea.Our waiter was great. Very good customer service.And they know how to serve a Guinness.. Snaps some places fail!Nachos were more like bag of random chips slaughtered in toppings. Not what I was expecting and I am nto a nacho fan (the rest of the table wanted this) so No docked points from thsi because I am biased Anti Nacho.The Bruschetta was great. :D Really hit the spot. I was so happy!
5	Great local beers, live music and awesome food!! On a cold night my husband and I came here and split the pasta fusilli with chicken and the grilled cheese with roasted turkey. Both were a huge hit for us. Mark said he is going to crave the pasta!
5	Food still great. Entertainment " Top Notch" service great. We have frequent this venue for the past year. Normally visit 2-3 times a week. Staff is very friendly and the food is always great. Joey the chef has a talent for making mundane ingredients into unique creations. The nachos are not what you would expect for nachos. Very unique menu choices.
