5	Saturday night (late) I was getting warm when I checked the thermostat to see if the central AC was on and yes it was, but it was blowing warm air. Oh no! So now my air conditioning decided the day it was 109 degrees to stop workingI called Sunday afternoon and spoke with Mark I  told him about the issue with my AC and he said the earliest he could get here was sometime Monday. I was fine with that even tough it was 98 degrees in the house. My wife and I were OK but a bit worried about our dogs and how they would take the heat.Amy ( Marks wife called this morning to confirm that I would be home. Mark came around 12:10 asked a few questions, and went right to work. After diagnosing the problem, he came back, and told us what was wrong, what needed to be done, and the cost to have it repaired. I agreed to the repair. About 1 hour later he was done! I believe he was here for a total of thirty minutes and my central air conditioning unit is now working and blowing cold air. Happy dance!!!He located, tested, and fixed the problem (Bad Capacitor) quickly and efficiently. I can sit back now and relax in my fully air-conditioned house and enjoy the cool air as I write this review.PRICE: No hidden or extra fees for an estimate, just the cost of the repair. SERVICE: Mark is very professional. Overall, this company was as good as you could ask for.  CONCLUSION:  They were prompt, thorough and affordable and Highly recommend. In fact Yelp readers: look no further, this is a quality, ethical, reasonably priced A/C service. Could not be happier.
5	I called in yesterday and spoke to Amy about an ac problem (fan was blowing but the air wasn't cool). She recommended something I could do on my own so that I could save money on the service charge (which I thought was so sweet of her). I still had to end up getting the repair, so the next day Chuck came by and I also got to meet Mark. Both were extremely friendly and very helpful. The problem was solved in less than an hour. Overall, service was great. The price was more than reasonable (service charge plus price of a replacement part). They gave me their honest opinions and made me feel like I could trust them. I would definitely call them again and would also recommend them to anyone!
5	First of all, you cannot do better than this company and their owners Amy and Mark! Having lived here in the Phoenix area for a few years now, I've found companies to be fairly flakey and in some cases dishonest in their dealings with the customer. I guess it's easier to hide questionable reputations in a big metroplex compared to the smaller community that I came from. I came upon them through a recommendation from a coworker after having discussed with him the problems of finding a reputable AC repair company. I'm glad I called them after experiencing a problem with one of our AC units. I first talked to Amy, and told her what was happening and what had been done so far. She told me that Mark would be able to come out in two days due to the back log of their work load. I told her that was fine, but she also assured me that if anything changed with their schedule they could possibly swing by earlier. Mark ended up being able to swing by that same day! He immediately diagnosed the evaporator coil to be the problem, as it had a noticeable leak. He was able to quickly get details of the coil to Amy who then immediately was able to find out that it was still under warranty and found the replacement stocked locally for immediate delivery. This was on a Thursday, and they scheduled us for the replacement install the next Monday!  Mark and his helper came early that Monday morning and spent all day working on the install and the associated QC checks to insure a system that would be 100% after they left. In between the checks, they had a little down time, which they used to check the other unit and was found to be in working order. Everything is working like it should now, and the house is staying at a comfortable temperature without the compressors cycling unnecessarily, wasting electricity. I really cannot recommend them highly enough. I appreciate their honesty, professionalism and work ethic to take care of their customer (me).
