3	As a rule I will never give a Starbucks more than 3 stars because it's a chain. But this one is pretty good, the line is never long and it is not terribly loud like so many others.
3	Stopped by here the other day and found it pretty nice.  The shopping center is new and this Starbucks shares the same structure with a Salsaritas.Maybe it was just me, but I felt like I was being pushed through a tight alley the way they had the store set up with small tables pushed up against teh wall. This location was pretty busy for it being the "dead spot" in the day.  I was in and out...  and almost killed in the parking lot due to some lady trying to get her McDonald's on.... the parking lot is definitely not one that I would have designed.
3	A nice Starbucks, but no drive through. Otherwise, the same as others. Nice seating outside in the sun.
4	Staff is friendly, and the coffee is great.
5	One of the best in Charlotte. They never make mistakes on drinks, it's clean, friendly, good seating, and obvious they take pride in their work.
4	Starbucks was nice and staff was helpful in helping me with my order. Parking was a bit tight because of this shopping mall area was made to look like a little town with crossing drives and parking areas. Although it makes it feel like it has character it really is just annoying to drive through. The round-about is more like a mini race track shape, its just weird really. I get the whole making it look nice thing but at the expensive of convenience it fails. I'll be back if I'm in the area again though.
3	Friendly staff.  I asked for a small cup to take some creamer back to the office.  One of the baristas filled a cup to the top... very generous.  Parking is, well, awful.  Their parking lot is small and dead ends.  However, there are more spaces shared with the McDonalds.  Warning - no drive thru.
5	OMG it's a coffeehouse get in, get out. Idk a s'bux that doesn't share a p'lot. This place is place awesome! Great location, great staff, and oh those lattes!
1	The barista made my frappuccino really watery and too sweet !!!!!!!! Also the whipped cream is melted ! Target sbux taste way better !
2	Great tasting drinks but I find that this location is slow with making drinks even when there's only 3 people inside.  This is due to having full on conversations with customers and losing track of time.  It's fine to Talk and get to know people but not at the expense of other customers who may be in a rush.  This happens every time I go here!  A little frustrating.
5	I have lived in The Steele Creek area for a couple years now and this is my "go to" location. Some feel that having to walk in instead of having a drive thru can be an inconvenience, but it's so worth it. The customer service is excellent and no matter how busy it is they seem to really move the line along. Love this place:)
3	This isn't my normal Starbucks but it's close to a bunch of other shops at River Gate so I'll stop by for time to time. It's always packed (but when is Starbucks not) but the ordering process is fast. The drink preparation....is not. Now, don't get me wrong, I understand that they were busy but I've seen the same amount of people and the line move MUCH faster. But they have a bunch of regulars that seem to enjoy the place and once I finally got my drink it was prepared correctly. So it is what it is....I'll keep going back simply because I love Starbucks!
4	I stop by everyday, the staff is very friendly and the product, well it's Starbucks so its good. The place is kept very clean and it's located in a nice area. My only complaint is the ventilation, if you sit inside be prepared to smell like food all day.
