2	Ate there for Valentine's dinner.  Too expensive.  Portions very tiny.  No bread.  Salad was tasty enough but consisted of about two tablespoons of mixed Greek salad.---I'm not kidding.  My dish was salmon.  The fish was cold and the sauce was congealing.  Had to send it back for reheat.  My Valentine's was sword fish, which consisted of about 3 one inch square pieces. Also cold. No bread, no Pita bread.  The sword fish was about $24, and the salmon, about that much, too.  The wine list was all Greek wine, and the glasses the wine was served in were like little toy glasses, not real wine glasses.  Our waiter was kind of lackadaisical.  There were food splatters on the white wall next to the table.When a short woman made rounds about the tables to ask how we liked our food, we didn't  trust ourselves to even get started, and mumbled, "thank you."  All the "Best of Phoenix" favorable reviews were at least 10- 20 years old.The bathroom had toilet paper stuck to the wet floor of one stall, and the toilet installed inches from the side wall in the other stall.  Weird.  There was a table with chairs outside the bathroom, like they seated overflow guests there.  Weird.We vowed never to go back, and remembered maybe that's why we hadn't been there for years.  Better to eat at Crazy Jim's or Greek Town. Save your money.
5	Best Greek food in the whole Phoenix area!I have friends from Greece who won't eat at any other Greek restaurant in town -- ONLY Greekfest!When the natives tell me it's the absolute best, and my mouth agrees with them, who am I to argue - either with my friends or with my mouth???
5	This place is AMAZING! I went to Greece about a year and half ago and have been looking for a good Greek place in town and I have found it... GREAT service, from the owner herself, fresh products and JUST GREAT GREAT GREAT! I don't recommend food lightly and this place is top notch! Portions were not small... and have great dessert! Highly recommend!
2	I've been delaying this review, partially because I did not want to relive the experience and partially because the owner is so nice that I didn't want to say anything bad about her restaurant.But...My experience was horrible.I had gone to Greekfest with my parents when I was younger and I loved it. My parents had nothing nice to say, but for me it was the greatest. I was 12 years old and not paying for it, which might be the difference. It has apparently not changed in that many years.I went on a Tuesday evening with a fiend of mine for what was to be a three hour long ordeal, not because we were having a laid back, relaxing dinner, but because the restaurant could not handle being "slammed" on a weeknight. The truth is that there was a group (who had made a reservation) and one other table when we walked in. Even when the group had gone and we were left there all on our own, the service was horrendous.The hummus was alright, but we were charged for the accompanying pita. I thought, given the price of the entrees, the pita could have been included.I ordered the swordfish and a friend ordered lamb, I think. They were out of both. I ended up with the salmon and she had the steak. While she enjoyed her steak, I feel like I could have had better salmon in my own kitchen. It was overly spiced, and drowned in sauce. There was no taste of salmon to be found.The desert was not as great as I remembered, but they sure are pretty. We had the galatabouriko, my favorite. We also chose a fig desert, which was a little grainy.The whole ordeal came to about $90 plus tip. Usually a good tipper, I left an appallingly low tip to make a point.Occupying the only table in the restaurant, we should have had better service. Toward the end it seemed like a joke. We stared at the owner and waiter waiting for the check, and then had to wait another twenty minutes for them to pick it up before we finally went up to the front to pay ourselves.I won't be back. I won't tell other people to go.The atmosphere was nice, but they seriously need to improve the quality of the food and the service before they can charge the amount they do.The two stars I left were for my friend's meal, the physical ambiance, and nostalgia, along with my hopes that the owner will read this review and improve the restaurant.
4	I have known about this place for years, but just went for the first time last week as a default when we discovered that the Big Fat whatchamacallit place across the street had closed. What a nice surprise. The staff was very friendly although they hovered a bit too much for my liking. The food was spectacular, and as a vegetarian I had a lot to choose from (although the menu needs some help; things marked with an asterisk are supposed to be vegetarian, but there were asterisks dotted all over fish dishes). The array of desserts was to die for. My main complaint? Pricey like woah. And it was sneaky pricey. There were three of us; our main dishes were $10-$12 each, with a $9 appetizer, 3 desserts, cocktails, etc. and the bill was over $160!!! I thought my poor boyfriend was going to crap himself.  I honestly don't know how it got that expensive. The drinks? The desserts? Were the baskets of pita $8 apiece? I mean, a Greek meal costing  more than a steak extravaganza at Cork and Cleaver? Come on. While all three of us just loved it (a rarity, as we are all differently picky), at that price, it's going to have to be reserved for special occasions. Sheesh!
5	My favorite Greek restaurant in town. A true authentic Greek bar. The owner personally greets all patrons. She is wonderful. The bar is truly Mediterranean. Don't pass up the rotisseries. They all rock.
2	Perhaps I was possessed.  Perhaps I was having a moment of Hellenic pride.  Maybe I wanted to feel like I was on the island of Chios smelling the marina and humming along with all the traditional anthems.  Perhaps I was hoping to break a few plates after toasting a wonderful plate of desperately sought out seafood in the desert.  I am not sure what it was that night I simply had to have Greek food. I had a dream is more than an ABBA greek tribute.  But here is my reality...Having recieved awesome directions not thanks to my Garmin which placed the restuarant to the right versus the left off 19th and Camelback, but from the owner's wife, I pulled into an empty Tuesday night parking lot about an hour and a half before closing.  Perhaps this was my very first mistake but with this economy, I realized that the place might have been hurting more than my yearning for horiatiki and tzatziki.  Still, the women's voice was alluring and authentic and promising.Enter stage left, a host.  Truly, I thought  that I was part of an elaborate prop set for what would be a Greek tragedy.  The place is certainly capable visually of transporting you to Ellada.  The place was also as barren as an off season tourist trap near Plakka.  The two other people there seemed to be regulars.I admit that I was VERY impressed with the menu.  Again promising.  I went ahead and ordered Ktopodi traditional and kalamarakia.  Homemade bread that was made the last time the restaurant was full appeared at the table with sweet butter that was also frozen at that same time.  A wine list featuring more Greek wines than anyplace else was also promising, but I knew I would have a long drive back and well, you know me and that speeding thing on Interstate 17...I digress...After waiting for almost 25 minutes, I got one tentacle of  what must have been the world's smallest octopus and that octopus was suffering from anorexia.  It was camoflauged in a sea of fava bean paste to give it a fuller appearance.  It was dry and not tasty.  To be more clear... imagine a child's finger being grilled and placed in front of you after being dehydrated.  Yea.  That is what it was like.The salad was fair.Meek, but fair.  Nothing to really yelp about.  The kalamarakia were horrid.  I think they were anything but fresh as they were laden in overly fried onions and sopping in oil with the breading stripping away.  I must have been desperate for the fruit of Poseiden to be enticed in any way to put a forkfull of this stuff in my mouth.  It was the absolute worse that I have ever experienced.  Hands down.  I am certain from the many posted accolades all over the walls of the place, that the GreekFest was indeed great.  But its day has come and gone and its legendary service and cuisine is all but a page of mythology.  I was extremely disappointed.  I am only giving two stars because the server was ok and the setting and music was so authentic.  I can only beg the Marvrides to consider a return themselves to their heritage of excellence that seems now so far away.
5	Greekfest is the best Greek restaurant in the Metropolitan area of Phoenix, hands down. We've been to them all - and we keep coming back to Greekfest on Camelback. Tony and Sue have been there forever - and there's a reason for that - the food is the best.  By the way - my wife is Greek - related to John Stamos the actor. We have eaten Greek food in Greece including her home town near Argos, and Greekfest is one of the few restaurants we've been to in the US that recreates the atmosphere and flavor of our times there. Some may find the food challenging - but that's because Tony makes it authentic - with sharp garlic tasting Skordalia and other delicacies that taste different from American food.  If you know Greek food - you will love Greekfest.Where does one start when it's all so good?  The dips, the octopus, the lamb...all excellent. The mixed dip appetizer is a work of art that includes all your favorites including dolmades to die for. My favorite is the fried smelts - which are cooked to perfection - but they are not available in every season. Everything with lamb is spectacular. The lamb meatballs have an intricate yet overwhelming taste that reminds me of that old saying...there are two kinds of people in the world, Greeks and those who want to be Greek. After tasting the meatballs, the sausage saganaki, the lamb...you'll wish you were Greek, too. Second best is eating at Greekfest Opa! Highly recommended.
5	My first and only experience there was excellent. The service was exemplary - the server knew the menu, was enthusiastic about it, and assisted us in choosing our items without being pushy. The food was exceptionally prepared and tasted excellent. The tzatziki was the best I've had. Nice and thick, with cucumber and spiced well with herbs and garlic. The spanikopita was also exceptionally with fresh clean tasting spinach and delicately textured phyllo dough. The pan fried calamari reminded me of Europe, fresh tasting, delicately fried in olive oil and not in the least bit chewy. The pita bread was warm and fresh and for dessert, the baklava had a complex flavor and tasted home made. The environment was tasteful, old world European and exceptionally clean and organized. I will be back!
2	We ordered in from Greekfest yesterday and I was underwhelmed.Most notably, they delivered quite possibly the worst Avgolemono soup I've ever ingested in my life.  It was pretty bad.  The rest of the food was ok but very pricey given the portions.I'm crossing them out.
1	Christmas party at Greekfest. I had the steak and my wife had the salmon. I suppose it is possible that they were having a bad night but everything seemed nearly flavorless.None of it was good.The desert was about the only thing worth having.The atmosphere was great and the staff was helpful but they need to rework the kitchen if they want to stay in business.
5	We had a fabulous dinner at Greekfest! I'm truly baffled by the negative reviews. We started with the Greek Antipasto (a large plate by itself) and the Cheese Saganaki (flamed with brandy at the table), and shared a nice (mild) Retsina white wine. For an entree I had the lamb shank special, while my girlfriend had the Exohiko, which is lamb chunks, Kasseri cheese and briami vegetables baked in phyllo pastry. For desert we had the Baklava and the Galaktoboureko (a custard pie baked in phyllo pastry and soaked with mastiha honey syrup).Everything was delicious, and the service was excellent. Add to that the attractive interior, which boasts a beautiful wood ceiling and authentic Greek artwork and accessories throughout the restaurant. It's also worth noting that many of the herbs used are grown fresh on the premises. They clearly put a lot of effort into serving high quality food, and it shows. This will be a regular stop for us whenever we're in Phoenix.
4	I love walking into a restaurant and being enticed by the aroma of good food.  We had a light dinner. Hummus and pitas. Gyros. Hypocrites salad. Followed by a desert that I can't even begin to pronounce. Everything was very good, and I loved the normal portion sizes.  Our waiter was superior.  Attentive, yet not too.  I'd love service like this everywhere.
1	How this place stays in business I have no idea. Food is gross,  the place is empty all the time, small dishes, over priced. Service is totally crap. The parking lot  looks like a place one could get raped in. If you're handicapped you are screwed one parking space for the whole building. Pot holes everywhere, I can't believe they haven't been sued yet for the condition of the parking lot.
5	The decor of Greekfest was great and really gave the feeling of being in a restaurant on one of the Greek islands.  We had the Spanakopites and Arnopites for appetizers and they were wonderful.  Then for dinner we had the Ravioli dish and the stuffed chicken breast dish and they too were out of this world.  Then for dessert, we had the Baklava which is a must for any Greek restaurant and Greekfest's Baklava was really really good.  Overall we had a great experience and can't wait to go back to try other dishes on the menu.
4	We've now been to Greekfest a half dozen times. Basically any time we go through Phoenix. The food is authentic and everything is homemade. The place is a bit pricey, say $40 per person but very good. We have had most everything on the menu by now and it's all good. As others have posted, you can't go wrong with the lamb.
4	Extremely friendly staff, very comfortable decor, and delicious food!  I enjoyed a sampling of a few different mezes and a greek salad - just wonderful!
3	Wonderful Greek Food offered with Excellent Service in an authentic setting, unfortunately very overpriced.  Difficult to enjoy a proper meal for under $100 for two people.  We may be back, but only on special occasions.  We'd be regulars if prices were reasonable.
4	Back for our annual vacation dinner at Greekfest. As before, we started with some Retsina white wine and the antipasto appetizer (which comes with warm pita wedges). The antipasto (described as: "Taramosalata, Melintzanosalata, Tzatziki, Homous, Dolmathes, Feta Cheese, Fasolia, Kalamata olives and sweet onions") is a terrific sampler for two, and highly recommended. The Greek salad was also excellent, while the Steak Makedonias (filet mignon with reduced cabernet-pomegranate sauce) was tasty, but a little dry at the edges -- they recommended medium-rare, but I ordered it medium, and the result was more like medium-well. And filet mignon is probably not a Greek specialty. However, my girlfriend's calamari was delicious.I'm already looking forward to next year....
5	Loved this place! I had the calamari and came with rice and eggplant slice. Very delicious and the waiter did a great job!
2	There is a difference between authentic and antiquated and unfortunately this is the latter. The food was ok but spending HOURS on a weeknight waiting for food in an empty restaurant in the most uncomfortable chair I've ever sat in was not a pleasant experience.
5	Great for date nights, and special celebrations.  Gorgeous atmosphere, friendly staff, upscale (but healthy) and DELICIOUS food. A++ LOVE that the portions are normal sized instead of fattening super sized like most restaurants. You come in, eat a normal sized, healthy, delicious meal and go home feeling satisfied and content. If you like fine wines they have an huge selection of choices for you that are hard to find elsewhere. And if you do want to splurge on calories I highly recommend the saganaki (it's a yummy splurge and my kids LOVE that they set it on fire with a flourish and an "Ompah!").  (Also have lots of gluten free choices - do you know how hard it is to find an upscale restaurant that's mostly gluten free?)  Love it!
5	We were celebrating my husband's birthday and Father's Day combined and I had make a reservation ahead of time via Open Table.  I mentioned that we'd like a quiet table as my parents have some trouble hearing.  So wonderful to be greeted as we came in the door and to have our request acknowledged!  The lovely owner/hostess mentioned that she had selected our table personally based on our request and offered others if we didnt like it - so nice!  Sometimes those requests fall into the black hole so it was wonderful to be treated like a special guest.We had eaten here before and were looking forward to all the wonderful food and were not disappointed - everything was delicious - moussaka, calamari, saganaki, gyros plate - all great!  The bread is very special too - I think it has a touch of anise.Our waiter was very attententive and made us feel special!  Thank you for a lovely evening and we're so happy we chose Greekfest for our celebration!
5	Tony and Susan have made their mark in the Biltmore restaurant scene with Greekfest. I used to live in the area for about 4 years before moving back to the midwest and Greekfest was a place I could come to, to treat myself for any celebration I deemed necessary. My wife and I had our first "business date" here and the rest is history. We were in the early planning stages with Susan to have our wedding here, but certain circumstances had everything move to the east coast. On my first visit here back in 2006, my parents and I learned that Tony brought all his herbs from Greece and transplanted them here. You can taste the difference in the food and realize that this is not your run of the mill Greek restaurant you can find just about anywhere in the US. Tony thought about the texture and taste to each dish on the menu. I believe I have just had about everything on the menu during my 4 year residence there and everything had a unique and distinct taste from the last meal. My Yiayia always used to make me, my brother and my cousins beautiful food and I always would set the standards by her TLC cooking. Tony, does the same. The amount of TLC he puts into his food is unmatchable.The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant is beautiful. We also learned on our first visit, that he brought back as much copper and tin items that he could when he immigrated over. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with the items and the white table cloths and walls bring you to the islands of the Agean sea. I could always feel transplated when I would step through the door.During your meal service from the exceptional serving staff, Susan makes the rounds to the each table getting to know everyone on a personal level. Over the four years, we have gotten to know each other as well as we could from those 5 minute conversations, but she is able to recall what we spoke of the last time. That is hard to find these days. Someone that listens.I wish this place much success and when I am back in Phoenix, I can not wait to give them another visit and feel like I am sitting in Yiayia's kitchen eating the food I grew up loving.By the way, ask for a bag of kourabedis before you leave ;).
4	This is a must try when you are looking for your Greek fix. The sampler appetizer is great. I had one of the casseroles and it had huge chunks of Lamb that were tender and tasty. The server was extremely helpful and never let a water glass go empty. A very positive experience.
2	We love Greek food and have eaten it all over the world - including Greece....  This wasn't all that impressive.  First clue should have been that the place was virtually empty on a Saturday night....  Calamari was mediocre - definitely had much better elsewhere.  We can make Tzatziki that is equivalent or better in quality.  Moussaka was a huge disappointment - dry, undercooked eggplant...  Best dish was marinated swordfish - but definitely not worth $18...
5	Sooooo good! Here on business. I had the lamb and it was great. Their roasted eggplant is very good. Their rice pilaf is very good too, has some broth-iness to it. Very nice staff. Great experience!!
1	I actually give this place 0 stars. food-wise, our meal was alright but service was pretty slow. after dinner we ordered tiramisu for dessert. after our server brought it out, we started to eat it, expecting it to be delicious, but no! the first thing we noticed was the disgusting bitter taste and then we took a closer look at the cake. right away we realized the cake was moldy! and I don't mean a little moldy - it was chock-FULL of green mold!!! of course we had already taken a bite because we were not expecting that, so we just started spitting it out like crazy, but could not manage to get the horrible taste out of our mouths. we told our server and he did not believe it at first so we insisted the cake was moldy. he took it away and brought us a fresh tiramisu, which we no longer had an appetite for. the owner came to talk to us when he casually apologized and did not offer to compensate by reducing any part of our bill. the only thing he did for us was give us some free biscotti, which we weren't the least bit interested in. on the bill we were charged for the full meal including the dessert. obviously NEVER going there again! and from now on when dining out we ALWAYS carefully inspect our food before taking the first bite!
5	Had a really nice dinner. The shrimps were amazing!
2	Z's is better and cheaper
5	wonderful, the best greek food.
4	Very authentic Greek food and ambience. The owner came and chatted with us for a while.
5	The best Greek food this side of Greece... enough said about food! The Waiter Dwayne gave exceptional service! I even personally met the owners, Tony & Susan who were most gracious! I highly recommend it if you are looking for a delicious Greek food experience in Phoenix
1	Maybe I caught this restaurant on a bad night, but my experience was terrible. Having no experience with Greek food, I expected my waiter to be knowledgeable and be able to speak English to recommend a dish. However, our server spoke broken English, was extremely touhcy feely and overly attentive. When we arrived there was not a soul to be found in this restaurant. When I asked what certain things were on the menu, I couldn't understand his responses and ended up randomly picking something. My meal was awful. I couldn't tell you what it was, but all I know is I will not be returning.
5	I love this place. Easily the best and most authentic Greek food in Phoenix. Their best dish is the arni(lamb shank) but you have to call ahead and request it. Every time I come I feel like I am back in the village in Greece!
5	My friend Christos from Thessalonika (Greece) took my friends and I here when he was in town and ordered half the menu items. It was fantastic. Christos said it's the best Greek food in the city.
5	Fantastic service and tasty food. We loved it so much we're going back soon. Best greek restaurant in Phoenix. Ambiance was unique and authentic. Pita yum. Yogurt yum. Made for a wonderful meal.
5	OPA!As if dining on the Mediterranean itself, more than just going out for dinner, Greekfest is an ethnic experience.  Marathon lengths have been overcome to solidify Greek authenticity.  The owner ensures a personal experience by often stepping from the kitchen to visit guest at their table; educating about the Greek experience or just making sure everyone is happy.  The saganaki is made with kefalograviera cheese which is what was originally intended; also offering an exclusive sausage saganaki.  Directly importing ouzo from Greece these labels will not be found at Total Wine or BevMo.  Avgolemono soup; if you can't pronounce it, just ask for "the lemon soup", they'll know what you mean.  More than once I've filled up on appetizers, soup and ouzo, keeping the tab less than a ticket to Athens.
5	Fellow Yelp reviews and close proximity lead us to choose the restaurant for dinner a few nights back. The service was phenomenal, the food was delicious and the overall experience was incredible. I will definitely be back!
2	I posted the following review on Rewards Network and received the following response which given the circumstances was actually enough for me to decide to not return to this establishment. While the food is good and our waiter was good the responder is a piece of work. It should be known that my service animal was wearing a vest with an insignia on it. The question should have been answered just by that. The fact that I and anyone in ear shot could hear her was calling undue attention. Whatever the health codes etc are the ADA is VERY CLEAR and this restaurant is this/close to violating that act. ----review and response below.......The restaurant service and food were really good. Everything tasted fine and was presented beautifully. The drawbacks were just minor but they added up...as did the bill. Our waiter was friendly efficient and left us to our devices while we ate after he checked on how we liked things. He did however take a long time to bring the bill. The drawbacks were as follows: We have a service dog and they made a bigger fuss than necessary. We could hear a woman (I am assuming the owner) asking repeatedly if the Maitre d'hotel checked to make certain she was a service dog. He assured her several times, yet she loudly asked him again to verify it. Had the restaurant been crowded it would have been embarrassing enough for me to consider leaving. It is really no one's business besides mine that I have a service animal. Not that I can hide it, but the woman made it seem as though she doubted my disability and or need. The prices were pretty high for what was served. I think 2 people should be able to leave a Greek restaurant for under $60 a person even with wine appetizers desert and coffee. We didn't order the most expensive wine either. Just a Greek Rhoditis. Ultimately I would probably go back but I might try other places first. Being a former Chicago resident a lot of places I go to for Greek food end up being compared to the phenomenal restaurants one finds in Greek Town there. The establishment replied to this comment on 06.28.2014:We regret that you felt the response to your dog was "over the top" - however, as the Health Dept is adamant about no dogs other than genuine service dogs in a food establishment - it was necessary to determine that the server had the correct information.. Your server was not a maitre d'hotel and as there have been language barriers that resulted in miscommunication in the past it was important to ensure there was no misunderstanding. There were other issues that unfortunately you were not aware of. We have had many, many diners with service dogs and as well, we have had guests who have "laughingly" called their pets "service" dogs. In the interests of meeting strict health code parameters it is better to err on the side of caution. We are here to provide a healthy environment and will continue to strive to surpass these expectations regarding both the environment and of course the food. We thank you for taking the time to share your comments. SM
5	This is the best Greek restaurant we have found in the area.  Just a warning that the menu on Yelp is not accurate.  We specifically came here because the menu (on Yelp) showed that they had Kolokithakia Skordalia (which no other Greek restaurants in the area seem to have).  However, it was not on the menu in the restaurant.  But... they agreed to make it for us, and it was excellent!  Everything was delicious, and the owner was very friendly and service was great.
