5	Yea, I'm giving this Denny's 5 stars. It's just that you cannot beat them for what they do best. Late night food.  I mean, I don't know anyone that goes to Denny's just to go to eat at Denny's.  It's usually a toss up between IHOP, Denny's, and Waffle House.  However, Denny's food is realllllly good now! I did hear about them revamping their menu and really working on improving their food and believe me when I say they did a really good job.Everything I've had recently was very tasty.  Their nachos and cheese fries have this new cheese sauce that isn't the typical Sysco or US Food Service one.  Their fries are a cross between a waffle cut and steak fry, again, never before seen anywhere else.  Give Denny's a chance and try out their new food!
1	Wow...We all know Denny's is not known to be the best, however this location is terrible. Its a real shame to because it wasn't always this bad. Its right near my house and a fairly new location. Every time I go there it gets a little worse but lets focus on my most recent visit there...We get seated by a server who redefines the word incompetent. She takes forever to take our drink orders, then walks by and asks if our food order has been taken. Shouldn't you know? You're the waiter. Then she takes the order then returns with my drink, a cup of coffee. The cup I got looked like the last person who drank out of it was a cheap call girl that applied way too much lip stick, Denny's decided it was too complicated to wash the cup so served my drink in it. Dirty tables, covered in debris was also a nice plus.I was not offered anything when I advised staff about this. All I got was a forced I'm sorry.........I will not be back.
5	Always friendly always fast
1	Stopped in to my tried and trusted Denny's for a late night snack (breakfast) we beat the drunk crowd in, as it was still 10 p.m.They had two crusty/dusty women working the floor this night, at least on our side.  Took forever to get drinks. Took forever to order, took even longer for the kitchen to kick out the breakfast avocado burrito, and double bacon cheese burger. Forget about refills, you could walk to the waitstaff area and get your own refills.When the food came out, our waitress wasn't the one that dropped it off, it was the second dusty crusty old lady. And when I say dropped it off, she basically did a drive by delivery. Her shadow was still there, but she was gone, and we attempted to ask for ranch, and hot sauce, but we were talking to the back of her head as she was zipping around the corner. She was faster the creamed corn through a goose.As the "Duke" of this joint I see the staff all the time, and these two are always outside killing their lungs with nicotine. LoL  Didn't think I would have to write a crap review on my digs here at this store.  I'll give the two old birds the benefit of doubt that they were incontinent, uncontrollable bladder. And this was our cheat weekend where we were allowed to go full retard and have carbs. Es ok,two quaaludes and she'll love me in the morning.
5	The best, never had a bad experience here, they know me here and treat me well, the food is the way it looks in the photo and the service is outstanding every time, unrivaled. Love coming here and enjoying my breakfast with coffee and read the news on my cnn app. This is the way Denny's is SUPPOSED to be.
1	I don't expect much when I go into a Denny's but decent service is not that difficult. I have been here twice and I will not be returning. Both times I have gone it hasn't been very busy yet I am left to wait for water or any one to greet me. I had a problem with my order at my last visit and my server simply shrugged his shoulders and said, "sorry" as he walked off. Unacceptable. Especially when other locations are excelling at customer service.
1	The people who work here are not qualified at all.  Had to repeat my pick up order multiple times and the food ended up being wrong. Called them to fix it and again had to repeat the order many times. Got frustrated and asked for a manager. The manager too did not know how to take an order. I don't understand why it was so hard.
3	I've had some really good experiences at this particular Denny's as well as some not so good ones. This visit was somewhere in the middle. It was busier than it normally is at dinnertime, but the service was still very good. More often than not, I order breakfast when I come to Denny's, but this time I was planning to get a burger because I've had some great burgers here in the past. But at the last minute, I decided to get the Super Bird (without tomato) and fries. It wasn't my favorite. It's essentially a grilled swiss cheese sandwich with turkey and bacon on it. Wish the turkey had been hot, it was kind of room temperature. I had to redistribute the slices so I wouldn't bite into toast with no turkey. It was really nothing special. And the wavy-cut fries, which are usually good here, tasted like they had been fried in old oil and left a dissatisfying aftertaste. But as I said, our server was very friendly and actually seemed to care, and I love how they always play oldies here. I'll be coming back, but for breakfast food, not the Super Bird.
4	Even on a Sunday morning, service was fast. 15 mins wait was really 10 mins. Server was uber nice. Menu selection was varied.  I got a fit  fair skillet..yummy!
