5	I had a bad experience at first, and I let them know about it. That was when they sent me Amy V. Talk about a top to bottom clean, my house looks & smells great! She did such an amazing job, that I can not even find a speck of dust in my home! Amy made sure everything was completely perfect. I would recommend her to anyone! She deserves an award honestly. She was efficient,  courteous, and so kind! If I could give her 10 stars I would!Also, hats off to Handybook for fixing the issue, and taking care of your customers!
5	Overall great job! I love coming home to a clean house  i work full time and am a nursing student full time it's hard to find time to clean ever, and when I do I'm exhausted and just want to spend time with my daughter so this was definitely a treat; for someone else come clean for me. I will definitely be using this cleaning service again THANKS MICHELLE :D
5	Evlyn was awesome! Very through and definitely exceeded expectations. She certainly went above and beyond plus had a very kind demeanor. I would hire her back in a second. :)
5	We purchased a Groupon for 4 hours of cleaning. Our house is only 1300 sq ft but since the Groupon was cheap I bought the most time so everything would get done.Booking of course was easy, that's supposed to be their thing. We had to reschedule for a different time which was also easy.Now down to the cleaning. Beatriz arrived about 10 minutes early and was very nice. She had us walk through and show her everything and then she got right to work. We stayed for an hour to make sure everything was ok (my bf was nervous to have a stranger in the house). When we got back she was mostly done and she did a great job. She cleaned 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, the kitchen and living room. I would say the quality is better than I can do. She also vacuumed the couch and all the baseboards which was much appreciated. We decided to give her an extra tip ... not sure how much handybook gives, especially on discounted services.  Overall very pleased and would definitely request Beatriz if we decide to book another time.
5	They were great.  One person for 4 hours and we have a large house so they didn't hit all our rooms but Angela did great!
5	wonderful,punctuial and a very good company to hire!!thank you
4	Taylor was very friendly and professional. She did an awesome job. I originally bought a groupon for 2 hours and decided to start biweekly service. It was amazing to come home to a clean home.   Great service :)
5	This is a great organization and Antoine did a fantastic job.    I will certainly request him on my next cleaning!
1	This review is by no means a reflection on Cassandra who did a competent job, but the cavalier and downright inconsiderate way this company treated me. I booked this cleaning over a week in advance but received a text the day before, virtually 16 hours before they arrived, that my time was being rescheduled from 5 pm to 830 am, as if I had no job, no errands to run, nothing to do but sit around and wait for Handybook to arrive whenever they felt like arriving. I texted them back immediately after reading this message but received nothing but automated responses...well...considering the content of my texts...at least I hope they were automated. I am still smarting over the gall of these people: "we had a change in our schedule so screw your schedule, we want to come by 7 hours earlier because this is what suits our needs." They did not use this phrasing, but this is the gist of what they expressed to me the day before our appointment, and exactly what they did.I wanted so bad to cancel and tell these people where they could shove it, but I had someone stopping by in the evening who I wanted to make a good impression on and had no time to schedule another cleaning, so I had to suck it up and take it. Oh well, now Handybook can suck on my single star.I thought about revisiting the rating because I don't enjoy giving bad ones but subsequent communications with this company have been more of the same: they will not even acknowledge they inconvenience they caused me. There are less arrogant and more customer-oriented services in the area to choose from therefore I cannot recommend these people.
5	I bought a Groupon to try it out. My first experience was mediocre. So I decided to give it a try with a new person. Super Tara showed up and got down to business. My house looks and smells great. I really like that she walked me through everything she did and gave me tips on how to maintain it until her next visit. Thanks, Tara!
5	Handybook and especially Antoine did an excellent job once again!   I will again request his services!
4	Our first experience with Handyman. I was pleasantly surprised by the professionalism exhibited by Stasia.After every area was cleaned I was asked to critique it and then move to next area.Was a Groupon Deal but would pay regular price now.J.DumasLasVegas
5	Tara was wonderful and went the extra mile and even stayed afterwards to be as thorough as possible.
5	Vanessa was prompt, thorough, and friendly.  She texted me the night before to confirm. She did a great job cleaning the house, and handybook has a very competitive price.  My showers and floors were so clean. I'm so happy I don't have to do it :) will definitely request Vanessa in the future.
5	Great service from Michelle. Arrived early ready to go. Waited for me to do a final walk through to ensure everything was done toy satisfaction and it was. Would definitely use Handybook and Michelle again.
5	I absolutely loved my cleaning service. Booking with Handy was super easy and took a lot of the pressure off in choosing a service. Danyell arrived early and, after going over the type of cleaning I needed, she got right to work. After she was done, my house smells fabulous and is SO clean! Danyell is the best and I'll definitely be asking for her again.
5	We got a Groupon and thought we'd give them a try (I've never had someone clean my house before).  Scheduling was very easy; a link through Groupon's website.  I received an e-mail and a text a week before to remind me of the appointment.  Michelle called me the night before to confirm our time.  She was very pleasant!  She arrived on time the next day and made sure she knew what areas were most important to us.  After a few minutes, we were out of the house and she got to work.  When we got home, the house looked and smelled amazing.  Everything was perfect.  She waited while we looked around to make sure things were satisfactory.  They were!  If we decide to hire a cleaning service again, we will definitely use them (and I'll definitely ask for Michelle).  A great experience!
5	The service was amazing. Sheila was professional, punctual, and thurough. I look forward to next month having my house Cleaned again :)
4	I had originally scheduled a cleaning for 4:00pm and around 10:00am, I received a text about how they had to reschedule and the only time available was 12:00pm that day. I was pretty annoyed because my family had things to do and didn't want to drop everything for them. After being on hold for almost 30 minutes, I was able to reschedule for the following weekend.Besides that, my experience was great. We had Beatrice and she was super professional. I'm actually considering using them again in the future!
5	Michelle did a great job cleaning my place for the next renter. She was very polite and was on time for our appointment. I will definatley be using her services in the future.
5	This was my first time using a home cleaning service and I'm glad I did. My service was great! I had Latoya. She was very detailed and used her time wisely. I'll definitely use this company again.
1	I would not book with this company, they make appointments, only to cancel them again and again. Yes, I tried to use their service, but after the THIRD cancellation, I gave up. Save yourself the trouble!
5	I had a great experience. Easy to book, they sent me an e-mail confirming and introducing me to my Mary, who was coming to clean. She was on time, very nice, and my bathrooms are cleaner than I have ever seen them. Great experience!
5	Have used other services and have not been happy so wasn't sure what to expect.  But was very pleasantly surprised.  Robin was efficient as well as very pleasant.  She did a great job.
5	Very good experience! Adonis was there before our scheduled appointment. He was super helpful, extremely polite and he did a phenomenal job! I couldn't have been happier! Thank you!
1	So here it is, I took advantage of a Groupon for thier cleaning service, and in anticipation of them doing a great job, I booked thier service for a weekly reoccuring service.. if they had worked out I would have retained that reoccuring service...Skip to the day of the cleaning, I had scheduled for 3 hours between 4-7... I recieved a text that the cleaning "professional" Teresa wanted to come by earlier (3:00), as my children get home from high school at 2 pm I advised this was fine. The website stated that the professional would clean the kitchen, livingroom, both bathrooms and all three bedrooms wihtin the three hour timeframe (which was the highest number of hours available). When Teresa was cleaning she told me that she is typically a Carpenter and not a cleaning professional, due to the Groupon they were over booked and so she took the job from the professional who typically works in the area. Teresa told me that she could only clean the living room kitchen and one bathroom and that If I wanted all the bedrooms cleaned I would need to book a 6 hour service... 6 H O U R S..  While I was happy with the cleaning in the areas (except she failed to dust anything) that she did do, I obviously cancelled my reoccuring service and will never use them again. I use the word professional because that is what I expected.. BUT not what I received...
1	Made 2 appts n waited all afternoon for them then got txts saying they cant make, not wasting anymore time on this unreliable service
1	Worse Customer Service I've experienced in awhile.  Booked a cleaning through Groupon.  The gal was 30 mins late and when she got to the 4 hour mark said, I'm sorry I did everything but the floors, my time is up.  Then when I booked it I had the option to book future cleanings.  The company texted me 2 hours before the gal showed up 1 month later to tell me she was on her way.  I called because I was not ready for this cleaning.  I was told there would be a $25 fee and I was sent an email  a week before reminding me.  I never received this email.  If they can text me 2 hours before she arrives why can't them text me a week before allowing me the option to reschedule without a fee.  The customer service rep argued with me on the phone.  I cancelled.  I hope $25 is worth loosing a customer over especially when the lost was due to the way they have their program set up.
5	Very pleased with my experience. Great communication, arrived on time, friendly and  cleaned what I requested.
1	I have since cancelled this service.  Vanessa, the first cleaner, was phenomenal. I have had 4 cleanings since, and I have been disappointed with each person sent to my house.  I shouldn't have to explain what I want cleaned in my house, the service clearly states what will be done. Each time there are whole areas missed, and 3 out of the 4 left about 30 minutes early.
4	Adonis was very professional and courteous.  He took his time and made sure he got everything done.  The service was definitely worth the amount I paid on groupon.
4	**I am writing this review for someone else, who does not have internet access**A friend of a friend seriously needed her house cleaned.  Although I offered to do it for her, many times - she didn't want to inconvenience me.  Her son bought her a package deal (not sure how many hours) and the friend is thrilled.  She asked me to write this Yelp review, on her behalf.She said (to me) that her bathroom, kitchen and walls have never looked better.  She did not want to post pictures, so she could protect her privacy.  She said she loves how her house smells and feels.  She hopes to have the house cleaner return every month.  Thank you Handy for making my friend feel comfortable and giving her a clean home.
5	I love using Handy to get my house clean! Their cleaners are very professional, always arrive a little early and make sure they finish the job to my satisfaction before leaving. And they are fast while being completely thorough. This time Beatriz cleaned my house and she was incredible. I will definitely request her in the future.I also LOVE being able to book cleanings on line - their website is really easy to use. I hate having to call and leave messages to book stuff, so this is perfect for me. One thing to know about Handy is that they automatically book you for regular appts according to your preferences saved in your account on their website. If you don't want a cleaning, you have to edit that cleaning and move it, delete it, etc. in advance. I set a calendar reminder a week in advance of a scheduled cleaning and if I don't want it or won't be home, I go into my account and push the cleaning. It's really easy but you have to remember to do it.Also they will bill your credit card for the cleaning the day before, which I personally love. I just make sure to have cash on hand to tip.
1	Lucky to even be receiving 1 star. I had an appointment for 2pm today. The professional assigned called me at maybe 1130 same day saying should couldn't come but she would find someone else who could (her name is LaToya). After about 45 min I never hard from her so I called the company because it was pretty shady. They said they had no idea she couldn't make it and that the professionals as they like to call them are supposed to call in if they cannot make it. Handy told me they would get someone else to come. About 20 minutes later they told me that the earliest someone could get out here would be on Saturday. Worst Experience ever. I just got a refund and called it a day. Not very professional at all.
5	My husband got this for me as a gift, I had never had my house cleaned by anyone before. It was the best feeling not to have to worry about cleaning on top of everything else I have going on. Marie F. was great, on time & very professional.
5	FANTASTIC first experience!  The scheduling process was very easy and our home cleaner showed up on time.  Maria J. did a GREAT job.  She was friendly, professional, and listened to our requests on what we wanted her to focus on.  My husband and I were so happy with the service.  The house looks and smells great.  The only downfall was she wasn't able to finish the whole house in the time allotted. The Groupon said 4 hours would be great for a 2,000 square foot home.  Our home is a little under, but because she was so meticulous and paid attention to detail, she didn't finish the upstairs.  I am not complaining, I just wish Groupon gave the option of a 6 (or even 8) hour cleaning instead of just 4 hours.  Otherwise, it was fantastic and I would like for her to come back in the future!
5	Just had our first cleaning experience and we are hundred percent satisfied we had a great experience Vanessa was extremely attentive and very detailed and she really cares about what she does, she was absolutely fantastic, Thank u so much!!
