3	Definitely not a place I would drive over 10 minutes to eat at, but with ingredients like seared albacore tuna*, grilled ribeye steak*, smoked gouda cheese*, and lemon herb aioli, this little salad & sandwich shop is a great choice for when you are in the area. And even though the atmosphere isn't as gourmet as it's menu it's ok, because neither is the price. I'll go back.*Item listed just to give a sampling of options. I didn't actually eat this, so if it's gross and you hate it, sorry.
5	A great find in Phoenix for fresh, gourmet salads, paninis and rice bowls.  I had the Shrimp salad with chipotle dressing, mangos and avacados and it was delicious.  It's nice to have a healthy option for lunch or dinner without having to sacrifice taste.  I can't wait to go back and try the Chicken Salad and Steak panini
5	Great find!  Was in the area visitng friends and stopped by Greenmix.  Had a BLTC (love the lemon herb aioli), and of course ate some of my friend's seared tuna salad.  So many cool looking cool things on the menu, wish I could try more.
5	I was visiting some family over thanksgiving holiday and needed something healthy to eat after gorging myself on vagina i mean vegetarian stuffing.  So I came here on Friday and had a roasted veggie salad.  It tasted really fresh and flavor was tasty without being overpowering.  So we came back on Saturday and I had a veggie Panini, again it was two thumbs up. Best Panini I have EVER had. I don't really know Phoenix too well, but this place is definitely a gem. I do wish they had a larger salad menu.  For a name like GreenMix, they would do good to have more than 1 vegetarian salad, but they will probably expand their menu in the future, I think the place just opened.
4	The sign for Mixed Greens has been up for a few weeks and I have been eagerly anticipating the first time that I could go. Right now it is in a "soft opening" period where I guess they figure out what people in south phoenix like in a salad. For today I chose to get the Mango shrimp salad. It had a number of ingredients that I am a huge fan of. It had things like mango (duh) avocado, grilled shrimp (that I think they made right then) and Parmesan cheese. I am really enjoyed my salad. The dressing was tasty (I am not good at describing flavors) and a bit spicy and I ate the whole thing! It is of course brand new and so the help was incredibly friendly. They came around a few times checking to make sure that we enjoyed the food and that everything was too our liking. My wife ordered a rice bowl and it was a bit light on the sauce so he quickly brought out more! The tables were clean and it was a very open environment. Here is the reality of this restaurant as I see it. In south phoenix we all complain a bit about the lack of choices as far as food is concerned. There are plenty of fried foods and Mexican places but nothing much after that. If you want variety and choice, supporting this place would be a great start. The food is good and the service is great. You can tell that they want to be successful by the efforts they make. If you like salad with unique flavors and awesome meats (like seared tuna, and steak) then you will probably like this place. If you don't eat here than I hope you eat dirt.
5	Food is great. Staff is fantastic. The owner John makes eveyone feel like a regular. I've tried 5 different things on the menu and my 2 favorites area the steak panini and BLTC panini.  Steak panini is the BOMB. Food is freshly prepared and presented. Not what you would expect from a "suedo" fast food restaurant.Finally a healthy alternative in South Phoenix. Keep up the good work GreenMix and don't skimp on the fresh ingredients.
5	Hidden gem warning for south Phoenicians! Healthy and great tasting food. I took my mother out for lunch here on Christmas eve and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. They currently have a small but expanding menu, but if what they have is a tell of what is to come, the signs look quite delicious. I had The Pescado , which is their seared albacore panini and it had some whooping flavour for only $7.99. My mother had the chicken rice bowl, which I must say for $5.99 had some amazing value for the amount of food you get.
4	This is a new restaurant in the neighborhood. We were hesitant at first. However, once  our salads arrived, the taste was great and the veggies on it were generous. My daughter had chicken on her salad, the chicken was an entire grilled breast, much more than expected!!!The spicy Thai salad dressing was great. We will be going back. My only suggestion would be to have more veggie options for the build it yourself salad, like cucumbers, carrots, mushrooms, etc.
3	I really wanted to love this place.  When I looked at the menu I was excited to get my food.  I was a bit disappointed.  It was something I could have easily thrown together at home with the same ingredients.
5	I just finished eating here while I waited for my husband who works nearby to get off work.  I was pleasantly surprised!  I got the C-squared panini which is well seasoned grilled chicken, bacon, greens, avocado, blue cheese and a lemon aioli.  It was delicious.  It also came with a side salad with some sort of yummy dressing (maybe a soy dressing) and that was delicious as well.  Everything looked and tasted fresh!  I will definitely be going back within the next couple days to try more of their menu.  If you are a salad/sandwich lover such as myself, then you will absolutely love this place!
5	This is a wonderful place! The atmosphere is great, the food is out of this world fresh and wonderful. Had the Asian Chicken Salad and was blown away by the presentation and the price. If you want a gourmet meal that looks good, tastes good, at a great price I highly recommend GreenMix. John the owner like Jay V. said really makes everyone feel very welcome, and one of the sweetest person's you will ever encounter. Keep up the great job!!
5	I really could not believe the quality of food for the price. I had the steak panini with gouda cheese instead of the bleu. The chipotle sauce is fantastic and the panini bread is just right, not too thick and toasted just enough to still be soft. I signed up for Yelp just to review this place. We will definitely be frequenting this place!
5	Delicious. We first stopped here and I was terrified as i hate salad places usually. I've tried all of their paninis now and love them. The one with gouda cheese is a little heavy on the gouda, which I never thought I would hear myself say. The ginger dressing they add to their side salad is delicious. I go and have to make myself try something besides the Seared Tuna.
3	Well, unfortunately, I have to down grade my first rating of GreenMix and I'll probably get in trouble from John, but maybe he or whoever is making the decisions at GreenMix will listen to me if I post this on Yelp.Please if for nothing else get some consistency and stop making my visit a wonder as to what I'll get. Sometimes I get a bread sandwich, sometimes I get a fairly sufficiently stacked sandwich. If I want a bread sandwich I will go next door and pay $5 for a bread sandwich from Subway.Also, please STOP skimping on the meats and cheese on the panini's. I mean really, paper thin chicken and shrimp that are cut in half? What is that. Again sometimes I see thick pieces of chicken but not today...paper thin. When did you start cutting the shrimp in half? And if you are going to cut them in half, at least use more then 3-4 whole shrimp. TIP: do not use fatty steak for the steak panini and don't charge me 50 cents for a side of salad dressing, it's a JOKE.Please GreenMix go back to the way things were during your soft opening. I feel like you have given me the bait and switch in order to cut cost. In a nut shell, I won't be back until you can convince me that I'm not going to pay $8 for a bread sandwich. Sorry guys, I want to be a loyal customer, but I just can't be.
3	I was out and hungry yet wanted to grab something more healthy than a diabetes double with cheese and low and behold I came across Green Mix in Phoenix they claim to offer modern salads, (whatever that means) and paninis. The cashier was a character and the Thai shrimp salad was something...beets red and green peppers shrimp hard boiled egg walnuts in more all up in your mouth....each bite was interesting enough that I will go back and try another salad or the green chicken panini
4	The homemade salad dressings make this place. The food is fresh, green, and you dont feel like you want to go confess to your priest when you are done eating.
5	This is a great place to eat. I have passed by this place several time and finally stopped in. I am so happy I did. I have to say for as great is this place is, I am surprised it isn't more busy. I got this chicken, Bacon, avocado panini that was amazing it was called the C square. They use this chibata type bread that is super soft and have this lemon herb aioli that just makes this sandwich it also comes with spinach, cherry tomatoesand blue cheese but I subed that for gouda. It comes with this what seems regular spring salad but it has this Asian dressing that just pushes your plain old spring mix salad to a whole new level. I will most definitely be going back.
5	GreenMix is by far my favorite place to go to for any kinds of salads and their panini's are amazing!You're able to customize your salad to whatever you want and their dressings for the salads are awesome. I've tried their wraps with a chipotle sauce and it's delicious. They include the perfect combination of toppings like corn, pico de gallo, black beans, and cucumbers. I recently tried their grilled chicken panini and that was WOW! They put fresh grilled chicken with gouda cheese, sliced apples and avocado...nice crisp taste. Other than their amazing food, their service is always up to par!
5	I really like this little place.  The employees are friendly, the food comes quickly and it's delicious.  The orange sesame salad dressing is sooo yummy.  I've been a few times for lunch and every time has been excellent.  They also have a frequent customer punch card so you can get some deals with that if you like coming here.The real dishes and cutlery are a nice touch too.  My favorite sandwich is the BLTC - a BLT with smoked gouda.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.
4	I like! Owners have a great personality. If you're really hungry probably not the best spot. It's a little pricy for the amount of food but the food you do receive is GREAT.
4	So as anyone can see from my reviews, this is my third review of Green Mix. I went from 5 stars when they first opened down to 3 stars because they were skimping on things.Now for an update. If I could give 4 1/2 stars I would. They have gone back to the way things were when they first opened. Better portions, fresh food & a very clean restaurant. It always makes me happy when I see restaurants take comments from Yelp and fix any problems there might be and it looks like Green Mix has done just that. Good job Green Mix you have gotten me back as a loyal customer.A couple things I would like to see implemented. Maybe some better lunch deals, sandwich's are still a bit pricey for being next to Subway. The quality of your food blows Subway away but we are in a deep recession and a $5 foot long seems more appealing. The other thing and the BIGGEST complaint I have is NO KIDS menu. When I drive by at night the place is a ghost town and it might be because families will not come to Green Mix because of the lack of a kids menu. I know for our family, with 4 kids, you will never get our night or weekend business because there is NO KIDS menu. Why not have a grilled cheese or BLT that can be put on something other then a panini.Other then that, good job getting the food portions and standards back to where they were when you first opened.
5	Ok.  This is one of those restaurants that is off of the beaten path but is soooo totally worth it!  It is in a strip mall at Baseline and 24th St in the Fry's shopping center.  When you walk in, the restaurant has a very comfortable feel.  Reviewing the menu, the entire menu reveals food that is incredibly heathy not to mention tasty.  This family owned restaurant makes you feel welcome as soon as you walk it.  I don't know about the majority of people around town, but I, for one, love to support local business in lieu of corporate chains.  What can I tell you, beside being very comfortable and friendly, the food is INCREDIBLE!!!  I had the Thai Shrimp salad which was an incredible experience of flavor.  Would I return here to eat again???  You bet I would!  In a heart beat!  Thank you for an incredible first experience!  :)
4	The Valley could use more fresh in and out options like this! While in Downtown Phoenix for a meeting this weekend, lunch hour hit and I needed a healthy meal on the run. Enter GreenMix! As I walked in, I experience a bit of menu anxiety since it was my first visit and I wasn't sure what to expect. However, the staff was friendly and once they learned I was a first timer, the guy walked me through the steps. I decided to go with a salad, so I first choice the type of greens, followed by four additions from the bowls filled with veggies and cheese. This salad would be $5.99. They also had other bowls full of avocado, eggs, etc. However, those were 75 cents extra per topping. I'm a sucker for avocado so I decided it was work the three quarters. I also ended up adding chicken which was another $2. I ended up walking away with a hefty salad and soda for under $10. It's not cheap, but worth it for a fresh salad topped with added items! I will definitely visit again and keep my finger's crossed that they will open up more locations in the Valley.
4	Went here for lunch the other day after hiking on South Mountain.  It feels like a slightly nicer Subway restaurant when you walk in, the place is very brightly decorated and cheery.  THe reason I am writing this review is for the Farm hot pressed panini.  FIrst off it's not technically a panini more like hot toasted sandwich.  I had never had a squash sandwich before, but it was really good.  The break was toasty and fresh and the vegetables were cooked perfectly.  If you are near this place for lunch stop in and have one.  The price is a bit on the high side for a sandwich shop, but it was really good.Try:- The Farm Sandwich
4	Everything was fairly yummy.  I wonder if it's a LITTLE bit overpriced though.   I paid $43 for a salad, a rice bowl, and 3 paninis. The Paninis are kinda on the small side, but the flavors really POP and the food is definitely fresh. The paninis were better on the morning after, having the leftovers.  Heated it in the micro for 30 seconds and it really brought all the flavors out better than eating the other half on the first day did.I'd skip the rice bowls though.  Nothing wowed us about that dish.  Lucky for me they are in my neighborhood, so I'll give them another visit soon.
5	Ok, I've only had one of these salads so far (Thai Shrimp) but it's ridiculously delicious!  I highly suggest this place if you want a decently sized, fresh salad.  So much better than the same ole ranch or cesar salad!
5	Had a chicken sandwich - it was nothing short of wonderful.  I wasn't expecting very much and I was blown away. A sandwich and a side salad included for $5.99, a good deal. All the flavors went together and I couldn't stop eating it! Will definitely be back.
2	Too expensive for the food you get.
2	Not blown away, but it's not terrible.Pros: very clean, nice bright decor, local and family owned. Fresh and healthy menu.Cons: VERY overpriced. They are really stingy with the portion sizes. I had to ask if the drink cup I received with my "special" was a water cup, it was that ridiculously small. The food is healthy but not at all flavorful. Note: THEY DO NOT HAVE PANINIS even though it says that on the menu, which was disappointing since that's what I wanted. I don't think the owners know what a panini is honestly. You get a toasted sandwich. I had the Green Chicken panini, which wasn't a panini at all, just a tiny toasted sandwich. It was really bland. They need to throw a little salt and some red onion on it. Something. My husband had the chicken salad wrap, which was a little tastier, but not much.If they would season the food, up the portion sizes, switch to normal sized drink cups so I'm not insulted when they hand it to me, OR lower the prices, I would probably give it a second chance. Since my husband no longer works in the area and I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, I probably won't be back.
1	I wish I could give it less stars. I went here because I was so sure I could get something that was gluten-free and dairy-free.If you have food allergies, DO NOT GO HERE. They cannot tell you what is in their salad dressings. I tried to explain that I had food allergies in a very simple way, and was refused an ingredient list. She said they did not have one and she did not know what was in their "homemade" dressings. Homemade my ass.I left. I detest Applebee's but they were much more accommodating.
3	The woman at the counter was eager to help a first-timer understand the menu and how to order, despite her thick Asian accent. I had the "Daily Special" Chicken Salad Panini (pictured), but was unimpressed.  The bread wasn't at all panini-like and probably shouldn't have been warmed for a traditionally cold salad. I may try this place again but if I do, I'll stick to some other salad --- sans the warm bun.
1	Wish I could give it NO stars. My boyfriend and I came here for 2 reasons. 1st: He has a gluten allergy and we knew we would be safe with a salad. 2nd: There was a big sign that read: $3.99 (& up) Specials Includes Fountain Drink. So, we figured it would be a cheap lunch. We were soooooo wrong. Upon ordering, I asked what the $3.99 special was, the lady said a chicken salad sandwich. Ok, great! And it includes a fountain drink (according to the advertisment)...WRONG. Fountain drinks are another $1.95. So there is no such thing as a $3.99 special that includes a fountain drink, FALSE ADVERTISING!!! I ordered the sandwich and drink and my bf ordered a build your own salad, which had lettuce, cucumber, and onions, nothing else and no dressing and a fountain drink. Total was $15.48!!!! We are assuming we will get a fair amount of food. WRONG AGAIN. My sandwich was mostly bread and didn't have any kind of side, not even a sprig of parsley for presentation, and his salad was a handful of lettuce with 4-5 slices of cucumbers and some dry onions, probably smaller than a side salad from Wendy's. Irritated already, i took 2 bites of a crappy chicken salad sandwich and low and behold a curly black hair in the middle of the chicken salad. The lady behind the counter had kinky black hair so I knew exactly where it came from, thank God! I took the sandwich back to her and she offered to make another, I told her I just wanted my money back, she gave me back the $4. So all in all we paid $11 and some change for a ridiculous excuse for a salad and 2 sodas. And still left hungry. I will NEVER go back here, I cringe just thinking about it. And I am pretty easy on restaurants, being that I was a server for 8 years, but this place is aweful. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!
2	This place is near my job. It is one of the few restaurants that I can eat at in the area, between my refusal to eat animal products and a gluten intolerance. I have eaten here over a dozen times. I agree with previous reviews that it is overpriced, but I have let that go as it is locally owned and fresh produce can add up. HOWEVER, twice a single staff member has spilled on me when cleaning up. The first time she spilled salad dressing on my lap and did not seem to realize it. She gave me a strange look when I asked for another napkin. Once she realized it she did apologize. The second time she spilled someone else's ice on my feet and purse. I got a muttered apology with no eye contact. I waited a few minutes to see if someone would do something to try to keep my business. I am a  regular and it was the second spill. No one approached me so I left. I do believe that the young woman is a nice person. She seemed embarrassed, but the staff have poor customer service skills.Also, I believe that they substitute greens without informing the customer. Once I ordered romaine and believe I got iceberg. Same thing when I ordered butter lettuce. If you want real greens ask for spinach or the mixed greens.I admire the effort to open a healthy restaurant in South Phoenix. I wish this place was managed better...
2	My partner and I live in the neighborhood and shop at Fry's several times a week.  This place has been open a 2-3 years and today was our 3rd visit.  We won't be going back.  We are both vegetarian, I ordered the veggie panini, which isn't a panini, and he ordered a 'make your own salad'.  Add two drinks and it was $20.  Just an in our last two experiences, the portions were really small.  The salad was really a side salad spread out on a big plate.  My sandwich was pretty bland, but at least I didn't walk out of the place hungry...that came 30 minutes later.  My partner left hungry.  I love the idea of this place, and I really want to support a local family business, but you can't charge $20 for lunch and have people walk out hungry.
3	I love having a healthy alternative to "fast food" in our area.  However, I do agree with some of the other reviews that for the price, the portions seems small and they are indeed stingy with the toppings.   I went with a friend and I ordered the Chicken Cobb Salad for $8.49.   It's served with a full chicken breast, but I had to search for the bacon, blue cheese, and the slivers (I'm not kidding when I say "slivers") of egg.   They have a wide selection of dressings, which if it's not the busy  the owner will let you try.   The Honey Walnut Vinaigrette is bland, but the Spicy Ponzu Vinaigrette is wonderful (an asian-inpsired sweet sesame), and I enjoyed the Herb Balsamic Vinaigrette (which I subbed on my salad for the Lemon Ranch Herb dressing).As a side note, but my husband was thrilled to see they served coke in a glass bottle!I hope the owners read these reviews and try to modify their approach to be a little more generous with their toppings.  Still, I'm thrilled to have a healthy alternative like Salads to our area in South Phoenix!!!
4	Found this while looking for a quick, healthy, and reasonably priced place to grab dinner. That's exactly what I found, the price is decent and the food was definitely geared to toward the healthy side, and there isn't much of that around that area. Salads were fresh with plenty of options to choose from. Will certainly be going back there when I'm back in Phoenix.
4	Went here seeking a tasty salad and I got what I wanted.The guy working there was super nice. I was saying I wanted the Asian Chicken salad because the idea of Panko bread crumbs sounded really good, but I also didn't want a salad with meat on it. He had me get the Happy Veggie and added Panko to that. Then when he brought it out he brought me both the dressing for the Happy Veggie and the Asian Chicken. So nice!My Happy Veggie was super tasty. They put seasonal veggies on there and they were great. I loved both dressings but the Asian Chicken salad one was my favorite.My husband tried a flatbread that involved a fried egg. He was a fan.I love a restaurant with tasty food and nice people working.
5	Both things we tried were to die for. Even bought a large container of the house dressing to take home. Fresh ingredients. Chicken cooked perfectly!
4	I was visiting a friend recently down in Arizona and wanted to grab a healthy lunch near her house.  To my surprise, there really wasn't a lot of tasty options to choose from until I stumbled upon this little gem on Yelp.  I ordered the C Square sandwich while my girlfriend got The Farm.  It was nice to see that our sandwiches both came with a side salad as well.  Both of us were in awe after taking our first bites of our sandwiches.  They were that good!  Not only that, but the side salad with the orange sesame vinaigrette dressing was superb.  We savored every bite until our plates were bone dry.  The owner, who was super friendly, even came over to chat with us and tell us about his amibtions of expanding.  Should I ever visit again, I will definitely be back here to get my fix.
4	Good steak salad.
5	We had the shrimp mango salad and blue cow with the sauce on the side! Soo yummy. Highly recommended!
4	Salads are great and the steak is awesome! But little on the pricey side.
5	Great smoked turkey panini.  Delicious lunch!
5	I love my Korean BBQ beef sandwich! The flavor is perfect, the size is enough for me. It's not too large or small. They served fast. Great place to hangout too. I would like to go back!
1	My husband and I visited this place while on vacation in AZ. We both created our own salads with romaine lettuce and other toppings. The romaine was not fresh and green as expected. The other toppings were ok but we felt as if we could have created a better salad at home. We wasted $20 at this place...will not be returning.
4	The Mango Shrimp salad was very good!  I've had it several times, so I'll have to explore other items on the menu in the future.
2	I ate a huge lunch so i decided to get a salad for dinner.  I thought it was a good decision but it wasen't. I'll tell ya why.I entered around dinner time and the place was empty.  I was the only customer the entire time.  That was a bit strange but from now on, I'll trust the rule of, if your the only one there is a reason for it and leave.So, I walked in, and held the menu for 4 minutes real time.  The guy at the counter simply looked at me silently.  Can I say "AWKWARD!"  I had no idea if it was an Asian inspired or Mediterranean type of menu.  How the heck does this place work?  I wanted a fatoosh salad but no luck so I played it safe and got a Greek salad with chicken.  I wish it would have come with some kind of bread to break up the salad texture.To make a long story short:Cons:The food was a bit plain.  I could make it for $4 from frys but who wants to cook?  Not me.  It cost almost $10 for the salad alone, to go. Small portions.No help or customer service from the guy at the counter.  I think he wanted to continue watching his laptop.  I have to say he was polite while I ordered a basic salad with a dumb look on my face.  Hey it was a long work day.Pros:The woman who was cleaning and cooking was very polite and had a spark of personality.  Too bad she appeared to be doing all the work.The store was amazingly clean, including the kitchen.  The reason for the two stars instead of one.  I love to see clean restaurants.
4	good fresh food place. i'm not a big salad eater. but the sandwich i got was amazing. try it out, the place really wasn't for me. but it's great, go see if it's for you.
4	Following rappelling, it was time for lunch.  We were looking for something light, healthy and filling....  Well, we found it at GreenMix.  Their portion sizes were huge.  The food was fresh, the staff was very friendly and expeditious in getting your food out... This is a great place to grab lunch on the go or stick around and eat in house..
4	I work nearby and don't have a lot of healthy lunch options. Good thing I have this place to go to!I love their brown rice bowls (I've had the chicken and Korean beef, both delicious). Their salads are really yummy, too, but just not substantial enough for me. However, they have been enough for my coworkers, so maybe I just have a huge appetite. I also had this chicken greek wrap as a lunch special and it had so much flavor! It's a great place for lunch and the man, who I believe is the owner, is always very friendly!
5	Love the BBQ beef!  I've tried most things on his menu and haven't found anything I disliked yet.  The entire family is friendly and helpful.  I love their dressings, though some can be too spicy for my taste.  You can customize anything however you want.  Some people complained about price and portion size, but I don't think either is out of line.  I'd much rather support a local family restaurant than a big chain.
5	Best lunch in South Phoenix! Love the Korean BBQ on rice, with Spicy Ponzu. Also the Chicken Cobb Salad on the Pita is amazing! You can tell the Owner-Manager cares about what he makes and wants you to be happy!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. It is awesome! The owners and staff are friendly and the food is fantastic!
3	Salads are delicious there jumbo shrimps go perfect on top! There unique dressings to choose from Lime infused ranch was amazing! Cons- Poor customer Service, not helpful when it comes to being undecided or asking for their recommendations
4	Live this place. Great quality food. Portions are good. Wish get were a bit bigger but good nonetheless. Prices little high. But still worth it. Love their food (:
5	Food was good! Proportions are small for a restaurant in the USA but they filled you up! The re were only two people working, I think it was the owners, so we waited about 10 min for our food but you can see them preparing the food from scratch. That to me, I would pay a little bit more money for fresh prepared food.   The place was clean! The kitchen was clean! Very friendly! I would definitely  go back again!!
2	Tried this place for the first time looking for a decent salad with spinach. I saw the high prices and thought, well maybe it will be big enough to get two meals out of it. Not so...I took it to go and could tell by the weight that it wasnt going to be worth the $9.50 I paid. The chicken was great...tasted very good and the amount of chicken was fine. But they are very stingy on the cheese and I think I had maybe 5 very thin slices of apple. I would think for the price I could get at least half an apple. Dressing was ok but could use a bit more flavor and a tad bit watery. Oh, and I really had to search for the walnuts. Again, too stingy. This place has potential becasue of the concept of healthier food in that area of town. But for lunch its too costly for the portion of the sladas. I could get a much better one at Applebees to go. Service was kind of slow but place is clean. Not sure I will try it again.
3	I went here lunch and it was good but nothing special. PROS:I liked that you can build your own salad or wrap. That is what drew me to this place. I am vegan & hate places that only offer one standard veggie option. I liked that they had a variety of greens, nuts, fruits, etc.The spinach wrap itself was delicious & fresh!CONS:The price listed on the build your own wrap is kind of a scam- all proteins are extra.No tofu, bean or other good vegan protein option.The huge paper menus that you mark your choices on seem like a waste of paper. That's a lot of garbage being generated. Plus the food for dine in is served on paper plates. More garbage created.OVERALL: The wrap was good, not great & a little pricey. I would not seek out this place but if was in the area & needed lunch i might go back.
5	Great food, friendly staff, I love the shrimp panini
4	Finally a fresh lunch option in the desert :)  I enjoy visiting/working in Phoenix, but always find it difficult to locate a place with nice salads, and this place fills the tummy.I enjoyed the fresh salad and wrap options.  They have several signature options, or you can build your own.  I went for the summer veggie salad with grilled veggies, and it was amazingly flavorful.  I also had a cup of the soup of the day (spicy chicken) and it was quite tasty and zesty.  The workers are friendly and super efficient, as the line moves quite quickly during lunch hour.
4	Amazing salad dressing made the whole salad. Not cheap but healthy, fresh and really worth it. So much better than fast food junk.
4	food was fresh and delicious and very flavorful. everything on the menu sounds great! we will definitely be back! prices are pretty good except for the fact that if you order their specialty salads, just be sure you can't get the same thing on the build your own salad menu because that is the cheaper route. we got the sweet thai chicken salad that was advertised as their special for 14 something, nothing special but it was delicious! but you could have built your own salad with chicken and same dressing and added more veg for only 10. we figured this after we got our food and was a little confused and annoyed but whatever.
5	Love this place! Healthy, delicious, no salt used, taste buds satisfied.. No joke! I thought healthy eating isn't as good as pigging out but this place.. You gotta try it!
5	Fresh Food, Amazing plain n simple. Don't be hesitant or you will miss out. I had the GreenMix Tuna Panini, nothing short of delicious. My better half had the Mexican Tuna Salad, unreal flavors. Must give this place a try, it will be a staple... (10 of 10)Thank you GreenMix, we'll be back again & again!
1	Terrible service!  Bad food! Ordered a Shrimp Caesar Salad...shrimp was bad. Paid 12.99 for the salad. I took it back to the manager and ordered a build your own with no meat and she would not refund me the difference of 6.00.  So expensive and not good food! Don't waste your money! I will never return and I will let everyone know how terrible the food and service is.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME. Went here hoping for a quick lunch. Ordered the honey walnut chicken salad to go. It took well over 10 minutes to make qhich I would have forgiven if it was actually a decent salad.First off I paid $11 for this salad. For that kind of price, you would expect aTON more than the measly snack sized salad I got. It was supposed to have spinach, get, apple slices, walnuts, and chicken. There was maybe half a handful of spinach, 3 apple slices, 2 PIECES of a walnut, not even a dusting of feta, and a small dried out piece of chicken. It was an $11 crappy side salad. I actually had to go to the place next door to order another lunch.
5	This is our go-to healthy spot! The food is always fresh and delicious, and the service is always super friendly. Can be a little pricey but it's definitely worth it. It can be more of a lunch place, so on nights and weekends there's not much of a wait.
5	Delicious food...explosive flavors a must try if ur in so. Mountain area...had the Fiesta shrimp panini and my honey had the Korean bbq panini...yum yum...please try
5	Love this very special restaurant. The spicy vegetable and chicken soup is extraordinary. Both the salads and sandwiches are excellent. Don't miss trying my favorite ginger house dressing. The owner is very friendly and the food is delicious. A regular favorite of our family who is tired of the same unhealthy options elsewhere.
5	I had the daily special with Grilled Tuna. It comes with Rice, Salad and a soup. Really good.  Staff was very nice.  A couple of regulars were coming in, and by their reactions there must be other things on the menu that are great.  I'll be back!
5	Awesome fresh salad for the price. You can make your own or have one of their creations. Same with the sandwiches. Great service too. I will keep coming back.
3	Salad snob here. I supposed it's a healthy place to eat, but it's not something I would go back to again and again. I had a Greek salad, which was okay at best. The yogurt dressing wasn't particularly flavorful, nor was the rub used on the meat. If I were on a strict diet, this place could be the one that sends me off the diet due to bad tastes.If the dressing were better and the spices on the chicken were more apt, I think it would have been a better meal.
3	I've been waiting here for half an hour. 10 minutes to order, 20 minutes to get the food. There are only 6 people in the entire place, so I thought this would be a lot faster. When I finally got the food (a spicy something chicken bowl), it tasted like a chicken bowl lost a fight to a bottle of red wine vinegar. This would be good for someone who really likes vinegar, but that's not me. All in all, not the worst, but definitely not worth the wait.
4	Can somebody say Green Chicken Panini?!!!If you are looking for s different mix of food from your usual fast food, Green Mix is definitely a place you might want to check out & try!I love healthy food to begin with, but this place takes a tastier spin on your usual sandwichwes, salads and wraps!  Did I tell you about their salad?  The dressing is to die for!Only drawback is that it does take a while to receive your food.  I suggest calling beforehand.  It does get crowded during lunch time and when it is not, they are short staffed.They give Military discounts and incentives w/a punch card.  Definitely not bad for those looking for a different & healthier alternative.  :)
