4	I stumbled across the below review a few weeks ago...had even driven by this place zillions of times, always been curious, never made it in....till today. This little place is a gem, in a most unlikely (and improving) part of town. So I came in to grab a to go dish, but found myself wandering through every isle to see what goodies they had. This is a far more extensive selection than I would have ever imagined. Lots of fresh fruits, herbs, and veggies, some leaning on the more exotic side too. Lot's of other items packed tightly along many narrow isles. I totally freaked when I saw the live kaffir lime trees for sale. Finally, I make it over to the "to go" cooler. The choices, for the most part, are pre-made, in a plastic container, ready for the microwave. I am not too impressed. I grab my selection of Nam Kao, pay, and go. I get home, and try some cold. One bite and I am absolutely stunned at how delicious this stuff is. A whole complexity of flavors splash around happily around the taste bud area. Six bucks for this plasto-container of a taste sensation, that comes with a separate offering of some type of lettuce and mint. These are strictly to go meals here, but wow, worth checking out. People of Downtown you now know. I probably would have never stopped in had it not been for Cindy's review, thanks Cindy!
4	Good spot if you're in Vegas to pick up fast Laos food.  They have a lot of food ready for you to choose from nam, larb, sauce (jel bong, jel maklen)... I always stop by here when I am in town to pick up their jerky, sausage and sticky rice.  Its delicious.  And I take a couple extra back home with me and sometimes store it in the freezer to eat later.  I also get their saku-ya-sai, with the letttuce to wrap it.  Also try their papaya salad too, they make it really good here especially if you request it spicy!!! You can also order ka piek sin or ka pun here and it'll be ready in no time. Its a little bit away from the strip(but well worth the drive), you have to take Las Vegas Blvd all the way down past the fremont area and past the 95fwy and it'll be on your left hand side in the corner.
4	Great hidden gem.  It's places like this that I would never stumble upon if it weren't for Yelp.I came here for one purpose -- to have the Khao Piek, which is the Lao version of Pho Ga (Chicken Pho), but much much, much sexier with bolder flavors.  The noodles are made of tapioca and the broth is a little thicker than Chicken Pho, probably from the noodles.  The broth has so much more flavor.  Be sure to add the chili oil, fried garlic and onions.When you walk in the store, it is really small and there are 2 small tables of 4 chairs all the way to your right.  If you just walked in, you would have no clue that you can order anything.  We asked the cashier and I had to pull up the previous Yelp review to show the cashier since I couldn't pronounce the name right.  After the Khao Piek, we shopped around a little and got some lime leaves (hard to find in most supermarkets - even spring mtn) to make Tom Yum.  We also bought a huge thing of fried onions - Yum.  My knowledge of Laos cuisine is pretty limited so next time I'll do my research and ask the cashier what else they can whip up.
5	Get your Thai Chef on with Laos Market. This little store has everything you need to explore your culinary horizons and create your own authentic Thai dishes. This family run shop has been my answer to all things Thai in my kitchen. The college age son & daughter speak perfect english and will answer any questions you may have. The curry pastes and soup bases are good, and the wide rice noodles are brought in every other day to insure freshness. There is nothing better than a fresh wide rice noodle, it makes all the difference in your phat see eew, or koy teo. I stock my kitchen with Thai chilis,  lemongrass, kaffir leaves, Thai basil, (yes, it is different than italian basil), chinese broccoli, ong choy, and Thai beef balls from this store regularly. The yellow Thai mangoes are wonderful and are just finishing up their season. They also do a limited menu out of the back & have 2 tables to eat at. I've had the som tam here and it's the stronger, Laotian style. Be careful, it's freakin HOT!, but yummy. Get some sticky rice and a can of coconut juice to cut the heat.
5	This place is awesome. I'm half Laotion and I can never find a good Laos Market where I live. I went to Vegas a few months ago and discovered this place on the first day. We kept coming here until we had to go home. The owner is super nice and reminds me a lot of my grandma. Super sweet. They even have a little room where they served us some fresh tum mak hoong and kow piek (after we asked if they had it). Everything is well priced and pretty fresh. The workers there are super nice and helpful and I will definitely be going back whenever I'm in Vegas again.
5	if your looking for anything asian, they have EVERYTHING there!!! one stop and you can get on your way back home. they even have a little place in the back where you can order great tasting food. (Papaya salad, chicken udon noodle soup, etc.) I LOVE THIS STORE!!!
5	So I am very discriminating when it comes these types of thing and this place is a two thumbs up for me. The place is clean. Everything is stocked well. The prices are reasonable and the best part is the people working there were so nice and treated me like family. It's too bad that this place is not closer to me. I agree with all the other reviews. I checked before I went and I can see why the other people liked this place. Let's support mom and pop stores like these and keep them open.
5	good Laos Thai grocery and home cook food. must go,
2	Too much fish sauce...too much spice.  I am a lover of spicy foods (trust me), but when it comes to the spice overcoming the flavor of the food it becomes a disappointment.  This sentiment also goes for the tremendous amount of fish sauce in their dishes.  When the flavor and smell of the fish sauce permeates throughout the dish, you may as well drink it.
5	Yay getting my Laos sausage
5	I totally forgot all about this store!!! I used to come here when I lived here before. I was actually looking for a DIFFERENT Lao store but couldn't find it and we had passed this one the other night on the way to Vegas StrEATS so I remembered it!! They make papaya salad there, you just have to tell the lady what you want and they have sticky rice!! Plus other prepared food like larb gai and naam in the fridge! YESSS!!! I'm so glad we went by here and I remembered it! It's closer than going to the East Side to the lao restaurant for my papaya salad needs! WOO HOO!
4	This place is located in a sketchy part of Las Vegas, but nevertheless, it's really legit. Me and my family accidentally stumbled upon this place and come every chance we're in the city. They have delicious pre-made foods like larb (ground beef salad) , salty bamboo salad (yum nomai), nem kao (kind of like a fried rice), and all kinds of sauces like cheo bong (spicy sauce.) My favorite are the homemade pork beef jerky and the fresh sausages that they make. The best thing is that they sell sticky rice - hot - in little ziploc baggies. They also sell fresh produce, snacks, drinks, frozen items, and canned/jar items. It's a mini grocery store that also sells really great food. They also have chairs and tables in the back where you can sit after asking them to warm the soups or food up for you. Just be aware of how much you're racking up, though. Although things are a reasonable $5/6 that can last you about two meals, we usually spend over $100 there. Definitely recommend going and giving them a try. They speak great english and, if you speak it, they speak laotian too! Most delicious food (other than momma'a cooking) there is out there. It's like a taste of home, smack dab in the middle of downtown Las Vegas.
5	Awesome place. You can find a real Thai- Lao food and ingredient over there. Everybody is super nice, friendly and very helpful.
5	super cool joint, went all over town looking for kaffir lime leaves, this place had them, everyone there was super nice, and helped me find what I was looking for (even know I had no idea what I was looking for looked like!)  easy to find, right off the 95.  all their vegi's looked really fresh and good.
3	This is not a review of the food.This is not a restaurant. They do have 2 tables. They will make you noodle soup. But there is no menu. They do have refrigerated items you can buy and eat there. Do not expect to order cooked food. Wanted authentic Laos food but no hot food available except noodle soup.
4	Me and my friends was starving. I decided to google and found out there was a Laos Market that sell and serve hot Lao Food. We had to make a stop. Reminded me of food at home. Everyone was really friendly. Warmed up some of the package food we bought for us so we can eat it with our food we ordered. We ordered  Pho, Kaopiek, Kaopoon, papaya Salad, Sticky rice, lao sausage, nam, aom chicken, lao beef jerky and Sakoo. We were full definitely full! Definitely come here all u asians that crave lao food in Vegas!
5	I barely leave the strip when i'm in vegas. But I have a couple of friends that live out in vegas and they recommended this place. Is like food mom cooks at home. It taste just like mom's home cook lao food. I love spicy food especially non americanize lao food. There's really not much to say about this place. I've only been here once. I rated this place a 5 star due to pricing and taste of food.
5	Love this market.lots of things to try.salad,desert, appetizerthey have two table on the side and can help heat it up.will be back again to try more things.
3	Located relatively close to the Fremont street area before the neon sign museum in a run down shopping complex with many blacked out windows. Lots of unique grocery items to make authentic Thai/loas food. I picked up some brined cassia leaves in a glass jar,  frozen yanang leaves and googled recipes for them while doing so. My parents used to make dishes from these ingredients and I'd like to try n recreate them at home. A few pre made desserts and food items at the cash register. A solid array of stinky fermented fish and shrimp products line another wall.
