1	umm..yea, all I will say is not-so-great.  For what it is, its expensive and the owner is a jerk.
3	Well, Steamers is alright. I've been told it's a little bit of a Yesteryears 2.0 (I never got to enjoy the original, but I feel like I would have) and a few of the regulars have made this their new spot - but this will definitely just be a once in a while bar for me. It's oddly laid out with multiple doorways, breaking it down into a game room (pool tables etc), more of a bar space, and then lots of tables - with 103 TVs lining the ceiling (no I didn't count, our server informed us of this). They even have TVs in the smoking area outside. The whole place was ridiculously clean, I was really quite surprised. They have karaoke on the weekends (why we were there), and although it took them a while to start calling our group's songs, it didn't seem like an unreasonable wait. Service was pretty good, our server started out a little rough around the edges but by the end of the night I think he warmed up to us. The drinks were maybe slightly more expensive than anticipated (but they did have an okay beer special), but nothing was on the weak side, and he and the rest of the bar staff catered to our odd shot requests. Other than the location, the fact that I can't wrap my head around the set-up is keeping me from really liking it. I'm sure during the day with different lighting and as more of a restaurant it probably has a completely different feeling, but for a random karaoke night - it's not too bad either (or if you need to watch twenty things at the same time).
3	I came to Steamers once before for a job, and I told myself if I ever needed to watch a game this is where I'm coming. This place is right around the corner from my house and well, lets say they have a lot of TV's. It's a sports pub, I didn't expect less. So I came here to watch the Knicks play because of an Asian American player Jeremy Lin play and I didn't receive the game at home.I ate the Philly Cheese Steak. The waiter came and asked me if I wanted tomatoes and lettuce, and I did however when they came back they didn't have tomatoes and lettuce and they brought it out on a plate instead. The tomatoes were fine, but the lettuce looked a little old. I drank a couple of beers and watched the game. The place had some pretty good 90's music and a good amount of country. My roommate who went with me ordered a burger and said it was juicy and well cooked, so I can't really comment on what his thoughts were. (However, he does have the credentials because he's a student at Johnson and Wales and works in a kitchen) After we ate our entree, we ordered the nacho supreme. It wasn't bad. the lettuce still wasn't that fresh, but the portion size was okay. At 10 every weekend they have karaoke night.Overall, if I come back here, I would just order a beer watch the game (as they had so many TV's just ask what you want to watch and they'll get your own TV) and then go home. Maybe get some nachos as it's not expensive at all. I don't know what the first reviewer was talking about with the prices were expensive. I didn't think it was expensive at all, but actually not priced badly at all.
5	Yeah that's right I'm giving steamers a 5 star review.  After the loss of Yesteryears I was in need of a new dive that was close to home and Steamers I can't believe I didn't know about you sooner.  I'm a dive bar girl and when I'm drinking I don't want anything fancy.  This place reminds me of the bar I worked at in college and I get a good vibe.  I have had great service the staff is very friendly, On my second visit the bartender already remembered my name...(and trust me I gave her no reason too the first time I visited lol)- but this place is true to what it is a neighborhood bar, serving it's regulars, tons of activities including darts, , karaoke, fooseball, as well as staples like cheap beer, and jello shots.  I know this will be my go to with the neighborhood folks from now on.  Haven't tried any food yet so I'll update once I know :)
5	Steamers is a local bar for me as I live in the area and while I don't go all the time I do enjoy a visit on a big game night.  We wanted a nice, friendly place with food where we could watch the Carolina/Duke game and Steamers was our first pick!  We arrived at game time, our orders were quickly taken and drinks arrived very quickly.The food is decent bar food.  We had the homemade chips for an appetizer and sandwiches.  There was a nice rivalry going in the bar but everyone was having fun with it.  People were friendly, staff was quick.I loved that they offer free trivia games at your table so during breaks in the game action I played a little trivia.  Overall, we had a lovely evening out and really enjoyed watching the big game in such a fun atmosphere.I can't believe any reviewer would think this place was overpriced - we had full dinner for two complete with appetizer and drinks and the bill was less than $25.00 including tip!
4	I love a good dive bar, so I was thrilled to pop my Steamers cherry for the first time last week. Speaking of a good dive bar... can we all have a moment of silence for Yesteryears please? Tear.Located just outside uptown, this is a great little local spot right off the Albemarle exit from Independence. Cool place to watch a game-- there are TVs covering every inch of this place. Plus, there's a TON of activities including karaoke, pool tables, dart boards, foosball, and arcade games.Good service. Friendly staff. Cheap drink specials. Pretty decent bar food. I may or may not have ordered two meals during my excursion there. I recommend the veggie quesadilla... and a side of fried mushrooms. Don't forget the horsie sauce!
5	The best darts bar in Charlotte. Great TVs, the wings are very good, decent (not great) draft selection, bottles are on ice.
4	If there is anything I love, it's a dive bar and though Steamer's isn't totally defined as one but it is my replacement to YesterYears.  The staff is spot on (especially Dave - Not only does he remember your name after the first visit, he hustles and provides attentive and thorough service).  The drinks are cheap and the atmosphere is fun.  The food isn't amazing... But it is a bar so you get what you would expect.  There is always a bunch of characters inside so get ready for an interesting experience.  I love Steamers and though it's a ways from my home and I won't be defined as a regular, I  will jump at the chance to have a chill night here!
3	I have been to the bar a total of 3 times and every visit has been decent.  They have great specials,cheap drinks,a gizillion tv's to watch sports on sundays.....They have a philadelphia eagles room for eagles fans!!!!!! and a steelers room for Steelers fan!!!!!!!!!!.  This place gives you a smaill town bar vibe but the people are friendly and the employees remember your names after a few visits!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	This place proves that the local sports bars are the best. Top Three Reasons You're Going to LOVE This Place:1. The energy in here is CRAZY!!! Everyone from the regulars to first timers are cheering and celebrating throughout the whole bar. First time? Don't worry the amazingly helpful staff will make you feel right at home. 2. There are TV's everywhere!!!! They line the walls and you can watch any games you want...if there's a game playing it's going to be on here. Just come prepared to cheer on your favorite team! And if you are a die hard fan, they have dedicated fan rooms...GO STEELERS!!! 3. Great drink and food specials!!! There are tons of beers on tap and on special and a great variety on the menu. My friends and I helped ourselves to some wings and fries and we were not disappointed. If you haven't been here you are definitely missing out! So grab your favorite jersey and head on over to Steamers!!!
5	I've honestly been looking for this place for the past 9 years living here in Charlotte. God bless Al Gore's internet and Yelp for this find.I consider myself a mediocre social butterfly, so if there is a better dive bar in town I really do not know of it. Big fan dives. The coziness of the interior, along with bar food selection, and drink specials are phenominal.TV's ALL OVER. You come here for football, I'd say you have a good chance of catching whatever game your looking to watch.The food is good, not gastropub quality by any means. Drink specials seem more than decent. That said, my favorite aspect to this bar- Friggin'. Eagles. Room. Love it. So yes, it would be accurate to say I'm an avid Eagles fan. This room was jampacked this past Saturday night for the Eagles loss against the Saints. (What's new, they blow it every year). But I did meet some real great people here, and we got to talk a little Eagles history. Not bad. You definitely won't find this anywhere else in the city, so if your an Eagles fan, MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!Other information:They also have a Steelers room.Eagles room is actually fairly kid friendly.
5	Steamers is by far my favorite dive bar. They have really good food and they always have a good selection of crafts beers. I usually get the French dip but it's a really good French dip. Atmosphere is super casual but the staff is super attentive. Also they have different drink specials everyday. This place is a win-win.
5	It's my favorite bar in Charlotte it's very blue collar, very relaxed. They have up'd their beer game with a wide selection of craft beers. Which I'm sure is surprising to most people when they walk in.Speaking of surprises their food is quite good as well. Their fried food my not be good for your diet but it is so yummy. Fries, sweet potato fries, buffalo chip, onion rings and chicken egg rolls just to name a few fried foods worth a try.
5	Wanted to find a new place that had good beer and every game i might want to see. Well... Excited doesn't even begin to describe me when I walked into Steamers. Sat down and found that thy have friendly staff and fellow patrons, and, pretty darn good food too. I will definitely be back!#divebar #clt
