5	Spinners is a world famous Disc Golf Shop. Owned by one of the Disc Golf Greats, Dan Ginnely. Spinners offers many collectors discs, and odd disc golf items that you would have a hard time finding online.Spinners also functions as the Pro Shop for the Vista Del Camino disc golf course.  Pick up a scorecard, snack, and head out on the course. If you throw a disc in the water, (common at Vista) your disc is likely to be found, and returned to the pro shop by a local. Discs can be reclaimed at Spinners for a couple bucks.  Or, just buy a used disc for the many water holes.  Spinners has a great selection.If you're a beginner, schedule a lesson with Dan Ginnely.  He is a fantastic teacher and player who offers reasonable prices, warm attitude, and great stories from years as a professional disc golfer.if you're a disc golfer and new to Phoenix, make Spinners your first disc golf stop . The employees will tell you everything you need to know.
4	Great family business. They were very helpful and had passion for the sport. The coarse was easy to understand. I lost a disc on hole 14 in the water.
5	Spinners is a must stop when playing Vista Del Camino. Either because you might want to pick up some new plastic or maybe (like me) you want to replace a lost disc in one of the water hazards that come into play on the course. Whatever the case may be, Spinners is a convenient place for us disc golfers who love the sport. It's located in the strip mall located near the tee pad for hole 12...just look for the flag banner with the Spinners logo. The store is quite small in size, but they pack a ton of products into the space they have. Everything from discs to apparel...baskets and bags...finding what you need shouldn't be a problem here. I enjoyed talking with Ashley about Arizona disc golfing and about the sport in general. I mentioned to him that a buddy of mine who used to live in Arizona, but now lives in So. Cal suggested I check out Spinners....told him his name and Ashley immediately knew who I was talking about. Small world!!! They also rent bikes as well for the non-golfer.
5	Awesome disc shop! This is by far the best disc golf store I have ever been to. The people are friendly and very helpful. The discs are good prices and they have a great selection. Also if you get some new discs and want to try them out they are right next to a great course with some fun and difficult water holes. Now get out there and throw a disc!
5	This is such a cool disc golf store, right next to the course at Vista del Camino. My wife and I went in "just to look around" after playing a round (just before going to the bar next door) and we were so pleased with the selection that we ended up buying 3 discs, a bunch of their excellent minis, etc.. This store also has a very high profile in sponsoring events and supporting the sport of disc golf. Another great thing they do is hold onto lost and found discs, which is important since many of the local courses have disc-eating water hazards...better yet, they even list the lost discs on their website!If you're a disc golfer visiting Phoenix, you HAVE to stop by Spinners.
5	In town on biz and wanted to rent a bike and go on a ride.  Great place.  Nice and friendly. Got a good 30 mile ride in on a surprisingly nice day in Phoenix.  Recommend you rent here if your looking for more than a cruiser.  Bike path right outside front door.
4	Used yelp coupon to rent bikes. Great deal. They are super friendly. Bike path is literally right outside their door. We rode to Tempe and had lunch, rode back. We rented the next day and ride opposite way to North Scottsdale. Great ride both days.
1	Im a first time disc golfer.  My younger brothers and i wanted to give it a try. We went to spinners and bought 7 used discs. We went to the course a block away and on the second throw my brother's disc bounced off the ground twice, rolled into a tree and broke in half when it hit the tree. I took the disc back to spinners and the owner refused to replace it or do anything. He didnt care that it broke and said, too bad it's used. It was $5. I obviously didnt care about the $5. It was the principle of getting a disc and it breaking 10min later. Had it been a week or even a day later, I understand his position. It was less than 45min since the purchase when i tried to exchange. I only asked him to swap it with an equally used disc (that he had 100s of in the store). I told him we liked  playing and there was definitely potential for my brothers and i to play regularly and buy more discs. He refused to swap out the disc still and said theres nothing i can do. He's the OWNER of course there is. He was uncompromising. Im an easy going person and never complain about anything in retail or restaurants. I SIGNED UP for YELP just to express my frustration with this guy,  and his HORRIBLE policy. He has no descretion.I don't believe this type of business should be rewarded with more business. He has a sign at the register that says he buys used discs for $2. I bought the disc for $5. Had he exchanged the disc it would have cost him $4 max for the 2 discs and he still would have profited, i would have certainly come back for more business and i would definitely not have spent my time writing this review. This is a greedy tactic and and something that i can't support. DO NOT GIVE THIS GUY YOUR MONEY!!!
5	Thanks Spinners for a great bike rental experience. Thanks Yelp reviewers for helping us find this place. We had a wonderful ride going both north and south.
3	Nice selection of used discs for a couple of beginners like us. The gentleman working the register wouldn't really teach us about the types of discs. He just kept pulling discs down from the shelf and handing them to us. I asked a few times what each disc did and how it differed in weight, flight, handling, but he was not interested in teaching. I dropped the "Yelp" discount (or was it FourSquare?) at the register, and he honored it. Used discs that we bought were $6-$9 each.
5	I hadn't gone disc golfing in quite a while, so I came in to buy some new discs and play with a friend of mine. The man at the shop was very helpful, and answered all of our questions. I ended up getting a putter, mid-range, and driver for under $30 after a discount. This is the place to go if you're looking to start playing disc golf or just need to pick up some new discs.
5	Learned on Yelp about this place for renting bikes, so we gave it a try.  Wonderful experience!!  Friendly service; comfortable and good quality bikes; and located right on the bike path.  We did as someone else mentioned, taking the Tempe Town Lake path and then had lunch.  We ate at the Depot Cantina located right where we rode into Downtown area.  Good food.  Then rode past our starting point heading to N Scottsdale.  Didn't get to the end of the trail due to 90 deg temps, but got a lot of good riding and sightseeing in.  Thank you Spinners and Yelp!!  Had a great time!
4	So friendly and such great service. This is the second time we rented bikes there. They are right on the Green Way. Rented three bikes and rode to ASU and back in an hour. Nice pleasant ride. With $10 for $20 we spent $20 in total. Not too bad for an hours worth of fun for three people.
5	What a place for buying a disc golf and gathering info for disc golf! awesome selection of discs.
3	I bought my boyfriend a $10 for $20 deal and did not realize until I read the very fine print that it was not good for product. I called and spoke with Ashley and he said he would call his boss and get back to me to see if they could do anything. He called me back a few minutes later. Seemed like he wanted to be able to let me use the deal, but his boss was not having it. He said I could contact yelp for a refund. 3 stars for Ashley's excellent customer service!Oh and btw, 10 days on the refund. Oh well.
5	Spinners is the premier disc golf location in Phoenix.   Dan Ginnelly has done an immense amount for disc golf in AZ and in general.   I have no problem paying a couple dollars more than I would on the Internet to support the local DG community and the people who've made it a great sport for the rest of us.   I wish everyone would see the BIG picture and see the benefits of buying your discs and supplies from good local folks.   Ashley joining the shop full-time has been a great addition.
5	If your looking to rent bikes in Scottsdale this is the place to go.  They don't have a ton of bikes but we only needed two we found a coupon on yelp and after 3.5 hours of use our bill came to $23.00.  They are customer service all the way.  The great thing about renting from them is they are right on the Indian bend wash trail.  It goes north and south through Scottsdale.  We went towards Tempe and rode to the college what a blast the ride is so beautiful.  If we would have rented from the other guys around town our bill would have been close to $70.00.  We will definitely be back when In town.
5	What can i say about Spinners...its my favorite store. Everybody already knows Spinners is the best place to buy a disc in Arizona. Not only do you have a store that makes me feel like a kid in a candy shop but you do so much for the disc golf community. Running, Sponsoring or just helping tournaments and leagues. Thank you so much Spinners On The Green. I would give you guys 6 stars if I could.
5	Great spot. Friendly helpful staff, great selection. Coming from Colorado I enjoyed finding a good shop that were informed about the courses in the area.
5	I went in for bike rental a couple of times now.  Ashley was great, gave great service and very friendly.  If its your first time go south towards Tempe.  The path is beautiful.
4	My friend and I rented bikes from Spinners On the Green.  What a great deal and easy access to the bike path.  We were set up on Comfort bikes that were in good condition - and also offered helmets and bike locks at no additional charge.  Be sure to bring along water and sunscreen.  After your ride, you can visit Duke's for food and refreshments.
4	Great place to rent a bike for Scottsdale Greenbelt. Their parking lot connects to trail. It is about 6 miles south from store to Tempe. Trail goes 11 miles nort. Spinners has helmets, locks, and small equipment bags. Friendly staff, good rates. We got an education on disk golf while there. Easy ride for families to Tempe for lunch.
5	Have to admit, if there's another shop in town that sells discs, I don't know about it. Honestly, even if there was I would still go to Spinner's. You know you're dealing with other people who play and understand the game.The couple of times I've been there have been outrageously helpful and the guys there are true veterans of the sport. They've been helpful, respectful, and knowledgeable without being cocky or rude. I drive from across town just to get here, and it's been worth my trip just about every time. Only once have I gone and the young man working the counter didn't know anything about the game or product. Otherwise, these guys are the best!
5	Great DISC shopI didn't buy anything this time but the guy working was amazing and answered all my questions about different discs. They have a great program for if you lose your disc at the park
5	You just cant duplicate how friendly and knowledgeable the staff is here. First off, the stock of discs in this place is amazing. Any company, any model disc or accessories you need are here. They also run a few of our local leagues and do a tremendous job at that. I couldnt thank keith enough for finding me the best set of beginner discs 3 years ago and now i play roughly everyday and am a tournament player. If you dont disc golf yet or havent in years stop by say hello and get some knowledge about whats going on with disc golf nowadays. If i could give 6 stars i would.
5	Great shop.  Helpful folks.  Lost & found service.  Really fortunate to have the shop in town!
5	I am more impressed with each visit. They have a fantastic selection of discs and accessories. They are really knowledgable folks and have a great lost and found service. It looks like they update their lost and found list daily.  They also have s bunch of used discs, which is a great way to try out a new type of plastic or get an already-beaten-in disc or even just get something cheap to throw over water.I recently played in the Trilogy Challenge and the latest Ace Race.  They put a ton of work into these events to make sure they go smoothly, and make sure everyone has a great time. They are a great resource for beginners and veterans alike.
5	I love to go there and rent bikes, very professional  and extremely nice service, their customer service is Great.   Highly recommended to rent bikes or to buy golf frisbees
5	I've been here so many times I've lost count. But I do remember the first time we tried disc golfing several years ago and actually bought our very first discs from this place. They were very helpful in showing us the basics and how get a good drive as a beginner. The have a great selection of discs. Also they manage a lost and found for discs, especially since so many discs go missing in the pond at Vista del Camino. I've recovered several of my discs because of it! You can buy cheaper discs online, but you can't put a price on the great service and knowledge they have here.
