5	The owners of El Zocalo in Chandler have ventured out of the suburbs to open up Mejico, a mid-priced Mexican restaurant located in the old Linda's on Osborn location (Osborn at 24th Street). Regarding the interior, it's night and day from what it used to be. Owner Abed designed it, and it's gorgeous. They built a stunning bar that features more bottles of tequila than any ASU student could hope to contend with on any given Saturday night. Co-owner (and Abed's wife) Pam was there to introduce herself alongside Jason, the bartender. Both were extremely nice and welcoming.Pam said that I was their first takeout order ever, and for that she threw in some free (homemade) chips and fresh guacamole and a slice of flan. The chips and guac almost ruined my dinner, because I polished off the whole thing before getting started on my main course. I ordered the Enchiladas De Camaron ($16), which is grilled shrimp enchiladas served with green tomatillo sauce, and rice and beans served on the side. They don't skimp on the shrimp at Mejico -- each enchilada was packed with four or five huge, succulent, and tender shrimp. The tomatillo sauce was light and fresh -- it let the shrimp be the star of the dish. The rice was some of the lightest rice I have had from a Mexican restaurant. It complimented my meal perfectly. You get your choice of black beans or pinto beans -- I chose the latter and am glad I did. A little smoky, the beans were fantastic. I'd go back just for a side of pinto beans.All in all, a fantastic experience from start to finish. Next time, I'll eat there. It's the perfect place to take a date for an intimate meal, and if the rest of the menu is anything like the Enchiladas de Camaron, I'll probably become a regular.Note: They don't have a website yet, but the owners stated that it would be up and running soon.
4	Nice Mexican restaurant, fresh and new.  Dinners run on the upper end of the price scale, $16 to $20 something per plate, chips and salsa not included or if they are, we were not offered any.  Wait staff were friendly and everything looked clean.  I tried the shrimp enchiladas ($16) they came with rice and you choice of pinto or black beans; they were full of large shrimp and seasoned perfectly.  Mejico is a nice addition to the neighborhood.
5	Spicy homemade modern Mexican food with really amazing sauces and salsas. The chicken enchiladas were fantastic, but if you want sweet and very spicy try the diablo shrimp.
5	Just had dinner at Mejico and was very pleased by what we had. I had the Ahi Tuna Tacos. They had the perfect balance of spice, freshness and acidity. We would definitely go back. As for the place being pricey, you have to know what you are going for. Binks is across the street and the area is very up and coming. So I'm not surprised by the little higher price tag. Was well worth it. If you have a choice between Mejico and Taco Guild, pick Mejico. We were definitely underwhelmed by Taco Guild. Cheers!
5	Queso is sooooo tasty, along with the house made chips. I also had the Pollo Relleno and it was just like my abuelas! All together it was an amazing experience and would definitely make another visit. Great service, great food and great times!
3	All in all not a bad place for lunch. The food was good but not excellent in my opinion. I had the Chile Verde burrito and although it was good I think the cilantro and onions overpowered the flavor of the the green chile.
5	The wife and I had the pleasure to dine in at Mejico this evening and we absolutely love it.Even thought there were a few little hick-ups with our order the staff did everything to make us feel at home.We loved the food, from the chips and salsa (very unique) to the main course (the Diabla Shrimps and Rellno Cheese)  plus the desert (Flan).I almost forgot to mention the awesome Margaritas Mejico serves...yum :)This is a diamond in the rough, so make sure you visit before the place gets packed.I recommend this place highly and looking forward to our next visit.Thank you Logan for your friendly service.
5	Ambiance: The owners have spent a ton of money on gutting this place and making it feel authentic, charming, and comfortable. All the tables have tablecloths and candles and the lighting, artwork, whitewashed walls, and tiles make this a cozy Mexican restaurant. Food: This was probably the best chile verde (green chile pork) dish that I have ever had. Instead of being oily like at other places, it was creamy and the pork was very tender. The carne asada was perfectly grilled. Paired with a refreshing and crisp salad and the sides of spanish rice and beans all made for nice stuffed corn tortillas. The appetizer of queso fundido was not what I expected (usually this is a large dish with melted stringy cheese), as it was a small cup of very creamy cheese sprinkle with chorizo. I guess my only suggestion would be to make the portions bigger to replace the small cups of guacamole and salsa that came with the dishes, but I am sure if you asked for more, they would provide it. Instead of huge messy plates of tons of food like you get elsewhere, here you get high quality ingredients presented in a clean and meticulous format. I definitely didn't leave hungry.Service: The 2 gentlemen working were very forthcoming and welcoming. Our server, who came from their Chandler location, was obviously very knowledgeable of the food and was very efficient and friendly. The bartender was nice enough to get us to try new drinks, which were amazing and I would never have thought to order them without him doing this. We also met the chef/owner who is a great guy who loves simple, high quality food from family recipes.The bar area looks like a quaint fun place to hang out during happy hour and it looks like they will have a patio soon. We'll be back for sure!
3	I had read about Mejico on the Chow Bella blog. I decided to give it a try. The menu is fairly small, but the overall the selection was good. There were four of us. We started with Shrimp Ceviche and Chips & Salsa. Both were very good. The Ceviche had just the right amount of citrus bite to it. The salsa had a good amount of heat without being overpowering. For dinner we had:Chili VerdeEnchiladas de RezBackyard Carne AsadaRelleno de PolloAll very well done. I did think that the black beans were pretty limited on flavor. They bordered on the bland side. In the end, the food was good. It was the prices that really limit my review here. With tip our bill was ~$125. Just seems expensive for 2 appetizers and 4 entrees. No drinks - just water.N*joy...
4	This place has the best happy hour. $1 street tacos, $5 skinny margaritas, and $2 chips and salsa. Also, during regular hours the margaritas are all fresh squeezed lime juice, great tequila, and fresh ingredients. The owner Obed takes great pride in his new place. I'm excited to have a new place within walking distance to our our house.
5	Simple menu with fresh well planned ingredients.  Chips and salsa are amazing. Try one of the margaritas with an entree . Dining room is clean, simple and authentic.  Service has been nothing but excellent.
2	We live in the area and have an easy walk to Mejico. I wanted to follow an earlier reviewer's advice about a great happy hour (Christine) but unfortunately we were extremely disappointed. We arrived on a Friday afternoon about 4 PM, on a night when Bink's across the street was closed for a private party. Mejico looked nice, we liked the vibe. But man, this is not a Happy Hour. This is a Sad Hour. What's so special about really, really miniature street tacos or a $3 cheese quesadilla that is so small it is literally only three small bites? Happy Hour is, for us, a time to experience a new place -- to get a feel for the ambiance, the menu items and so forth. For example, go to Happy Hour at Beckett's Table and you get a feel for their menu and their flavors. At Mejico, they take a tiny 6" flour tortilla, put a tiny amount of cheese in it and roll it over. It was a ripoff, and I don't say that lightly because anything you get for $3 has got to be small (so assume this is REALLY small). The special happy hour margarita was just a much smaller version of their real margarita, and so forth. Basically, we'll never go back and the owner lost out on the opportunity to get a new set of regulars. All you have to do is treat happy hour as if it is special -- and give a warm welcome. In this case, the smell of pot wafting into the front of the house from the kitchen and the glazed look on the two waiters faces was a bit much. When one of them asked how we enjoyed the food and we told them what a bad value it was, he simply smiled and walked away. This place is s short-timer, and thats a shame because mid-town is a potentially cool area and the owner spent some money on the inside.
3	The remodel they did to the building is very nice.  It is cozy and cute inside.  The service was friendly and attentive.  My wife got a margarita and it was fantastic, fresh made from scratch.  I got the beef enchiladas and they were delicious.  My wife got the green chili and it was top notch as well.  Overall, the fare was fresher and more interesting than a typical Mexican restaurant.   We loved the food but we probably won't be going back much.  It was just too expensive for what you get.  The margarita was $13.  Our bill came to just over $70 for 2 entries and 2 drinks.  There are a lot of alternatives in the area that are significantly less.  They need a few lower priced (under $10) items on the menu.  They charged $4 for chips and salsa. it's too bad they priced the food one tier above what they deliver.  It was a great experience otherwise.  My review is one star lower as a result.
2	Was really looking forward to having a new neighborhood go-to but overall left underwhelmed. There is so much potential in this place which the restaurant does not (yet) live up to. I recently dined with my family; we started off with drinks, two orders of guac and an order of street tacos. Not sure if there was any EtOH in my margarita and the pour of my mom's wine glass was rather insulting; they did accommodate and pour her a bigger glass when asked. The food is okay, nothing to write home about. I had the chicken mole which had a strong peanut butter flavor I wasn't expecting; the rice and beans to accompany your entree are rather bland. Mejico, you're over-priced for the food and for the neighborhood. $22 for a relleno with no more than a few shrimp, beans and rice? Knock a few dollars off your entrees and you'll draw a bigger crowd.
4	We had a really good meal here. I had the Shrimp Rellenos and my husband had the chicken enchiladas. Both were very good. The actual restaurant was really quaint and inviting. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was for two reasons. First,  the guacamole appetizer was tiny....I mean really small. It could easily be fixed by upsizing to a small bowl. Second, the prices were a tad high. I would pay $13-$17 for items...but pushing $23 is a bit high.  The saving grace on price would be happy hour...$1 street tacos and $3 cheese quesadillas are a steal.  Overall, great food..but pricey.
5	Delicious place ! Must try!! So cute and great service. We had the carne asada and the ceviche. Must start with the homemade chips and salsa, it was worth paying for. Flan was amazing! Will be back!!!
5	Great service, awesome $1 street tacos. The bartender was so friendly. The husband and I live nearby and decided to check it out. The queso was also really yummy.
4	Happy hour $1 tacos you can't beat that!  And omgawd get the flan it is the best I have tasted here in Arizona! !!! Soooo good
4	Great spot. After coming here for the first time I think we have now been coming back at least once a week. Great tequila selection and customer service oriented staff. Oh and the food is pretty delicious!
5	Love this place!  Carne asada is very authentic. The service is superb and the guacamole is always excellent.  It is a bit on the pricy side but they have fantastic selections for happy hour which makes it a great choice for Mexican food.  Highly recommend!
5	heard of this place from a friend of mine and he was all praises. We decided to try it and he did not steer us wrong. The food was wonder ful! There were five of us so we were able to try a variety of dishes. There was not a bad one in the bunch. From the chips and fresh salsa to the chicken enchiladas, carne asada, green chile verde etc.Forgot to mention the margaritas, Great! We will definitely be back!!
5	So.... I'm a Local Real Estate Agent, and I just closed a deal on the coolest 1950's house in this neighborhood. The buyer purchased the property to remodel it and re-sell it as an investment in a few months. I'm really excited about relisting the house when he's done and decided that part of the marketing strategy should include all of the cool restaurants, resale shops and hangouts that are in walking distance of the property! So as a good agent I set out on a mission with my partner in crime to sample the local flair.Thanks to Yelp I decided to first try Mejico and boy am I glad we did! This 15 table restaurant has everything I love... a hipster atmosphere, cool little bar area,  and a small (manageable) menu with amazing food. The only regret I have is that I was driving and couldn't enjoy one of their signature margaritas.I prefer not to say too much in reviews any more so you can judge for yourself, but if you Love this restaurant and neighborhood so much that you decide to move within walking distance too... give me a call and I'll show you what's available. EnjoySteven
4	The husband and I had a late lunch here today and it was surprisingly lovely. I was a little nervous going in because the place was just about empty. Despite this, the food was clearly fresh and tasted good. I had the carne asada torta (10$) on the the waiter/bartender's recommendation and it was very tasty. The bun was soft, the meat was tender, and it had a charred jalapeno on it (which really made the sandwich). It came with papitos (fries) which were fairly standard. The husband had carne asada tacos (9$) which came with rice and beans. He really liked the beans (I thought it was just ok, but I'm not a big bean person). My one critique is that their chips and salsa costs 4$ and the salsa isn't very spicy at all.... I would hope that for 4$ you might get at least a couple varieties of salsa. Regardless, the food was good, the service was attentive, and the prices were maybe just slightly on the high side (I did see their dinner menu which is significantly more expensive, but seems to be more on the 'fancy' side). I would like to come back here for happy hour, you can't really beat 1$ tacos and half priced apps (like the cheese dip which sounded yummy).
5	Delicioso! Awesome experience from the time we walked in the door until we left.  We were immediately greeted and escorted to a table. Drinks, appetizers were beyond amazing!  Guac and margaritas is what we had. I had the carne asada and the husband had the pollo relleno. Dessert was sopapilla!  Mike D. was our waiter and treated us like royalty!  It's a small place but great ambiance.  I really liked the intimate vibe.  The music playing was great too! Highly recommend and will come back!
4	I put off this review until they could get the kinks worked out...and thankfully, they have!  The first time we went it was right after they opened.  We weren't expecting much because of that...but what we got was even worse.  I'm not going to go into details...bad food and bad/creepy service and waaaay over-priced.  Growing pains.  But the owners were awesome.We went back again and I ordered the same thing I did the first time (ahi tacos).  Both times, sadly, the ahi was over-cooked.  We vowed never to return.  Until we did.Third try's a charm.  We ordered something completely different...salad and soup.  Much better.  The soup came in a huge bowl and it was so fresh and tasty.  The salad was big as well and equally as yummy.  And, even better, they had lowered some of their prices.  It seemed like it was over-priced for the 'hood and now is about par with Bink's across the street.I'm a fan...we'll be back for sure to try some other dishes.
4	We don't find ourselves in the likes of Central Phoenix very often, so when we ended up in the area around dinner time, the obvious question was where we should eat that we've been thinking about trying.  Mejico was fresh on the brain after a recent recommendation so off we went!  Outside is unassuming, with a small (kinda awkward) parking lot and great view of a pawn shop.  Inside looks like another world.. it's classy, subtly Mexican-inspired and intimate.  We were greeted with a friendly welcome and asked to seat ourselves wherever we were comfortable.  Unfortunately, we had just missed happy hour (ends at 6!) which was a bummer, because there look like there are good deals then.  The dinner menu is a little pricier than I'm used to for Mexican food, but it was also high quality.The chips and salsa for the table were surprisingly good.  After reading that Jennifer O found the salsa too mild, I took a big bite.  Well people, it is not mild.  I may be a spice-wimp, but it had some kick.  Smaller bites from there on out.  The chips were fresh, salty and thicker than usual.  I'm accustomed to complimentary chips and salsa before the entrees, but I'm glad we tried this appetizer anyway.  A split order of the enchiladas (the server recommended one chicken, one beef, rather than being faced with the decision between the two) sufficed for two people.  The pinto beans were a lot more flavorful than the black, which is another choice offered.  Service was attentive, and our waiter showed us the happy hour and lunch menus so we could get a feel for them.  The prices were almost half, and some of the menu items looked really good.  I'd love to return for lunch some time, or for happy hour to try one of their house-made (actually made in house, from fresh ingredients each time) margaritas.  Until then!
5	I went Thursday around noon to celebrate a birthday lunch with a group of 7 other coworkers and we all thoroughly enjoyed our experience.The service was excellent and everybody really enjoyed their food. Typically, I shy away from Mexican restaurants because I am a self-proclaimed Mexican top-chef and I can cook better Mexican food than most restaurants. This is not one of those places.I called ahead of time to let the restaurant know we would have a large party and we arrived to a table arrangement with salsa and totopos already set up. The salsa was very tasty and the chips are definitely made in-house. I ordered the carne asada torta which comes with a side of fries or "papitas" and I'm pretty sure I cleared my plate.The ambiance has very authentic Mexican hacienda charm! Definitely a hidden gem in central Phoenix. I didn't order an alcoholic beverage, but based on what I can see in the bar, they are stocked with quality tequila. I'm also a self-proclaimed tequila snob, so I was pleased to see the variety. Now I need to experience their Happy Hour!
4	It's near my shop, so I go once in a while for lunch. The shrimp and chorizo burrito is well worth stopping in for.
5	I wish there was a 6th star....Went here for lunch with some buddies on a Thursday afternoon and was bummed that the Shrimp and chili Relleno was only on the dinner menu. The bartender heard me talking about how amazing it was and volunteered the have the cooks whip it up special! ABSOLUTELY my favorite local Mexican dish and restaurant.
4	This place is great! First timers, had the shrimp relleno and it was delicious! The only complaint I have is that they charge for chips and salsa which are cheap. Other than that it was fabulous! Mejico ---- suck it up for chips and salsa. Try it!!
4	I stopped in on the way to the airport so I did not eat much. But what I did eat was good and the service was excellent. Really nice clean place that is set up very well. Hopefully I will get back here and try a full meal.
5	Went here for the first time during happy hour last week. Great prices, great quality, small plates, $1 tacos, friendly staff, great smaller neighborhood joint!
5	Awesome place, great Margaritas, most places don't know how to make them.  They have an awesome happy hour from 3-6.  The food was great.  My wife got the shrimp rilleno and it was awesome.  I got the carne asada steak.  I liked the beans and rice as well. The flavor is more true to authentic Mexican food.  Definitely will be coming back.
5	Inventive, delicious food. Not your run of the mill Mexican Cantinas.Beautiful garden patio.I ordered green chile tostada . Delicious!Not too spicy for me, perfectly flavored.Go out of your way to find this nearly hidden gem.You won't regret it.
2	When Mejico opened I was very happy to have another nice restaurant in the area.  My friend and I were able to finally get in a try the food.  We went on a week night so it was not very busy.  There were two other tables that had people eating.  We sat right down and looked at the menus.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to actually get to us which is a long time considering it was not busy.  We placed our order and got our food in a reasonable time.  The food was really underwhelming.  The flavor was just ok.  The price was terribly high for the amount of food and the taste.  There was nothing that made this food stand apart from anywhere else.  I got the enchiladas and they were around $15.  I could have gotten the exact same meal at about 10 other places in the area for about $7. I asked for sour cream because the food wasn't very flavorful.  They didn't have any???? The waiter brought out some kind of salad dressing?  Not quite sure what it was.  As for the service, our waiter was friendly but really did not take very good care of us.  We waited for everything.  Water, service...everything. All the while we could here him talking up a storm around the corner from the bar.  Our entire experience was just not good.  It is a real shame because it is very cute on the inside and inviting. I was really hoping for much more.  Disappointing.
4	This place had great food and service.
5	Mejico is phenomenal and deserving of all the praise I can heap upon it.  The service was absolutely top-notch.  The margaritas aren't the overly sweet swill you're accustomed to - the quality of the ingredients in their cocktails speak for themselves.The dinner menu contains a lot of the finer ingredients that really distinguish this from standard Mexican fare, namely cotija cheese and some of the best green chile sauce I've had in Arizona.
4	A complete turnaround since my first visit when they first opened. Everything was fresh and delicious. We had the guacamole, green and red enchiladas, and black and pinto beans (which tasted just like my moms growing up...yum!). This will definitely be in my rotation of restaurants.
