3	Second cup anyone?With a name like that, they should offer refills for free! My favorite drink to get is the mocha. Very rich and robust. But pricey! Maybe the same or more than the Starbucks next door. Anyway I was glad to have a "second" choice, since I've been drinking a lot of coffee. Other than that, it's a standard coffee shop where people hang out, meet up, and study.Tips: Free wifi. Good place to study.
3	OOH, a coffee place besides Starbucks and Tim Horton's. Rare. Second Cup has pretty good coffee--for some reason, every Starbucks I've been to in Montreal can't get coffee or tea right. I don't know how anyone can screw up tea, but they did. So thankfully, there's Second Cup.The only weird thing about Second Cup is that their bathrooms are behind some locked gate you can only get to with a key attached to a plastic LADLE. So odd.
2	I dropped in for a coffee today at Second Cup.  I prefer the medium roast (Paradiso) coffee here to the other coffee places coffee.  Yes I know, how boring?!?!  However I just wanted a good cup of coffee.Wow is the staff here packed compared to some of the other places!  They had about 4-5 people at the counter taking order after order for the lineup they had.  They were really fast and greeted me in french and english.  They were really nice, really fast to get my coffee and had me in and out of there in less than a minute. Well run show Second Cup on Sainte-Catherine Rue!
3	The coffee here is solid; it's still a chain, but I'd argue that it's better than Starbucks.  The breakfast options are a little limited.  I usually go with the yogurt parfait.  They'll toast you a bagel (from a bag) and even put cream cheese and a (microwaved) egg on it.  If you're in a rush and can't bear to wait in the long line at Starbucks, I'd recommend that you head over to Second Cup, for sure.The space itself is much more open and spacious than the Starbucks on Rue Ste.-Catherine.  The music they play here is okay (mostly adult contemporary / top 40; lots of Adele, it seems), the place is clean, and free wifi coupled with elbow room makes this a great place to work and study.
