5	!Hola meego! That's the enthusiastically friendly greeting everybody gets at this fun little Mexican restaurant. The decor matches the enthusiasm of the staff well: bright colors (even for a Mexican restaurant) are everywhere and everything intangible about this place is bouncing off the walls cheery. I guess its not a coincidence its called "The Party".They have a pretty extensive menu of all the expected classic dishes, plus many that you might not expect. I ordered the "Ceviche Mexicano" with chopped (cooked) Tilapia and shrimp in a very lively light lime sauce over tostadas with lettuce, tomatoes, avocados, onions and other good stuff like beans, rice cheese, etc. I liked it a lot. The lady had very good Burritos Suizos, which were far too big to finish. Prices were $10 or less per entree. Good fried tortilla chips with salsa were gratis.The highlight of the meal were the (Friday night special) 27 ounce Margaritas for $5.95 each. Dont bother with the math. This is by far the best Margarita deal I have ever come across in this town or any other en los Estados Unidos. No, I didn't drive home.I can't review this place without one more mention of the fact that everybody working here is just so damn nice. As our meal was winding down, no fewer than 5 staff members asked us how everything was. Any server/busser coming within 3 tables of us checked our table to see if we needed anything, every single time.La Fiesta is not fine dining. However, it is a superlative casual dining Mexican restaurant and delivers incredible value and I can't wait to go back.
1	Service sucks, food bland, too many waiters around asking if you needed anything. Sometimes too much of a good thing, isn't good.
1	Don't do it!! You will regret it.
5	I feel a moral obligation to compensate for not so hot reviews. My food wasn't bland, my service didn't suck and I certainly don't regret going here. The menu sprawls out very prodigiously and so I doubt there's anything Mexican you could possibly want that's not here (maybe lengua or menudo but I sure don't want that). I went a little more "traditional"/entry level with las enchiladas supremas and I feel like they were easily comparable to the enchiladas I've had in little, hole in the wall taquerias near where I grew up on Chicago's south side. I'd imagine the same is true for the other dishes. Also, today was $1.99 margarita day and they sure as shit didn't skimp on the booze. If I think of a two dollar margarita, I imagine a perfunctory splash of tequila and a lot of sweet sugary juice. Nope. And finally, I could tell this place was the real deal by the tortilla chips. The best Mexican restaurants, as my dad tells me every time anyone brings up Mexican food are the ones that have tortilla chips that are basically cut up, fried tortillas. While Chipotle may be the exception to that rule (although I do like Chipotle), those chips were the sign of authentic Mexican food.Anyway, above average service and really tasty food for someone who (not to brag) actually knows about real Mexican food. So remember, y'all, as Jemaine from Flight of the Conchords says, "Be more constructive with your feedback, please."
1	I do not recommend this restaurant.  They were enthusiastic when we walked in, the service was fair, and the place is cute and decorated.But the food was bad.We started with guacamole- it was the grossest I have ever had, completely overpowered with onions, yet still tasted bland.  It didn't even taste like there were avocados in there.  And it didn't get any better.  Our entrees were bland (just excess salt), the refried beans were a creepy grey color, the sopapillas were bland.  It just was not a good dinner.
4	Even on the nights with drink specials, they definitely do not skimp on the tequila in their margaritas. Every drink I've ever gotten from there has been on a little on the strong side. If you don't usually drink, you may want to ask them to go a little easy on you. For a little bit extra, you can also get top shelf tequila. Most restaurants use the cheap stuff, but La Fiesta has a large bar with many options.All of their entrees have been really good so far, but I have only sampled 1-2 things. My boyfriend always gets the same thing, their 'Burrito Loco'. It's a huge burrito with steak, chicken, cheese, refried beans, veggies, and it has cheese on top. It is a monster amount of food for a very reasonable price. All of their entrees are in the 7-8 dollar range, and you get a huge plateful of food. I always have leftovers. The staff is always very friendly. My drink never runs out and our chips and salsa are constantly being topped off. If you come in for friends for drinks, a lot of the time the manager will give a free appetizer to the table for you to snack on with your margaritas. It's not the best Mexican I've had, but all the entrees are pretty tasty and large for the price.
5	Amazing strong margaritas. Everything is super flavorful especially the ground beef. It was all perfectly seasoned. I'm shocked at the other reviews I have been to Mexican restaurants all around the country ad this place is the real deal. Good authentic Mexican with a good price with attentive service.
1	don't go here. why would you? it makes your body feel like it's been hit by a dumptruck, la fiesta will make you run to la bathroom. don't. don't. don't. (especially combo #8)
3	Three stars is OK thats what this place is. The only thing we had that had any flavor was the guacamole this is the one thing we had that was good. Nothing we had had any flavor the meat was not seasoned at all. The only thing that kind of saved the tacos was a little tabasco and some of the guac. The service was like everything else OK, had two people waiting our table, one guy took our drink order and dinner order but then we had a girl that was getting us refills on things then the guy was back with dinner, both of them were busing the table and he asked about desserts we asked for the check and he said that the girl would bring it to us. The girl was really the better of the two, so who am I tipping? So nothing bad here, but nothing good here either. Prices not bad about $35.00 for the two of us with drinks. Probably not going to be a repeat customer can do much better in C-U then this.
4	I love La Fiesta.  I think the food is delicious.  The prices are VERY reasonable. And the waitstaff is friendly and efficient.  We love that kids eat free on Sundays and they don't make it a secret....they actually tell you this when you order!
5	For all the love that Maize, Mas Amigos, and El Toro get (and I love all three), La Fiesta is the best mexican restaurant in the C-U.  We've stopped going to the others because we love this place so much.  It has the BEST prices, outstanding service, and food that is just as good as the others.  It's just not as trendy because it's in a defunct strip mall.  I'm a fan of their Burrito Loco with the cheese sauce.  Lastly, coupons are fairly easy to find online, which makes it even a better deal.
2	Our waiter was friendly, but very scatter brained. I had to flag him down for a soda refill. He forgot the side of sour cream my friend ordered. We had to ask THREE times for the bill. We were there for lunch so it was frustrating when we needed to get out of there and we couldn't get the bill.As for the food....the salsa was bland, bland, bland. No spice, no heat. The chips were good though. Not too greasy. My lunch combo came with a taco. I couldn't eat it. Hard to explain, but the ground beef tasted off. The rice was good though. The refried beans were AWFUL. They were almost runny and did not look the right color at all. The decor is nice. It seemed really clean, too. I really don't think I'll be back. Maybe I'd have a margarita there. The reviews have mentioned that they are pretty good. It could be that the waiter was having an off day. He was friendly but the lack of flavor in the food was a real disappointment.
3	good. family loves it.
4	This is a great restaurant if you want inexpensive American-Mexican food in a clean, casual environment with top-notch customer service. My boyfriend and I eat out A LOT, and we like La Fiesta for quite a few reasons. First, and this is a biggie because we're both grad students, its reasonably priced. The more expensive items on the menu will run you around $15-16, but the majority of the full entrees (including: chips/salsa starter, meat, veggies, tortillas [when appropriate], and usually some combination of rice and beans) will be about $12. Second, they have AWESOME customer service. The employees are very friendly, and are quick to fill water, chips bowl, and your orders. You are greeted with an "Hola, amigos!" and sent off with a smile; they have one waiter in particular who is really friendly and does a great job. Food comes out in less than five minutes most of the time. Usually when this happens, I'm skeptical of the quality, but Fiesta does a decent job being consistently good (not wonderful, but good...see below). The only downside is that the food isn't the "best" Mexican food in town. For that, you might want to go to Huraches Moroleon down the street, or Maize on campus. However, their food is yummy, relatively healthy (they don't douse in oil), and tastes fresh. The shrimp fajitas are great, and my boyfriend always gets the "quesadilla supreme," and is always happy with the choice. Overall, if you're in southeast urbana and hungry, this is a solid, reliable choice.
2	I would not come here again. The waiter completely forgot about us and the food was below mediocre. I got a beef burrito and it was basically all refried beans and hardly any meat. The pork was hard, tasteless and unappetizing. I suggest Dos reales for better food, service and prices!
