3	We had dinner at the sushi and depanneur. It has an awesome atmosphere. I even found matcha powder in their convenience store. Being anglophone here in Montreal can be difficult but even though they didn't have an English menu the waitress/cashier was very accommodating. She brought us tea and miso soup then a salad before our meal. I did mention that I am vegetarian and she was also very attentive to that.I'd say the food, on the other hand, was mediocre. It could be the soy sauce or making each part of the meal a little different than what we expected.
5	By far the best sushi in town!It's simple and delicious traditionsl sushi.More of a take out place.  It has only 6 small tables.
5	Have you had your foodgasm today? If not, get yourself over to this understated but superb sushi joint for ---get ready for this--- the BEST sushi in the city. This place wins in every category:As soon as you enter and are seated (if dining in), you're served a complementary toasted rice tea, followed shortly after by a small and perfect bowl of miso soup and then a wee salad with a creamy sesame dressing. That's all before you even order. To order, you simply highlight the items you want from the menu and hand it over to the masters, who whip it up for you on the spot. The sushi is PERFECTION. It's art. It's sex in your mouth. We ordered one of the combo sushi plates and then added a couple of tempura extras. The tempura sushi was divine, exactly what I've been looking for all over the city and hadn't been able to find till I got here. The staff are the friendliest people you'd ever hope to meet - our server was so exceptionally sweet from beginning to end. She told us to come in anytime, even just to chat. What a doll. Now - the name of this place might be a little off-putting if you imagine a typical dirty, disorganized Montreal depanneur with cigarettes and dusty bottles of beer, but this place couldn't be further from that. It's clean, organized and not your typical depanneur - it's more like a specialty Asian food market, with items like matcha, nori, hot sauces, mochi, and other treats. Again, the word is CLEAN. It's open, airy and a pleasant section of the restaurant to explore while waiting for your food (but you don't have to wait that long). Eating here was the kind of experience where you leave glowing, feeling better than when you arrived, full of blissful belly satisfaction and a nurturing experience. Thankfully, I live close by so I'll be going back again, and again, and again. Go see for yourself what I'm raving about. Ten stars.
