5	Recently had my sink fixed from them.  They came out quickly fixed it quickly and everything is still running great.
5	We had a major issue in our house! Watter backing up everywhere and smelly too! My Dad recommended Larkin to us. When I called they were so friendly and helpful. My dumb self had put Draino down the pipes to fix the problem . They told me that would ruin their equipment. But they were nice enough to give me advice to help us out till the morning. Our tech arrived early (by 15 minutes). I had no idea where to drain for the house was. Rick found it. And he took care of the problem in minimal time. He was quick yet efficent. He was very friendly too. He explained everything that he was doing so there was no surprises. The pricing was fair. He was also very understanding and kind to my devil dogs! A major plus in my book! Thanks again, Rick!
1	We used Larkin Plumbing years ago for a problem with our shower and were so pleased with their service.  We called them again when we had the same problem in the other shower.  Scheduling was a nightmare.  We had an appointment, waited  all afternoon to get a call that they couldn't get to us. Also, we asked them to call our cell but they kept calling our landline.When we finally got the plumber out he didn't have the part with him. My husband had described the problem. They had a record of our prior repair but didn't bother to bring the parts. So we waited for 45 minutes while the plumber went back to their office to get it.  AND we got charged for all of his time in doing so. The bill was twice was it was for the other exact same repair.Because Larkin was so horrible about scheduling, didn't pay attention to our needs and gouged us for the privilege, we will call another plumbing service the next we need one.
1	Very disappointed. Yesterday at 8:50am they scheduled my appointment and said they would call 15 minutes before. Didn't happen. I called two times throughout the day, they said I was still on the schedule. I finally called at 5:45, and told they wouldn't make it, but will tomorrow. I said I needed a morning appointment as I already wasted an entire day. So, they did as newly promised, called and came out before 9am.They quoted $139.95 per hour for a service call, in truth there is a service fee that brings it to $146.45. The plumber was an nice guy, but Larkins policy and the equipment they carry is ridiculous!  So when I called and said I had an outdoor gas leak near my pool/bbq equipment, why would your plumber int the big yellow plumbing truck not have PIPE or A THREADER on their truck?  Oh, because they will charge you $139.95 per hour to get in the truck, drive to the office, cut a pipe, thread the pipe, drive back to your home and install the pipe... REALLY??  Who does that? So a 12 in 1/2 inch pipe repair, depending on traffic both ways, which is 1 miles each way, could cost, what, upwards of $500? Use them if you think any of that makes sense!  I certainly won't!
1	They do not honor warranties in timely fashion. If you have a warranty claim they take a long time before they come and look at it. Unfortunately I can not wait that long as we need hot water.DO NOT USE LARKIN.Their staff that answered the phone were also very unfriendly.
1	Terrible. Do not honor their warranties in tim,ely fashion.
2	Nice plumber came out to fix the problem.... but when he sat down to our kitchen table to tally up the bill he started talking and talking.... seriously about a half hour and then looked at the clock when he was done talking about something totally unrelated... and charged us for that time.  So... if we had been rude and unfriendly we could have been charged less.  How annoying!
1	I called Larking plumbing a couple years ago to replace the main water supply valve in front of my house, because the valve was leaking, and  broke while trying to use it.    The larkin guy came out real quick, and took apart the valve, removing the gate, and sealing it back up. I asked him why cant he just replace the valve as I asked, and he said he would need to spend a bunch of time digging to expose valve, which would cost me 600 to 800 dollars.   So now I had a shut off valve that does not leak, but also does not function. I paid a couple hundred bucks for that. I had to call a second plumber in to hack out the valve and solder a new valve in, for a couple hundred dollars more.     I am not sure why these plumbers are such cry babies about removing a little dirt. I dug the dirt out myself, taking a whopping 6 minutes to fully expose the valve, so that the next plumber would not be a crybaby and price gouge me for getting his dainty hands dirty.
2	Came here looking for an Ameriflex angle stop washer for my toilet but they didn't have it.  I said that I purchased some about 4 years ago from here, but The person that helped me said their supplier no longer carries it.  Disappointed.  I thought this was a plumbing supply store.
5	Our water heater stopped working at 9 pm and Eli arrived after 9:30 pm he seemed to be on the level of genius and had us back in action with in about 20 minutes thank you Eli!!! Honest, professional, and knowledgeable!
4	Fast & friendly service, Eli was great!
4	No ones perfect! But these guys are good. Took longer than expected to show but once here very professional, warrantied their service, and gave receipt. Overall would definitely call them again!
