4	This is The Main Branch and for the most part my main branch due its proximity to work and the fact they have one of the closest 24hr ATMs (darn AZ Center/ASU branch for not having a 24hr ATM).  The lines here are never that long when I have to perform a non-ATM transaction and all the bankers and tellers I have encountered here have all been very friendly.  Hey Wells Fargo put up a free standing ATM around Taylor Place or the Mall/Walkway at the Journalism building.  THANK YOU!!
3	They have to be open on the saturday! at least half a day! The only reason I come to this location is because its walking distance. I think at all Wells Fargo Banks they have great customer service. But PLEASE be open on saturday!
1	I hope for the sake of a tiny minority of decent employees that the telephone "customer service" of wells fargo dealer services is outsourced to a third party. still, their fault for not  properly monitoring   This outfit stinks of a low budget bookkeeping telemarketing operation, the kind I worked for in the early 90s that we all vs up to work for one Monday morning to find the doors locked, the desks and phones gone, and so was our paychecks for work already done. The employees on the phones, processing payments, supervisors, managers, ALL have trouble understanding that the customer I s why they even have as job. I had payments applied to incorrect accounts which I sent on time, but   instead of applying to correct account, they sent back to me as a check, with no explanation or warning about the teal account showing the payments now as late. They never fixed my record of 100% ontime payments to reflect that's what happened. They took a payment out of my hank account unauthorized then refused to refund it even when the other bank manager called them. while hole they showed it as late, their phone reps called and insulted me  saying I couldn't do the math necessary to realize how being late affected my loan, actually saying this, not simply implying  it. When attempting to speak to a supervisor or manager, it became obvious the prior phone reps had misrepresented me in their notes, so the manager began talking down to me in a terrible way, saying that the phone reps yelling at me and cutting me off were behaving appropriately and I was just mad because I hadn't paid my bill and didn't like that a collector was calling me.. The pattern of talking over my sentences while trying to explain my problem with the phone reps was now clear - it is under the guide of their terrible management that these crooked shysters are lying in their notes that a customer is not cooperative whole they aren't even listening to what the customer is trying to say, and they just put whatever they want I  the notes and try to billy people into kayo g when the account is merely one payment late. yep, only in 30 day status, the due date that would make it 60 day status hasn't even come around, and this manager threatened that he was just going to have the car repo'd ! what a joke this Butthole was, since he obviously does not know a customer of 5 years with a perfect history that is about to pay off a loan is not going to get repo'd, and in fact is likely to buy a new car soon and therefore a valuable resource of potential future revenue for the bank. and they are accusing me of not being able to do the math?!?   I think maybe the entire boiler room might be either high or simply stupid. Unfugginbelievable . Time for spy techniques to uncover corporate phone numbers and get this info into the ears of someone higher up up who understands what a customer like me means to a bank smart enough to care.
1	Never received worst customer service in my life! From the phony friendly tellers to Chalise Jacobs, the Branch Manager, it was the worst banking experience of my life! I will never bank with Wells Fargo and I will avoid the downtown branch at all costs!
