1	Since this is a new consignment store I thought I would check it out.  I am open to everything and not really looking for anything in praticular.No one greeted me (no one even spoke to me the WHOLE time I was there (30 min).  The furniture was ok, over priced and sh^t that no one will buy, like grandma's old couch with birds and willows on it.  I think the store will take and sell anything just to make the store look full.  Next we move on to apparel- they have a section for purses and shoes.  The purses are pricey when you can go to TJ Maxx for the same price (like a RL bag for instance).  They also carry a horribly obvious selection of knock offs which are indicated but also way over priced.  They do have a "real" selection of designer wear such as a pair of very worn out Jimmy Choos for almost $300.  Childrens section only carries girls clothes and adults have a choice of mens or womens.  What stood out was a Merona yellow ribbed tank top for $7.  For those who do not know, Merona is a Target brand.  Will not be returning.  Over priced and cold staff
5	I came to Scottsdale AZ with very little furniture and needed to purchase quite a few items. As I drove around to get acquainted with the neighborhood, I came across The Land of Ahhs and walked in to check it out. What a great surprise when I found a great selection and such high quality. I knew what I wanted and found a few things right away. When I told the staff what I really had my heart set on, they showed me some pictures of exactly the right sofa. It was an off-white, down sofa with a slight contemporary look - mostly it was awesomely comfortable! At a price that made me smile! Since they knew what I had purchased and what additional items I needed, they called me every time a piece came in that matched my "want to haves."My dining room, living room, and even some fabulous office furniture filled the condo within a few days to 2 weeks. They delivered right away and Corey and Wendell, the delivery guys were the best. Everything was placed exactly where I wanted it and no problems at all.Since then, I have bought some other items and even have taken some of my designer shoes and clothing to be consigned. Easy, fair and the best staff in one place that I have ever met.Thank you! Try it out.
1	I had initially wanted to consign items here and had nothing but poor service and continued trouble with staff in addition to be very poor in communicating with me. I would not consign anything or buy anything here. I consign many unneeded items and have never had such poor customer service from staff and management. They are very unwilling to go extra mile for customers in addition to being rude. I am completely disappointed in my decision to choose this store. I will be consigning elsewhere and suggest others do as well!I agree with a previous reviewer staff is cold and there is junk all over store and way overpriced! Agreed! Mis-managed:(
1	Pathetic business, I sent them pics of the items I wished to cosign and they responded back that they were indeed interested and asked for my contact info. Well, never heard a word back from them. As a consumer, this should tell you something is dreadfully wrong with the company. Customer service obviously does not exist....my advice, stay far, far away from this place
1	Had driven by several times and had time to stop today.  Went inside.  There were two women behind the desk and a man stocking some shelves.First impression was they are overpriced and most of all............NO ONE SAID A WORD TO ME!!! even when I walked right by them.  I couldn't believe it.  Not even when I left!!!So in a nutshell...........there is no reason I would ever want to go back there or ever spend $$ there.  They all need a course in customer service or at least learn to greet the customer.  What about my experience would make me want to shop there ever again?  Nothing!Don't waste your time or $$.  Whatever they have there you can find in some other place that appreciates your business!!!!
1	I live in this general area and had driven by several times while the store  was preparing for their opening. Being a self proclaimed "Thrift Store Wh*re", I was quite excited that it was so close to my neighborhood.One day I passed the store and there were garment racks outside by the front door and a cute little chair on display like most stores like this have out to entice the customers. I pulled into the parking lot and walked inside the store. After browsing for a few minutes a woman walked up to me and rudely said something to the effect of,"What are you doing here? We are NOT open for business!!!"I apologized and mentioned that the door was open and the display was outside, so I just assumed."Well we are trying to get our inventory ready!!" she snapped at me.I figured that I caught her on a stressful day, apologized and left.A few weeks later when the store really did appear open, I went back to give them a 2nd shot. After browsing at all of the over priced, used items, I came across a display of reading glasses with rhinestones on them. I had purchased these exact reading glasses from the same designer at RazMaTaz (for only $19)."Those are cute glasses arent they?"The salesperson asked me."Yes, but how much are they?" I asked, I didnt see a price tag."$40" she told me."Ohhhh," I said, "I buy these exact glasses at Razmataz for only $19"So, she snapped, "Well, why dont you go to RazMaTaz then?"I looked at her like, "Are we in 2nd grade here?"...then left.I cant say that I have ever thought about giving this place of rude staff a 3rd try!
2	I have been frequenting about 10 consignment stores in Scottsdale.  I am furnishing a house and looking for quality furniture and home goods at a decent price.  This place is one of my least favorite.  They are so overpriced it's crazy!  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is that they do have new 1,500 threadcount sheets for $99.  That's the only reason to visit this store.
1	I have been shopping all over the valley for furniture for a cabin, and stopped in here to check it out. I was astonished at the prices. I was at a furniture store yesterday near Scottsdale/Mayo and was very interested in a coffee table there for $599. Walked into Land of Aahs today and spotted the IDENTICAL table. I just to be sure, I compared the table to the pic I snapped yesterday at the other store. Land of Aahs had the table priced at $999!! Almost double of what it costs new just a few miles away! So, unless you like to pay a nearly 200% markup for used furniture, I would steer clear.
5	cool stuff
3	Say, you have a budget of $10,000 and you didn't want to pay full price for some pricey furniture.  Where would you shop?  Land of Ahhs would be one of my first stops!Land of Ahhs is one of those cool consignment places that have popped up here in the Valley.  For the most part, the prices are really good. The consignments are mostly furniture and at the high end of the quality scale (see photos).  It's a great place to come & browse.  Who knows, maybe you to can find something in your budget.Enjoy!
3	Initially, this was a favorite stop on my Scottsdale consignment store foraging route. I purchased a chair fresh off the truck in there about two years ago. I liked the vibe of the store and the items were displayed attractively. Subsequent visits have not been successful. I have noticed habitual overpricing, as other reviews have pointed out. Generally I am not acknowledged while shopping. I have noticed in particular, that a couple of the guys that work there moving furnishings (shipping/receiving/driving?) are spectacularly rude. One of them damn near ran me over in the parking lot one day in his personal car--must have been late for work. This combination of not finding affordable treasures (the whole joy of consignment shopping) and the lack of a welcoming atmosphere has led me to keep on driving when I pass by. "Land of Ahhs" now seems more Wicked Witch than Dorothy.
2	I love a bargain, but this store is SO pricey, I was surprised.  The merchandise would be considered expensive for new, in my opinion.  Don't get me wrong, it's a nice store but the prices drove me out the door within minutes of walking in.  Sorry, but this Land, is not my Land.
1	This will be my first review on Yelp.  Never thought about writing a review before...  But I had such a lousy customer experience at Land of Ahhs on Raintree Drive in Scottsdale that I can't keep quiet.   My advice to anyone thinking about consigning or purchasing via Land of Ahhs: Read this first.  My post is long, but I am writing about this in specific detail because I don't want anyone else to have the same experience we did.On Thursday, February 28th of this year, I purchased a lovely cabinet.  There was nothing on the price tag that indicated "as is." It was missing the glass shelves, but I was told by the staff that the lady who owned the cabinet would probably be able to track them down.  If the shelves were located I could come in to pick them up as soon as they were delivered to the store.That evening, I brought my husband back to the store to load the cabinet up on to our truck.  I was so excited to take it home.  Once we got the new furniture into place my husband pointed out that the electrical plug for the display lighting was not the standard American type. On Saturday, March 2, my husband and I stopped by the store to ask about the status of the shelves and to talk to the staff about the unusual wall plug. They had no word yet on the glass and the young lady that I spoke to asked me to send them a picture of the plug, which I did on Sunday, March 3.On Thursday, March 7, I received a phone call. I was told that cabinet's previous owner could not locate the glass shelves.  I then asked about what they were going to do about the plug. She had no resolution for me at that time.Because two things were wrong with a cabinet that was not sold "as is" I asked about receiving some sort of discount. I was told that they would not discount the cabinet and that I could return it and they could sell it again--at the same price. I said that returning it was not an option.  I really DO like the cabinet. But I still wanted resolution on the plug. I also asked for a coupon for a discount on a future purchase.  Seemed reasonable to me considering... I was told that they would get back to me on both issues.Nine days later still no phone call on the two outstanding items, so on Saturday, March 16 my husband and I stopped by the store to ask about what they had decided to do about the plug. The lady that I talked to appeared to know nothing about it. She took notes and said that she'd have someone get back to me.Seven additional days later and no phone call with any sort of resolution!!!  So on Saturday, March 23, my husband and I stopped by AGAIN.  I asked about the status of the cabinet but I was getting only excuses by the staff. Then someone who appeared to be the manager walked up to us. Once she learned why I was there she reminded me that she had told me the shelves could not be found. I replied that I was NOT there about the shelves, but to find out where we were on resolving the electric plug problem and about getting a discount on a future purchase.  Her reply was that she already told me I could return the unit.  OMG.  Is that really the response you want to give a customer who is already a bit annoyed???  Okay, A LOT annoyed. How about  this response instead: "We are so sorry that we haven't taken care of your issues and what can we do to make sure we resolve this right now?" This was the straw that broke the camel's back. At this point, enough was enough.  I decided I was done getting the runaround so my husband and I left the store, but not before telling them I was going to tell my story on Yelp.And this is the really ironic part. I guess they worried that I would post my story on Yelp because within five minutes of walking out of the store, I finally got the call and resolution that I had been wanting from them for ALMOST A MONTH! On my voice mail I got this message: "We will give you the name and phone number of our electrical guy and you can set up an appointment with him so that he can splice the power cord in order to attach a standard American plug." But you know what? After all the rude service and the run around and excuses, it was too late. We ordered the glass shelves ourselves (it cost us an additional $200) and we had our own electrical contractor handle the lighting problem. And about that discount coupon? I wouldn't want one because we won't be back.
2	I was ready to buy three rooms full of furniture from the Land of Ahhs. However, I was never able to get a response from them by phone or e-mail. We went there in person several times, and a very nice young lady who I will call Tammy (not her real name) was there all alone with her dog. I think Tammy tried her best, and God bless her for taking care of that dog, who growled menacingly at my husband; but we could get almost no information on a number of the things we were interested in. Questions like: "How much does that cost?" were apparently too complicated to be readily answered. Because Tammy was all alone, which I am sure is not her fault, a reasonable level of customer service was out of the question. I began to wonder: Do they want our money? Is this really a business? Finally, we settled on some pieces, but could never find out what the price was on the companion pieces that were critical to putting the whole thing together. Then we went to Lost & Found Furniture Consignment. The lady there was fun, friendly, interested in what we wanted, offered us a refreshment, and knew her inventory cold. Prices were not a closely guarded secret. We could buy anything we could point to. Airpark Consignment was also delightful. At that point I realized that the Land of Aws (as I came to think of it) was the Bermuda Triangle of Furniture Consignment Stores in Scottsdale. After reading a few scathing Yelp reviews by other dissatisfied customers, I realized it was best for us to call the whole thing off. Breaking up was easy, because they rarely answer the phone. I left a message. But I never did find out how much they wanted for those four chairs and that side table. It was a surreal experience to try to do business with an establishment that seemed to have little interest in selling us anything. The two stars are for Tammy and her dog.
