4	Fresh noodles, dumplings and wontons= yummy lunch.  This place is the restaurant front of a real noodle factory so you know their noodles have to be good- and they are!  We ordered the shanghai noodles with chicken, along with a big bowl of spicy pork w/ noodles & slivers of cucumber.  We also got 2 different types of dumplings- peking ravioli lightly fried, steamed smaller dumplings w/ a peanut sauce, and 2 types of dim sum (har gao shrimp dumplings and pork shumai).  Great value- large portions for under $10 per dish, the dim sum was under $4 each. I was starving so I would have eaten anything, but the food here is great!  Very small- only about 6-8 tables with an open kitchen.  The location on the edge of Chinatown is convenient- near the Place de Armes metro stop.  This place is cash only so make sure you have some on hand to pay the bill!
4	Very fresh tasty and good noodles and dumplings. Can't beat the price for such a good meal. Nothing fancy. No alcohol
3	I was not impressed. Had much better chinese noodle soup. Maybe I ordered the wrong item, I may give it another chance. Friend had wonton on peanut sauce, that was pretty tasty. Overall cost performance was not bad, hence, 3 stars.
4	Cool sliding door - transparent CHINESE kitchen for all to see and Fresh dumplings.  What's not to like about this unique place.There's lots of choice of it but I really liked the vegetarian dumplings.  Wonton, vegetables and beef noodles were all delicious.  Everything comes out quick and of course the price is more than right.  Service is awesome and because you can see everything that's going on in the kitchen, it migt possibly be the cleanest chinese restaurant I've ever been to.
3	I can see why the owner was all smiles. This place is a money making machine! 15-20 minute wait for a table. Fresh noodles and dumplings. All very tasty! Open kitchen. Like my friend pointed out, this is no Top Chef but it definitely hits the spot when you're craving dumplings!
4	The Zhao Jiang Noodles (chinese spagetti) is amazing!  I go there mostly for that.  Always a lot of people there.  Thank you you (seriously, listen to the guy).
4	pretty good noodles, affordable cantonese family that i never had.family owned. mom works the register, runs food, and cooks. thinking of hollering at her daughter. you know, help out the fam.the son is actually the star of the restaurant, had a line of skinny boys out the door trying to get his number. i must admit, he's a hottie~~!
4	hand made noodles. fast. great service. open kitchen. Need i to say more?There was a line up when we got there, but it moves pretty fast (approximately 10 mins wait). As soon as the server sees you there waiting, he offers you a glass of water.Staff is extremely friendly and nice. Service is really fast. Even faster when you speak chinese to them.My boyfriend and I had ordered the soup dumplings, sweet and sour veggie pork noodle and a beef noodle. The soup dumplings were good, as they are made on the spot. The veggie pork handmade noodle was really good. The beef noodle, not so much.They are definitely known more for their handmade noodles. Will be returning the next time I'm in town to try the spicy noodle and shanghai noodle everyone is raving about!
4	I had the general thao chicken and some fried rice and it was very good
2	Cheap food, but most of the dishes I've tried are way too greasy and that ruins it for me.  I would go there all the time if every dish I ordered wasn't swimming in oil.  Even at that price there is better in Chinatown.  It doesn't matter if the noodles are homemade if you're mostly just slurping oily sauce while eating them.The peanut dumplings are pretty good!
5	Amazing!!! lineup outside. great dumplings..... great noodles... definitely going back!Fast service..... and i mean fast. My friend and I were in and out of there in less than 1 hour. Noodles and dumplings are handmade. Taste amazing! open kitchen shows a very clean environment and fresh food. My friend and i both had the pork and shrimp dumplings as an appetizer. Delicious! and only 2.75$.Next I had the noodles with spicy pork and vegetables.... not very spicy (actually quite mild) but very tasty. Will definitely order again. Only 6.95$Only downfall is space. it is a small restaurant so there is usually a lineup. Goes quick but you might end up sitting next to someone else because the tables are extremely close. I didn't mind it but others might.Be careful.... Cash only.
5	Just a heads up..... if you're an attractive woman going to eat with girlfriends beware. The man serving the food can be very touchy. Its nothing bad but just be aware that it can happen.To me its just a side note considering the food is soooo good.My favourites are still #7 and #20
4	You know, every once in a while, I am pleasently surprised.  I like food... and I like Chinese food the best.  I may not be Chinese, but I know what has good flavour and what does not.  My wife and I thought we would try this place out on a recent trip to Montreal.  Glad we did.  Nothing I ate was greasy - including the crispy rolls. Was the service the best?  Was the place kind of cramped?  Would I have preferred my soft drink in a big glass rather than a can?  Yeah, I guess those things could be improved, but for my my money, this place has some really great tasting food.  PS: Cash only - not a big deal because there is a CIBC and HSBC only seconds away, but it was not obvious to me on the web site.
4	mmmmmmmmmmmmm.  Small.  Always lined up and for good reason.  Great food.  Great prices.  I need say no more.
1	So not worth walking 1 mile to this joint from my hotel!I ordered a bowl of shrimp soup noodles and asked them to add some wontons and charge me extra. The noodles were too soft.  You can just swallow them without using your teeth! Wontons were small and a few.  So were the shrimp. At least there was plenty of vegetables.  The price tag: CAN$10.52 with all the taxes.  I can do a lot better in my own neighborhood.
4	Small cozy place, owner is a superb guy and the service is great. Food was alright, I've been there only once so I cannot say a whole lot, but the noodles were indeed made by hand which tasted great. In addition, dishes are very economical so don't expect it to be so high-end, just enjoy.
5	I was staying near the Palais de Congress for a conference and needed somewhere to eat that was cheap and convenient. I found this place on Yelp the first night, and we returned every night for 3 nights. The food is good, it's incredibly cheap, the service is fast and friendly...it just can't be beat, and believe me we tried. #30 the Stir fried Singapore style noodles were my absolute favorite (spicy but delicious). Also good were the stir fried hand made noodles, steamed Chinese dumplings, and crispy spring onion pancakes. Next time I'm in Montreal I will definitely be swinging by this place again.
5	Go there at least once a week!The food is amazing and fresh.Service is fast and always with a smile at any time of the day! The family that runs the place is very accommodating, welcoming and friendly.
5	Fast and courteous service, delicious food. If you're looking for fast, delicious Chinese in Montreal, this is where you want to go.
4	We got to Montreal at night and were very hungry! I wanted to have noodle soup at that time bcoz it was cold though I'm not a fan of Chinese food. But I was glad to be there and appreciated for their warm welcome with nice service!!During the meal, the waiter came to ask me for filling the soup that i was almost finshing it (as I said I was very cold) I never got asking from any chinese restaurants before. That made me surprised and impressed. I tried to get cold water by myself bcoz it was close to the table (we got tea already) I didnt want to bother them. The older waiter saw me, he stopped me!! and told me to let him fill up ice for us first. Nice! They kept checking us and smiled all the time though with other customers. After done, I asked for a container to pack the left over bcoz the dishes were large. I thought they would give a container same as usual when we ask in most of chinese restaurants...but he said he would do it for me.All aboved, if you dont mind about decoration much, here is another place to fill your energy, reasonable price, nice service and good for take-out! They made me enjoy Chinese Food much!
4	This is a no-frills Asian noodle (and rice) restaurant, but I'm a fan. First, I'm impressed with the service. I've only been for take out, but was treated very well. They let you sit at a table by the counter while you peruse the menu. The first time I was given a glass of water while I waited, and the second time (when it was very cold out) I was given free hot tea, including a refill when I gratefully finished my first cup! The food comes out within a few minutes.And the food is good. I've had a couple starters and two noodle dishes. The crispy spring onion pancakes (#5) were delicious! There are two in an order and I tried saving the second for my lunch the next day, but I couldn't; I had to tear into it right away. The noodle dishes were good, but not great. I liked the Cantonese chow mein a bit more than the Shanghai style noodles. Both could have used some hot sauce, which I have to remember to ask for next time. For $8-$10 the noodle dishes are BIG and could serve for two meals (which I did) or for sharing.The menu is light on description, but has lots of pictures, which I find to be helpful in this case. There are a few tables in here for those wishing to dine in.CASH ONLY!
4	I was at a technical show at the Palais de Congres in Montreal (first visit here!), and looking at a map I saw how close I was to Chinatown!  I picked noodle factory and was not disappointed.  My only regret is that I was there by myself so I couldn't order lots of different things to try out as I would have if I was with a larger group.  As it was a cooler day, I ended up going with the zha jiang mian and it was great!  Savory, noodles cooked perfectly, and just the right ratio of sauce:noodles.  I'm thinking about going back another time for the dumplings!Cash only, but there is a bank/atm just next door.
4	One of my friend's boyfriend works in the Old Port and he loves this place for a quick meal before going back to work. After going to the movies, he offered we go there for a late snack. Even though this place is called the Noodle Factory, he says their specialty is dumplings. We ordered three kinds and "shared": steamed seafood (my choice), steamed vegetables (my friend's) and steamed pork with peanut butter sauce (her boyfriend's). The plates and the dumplings were huge. I think there were at least 8 dumplings per plate. I couldn't eat them all. Of course, I prefered the seafood, but the pork with the peanut butter sauce were quite good too. I didn't like the vegetable ones, but that's okay. My friend really wanted to eat something healthy.   Also, they did a "last call" before closing the kitchen, which was around 10:30 or 11PM. Don't get in after. Even if there are customers, they won't serve you. Price: $25 for the three of us. On average, I think the dumplings were about $7 each, which is a good price.
4	No fuss, quality homemade noodles and dumplings. Quick and easy, cheap and delicious. I started with 4 shrimp & pork dumplings, which were quite good. The accompanying sauce was good, too. Then I had noodle and dumpling soup (broth wasn't very tasty - fixed this with hot sauce), which contained ALOT of noodles, green onions, cabbage and 6 delicious, fresh pork dumplings. All this for the modest price of 10.50 tax included. Seriously, it's worth it.
5	Amazingly friendly services. Fast and delicious. Was a freezing day and the minute I sat down they welcomed me with tea and soup. Amazing food and huge plates!!!
3	I have no idea why I haven't seen this place before, but I'm pretty glad I did! Another handmade noodle and dumpling joint in Montreal! It was about 7:45pm when I go there it was still quite busy, so I decided to take my order to go. I will have to come back for a dine-in experience.I got a spicy handmade noodle soup and the soup was tasty, noodles were good, but I suspect they would have been much better had I eaten them straight away and the spicy was not a kick-in-the-face spicy but something that warmed the soul. The prices are super and portions were big, I split my meal in two! Oh and service! I asked how long it might take and he said less than a minute, and I'd say that I got everything in 2 minutes (1 minute and 25 seconds to pack it and take my money!) Looking forward to my second visit!
4	I was looking for a place for some good General Tao later in the evening. I did a quick window shopping tour and then happily found this place which seemed more busy than some at that hour. It has a cool sliding door, which leads to a few steps up to the main door. You have to push this door mightily - there's even a sign that says "push hard". Across the top of the open kitchen, where photos of about a dozen dishes. One of them was General Tao for $9.95 (including taxes - cash only). The server was kind enough to seat me and serve a cup of Chinese tea while waiting for my order, which came out steaming hot in a short time. Of course I had to try a piece fresh and almost burnt my lips. I had to blow on it to get it down safely. Had excellent taste and spice. Forgot to ask for no MSG, but didn't seem to be much if any? Only downside was (fairly common with this dish) a few overly chewy bits that you have to put aside.
4	After eating below-par sushi at the Palais de Congres for lunch the day before, I decided to venture out into the cold for some better food. This place was fast, relatively inexpensive, and pretty good.I got the Shrimp Dumplings (#3) and the Xiao Long Bao (Pork Dumplings #13) for lunch which was $11 and change. My food was ready in a little over 5 minutes. Both dumplings were good, my only complaint was that the skin was a little bit on the thicker side on both of them. The filling in both of them were flavorful. On the pork dumplings, there was not much soup inside them (I'm used to more broth / soup inside).All in all, a good lunch place if you're around the Palais de Congres - it's only 1.5 blocks away. Cash only, and a very small space - it gets crowded for lunch but the food comes quickly.
4	Really good pork dumplings. I have tried a few before from a different restaurants and this one is good as it gets. Not to mention its cheap too. The shrimp was good as well and it was my first time tasting it. Service here is fast and the place is simple but has a nice atmosphere.
3	I'm a Chinese from NYC.Don't expect too much from the restaurants in the china town here. Food were "okay", service was great.
4	So many Chinese/Viet restaurants in Montreal's Chinatown ,but this hole in the wall is something special.PAN FRIED PORK DUMPLING - The STAR dish of this restaurant here! Excellent flavor with a thick fried skin. Pair that with a sweet dumpling sauce and it's such a cheap dish for a meal.Onion Pancake - I think the menu had called it a crepe and it's not your typical scallion pancake you're used to. They almost look like crepes stacked and fried on top of each other so you get a nice thick crunch biting into them.Pork Soup Dumplings #13 - aka Xiao Long Bao (not formally called that on their menu). Unfortunately I have to compare coming from NY where there's places that out perform this quality. You get 9 pieces but they're small and not filled with enough soup as I'm used to. They stick together in the steam container and the skin is thin. When you try to peel a piece it ends up ripping the skin and spilling the soup out. Overall it's very picky of me, but the flavor of the pork is still there at least.Service is super friendly too. Well worth a visit and don't forget, CASH ONLY!
4	Went here on a whim because of some Chinese food cravings. It's a really small place so if you want to come, come early. The food is actually really good! We ordered everything to have less salt, and all the dishes that came out still had lots of flavour, without the super saltiness. Beef rice noodle was my favourite, followed my Singapore style fried noodle, then the handmade stir fry noodles with beef. Caution about the Singapore style fried noodle though - when you order it less salt, there is also significantly less curry and spices added to it. We also ordered the steamed soup dumplings but they were only so-so. The staff were friendly and food literally flew out of the kitchen. Make sure you bring cash though - it's the only method of payment they accept. I actually really liked this place and would definitely come again.
4	Best noodles!They are homemade, and they taste it. It makes a heck of a difference. Have any of the wide selection and you won't be disappointed. Prices are also very reasonable.A bit crowded tho, so expect to wait a bit, and not be able to hang out too long after your meal
4	A friend just introduced me to this place over the summer. This is a great place to go if you are in the area and hungry for noodles. Inexpensive check. Yummy food check. Quick service check. However the staff is so quick, it feels like they are trying to shove you out the door before your food is served. If you're in need of a fast lunch this is the place to go.
3	I used to love this place, now I consider it a cheap, quick meal in Chinatown. 1. The noodle table is hardly used now for the noodle "master" to make noodles. It is only another kitchen counter. 2. I thought they cooked everything there (the kitchen right next to the dining room, behind the glass), but they actually have 3-4 more people cooking downstairs in a sort of secret kitchen (no wonder meals are ready so quickly!), so the only thing they do in the upstairs kitchen is mix stuff in the wok. I only came to realize this once the window was open during a "canicule" this summer (yeap, poor people who work downstairs). 3. I have been there at leat 30 times in the last 5 years and quality is consistently declining.On the bright side I can say that I really like the owner and one of the waiters. They are always nice to me, so service is great (most of the time) but food? meh...
4	I love the people working there, so sweet! We even got a soup on the house. They made a mistake with our order (put beef instead of chicken - so maybe be careful to double check your order) but the food was great, very tasty, and with the limited options for tasty authentic asian food in Montreal (at least compared to Markham where I'm originally from) I'm always happy to find another good restaurant to add to my list of options.
4	Do you love noodle factory? Your answer is YES? Than Noodle factory is for you.I can say that I know lot of Montreal's Chinatown restaurants. These bistros, restaurants etc are not fancy though, which is good to enjoy their cultural food. But sometime, I can't really get what I want.From all of them (considering only Chinatown), I love just one - Noodle factory - noodles, dumplings etc at great price in cosy familiar environment served on your table.
3	Some things are delicious, others not bad at this tiny friendly hole in the wall in Chinatown. First and foremost though the staff are super nice here. Everyone always seems happy and well fed. A solid lunch spot with big portions and yummy classics like the peanut dumplings, imperial rolls, but I'd say avoid the noodle soups. For me at least on a recent trip the noodles were a bit soggy and the noodle to soup ratio was out of control. Noodle overload at the noodle factory. I'll be back though, it's one of those places.
