5	I love so-called Mongolian BBQ but haven't had it in years. During the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, someone setup a Mongolian BBQ restaurant for the month and I think we ate there every night.To be clear, the Mongolian BBQ concept we know isn't really authentic to Mongolia. It's a pretty Westernized concept. That being said, it's still good. In a weeklong trip to my old hometown of Madison, we checked out the bd's Mongolian Grill at East Towne. It's a franchise location with restaurants in 11 states, according to its Web site. We had a group of five - all Mongolian BBQ virgins - including a six year old. It was a big hit.The thing that stood out above everything was the high level of customer service and training level of the staff - from the host to waiter to cooks. It was a great team environment with lots of energy. If you're new to the process of stacking food in a bowl and having someone else cook it, it can be daunting. The staff does a good job of working you through the system.Dinner was pretty good value - about $12 for a bowl with rice, a buck more for a salad. And you can go unlimited for another buck. I think our son threw a pound of New York strip into his bowl. I stacked mine with prime rib, shrimp and scallops. It was quick, fun, and healthier than our stop at nearby Old Country Buffet two nights earlier.Even the six year old had fun watching the process and learning how to use her kids chopsticks.This is a really good franchise operation! We'll be back on another trip.
1	This is what I wold call heavy American flavor Mongolian food. Buffalo wing sauce? Fajitas sauce? Wrong.The service is good till you get to the grill where it is all about showman ship and not about accuracy. Not only was there at least one order messed up every time I went to the grill, I was victim of the sloppiness they call service.Within a few hours of leaving this place both my fiancee and I started to feel sick to our stomachs and for the next day both had a case of food poisoning. I would not even recommend this place to my own mother much less a stranger. STAY AWAY.... STAY VERY FAR AWAY from this place.
1	Food was fine--build your own, but service was terrible. We didn't get silverware (thankfully we found chopsticks up at the grille). No napkins at our booth and they really cheaped out with a single small serving of white rice for the two us. $12.99 each is just simply overpriced for poor service.
5	I've been to BDs twice.  It's a bit overpriced, I will give it that, but the food is pretty good.  Not to mention there are plenty of choices for everyone.  They have many meat choices.  They have seafood choices.  And they have tofu for those non-meat eating people...no comment.  BD's provides a lot of sauce and spice choices too.  Your food can be pretty flavorful by the end of the whole process.  The grillers are a bit slow.  They tend to dance/show off their "skills," which is rather annoying when you're really hungry.  Overall, it's a pretty awesome restaurant with choices for everyone in the family.
1	Don't go here.
2	Lets just say, the idea of this is interesting. I was told to try it because you create your own stir fry. SO for picky eaters, its a good thing. But the experience could have been much better. The people working the grill kept messing up and had to re-do the stri fry 4 times!! Yes 4 times to get it right. They were having a bad night and kept mixing up customers orders. Mixing my stir fry with someone else's sauce. . . have not been back. Maybe I'll try them again but not on a friday night.
2	I think they should change their name to anything else but Mongolian Grill. I've had much better experience with Mongolian Restaurant in different cities, and I think it's a bit misleading to call it that if you are not going to stand up to its standard. I am not trying to be a hater here, but I believe that everything authentic tastes much better than the wannabes. I mean, I would be so sad if I were a Mongolian to find out about this place.For example, the rice doesn't taste good, and rice is a staple food in most Asian cuisine and every Asian restaurant should know how to cook good quality rice (seriously, I never complain about rice ever.. and how hard is it to cook decent rice?). The taste of the meat that you pick and got cooked over a big circle grill?? Dissapointing with a capital D. THe sauce choices were so Americanized, and even the soy sauce tastes weird. In addition to those, I think it's overpriced, and you have to keep paying extras for additional meat, etc.
