4	No matter the size of a city, there are some services that are just hard to find, and when you do find them, are they affordable??? The Fit aka De' Fit, is the latest and greatest in alterations and custom design in the North Central Corridor (just South of Bethany Home Road on 7th Street, East side of the street). Dennis and Randall the proprietors are wonderful people; however, it is the exemplary work done by Dennis and his crew that has me taking everything I've wanted repaired in the last five years! redesigned, hemmed, restitched, reinvented! and I am just delighted with the craftsmanship and work that has been done. With the special now of 30% off, for less than $100, I have a whole new set of outfits that would have cost me five times as much money. For anyone that has those classic, expensive, well-made items (any clothes horse knows what I am talking about) that has a little tear, or the zipper needs replacing, or hem repaired, or some other repair, and you hate to give it up because it really is a nice, timeless piece, I highly , highly recommend you take that item to The Fit post haste!
4	I've never been much for having to get clothes altered because I hate having to spend money on clothes and then extra money just to get them altered. But if I have learned anything from Stacey and Clinton on 'What Not To Wear' it's that you have visit a tailor because not everything in the store is going to fit exactly right.I'm so glad I found The Fit. They do excellent work. I have taken a few pants here to be hemmed. I'm a shorty and no pants ever fit perfect on me.Every time I have been here the service is very friendly and the work they do is wonderful. I've always found it hard to find a good place to get my clothes altered, but I have definitley found the place at The Fit.
5	I have found my new tailor! For starters, Randall and Dennis offered to stay after they closed because I couldn't leave work until 5:30 so I could come in and have them pin some work shirts for me. Dennis is chatty and funny and I love that. That same day the hem on my pants (that someone else had done and overcharged me for) came undone and he offered to fix it before I left for their first time hem price of $7. Long story short, $15 per shirt and an amazing job. Dennis even remembered my face when I walked in to pick them up and I was greeted with "Hey Girl!" LOVE it! I will be back in the future for more of my tailoring needs. Thanks Guys! A+++
5	I'm getting married in 2 weeks and I just took my suit to Dennis and Randall at the Fit! They are very friendly, very good at what they do and have quick turn around. My suit was ready to be picked up in 4 days, and it fit perfectly! I highly recommend this place for your alteration needs!
4	Like most folks, my body shape isn't considered  when making clothes.  Because of my short and stocky stature, suits have always looked horrible on me.  I finally wised up and decided to go to a tailor to turn my ill fitting off the rack suit into something that made me look good.I walked in with my suit and a pair of pants that I think fit me really well.  After showing Randall the pants, I put on the suit.  Working with chalk and pins, he shortened the pants and took away a bunch of fabric making it much slimmer. He marked off excess fabric from the jacket, almost a good 2 inches worth!.At this point, with multiple pins and chalk marks, I looked like some sort of mariachi.  I was told to come back in 5 days.5 days later, I came in and picked the suit up. They asked me if I wanted to try it on, but I didn't have the time.When I was able to try it on, the suit fit perfect. No excess fabric, I didn't look like I was swimming in my suit. It actually looked like the suit was made for me!  Even if it wasn't perfect, I would have been able to take it back in for adjustments.I am so pleased with the work done, I already have lots of stuff to take in to them!The guys at the Fit are amazing.  For a very affordable price and about 5 days of waiting, my suit looks great on me.
5	You know what stinks about moving? Having to find new EVERYTHING. Dentist, Dry Cleaner, Woo-ha Doctor. It's a pain. Thank goodness for Yelp because it has made my move to Phoenix all the better. My experience with The Fit was FANTASTIC! I highly recommend them for professional, quick, affordable work. I took in 4 pairs of pants, a skirt, and two shirts for some fixin up. Boy did they. I can't believe how long I have been putting this off! I've got another stack that need taken in and I am looking forward to going back. The guys are really nice and their work looks great. Seriously. GO. Stop procrastinating.
4	I am totally guilty of a closet full of clothes that I often consider wearing but just don't fit quite right. Seriously, stop pretending you don't too. I decided to do something about it. I chose The Fit because they are in the 'hood and of course, because of previous reviews here. I cannot say enough good things about Dennis and Randall. The (literally) arm full of clothes I brought in turned out amazing. From keeping the original hem and taking in the waist (thank you Body Lab - see previous reviews) on my Seven and Joe's jeans, almost remaking an entire dress from Banana Republic, to hemming my Trina Turk linen pants and adding a little "oomph" to my newest maxi dress and another dozen pieces with some form of nip or tuck here and there... I was very impressed with the work that was done. Granted, it took a few trips and various fittings...the guys were willing to stay late to let me stop by after work. And of course, have me back so the girls who do the detail work could fit me properly before they made any changes. Worth every penny. I feel like I went on a shopping binge...in my own closet!
3	After losing a bit of weight, I need to have old an a few new suits altered. I didn't know where to go so I headed for Yelp to guide me to that perfect place. I really want to give this place another star but still shaking my head about one thing. I do not like those damn slits on the back of my suits...I always feel that my big butt is being exposed. I mentioned that to Randall and said that the slits could be removed and the closed in. I was thrilled that this could be done. So we agreed to go ahead and remove the slits in the back. I pick up the suits and didn't bother to check them until I return home. Duh! I notice that the slits are still there. I called and spoke to Randall to ask why slits weren't closed it. He mentioned that he didn't realize that is what I wanted and said it could be done for an additional price. I didn't care about the additional cost just wanted him to admit that he forgot to include that on the ticket. Oh well. Suits look great. My butt isn't as big as I thought and they slits in back of the suits will work after all. There goes!
5	A month or so ago, I took some jeans in to get hemmed and adjusted. perfect. not baggy, not skinny, just right for me. Again, high quality service and workmanship.One of the best features of The Fit is that they don't rush you out of the door like some other places.They just opened up a second location! Right next to Men's Apparel Club. I just dropped off a bagful of shirts and pants to get adjusted. I already know I will get great results!
5	After reading the reviews here, I took a chance on The Fit and I am so glad that I did.  They are so friendly and helpful.  I have not experienced next day or same day service with alterations in a long time.  It was a very pleasant surprise.  And after all of these great things about them, I can also add that they are extremely well priced.  Much like another reviewer mentioned, this makes me want to dig into my closet and find other things that I would start wearing again if I didn't have to worry about the hassle of getting them altered.
4	I took my Bridesmaids dress here to be altered.  I ended up paying only $55 dollars whereas my sister paid over 100 at a Bridal shop.  They were friendly, helpful, and did an excellent job!  I would return to get other items altered.
5	I brought in 2 dresses and pair of jeans. Randall was very helpful and willing to take the time to make sure the adjustments were marked correctly. Definitely a different experience from taking pants to the dry cleaners for hemming which is how I've done a few alterations in the past.All the items turned out great. I had to do a double take on the original hem jeans because I really could not tell anything had been done until I looked at the length.  One of the dresses especially exceeded my expectations. It needed darts in the back, and due to the construction of the waist there was an easy way to do it, and there was a more labor intensive way to do it for a better final look. I told them the easy way was fine because I didn't want them to have to take the whole thing apart.. When I picked it up I could see that they had done it the more difficult way, which was was really above and beyond what I had expected and paid for.I will definitely be back. Also, they have 2 other locations - One at Camelback and 3rd I think, and one at 32nd and Thunderbird (give them a call to check the address)
5	There is no way you can have a Tuxedo without having alterations here and there to emphasize the POW! Thanks so much guys for staying open after hours to help a Yelper out last minute!!! And the info on the True Religion hemming will come in handy (ONLY $20 - same stitching)We will look Great!  Thanks Dennis & Randal! You two rock! See you at The Willow Party
5	Love love love. You guys rock.  Always on time and Always has the customers best interest in mind.  GREAT JOB...going thru the closet now to see what else needs to be altered   See you soon
1	So we had originally had a good experience adter the owner staydd late to alter my hubbys hugo boss tux for a event. Then months later I returned with a very expensive and complicated gown that I needed extensive alterations on for a black tie event.  I payed a hefty fee in advance to have the dress ready by the following saturday. When i came in to pick it up hours before the event, (and in full hair and makeup) and the dress hadnt been started yet! They had put it in the pile to be ready for a week later! I sat there fo an hour and a half sweating my proff. makeup job off anxiously waiting for the dress. When they were finished it looked great, but I should not have had to deal with the stress and last minute rushing.
5	Huge fan of this place. I have had Dennis and his team do the tradition pants and suit jackets, but also other items such as gloves and swimming trunks that needed to get fixed up. Dennis is very amicable and welcomes everyone to the store with open arms. He is also very customer service oriented and their prices are great.I have brought literally dozens of pants to him and they have turned out great. His team has also done a suit for me that came out fitting like it was bespoke.
5	Great service and fast turn around.  I have brought my uniform peices in for alterations and they have done a fantastic job.  Plus, its really affordable.  Did I mention great service?
5	I've heard of "Master Mechanics, Master Cooks, Master Surgeons But this place gets 5 STARS for being Phoenix's MASTER TAYLOR / ALTERATIONS SHOP.... Very professional. Easy to work with, great staff, love the open environment, fast service and good prices for what they do! Three locations in town... I enjoy Dennis; he's a great guy and he won't sell you more that what you need. This guy has a lot of experience and that makes a huge difference! I see a big future for this company because they do it RIGHT... Thanks for making me a raging fan!
5	I've tried several alteration places around the valley. This place is by far the best one. The service is very fast and all my clothes turn out perfectly tailored.
5	Fairly nice part of town, just in a sort of run-down strip mall (the main flagship store, that is), but don't let that fool you.  This place is Top Notch!A hidden gem of a tailor shop.  Once inside, everything is neat and clean and orderly and has all the obvious signs of some serious professional tailoring going on.I think I'm going to go through my closet and see what ELSE I could have them alter because they do a great job!  You will pay for it, but it's the fair market value, so.  It might be good to try to negotiate the best price you can BEFORE they quote one to you and let them know if price is a huge issue for you.  But remember, you WILL get the best tailoring in town.You might not know that Dennis is the Owner -- the way he runs around so busily and quickly and subserviently like he's just the hired help.  But Dennis believes the Customer is #1, so he gives it his all and he's "in it to win it."  He runs 3 sites in the Valley, so he's a very busy guy.  Well, The Fit wins my vote for best little tailor shop in town!  I am definitely going back!
5	Love this business!  I get all of my alterations done here - great staffand excellent work!  And they are FAST!
5	I am in love with this place. In. Love. I've been here on three separate occasions to get numerous items altered. Whether I've needed a wedding dress shortened or a party dress taken in or an extra button sewn on a shirt, I have ALWAYS left extremely satisfied. Dennis (the owner) provides top notch customer service and extremely fair prices. And I have never had to wait longer than a day for my items. The Fit is one of the best.
5	I love this place!  I had a vest that was too big.  They had to take it apart and put it back together.  You can't even tell when looking at it closely that any alterations were done.  I'm so glad I now have a place to go that I know will do a good job and won't overcharge me.  I can't wait to use them again!!
5	Super friendly service & consistently good quality tailoring. The owner Dennis is always a pleasure to deal with.
5	Excellent customer service topped only by the work they performed for me. I will continue to use their services.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE getting my clothes altered at The Fit!  Dennis, the owner, is gracious, friendly and highly competent.  My clothes are always altered beautifully.  Because I recently lost 25 pounds, it was so great to have my favorite outfits altered to fit the new, smaller me and not have to replace my entire wardrobe at great expense.  Dennis is an excellent tailor, pays close attention to detail and his prices are very reasonable.  He and his crew always do a splendid job so I would urge anyone to take your favorite pieces of clothing in and have them expertly altered to fit you!I highly recommend visiting The Fit!!  Go check it out!Sylvia W
5	Great, fast service and Dennis, the owner, is really friendly. Will use them for all my alterations!
5	I walked into a hidden GEM yesterday when finding this place. They are, hands down, the most fabulous alterations shop in Phoenix (and I've been to plenty). The owner is a sweetheart - let me give everyone the backstory:My brother is getting engaged next week and the party is on Saturday. In true Arab fashion, I bought my dress at the very last minute - yesterday. I fell IN LOVE with this dress, but the cleavage was insane and I had to fix it... otherwise, my pops would have a heart attack as soon as he saw me. I'm scrambling at 5pm to find an alterations shop that would somehow make this amazing dress work with my figure.Enter: The Fit. The owner, Dennis, heard the panic in my voice and offered to keep the shop open until I got there (they close at 4pm; it was already 5pm). When I came out of the fitting room, he instantly had a solution to cover up the cleavage without ruining the look or fashion of the dress. Then, I started noticing other things: I wanted the dress to be longer. I wanted my shal to be attached. So, he willingly volunteered to take care of the rest of the corrections just so I could be comfortable and happy with the final result. He also put a rush on the job (I need it by Wednesday) and didn't charge me for it. Loooong story short, he stayed open until 7pm and dealt with my OCD and every single problem I gave him about the dress. You don't get that kind of customer service too often, and I have to let everyone know about this wonderful little shop. I will update this post with a picture as soon as I try on the dress. The prices are very affordable; so, you should definitely bring in all the clothes you have that need fixing, and check this place out for yourself.
5	Best service and quality of work! Dennis, the owner, is very friendly and inviting,he made my little black dress look new again. This is my new place for all of my alteration needs. I have been disappointed in other places with the quality of their work and it was so refreshing that the results was excellent workmanship!  Love it!!!
5	... aaaaand as promised - a picture of the final result! I was IN LOVE with it, and so was everyone else at the engagement party! Thank you to Dennis and his lovely staff for truly making this dress perfect!
5	Oh, you know, if you're petite and vivacious like me, you definitely need an awesome tailor to alter almost every dress, pair of trousers, shirt, blouse, skirt, [insert type of clothing here] out there! Or you can just be petite and not vivacious... Or vivacious and not petite. Or neither. Anyway, wonderful tailor, and equally wonderful seamstresses! Dennis makes sure that you'll be bringing sexy back when you walk out of that shop in your newly-altered clothes! This is definitely the place to go for all your alteration and tailoring needs, people! Competitive pricing and great quality! Now you don't have to think twice about buying that ill-fitting clothing knowing that your friendly and (very) competent neighborhood tailor can make you feel fabulous in those clothes! Or even in those grandpa's/grandma's hand-me-downs. Yes, you'll look incredible.
5	I had several Maxi dresses that I did not wear as I felt that they were to long for my heighth.  I read on Yelp what a fantastic tailor Dennis was and took them all in to be altered.  I was extremely nervous as I have no clothes sense and Dennis knew exactly what would and would not work for each dress.  They all came out beautifully and I am enjoying each one of them.  Thank you so much Dennis - I can not recommend The Fit Alterations & Custom Design enough!!!  As everyone says this place is more than TOP NOTCH!
5	Dennis and crew deserve a standing ovation for their speedy and precise work. They go out of their way when need alterations or even a new suit. They truly are the best.  Way to go Dennis. You have a customer for life.
5	These guys go beyond the task and actually get involved and advise on what looks best. They're top-notch
5	I bring all of my clothes here to get altered. The owner is extremely friendly and will work with you if you need the clothes back quickly. The prices are more than reasonable and I always leave with everything always looking like I bought it right off the rack and it just happened to fit properly.
5	Ladies ladies, do you need a bridesmaid dress altered in a pinch?  The Fit is the place to go!  I had an out of town wedding to stand up in and the dress shipped to me with only 3 weeks to go before the wedding.  After stopping into and being treated rudely at Valentina's Bridal Shop in Sunnyslope, I popped into The Fit and was helped by the manager Dennis.  What an EXCEPTIONAL manager and place, don't be fooled by the many racks of tailored men's suits, bring your bridal pieces here.  The price is reasonable and the customer service in this place is THE best, you won't be disappointed. Not to mention that the dress was altered to perfection, without the astronomical pricing of most bridal shops.  The Fit is the place to go, you rarely find service like this anymore.
5	Quality craftsmanship, fair prices and great customer service.... What else could you want?  This is the only place I trust to keep me looking good.  I always enjoy talking to Dennis and he is always happy to help.  I highly recommend this place for any garments.
5	Dennis is the best.  He knows what looks good and is very up to date on trends.  I finally found a place where they know how to dress tall skinny dudes and not make them look like rubbish!
5	Thanks to yelp I was able to find an alteration shop, The Fit.  I had several alterations and several fittings with them and was very pleased with their quality and excellent work as well as their customer service.  They are also accommodating.  I will definitely continue to do business with them.  I highly recommend "the fit alteration".
5	5 stars fo sho! I had never been to a tailor before and Dennis had come highly recommended. He took a lot of time to explain, educate and make me feel comfortable with the experience. The tailoring made the clothes look and feel great. As a bonus, the owner has a rad personality and is a lot of fun.
5	I took group of friends to the fit alterations for a bachelor auction.  Dennis did an amazing job altering everyone's suits.  He has an amazing selection of suits and speedy alterations service!  I wish we could clone him.  He is the best tailor in Phoenix!Hector Cerda
5	I have used many tailors over the years and after using The Fit unless I move away the OTHER tailors can close their doors as they make all my clothes look like were custom made. It's like magic how they make a Peery Ellis look like a Versace. Best customer service in Valley and always willing to meet my tight deadlines. BRAVO.
5	So so so good!! Very fast and easy! Took my bridesmaid dress in and they did alterations on the neck (halter), waist, and length and had it ready in a matter of days. Offered to let me try it on to ensure the fit was right when I picked it up! Will go back any time I need alterations.
5	Doesn't get any betterDennis and his team do a superb job.  Prices are upfront.  Dennis and his assistant are quick and easy to work with.  Quality of the work is worlds above the alter-by-numbers people at most dry cleaners and at around malls.  My suit alterations all fit perfectly.Only drawback are the occasional customers who drive up in their luxury cars, try to cut in line, tell the staff to give them better prices, and then generally huff around the place.  Wish there were more gracious people in the world.  Credit to Dennis and crew for having the patience to tolerate people like that.Dennis said they will be moving this summer, so will need to keep an eye on where they land.
5	I had a wedding nightmare emergency alteration...and Dennis made it all better! I had my dress altered in Washington(where I live), and the lady that altered it said my dress was too tight and did not need anymore altering. I disagreed but she told me she wouldn't take it in for me. When I tried it on 3 days before leaving to Phoenix(where my wedding was), I had a meltdown...it was HUGE....but all the alteration shops where I lived said it was too tight. I found Dennis on Yelp and asked if he could do an alteration for a wedding 2 days away...he didn't hesitate. In the very end he took off 5 inches from my waist. He could clearly see my dress WAS indeed TOO big. Him and his team turned my wedding dress from a potato sack to high couture overnight. It looked amazing and everything I dreamed my wedding dress would look like. Thank you Dennis!!!! YOU SAVED MY WEDDING DAY!!!!
5	HANDS DOWN the most AMAZING alterations!! So glad I found the Fit Alterations and Dennis. He is seriously an alterations magician! He can turn any piece of clothing into something that makes you feel like a million bucks. Come here for alterations, and you won't be disappointed.  I'm a very petite person and have a lot of trouble finding clothes that fit me right. Because of this, I have lots of clothes that have accumulated in my closet over the years that had yet to be worn because they simply were too big and unflattering. Finally, I bought a few dresses online that I was in LOVE with, but when they arrived, I was bummed to find out that they were again too huge on me, and were final sale, so I couldn't return. So I turned to Yelp to help me find an tailor/alterations shop in hopes that somebody could help me out and turn my ill-fitting dresses into the fab pieces they really are. I am so happy I found Dennis. He and his team are now in my fav places list in Phoenix. I have now brought in a total of 4 dresses and 2 pants and every single one of them now fit me like a glove! I was very impressed by the service I received. Dennis really has an eye for fashion and is very experienced in knowing what looks good. He offered many ideas on what alterations should be made to yield the best outcome, and he definitely delivered. When I came to pick up my items, Dennis offered me the chance to try them on, and when there was something that didn't sit right on my dress, he willingly offered to fix it and have me pick up next time. I was so happy with my first set of alterations that I couldn't wait to come back and bring more clothes for him to work his magic on. Now that I know I have Dennis as my awesome tailor as well as new friend, I am unafraid to buy anything I'm in love with, even if they don't fit, and have confidence that Dennis will make them into the most perfect pieces. I can't say enough good things. Dennis is truly passionate about his work, extremely dedicated to making sure his customers are happy, and offers reasonable prices. Can't beat the Fit Alterations! :)
5	They really do great work in here.  I recently came in to have several shirts darted (because apparently other people with my arm and neck measurements are also huge in the middle?)  I also brought in a pair of pants that I got at a going out of business sale that were WAY too baggy (perfect waist and length).  When I stopped in to pick them up they fit so well, I couldn't believe they were the same pair of pants.The work was so good and the staff so friendly and professional that I went back into my closet and brought in more shirts.  It's so nice to have your clothes fit like they were made for you instead of sort of fitting in most places and not fitting at all in other places.  Someone else said it below, but it really is like shopping in your own closet, I have a whole "new" wardrobe!
1	The WORST alteration experience I've ever had. I went to this place because of the great reviews, but the service I received was AWFUL. I had brought in two pairs of pants to be fixed, and was told they would be done by the end of the work week, which was good because I was leaving the state for a while that Saturday. When I got there on Friday when I was supposed to pick them up, the pants hadn't even been looked at yet and I was told to come back in half an hour. I was under the impression that Dennis would be working on my pants like he said the first time I was there, but instead it was two women who did a shoddy job and I've since had to repair the work myself. The Fit Alterations was extremely disappointing.
5	FIT alterations is truly a cut above the rest! Dennis is the ringleader of a positive, professional, and hardworking staff. Upon arrival, I was met with a friendly, can-do attitude and my garments were briefly discussed with Dennis (who I was told has very high standards for his alterations). Less than 24 hours later I picked up my garments and totally believed in those high standards! FIT alterations offers lightning fast, reasonably priced, alterations. The space is clean and the staff has an excellent demeanor. I would recommend Fit alterations to anyone looking for a overall positive and exceptional experience. Keep up the great work, Dennis! You are AMAZING!!!!
1	I brought a bridesmaid dress here to be alerted. I came here after doing research and reading positive reviews. I was quoted $150 and the owner told me he was the best tailor in the city of Phoenix and promised me my dress would turn out perfect. He also told me he would personally be working on my dress if that would make me feel more comfortable leaving the dress. I brought in the dress and tired it on exactly as I would wear it on the wedding day,  including the shoes in order to get the correct length. I had to come in 4 times total to get the dress fitted and alerted correctly, mind you the store was a 50 minute drive each way. The first few times I came in thinking the dress would be completed it was grossly crooked and uneven. The dress was supposed to be hemmed to lightly brush the floor.  The hem was crooked and way too short which can't be repaired. Was disappointed with the service and Eventhough he took 20% off that doesn't even cover the cost of gas to get to and from the store. Will not be back, would not recommend.
5	Ann Taylor continues to make 00Petite suits too big for me, so I continue to come here and have Dennis make sure that I look sharp and cool in the office. And my review remains the same -- I continue to be a very satisfied customer yayyy (round of applause, please!) But I'm still trying to get used to the new location...kind of missing the old location a bit LOL I got attached. The new place is bigger, brighter, fresher - a testament that Fit Alternations needs a bigger place to accommodate it's growing customer base! I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a professional and top notch tailor -- whether you need something altered, or made from scratch!  No matter what type of cloth, beadwork, ruffles and schmuzzles, nothing intimidates this place at making alterations. And they do a darn good job at it! So stop reading now, get those ill-fitting clothes from your closet and take them here! You're welcome, boo!
5	I have been going to Fit Alterations for about 2 years. I have NEVER had a problem with the quality of work, customer service, or felt dissatified. On the contrary, there hasnt been a SINGLE time that I felt I wasn't getting what I paid for. There was one instance where the fit of my pants wasnt quite where I wanted it, and they re-did it not ONCE, but TWICE (at no extra charge) until I was satisfied.Dennis and his team are GREAT! What sets this alteration shop apart from others is there attention to DETAIL, customer service, and the "can do" attitude.I have recommended this shop to friends and family who have ALL had EXCELLENT experiences. My brother-in-law recently took a pair of expensive jeans and messaged me right after he picked them up... "DUDE your tailor is BAD ASS! I went to 2 places that couldnt get it done and Dennis got it done!"In a nut shell, try them out! I GUARANTEE you will be satisfied!
5	I was referred to Dennis by Muse Boutique and couldn't be more thrilled to find them. He is truly a magician and has ALWAYS been on time with my alterations. I have been there numerous times over the apst year and not ONCE has he been late. I am a bit baffled by the bad reviews here----kind of strange to not ask for something to be fixed if it is wrong or you are unhappy?Anyway--my entire family has brought everything from $500 designer gowns to my step-daughter's Abercrombie jeans....they can do it all!!! If I am ever in a hurry to get something back, they have ALWAYS come thru for me.I can't say enough good things about them and their customer service. I very rarely write reviews, but this place is too good :-)Keep up the great work Dennis!
5	I absolutely love this place it is AMAZING ! I was treated so very well and so was my dress ! Dennis was very helpful and I absolutely love him . My birthday dress was altered perfectly ! I recommend this place to anyone and everyone , price was great and service was incredible ! Thank you :)
5	Ok, this is long over due. I found Dennis at the Fit Alterations last year on Yelp. I took a few pair of pants and some shorts to have taken in and hemmed up. I'm a runner with a small waist so it's hard to find men's pants in a size 28 waist. He did a perfect job. My partner says that the pants look like they were made especially for me. I've taken most of my pants there since, recently I took a suite in, he not only made the pants fit perfectly but he hemmed up the cuffs on the sleeves to the jacket and with a one day turn around so that we could catch a flight to FL for a wedding. I've always had a hard time finding pants in my size, but now I dont' worry about it. I buy close to my size and Dennis does the rest! And you can't beat the price!
5	tried out this place since they had great yelp reviews. went in and ended talking for a long time to the owner. Dennis..he was very nice and friendly and got my pants hem done promptly ..great customer service and friendly..also it was very reasonable price..thank you..I will bring my suits next time. :)
5	I don't come here often, but I am ALWAYS happy when I do.  I bring in small stuff and it is always received as though it were the most important job of the day.  I love Dennis.  He is so concerned with providing me with the best possible results and his staff is great.  I see his business is rated as pricey - and I guess it is.  I sew.  I have a sewing machine.  I have a room in which to sew.  However, Dennis and his staff do what I do about a thousand times faster and better.  His work is worth every penny and I will always bring my stuff to his store.
5	Where do I begin, Dennis is a master tailor.The quality of workmanship on my clothes is stellar.I am 5'7 with narrow hips, almost all of my dresses need to be taken in from the waist down. I have never been able to wear anything straight off the rack. Not once have I ever been disappointed in their work. I moved here from Newport Beach, CA last year. I never thought I would be able to find someone in AZ who could custom fit every seam to my very tiny body.  It is absolutely assuring to know that no matter what I love when I shop, Dennis and the ladies at The Fit can customize it for me every time.Thank you ladies, I appreciate the hard work. Thank you Dennis for your mad skills and dedication to your customers. You ARE the best!
5	I have gone here at least a dozen times and have never been disappointed! The owner is as sweet as can be so is every other staff member I've dealt with! Quick, affordable and will work with you on "rush" orders!! Highly recommend The Fit!!
5	Saved the day!!I realized too late that my bust was just to big for my wedding dress....a week before!!! I called them up and they said bring it in. They switched the zip up to a lace up! All within 7 days!! It looked gorgeous and I wasn't even charged a rush fee!Will definitely be going back!
5	This place is great.  New location is great.  It is reflective of the amazing work that they do.  Very energetic staff that can make a average outfit fit like a  high dollar outfit.
5	I have been a customer of Dennis  and The Fit since  the business first opened. I can't begin to remember how many different garments I have had altered by them. Since that time. The quality and timeliness of their work is superb. Even when a store provides free alterations, I prefer to go to Dennis, my "fit doctor." The Fit is also distinguished by its friendliness. Once you have tried The Fit, you will never be tempted to go elsewhere.
5	Dennis is awesome! He and his staff do great quality work and has left me with the best experience every time. Do yourself a favor and go to The Fit Alterations for your alteration needs. I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed!
4	Everything was wonderful!! Anna and the rest of the staff were so helpful and they truly made the experience unforgettable.
4	Everyone was very helpful. They all went above and beyond to help me find exactly what i wanted. Thank you for making my special day a memorable one
