3	Came with a group of friends on a Thursday night, because we heard about Thursday night team trivia here.  It turns out that Thursday trivia only take place when there isn't a game on, and we had forgotten that the Pens were playing that night.  Since we were already there, however, we decided to stay for drinks and some food.Best feature at Ryan's: the enclosed patio area.  Since Frick Park is right across the street, the view from the patio ain't too shabby either.  The indoor seating area's also a pretty good size.The menu is more extensive than I expected: sandwiches, burgers, pizza, and more unusual items such as pierogies and jumbo breaded shrimp.  This is a totally unpretentious place: the soup of the day was, I believe, hamburger noodle.  I was a little bummed by my nachos though--processed cheese instead of real cheese, and the soggy/crunchy chip ratio leaned more towards the soggy than I would have liked.  The extra salsa I requested turned out to be just a few flecks of tomato.  The onion rings, however, are generously battered, and while I didn't sample it, my friend's reuben looked delicious.  Beer selection was decent, but wasn't cheap.Our waitress was nice and accommodating to our party which kept on expanding.  We did have a hard time locating her as the night got later even though the number of customers in the bar was dwindling.  While it doesn't have the best beer or food quality and prices, Ryan's is a down-to-earth place that's good for meeting a group of friends.  In addition to Thursday trivia, I've heard that there's karaoke on another night of the week.
3	My go-to neighborhood spot when I am craving a Guinness and have work to do-- they have free wi-fi. Everyone is always super nice to me here and the fries are pretty good. While I am not a sports fan, they have big TV's which I imagine would be great for game watchin'. I usually come here in the afternoons, so it never gets too crowded. It's a comfy, down to earth, no frills place to hang and enjoy an adult beverage. Wood paneling and green vinyl booths. I hear the trivia night is pretty cool; I'm hoping to check that out soon. As a nonsmoker, I just wish the the outdoor patio wasn't a "smoking patio" because it has a really nice view of Frick Park.
1	Horrible place.  This bar/restaurant could be so much more, but the surly employees and their laissez-faire (for you Ryan's employees reading this, that means 'I couldn't give a damn') attitude just seals the deal:  I'll never set foot in this place again.Add to their attitude, and the mediocre food, the fact that their "patio," where all the windows were closed tonight, was filthy with smoke.  When I questioned the self-designated queen behind the bar about this, she asked why I was "so angry."  Well, that comment practically lead my mouse to the Allegheny County Smoking Violation Report website, needless to say.It's a shame that a place such as this still exists; clearly it draws from beyond the actual Regent Square neighborhood, where tastes are obviously not so discriminating.
3	Nice little Irish Pub! If only their beer selection was larger!
3	First time in here, and it's weird.  I mean where do you go that has a bar with changing closing times?  A sign above the bar basically says something along the lines that 'Ryan's will close tonight at' and they have things to hang below it that look something similar to what they use to teach children how to tell time in elementary school.Asides form that confusion, I really wasn't digging the vibe here.  The color was a bit offsetting to me.  Could have been because it was almost all green and it reminded me of being in a hospital from yesteryear.  Smoking is only allowed on the small outdoor patio area...if the windows are open.  Make up your mind, allow smoking, or don't.  It's that simple, your customers who do smoke will respect your decision.Prices weren't bad, and I do admit it's a decent enough place to stop on the way home to get a nightcap (If it's open that late).
3	Come for the Thursday trivia, stay for the bar fights. Reasonably priced rotating Great Lakes tap is also a plus.
4	Some food is good some isn't. Veggie burgers and milkshakes are great.  Salads and pretzels aren't. Trivia on Thursdays brings in the crowd and is a good time.
