3	Played here in an outing. I remember it was extremely hot, but it was Vegas so it was expected. The positive of this course is its proximity to the strip. Also, some of the views are pretty good (check out the included pics). The negative is the price; pretty darn high. Also, it's directly under the departing flights from the Vegas airport, so you get to hear planes take off over your head every 1-2 minutes. You kind of get used to it but... not really.
4	Golf in the kingdom...the kingdom of Las Vegas.Bali Hai is a nice place to play golf when you are in Las Vegas. It's a really pretty little course (more like an island course in Hawaii or the Caribbean than a high desert course, although surrounded by city).Shot selection and accuracy is important, esp. if you play from the tips. One really nice feature of Bali Hai is the caddies (are the caddies?). How delightfully civilized!The Bali Hai is nice oasis in the heart of the beast.
3	Nice course.  Beautiful tropical feel right in middle of the desertBiggest negative is all the airplanes flying in just over your head (now I know why Vegas is Southwest Airlines #1 airport)Otherwise, good staff, clubhouse, and course.  Some nice elevations considering it is just off the strip.  Price is what it is because of location.
4	Played here back in August of 2010. Pretty nice course for the middle of summer. It was in excellent condition. Greens, fairways, rough, everything was immaculate. I'm a 4 handicap, and the tips provide a nice challenge, especially when you're hitting long irons into a majority of the par 4s, as well as hitting a 3-wood into a par 3. The signature 16th with it's island green is stunning. The hardest part about this course are the greens. Trees don't really prove a challenge since most are palms, and relatively easy to negotiate, but the greens are extremely difficult. Most have several tiers that place a premium on location.The only negatives are that they don't have a long range, only 100 yards or so, so it makes it difficult to judge your distances when warming up. And the planes overhead don't help either. Planes are arriving in the early afternoon, so it's not terrible, but when they change the active runway later in the afternoon, it sends the planes departing right over the course; and departing planes make much more noise than arriving planes.But, all in all, a great course. Although you're definitely paying for the location.
3	Was in Vegas for a friend's wedding.  They were getting married at this golf course.  It's right across the street from the airport and Mandalay Bay.  Man, was it a pain to find this place.  Considering most signage in Vegas is loud and huge, you couldn't find this sign if you tried.  They had the typical brick signage floor level, you would have missed it even if you were looking.  Luckily, with the map and directions from my phone, I was able to get back to the location even though I had passed it.Overall the golf course is quite lovely, the wedding was small yet very nice.  With it being Vegas and 100 degrees and the ceremony part being outside, there were servers with bottles of water, and other beverages for us to have while sitting outside.  After the ceremony there was an appetizer time before we went inside for lunch.  The food was from the restaurant.  I had the steak option that was offered, but the ones that got the salmon option couldn't stop raving about the basil potato puree.  Everyone loved it so much, we asked the waiter if they could share the recipe.The only other thing that sucked was that the planes were flying over every few minutes but I guess that's what you get for being across the street from the airport.
2	MEH....So so, Way overpriced for what you get. If you're into aviation, then you'll enjoy the commercial airliners thundering overhead every 55 seconds from McCarron Airport. I'd play Desert Pines or Royal Links instead next time.
4	Golf course on the strip 1/4 mile pass Mandalay Resort.  What can you ask for?  U can take a bus or taxi or even walk(long) from your hotel directly to the course.  Right across from the airport.  You will see and hear planes taking off and landing.  If you don't mind, a little noise.  The course condition and layout is very nice.  Tip out at 7001 yds (decent) and woman is about 5000+.   There is a little driving range(hitting into the net).  Rental is $35 Callaway Razor( condition: it's ok).  Free range ball to practice.The staffs are professional and friendly.  The clubhouse, restaurant, facility and bar are nice and clean.  .  I have not tried the restaurant.  And they don't squeezed you in with other twosomes, not that I mind.The course on the scale of 1 - 10 of being toughness( 1 for easiest and 10 for hard).  I would give this a 7.  A few hole is tough like a 219 yd par 3 into the wind with water on the left; hole #9 (par 3) 180yd downhill shoot thru a gap; don't play long there is water in the back of the green also.  I love back 9: a few hole you are playing toward Mandalay resort.  Bunker is white sand.Suggest:             1. The score card should have the layout of the course.              2. For the price they should have GPS on the cart,  free wet towel,                  and free water.I will definitely come back here and play again.  This time I will break 95.
2	Well groomed course. Very friendly staff. I believe our group was the only group out on the course at the time, so the fact that it wasn't till the 14th hole in 100 degree weather that we saw the beverage girl wasn't a huge surprise, but WE GOT THIRSTY! In addition, after playing the back 9, I was getting the feeling that I already had played a few of those holes before. Of course I hadn't, but the imagination and design of the course was somewhat repetitive. No, VERY REPETITIVE. The repetition actually drowned out the noise of the 737's that were taking off over our heads every 10 minutes. Overall, I had a great time, because we were after all playing golf, and my boss paid. The staff was great, and it is a well groomed course.
4	What happens in Vegas should stay in Vegas but this course is a dream come true.  I was there to give lessons to a client.  There's a reason why they let PGA pros play for free there.  It's challenging especially around the greens where it can really play mind games on you.That day it was hot beyond belief (Midwest or South weather) but that has nothing to do with the well kept course.Oh yeah, it's going to hurt your wallet ($150+) if you're looking to save some money.  In short, if you want PGA quality for a budget then Bali Hai is great for it.  It will kick your butt if you play from the tips.  Have fun, hit'em long and straight.
4	This course is as advertised. Great Fairways, Great Greens, and views are awesome.  My only gripe is there is no grass range. For the price they charge, there should at least be a full sized range. not a small one.
1	I called the reservations # today and I talk to this guy named mike and he tells me that Bali hai is in awesome shape. Well the truth is that the course isn't in great shape at all. I wouldn't pay the $200 they want. That course is over priced. It's not worth playing so save your $$$$
5	Here regularly with my fellow @Platinum_Tees & a great course with an amazing staff!  An Oasis in Vegas!  A lot if planes overhead & you shoot directly at the Luxor.  You feel like you're in the tropics.  A once in a life time opportunity in Vegas!
4	It is pricey to play this course( $240 & up) depending on your hotel package, but the experience is so worth it. 1st up really cool driving range,ball return mechanism. Haven't seen anything like it. The course is well maintained, beautiful fairways, however the greens were not great as they were being changed over or something?..very long course & lots & lots of sand to go up against, but nice & soft to swing out from. I'm glad I checked it out. Would easily go back again
3	Slow slow slow... drunk idiots I even had to play behind a group of seven (what I assumed was a bachelor party). Course itself was okay, the green conditions weren't amazing. $200.00 for tee time could be better spent somewhere else. Check out GolfNow.com for the discount tee times and maybe go a little further off strip for a better overall experience.
5	Bali Hai is a great course as close to the strip as you can get. It's a fun course with a great view of Mandalay Bay & The Luxor, bring a camera! You can get deals to help defray the cost of play. I would also recommend using one of the onsite caddies who will make your golfing experience more enjoyable. If you are less serious about the golf, try one of the ParMate caddies, you'll have a great time!The golf staff has always been professional and have treated me very well over the years. I also recommend the onsite Cili restaurant & bar. Cili's management & waitstaff are equally friendly and professional.You do get used to the planes overhead...
4	Played here twice now, I have officially played all 3 Walters Golf Courses..Played Bali Hai over superbowl weekend as part of they big game package..The greens on that visit were bad..I received an email from the course apologizing and offering a credit to play another round.. I took them and played there over the weekend..Greens were in much better shape..They were running fast.. I love it. Course was in great shape from tee to green. From the moment you pull in till the minute you leave great customer service all around.. I will be back.
5	Loved the course. You would think you were golfing in a tropical paradise.
4	A beautiful course 10 minutes away from the strip. Small Clubhouse, great staff. Great starter.  Awesome condition.  Challenging but fair layout.  Strong winds at times makes certain shots are difficult but missing the green here is not too punishing.  Greens are in great shape.  Pace of play is fair (didn't run into any major hold ups). Saw a lot of airplanes flying by. There was also quite a few big billboards advertisement which i thought was pretty distracting when you're trying to enjoy the scenery. there's quite a few holes where you can see the hotels that are located on the strip. which makes awesome pictures.  tips:*$30 for spectators.*female restroom/locker room-has hair spray, deodorant, lotion, and mouthwash for you to use.*there are restrooms on the course. more so in the back nine. front 9 there's only one on hole 3.*cart girl does come around but not as frequent.*there's a telephone where you can order food on the 8th hole. *didn't see any marshalls.*you can totally book on golfnow.com for a better deal.*there are holes where there are jugs of water.*ice chest does come loaded with ice but no water bottles.
4	Just a short review of the clubhouse/dining area - Was here on 7/27 for a wedding.The indoor facilities, including bathrooms, are very clean & spacious.  The staff is very helpful and "tolerant" - I was watching a 2 year-old while my girlfriend was attending the wedding - He was running all over, and the staff did not seem the least bit annoyed!Bar area is nice - Drinks were made very well, and prices were pretty decent.All in all, a positive experience based on what I saw - I am not a golfer, so cannot speak for the course itself.YES - LOTS of helicopters flying LOW overhead (saw that another review mentioned this). 4/5 based on what I experienced here.
4	This was one of the last courses I had left to play in Las Vegas.  The price offered to locals has always been one of the highest in the Las Vegas area.  For this reason, I have not played there until yesterday.  Now I wish that I didn't wait!  What an amazing course!  Practice Facility was just OK.  This is understandable since it is on the Las Vegas Strip and space is limited.  Nice putting green, no chipping area, and a swing cage to hit balls.Club House was beautiful.  I have been there for a wedding as well, and it is a great facility.  Course was in great condition.  Lots of elevation changes, water and just enough bunkers and rough to get you in trouble.  We never saw a group behind us and didn't catch the group in front of us until #17.Only downsides of the course was the price for locals.  As a service industry employee, we talk to tourists all the time about where to golf in the valley.  That is why most courses give industry workers a discounted rate.  The price we payed was higher then most courses, but I would go back at least once a year.The other downside is the constant air traffic overhead.  With the airport next door, there really isn't anything that can be done, but it does get annoying.
4	Great course and in great condition since they had recently over seeded. Played early on a Sunday morning and finished as a twosome in about 3.5 hours. We took our time too. Some short par 5s but some PGA length par 4s playing from the golds. Greens were a little bit slower than I am used too but still in great shape. The food was good. Overall it's a great course but there's better values in Vegas. It's pretty convenient since it's just south of Mandalay Bay. Btw, there's only a driving net to hit into and no real driving range.
4	There's a lot to like about Bali Hai golf course, and as others have mentioned, the price is high so it's a splurge round for someone like me.  This place is beautifully maintained, especially when you consider it's in the middle of a desert.  They were also pretty smart about the design. Since people are paying big bucks to play here, they emphasize enjoying your round & playing from the tees that are most appropriate to your ability.  No one wants to fork over a ton of $ and then get super frustrated, so they very wisely put a lot of variety on the distance from black vs. gold vs. silver tees.Everyone here is super polite, practically grabbing the golf bag out of your hands when you show up, putting it in the golf cart for you, and giving some friendly advice.  I thought the variety on the golf course is pretty nice - some holes have lots of terrain & uphill carries, and several holes have water that you definitely want to avoid.  It's a tad noisy from the airplanes from nearby McCarran airport, but honestly, it's not even a distraction.  Just a reminder that you're in prime real estate on the Las Vegas strip!  The bunkers were REALLY hard the day that I played.  They felt like concrete - no fluffy sand at all.  Maybe that's because it's late fall, or maybe they're always that way.There are lots of ways to avoid paying full fare on this golf course by booking early morning or late afternoon tee times.  If you are the least bit curious about playing this golf course, I recommend  trying it.
2	Bali Hi IS a decent track, but the price is way too high for what you get. The problem is the location.  They charge so much because it's "on the strip", but that's not necessarily a good thing.  There are the tour helicopters which circle overhead your entire round making conversation impossible at times.  Then there is the freeway, as well as numerous jets landing at McCarran.  If that's not enough the fumes from the jet fuel can be overpowering.  There is also no driving range, just some mats to hit into a net.  I do like the course, and would have gave it 3 stars if the price more accurately reflected what you were getting.  The clientele can also be a problem, as you get too many drunk hacks on the course, that have no business being out there.
5	Hands down my favorite course to play In Las Vegas, highly recommended to take a caddie, given the tricky holes, they can help with advice and slopes in the beautiful yet challenging terrain. If your visiting Las Vegas and like to golf, Bali hai golf course is a must play course.
4	Good course and you are playing here for the novelty of playing on the strip. Friendly staff, no range is not a knock because there is no space to hit balls on a highway. Holes are very close to one another, again, due to space constraints. Long par 4 s are essentially the same as the short par 5s. I played a good 3-4 holes that I had to double check I had not played them before and was out of sequence on the course. Par 3s are the most memorable, island green 16 is no more than a PW. Enjoyable round and agree with prior review, book with golf now for savings.
1	Not a bad golf course- had played before- but my last visit  I had $800 cash stolen out of my golf bag..... I called and spoke to the GM , and another employee  numerous times, and they  said they would investigate and view their security cameras and NO ONE ever got back to me at all!   Very upsetting that it happened and mainly the way it was NOT handled.....................  they just don't care............
5	Great course. Fairway and greens in great condition. Would play here again.Close to ye strip and friendly staff.
1	The customer service here is so poor it appears Walters Golf has one foot out the door in the golf business.
5	Great golf at the south end of the strip.  Super friendly staff.  Interesting course with great views of Las Vegas and planes taking off and landing.   Don't play here if the planes bother you.  The service here is outstanding and the course is well kept and fun.  Great day here - we loved it.
