5	I am fairly new to birding, and was thrilled to find this place. We drove in and there were quail walking around the entrance. Inside there are 9 ponds where we saw American Coot, egrets, cinnamon teal, humming birds and even some red tail hawks. The woman behind the counter was incredibly friendly and extremely knowledgeable. I love this place.
5	I went two places yesterday to enjoy being away from the city in a different way than hiking.  My first stop was here at the Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve.  I have friends from New Jersey who have been here twice on vacations to Las Vegas and they always said what a great place it was and they were right.You enter the preserve through an office where you fill out a short form for contact information and save harmless for the City of Henderson.  This is good for two years.  You sign the guest book and then enter the preserve going out the back door.  There are volunteers working here who make sure you have a map and a bird pamphlet so you can mark off the birds you see if you want.  From the back door, you're on your own to explore and enjoy!  There's a dirt track that goes basically two miles around the exterior perimeter.  You can see many of the pools this way.  There is also a dry pond in one spot where burrowing owls have been spotted.There are two places where the preserve has observation points.  One is a boardwalk that goes out into one of the ponds where you can get closer to view some of the birds.  There are benches at the end of this walk and there are benches in many places throughout the preserve to just relax and enjoy the solitude and sounds of the birds.There are a couple of blinds with holes at different levels for different height people to stand behind to observe the birds.  You can also get some good photos without scaring the birds.  Finally, there's a raised platform--you walk up a set of steps--that looks out over two of the ponds.  It's a great place to stop and watch what flies by.I will be back.  This is one of those places where going just once is not enough!!
5	I went here for the very first time a week and a half ago and I have to say this place blew my mind. I found out while I was here it actually had to close down some of it's lakes that used to be open, I only noticed this because as we walked around we saw the dried up lakes, but that said there's still not 1, but 9 beautiful lakes here, a ton of birds, all the information you could possibly want, and best of all... It's free.This place is magic, an oasis in the middle of the desert for a ton of migrating birds and a lot that nest here as well. The people were all very friendly, and honestly the views from this place couldn't be beat. We saw a ton of birds, bunnies, and even had an experience where some geese got all too curious about what I was doing and walked up to me to say hello.This place is what 5 star ratings were meant for, I only wish I could give it 10.
4	Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve isn't just for the birds. It is also for people who want to spend a couple of hours outdoors enjoying nature. I am one of them.   The first impression of Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve is blah. It is located in an industrial area of Galleria Drive east of Boulder Highway. There is no grand scenery to welcome you to Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve [from here on abbreviated HBVP]. In fact, the driveway is by the Henderson Animal Control Center. The drive way to the Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve is just like the driveway to a military base. After a curve, you enter a fenced in parking lot through an open gate. I am serious when I write that a couple of years ago when I first started visiting the HBVP, I had to stop at a gate, dial a number, and they would buzz me in. Near the gate are the posted hours. The hours are ridiculously short. In the winter they close at 2 PM. and the summer at 12 PM. It is worth noting that there is plenty of parking.   To get into the preserve, you have to make a stop at the preserve office. The knowledgeable volunteers will prompt you to fill out your name, where you live, and the time you check-in. They will be enthusiastic to answer your questions and will be more than happy to provide you with a preserve map and birding check list.  The layout of HBVP resembles a tic-tac toe board. There is a perimeter trail with interior trails that criss-cross with ponds in the middle. There are at least twelve ponds. The majority of the ponds are alive with water and waterfowl. At the eastern periphery there are a couple of dry ponds. Supposedly they are home to owls. My favorite ponds are the ones in the southeast section. With their tall wetlands and  healthy waterfowl population they remind me of a Florida wetland transplanted in the Nevada desert.  The City of Henderson has put some money into HBVP. There is a boardwalk that is placed over a large section of one pond and the adjacent wetlands (also looks over the back of Sam Boyd Stadium). Nearby there is an observation tower that provides fantastic views of the ponds and Wetlands Park out to Frenchman Mountain and Rainbow Gardens. There are visors for viewing the birds unnoticed.   According to the information signs, HBVP is home to many creatures. They include roadrunners, coyotes [Wow! A Roadrunner, Wild E. Coyote, and open desert], rabbits, owls, and so on. On my visits, I have only seen waterfowl and rabbits. Maybe if HBVP closed after 2 PM., I would see more creatures.  HBVP is more than bird viewing. The perimeter trails overlook the open spaces of Wetlands Park. In the distance over Wetlands Park stands Frenchman Mountain. The neat thing about the desert is that mountains look a lot closer than what they really are. I have taken a few pictures of Frenchman Mountain towering over the ponds. There are also a couple of trails that give the illusion that they lead to Frenchman Mountain. Frenchman Mountain vistas are such a part of HBVP that there is an information kiosk that explains the geology of Frenchman Mountain.   I really like HBVP. It really frustrates me that every time I visit the place that I get really into the experience and have to end up rushing out because it closes an hour before the usual lunch special ends. I appreciate all the work that the Volunteers do. However, this is a city park and the department of parks needs to hire a couple of employees to keep it open til sundown. A ridiculously early closing time takes away from the experience, which leaves me with no option to take off a star.
5	I usually don't give a place a five star rating without checking it out several times first. This place deserves an exception. I love nature, solitude, serenity, and walking for exercise. This place gives an abundance of all of these. The preserve was clean, beautiful, and deserted (saw no one except near the nature center ). There was lots of wildlife though. Several jackrabbits, three different pair of quails, and of course, birds galore.I myself am not a bird watcher, but for nature thats close to home (with lots of water), this place cant be beat !And heres a shoutout for Christine , the friendly nature center guide. She was so nice & informative too. I am SO coming back here. I camt believe its five minutes from my house and this is the first Time ive been here. Thats Vegas for you! Suprising hidden gems here there & everywhere :)
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 79/100Armed with the knowledge that closing times are cut short during the hotter months, one of my galpals and I came here on the first day of summer to delight in the valley's naturistic sites while 120 degree days were weeks away. We got to the preserve a little later than we intended. By 10:30am, many of the birds have already taken cover in outlying areas and most of what were left were eared grebes & northern pintails who kept themselves cool in the ponds. We might've spotted a gambel's quail couple scurrying to cross one pavement but didn't make it in time to snap a picture. Fortunately, we got to spend time with a cute verdin who kept flapping back and forth to check up on its nest. By 11:30am, we were forced to hit the shade next to the visitor center or else we'd come home smelling like roast turkeys. It didn't take us long to encircle the preserve. All you'd need to do is follow the concrete path and you'll come across ponds 1-3. Short route but not a lot of birds to see. On the other hand, you can choose to veer off and take the dirt path to reach ponds 4-9. We were told that they are more active. My friend and I had a lot of fun and felt like we were well away from the Vegas we know. The preserve was quiet, peaceful and provided the well-needed company of serene wildlife. However, I believe the preserve could improve people's enjoyment level more by adding a little more shade. Many benches lined the paths, but they did not look too comfortable under the 90-ish degree sunlight. I understand that budget cuts are a problem (according to the guy at the visitor center) so for you (and your children's) safety, wear a ton of sunblock and come in the wee hours of the morning. They do open at 6am in the summer!
5	This place is a gem (in my post it will be referred to as HBVP). I did my research before visiting my parents in Las Vegas last Christmas, and put HBVP at the top of my to-do list. As a novice birder from Illinois, I was hoping to see lots of western avifauna and was not disappointed. I got 14 life birds at HBVP; that's 14 species that I have never before seen in my life. It was very exciting.The layout of the park makes leisurely strolling the way to experience everything. There were many large pools, with plenty of vegetation along the edges, as well as spans of scrubby desert. A spotting scope would be ideal but we didn't have one and it didn't really take away from the experience at all.Some have complained about the hours of operation of HBVP, but I don't understand their complaints. It's a bird viewing preserve...not only are birds more active in the earlier parts of the day, but closing it for long stretches allows the birds to not be observed and relax a little bit with no humans around. It's a fine policy and I support it 100%. I was fortunate enough to find ecologist Jim Boone online, who runs a hiking and birding guide service. Him and his wife accompanied me and my brother on the trip and really were the "X factor" that made the trip truly memorable. Jim was very familiar with the park and the staff, and of course with the birds and other wildlife. I even got a lesson on Nevadan geology when I asked Jim about the surrounding mountains. You should really not hesitate to use his services if you visit Las Vegas.Like a previous poster noted, I'd give HBVP 10 stars if I could! It's worth the short drive out of Vegas, and along with Red Rock Canyon, is among the most delightful natural experiences you'll have in the southwest.
5	A hidden oasis in Henderson. I found this place last year, thanks to a wildlife photographer and  it's been a favorite spot ever since. What makes this place stand out is the large variety of birds each pond has a different group. The species vary based on the time of day & season. I see the most birds early in the morning, the preserve opens at 6am.         The grounds are well maintained and the staff is very friendly and helpful. You sign in at the little office and out the door to the ponds. There are bird blinds, a pier type lookout and a 2 story observation deck located around the 7 ponds. You will also see plenty of rabbits, lizards and etc.Located off of galleria in Henderson , the bird preserve is a great spot to visit. SUMMER HOURS ARE 6AM-NOON. bring plenty of water , some sunscreen and a good pair of binoculars. Best of all it's FREE!!!
5	I really don't have to say much about this place because everyone who has rated this a 4 or 5 star pretty much says it all.  The end!!
