4	first time eating at sonic!  they need to open some of these in the bay area!  had the spicy southwest burger, which has crispy jalapeno strips, with some fries and a cherry limeaid drink.  pretty yummy!
4	Man, they need more of these all over the place.  When I lived in San Diego, the closest was about an hour and a half away.  Now that I live in San Jose, the closest is an hour and a half away!  Thank God my parents live in Las Vegas now.  Everytime I go to visit, I try and make a stop over here.  Their menu is like no other fast food joint.  It's kind of like Jack In The Box, but better.  And their drinks, wow, what a selection!  My favorite is this orange drink that tastes exactly like a 50/50 bar.  Now, that's good stuff!
4	FREAKIN AWESOME DRUNK FOOD!!!! They have things that you usually might get at a diner, but it's more convenient because you don't have to get out of the car! Yay to corn dogs, mozzerella cheese sticks!!!!!, chili cheese dogs with fritos, shakes, and desert and blah blah mmMM.. dRoOoL.... like everyone else said... i want one by my house.... =(
5	I'll tell ya, the thing that makes these burgers so tasty are those diced onions.  They're like the most perfect sized cut onions I've ever seen.  Ok, so I'm easily amused in Vegas, maybe due to the delirium and toxicity, but these  burgers are great.  You can enjoy the burger without the diced onion, but I wouldn't recommend it.  Oh!  I almost forgot to tell you about their milkshakes!  They're good.  Great with a little booze added... like a Mudslide but better.  Better because it's Vegas.
3	the drinks here are soooo good. as for the food.....eh
3	3.5 stars!  Ok, it's fast food....that's why, but it's really good fast food.  We were heading back home and needed to make a stop for a quick bite to eat.  We pulled up and ordered the whole menu at those little old-fashioned speakers that are in your individual parking spot!  It was so cool.  Then the Sonic workerS brought out our food!  It was a neat experience; like going back in time.  The food was deliciOOOOso!  it was great.  my hubby had a burger and i had a chicken sandwich, fries and we sampled a drink...got a sundae and a shake.  We like to eat a lot, OK!  we don't have a Sonic near us, so we wanted to load up and try as many items on the menu --- we didn't go too overboard, but left feeling contently-stuffed.  the food was good enough to go back and definitely worth trying instead of sticking to Mickey-D's.
5	SONIC was great!  Where can you get a meal for two for $8?  We ordered the brown bag special,  two burgers with cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, one with tater tots and one with french fries and 2 drinks.  We also ordered a grape creamslush and the worker gave us 2 for the price of one...it was delicious.  We went here several times during our trip and the service was excellent every single time....I wish they had a Sonic in Hawaii.
4	My first Sonic experience. I have never been so sick from eating so much ice cream (Sonic Oreo Blast), woah!It was good though. The hotdog was also awesome. I can't wait to try out more items when I come visit again.
4	Friendly service, food came out fast :)
4	Poweraid slush so good
4	I frequented this Sonic for years when I lived in Vegas.  Since moving away, Sonic is really the only thing about Vegas (aside from a few really good people) that I miss. No Sonic where I ive now, but the commercials taunt me. The drinks are the best.  Go between 2-4 pm for happy hour.  Half price drinks.I hate to admit being addicted to their Super Sonic breakfast burritos, and even have a weakness for their foot-long coneys. Generally, hot dogs are not something I will eat- but Sonic somehow does those right.
5	This Sonic is one of the better ones that ive been to. The food quality doesnt suffer even if the drive thru line is long and they are knocking out the cars. I prefer the Onion RIngs over the fries. Though there fries are still good. But the Onion rings are a little crispy but still soft and come out piping hot and greasy. Not all dry and burnt like some onion rings at a other establishment who will remain nameless. There is a Mcdonalds on the other corner but come on its a No Brainer where to go, when you want Scrumptous sandwiches. Delicious Desserts. Onion rings that will make you googley eyed. Drinks deserving of a king. And they are open late and i love the happy hour menu.
4	Can you say Chicago Hot Dog?  With the real banana peppers and a long pickle.  They are really good and worth the cook time.
2	We waited almost 35 mintues for two milkshakes. In the mean time, they rushed out food to cars behind us in the drive through - with orders that included ice cream.I have never seen a place more disorganized. The employees seemed to have no problem solving skills whatsoever. What a disappontment- they used to be so good!In the end, they handed us a $2 off your next visit coupon (we don't live in Las Vegas, so we'll never be able to use it) as an apology for the poor service.
4	Yay for being open on Thanksgiving! And happy hour even on Thanksgiving..made the last minute run to the store more bearable. Not only did I get the happy hour price I got a free rt. 44 coupon on my receipt!Double Score!
5	I was hesitant to give the 5 Star rating, but I gotta do it. This Sonic hits it on the mark every time I've been here.My boyfriend and I must be having coinciding sweet tooths lately because we have been hitting up this Sonic late at night to get some yummy ice cream concoctions. My boyfriend's go-to is always the M&M Blast and I usually switch between the Oreo Blast and the Chocolate Shake. I love their drinks. Sonic offers such a variety - shakes, slushes, sodas, and the sodas! I love that their Cherry Coke has a REAL cherry flavor and they top it off with a cherry!Sonic also offers more than just your ordinary fast food fare with delicious hot dogs and the option of onions or tater tots instead of fries. The burgers are always good to me. I love their brown bag special! It's such a deal. How can you pass it up?Never met an employee who was rude, although 90% of the time I have been through the drive-thru and not the pull up windows so not a whole lot of interaction with them. Sonic is a coveted institution that we in Las Vegas take for granted. People love this place and hate that they don't have their own where they live. Amazing that us Las Vegans can indulge all we want!
4	I like to stop in every so often for a limeade and an egg burrito. ya ya I know it's a weird combo but sometimes my brain needs its fix so I try appease.  The line is usually pretty long and I have to wait awhile to get to the drive thru window but I usually try to check beforehand to direct myself to the parking lot instead of waiting in line with everyone else.  Nonetheless, the staff is very nice and always smiling.
4	It's Sonic and my kids love it. Their menu is varied and the slushes make it a plus. Close to the out of the way casino we usually stay at and don't want to bother with the buffets. Tonight the carhop was especially awesome! I didn't get his name, but my son spilled his drink all over my car and he was such a BIG help! Customer service was truly outstanding!
3	Obsessed with their onion rings and cherry slushies. Love going there to just BS with my friends. Not a fan of their burgers anymore. Lately the buns have been frozen. Like literally the buns are frozen. Gross. So onion rings and cherry slushies is all I want from here. HAHAHA.
4	Quality of the food is always there! Love that they are open late and they full menu is available at all times. Great shake selections and prices, especially after 8pm. Delicious slush flavor combos.
1	Late Night ONLY! The worst shakes. Greasy whip cream that filled up half the cup. I ordered an oreo shake and it was just whip cream and a few crumbs of oreo cookie. Mix that with there nasty whip cream it was disgusting. My mistake for not asking for no whip cream, but it still should not have been half full of it. Just lazy service because it was late.
4	Try the lemonade.
1	The night crew tonight wasn't so great. Food took a while for the car ahead of us as well as our order. They also gave us the wrong order. Looked in the window n there was about 5 of them standing around talking story. No wonder our order was incorrect. The food they gave us was also cheaper then the ones ordered. :( fail on the night manager.
2	I was not too happy with the service.  There was a long wait after ordering through the drive thru; the customer in front of me actually drove out of it and left their order.  When I got to the window, I was asked if I wanted I cup holder for my 5 drinks, but then told "but we are out of the ones that hold 4, we only have the ones that hold 2 drinks."  That would not be much help for 5 drinks.  I had to ask for condiments because they were not offered.  We ordered a total of 5 meals, all with fries or tots; upon asking for ketchup, the cashier asked me if 3 would be enough.  How would 3 packets of ketchup be enough for all of the orders?  An even worse disappointment was getting home and and finding out that I was an order of fries.
4	Daniel is a restaurant that expresses the pinnacle in gourmet dining.It is not to be missed.The food service and ambience say it all.
