5	This is not actually a coffeehouse, but rather a warehouse where they roast the beans for Commonplace! It's located in the same building as the East End Brewing Company (beer), and offers whole bean coffee by the bag as well as samples of various coffees. This is a great place to pick up your stash of beans, especially if you want them as close to the roast date as possible.A few other items are also offered such as T-shirts, coffee scales, and other brewing equipment. In my opinion, these are the best coffee beans you can purchase within Pittsburgh. Since discovering this location, I've been drinking more coffee than I should because it's so delicious!
4	I believe that Commonplace roasts some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh. I would put it on the same level as Intelligentsia or Blue Bottle. This location is where they roast some if not all their beans and shares the location with the East End Brewery so a plus is that you can get a growler of beer while you're there if you visit during growler hours. I took a star away simply because the location is not that commercial or accessible and it's open for like 4-5 hours a day at seemingly random times which makes it hard to schedule a visit.
5	If you like coffee, do yourself a favor and visit Commonplace!  It isn't a coffee shop like Starbucks (although they do sell a variety of coffee beverages) so don't go expecting to sit for hours reading magazines.  But do visit and try something!  I've had espresso on each of my visits and I was extremely pleased with my beverage of choice.  Very tasty and packed the punch an espresso should have without being overpowering.An added bonus to visiting Commonplace is that they share a space with East End Brewing, so you can also sample and pick up some tasty local beer).This is the location where Commonplace roasts is beans.  I was lucky enough to attend an event where they explained their process and gave a lesson about coffee beans.  However, in return visits I have noted that any employee is equally happy to talk about their beans, coffee in general and the roasting process.  They typically offer several choices of beans to buy by the bag.  They also have a nice variety of coffee accessories ranging from filters to elaborate (and expensive) gadgets and brewing systems.  There is a small lot next to the building and street parking is also available.  If you are unfamiliar with the area, be sure to bring your GPS because it is tucked away on a small side street.
5	Amazing Macchiato in a warehouse setting / sharing space with East End Brewing Co.I was soooo grateful for the delicious jolt!Free cuppa with any bean purchase!
