5	mother mary of GOD THIS BANH Mi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Do yourself a favor.  Grab a blueberry coconut boba via one smoking hot vietnamese chick and order bahn mi.  Get 2, any pork choice will do.You will discover the secret to life.
4	Boba drinks are not the cheapest around but they are probably better than most too.Sandwiches are really great, cheap, twice I had the spring rolls, first time, really good but second time - perhaps because of the holidays, something wasn't right.Woman who works there might be one of the more attractive women I have seen anywhere and makes the stop worthwhile.Place is very clean - this is a lunch time winner
4	I swear this place has a tractor beam installed, that's programmed for my vehicle. Every time I'm within a two mile radius, I find myself at their door, thirsty for a honeydew boba tea. If that isn't enough to make me completely blissful, I'll get a banh mi too. Too bad they don't seem to know what "no cilantro" means.
3	If this were just about mango boba it would be a 4.  First time I had a Boba drink.  It was really good!Had lunch with Craig W today.  I ordered a Korean pork dish and it was ok, came with sticky rice, a sauce, some pickled veggies, something that looked and tasted like a Vietnamese quiche (really good), and some salad veggies.  Craig's pho looked pretty good and he confirmed it indeed was.Small store front but there were still plenty of tables open.  Ordering was a bit confusing at first as I was led to believe a recent change was made to their level of service.  If you are eating in they will now take your order at the table.  All the employees were friendly and service was reasonable, neither of us was on a clock today.  Total with tax and tip came to $13.11, as I have come to expect from Vietnamese restaurants it was a pretty good value.  I checked yes for outdoor seating but it consists of one table and 2 chairs total.
5	Real fruit in mango boba, not just powders - simply cannot be beaten.The reason that I am updating is that they expanded the kitchen, remodeled, tripled the size of their menu and now include Vietnamese favorites like pho, bun and broken rice dishes in addition to the excellent bahn mi (sandwiches) and the best boba drinks in town.Pho was excellent today - the broth was full of flavor before my thai basil, culantro, jalapeno, sriracha and lime juice assault and good to the last slurp.Menu is not quite a full Vietnamese restaurant menu - but there's clearly enough for several trips a month. Place is clean, food is good, service is great, women are beautiful. I know what heaven is like now.Did I mention how much I love their mango boba?
5	This place rocks!  Avocado Boba and Mango Boba are perfect.  Boba is also cooked perfect everytime... soft and chewy and slightly firm in the middle.  The food is good too.  Had the Pho and Sweet Pork sandwich.  Both tasty.  The place is very affordable and you get delicious boba and food.  Don't pass this place up!
1	their vietnamese pho sucks.aint nowhere near the real thing.the meat put in the combination pho are rubbery and look disgusting.tastes bad too so i had to keep myself from not throwing up. they only take CASH.no credit cards.no debit cards.just COLD CASH.a real bummer!one of my companions was a filipino and the chef said there wasnt anymore left of any filipino food.he left sulking and stark raving disappointed! no REST ROOMS would you believe! the over-all lay-out of the place is an Interior decorator's nightmare. even the name JUICE HOUSE simply aint right.doesnt make any dang sense. a total LET-DOWN! If you wanna waste money  and feel like you are in a hole in the wall back-eatery of somewhere 4th world,  then check this place out. i gave their boba 2 stars out of 5.....as i feel generous today.................
2	I unfortunately made it to the Grand Opening of Planet Boba. I am so sad that Juice House Boba is gone... The grand opening was extremely busy (buy 1 Boba get 1 Boba free), I ordered an avocado... the "new" owner said she was out of avocado. :( So I went for the mango. She was out of Mango, okay, well Taro. Taro they had... (I would hope so). They were also out of Boba and I had to wait 15 minutes for a fresh batch to finish cooking. Really? C'mon... well, it's grand opening, gotta get some kinks out... easily forgivable. Well, as I'm 15 minutes into waiting for my drinks... I still hadn't received the calamari I ordered. As I was sitting at the bar, I looked down at the cool refrigerated bar where they store their frozen fruits and I saw a big container of MANGO. I then see and hear the "new" owner take a Mango Boba order from an asian gentleman. WHAT?!?!?! So I turned and asked her, do you have mango? She again says, no, no mango right now. I get up from the bar seating to approach the gentleman that ordered the mango and ask him about his mango drink... it's then that the "new" owner who seems to be aware as to what I'm about to do tells the gentleman that she is out of Mango and he needs to order something else. (AT this point, I should've pointed out that she does have mango, I know what mango looks like, I'm half Filipino, though I do not really look it.) My drinks came out right then and I just grabbed them and left. This new owner obviously does not realize that it's truly mostly customer service that brings repeat business. I absolutely loved the previous owner and her no thrills but deliciously wonderful avocado and mango bobas that she made. She was a true owner that took an interest in her customers, I am sad that she moved back to Cali. As far as the drinks go, they were of very liquidy consistency and the bobas were overcooked. The calamari tasted like they purchased it premade with Italian seasonings on it. I'm actually quite confident it had Italian seasonings on them and they were heavily breaded. I frequented Juice House Boba on a regular basis making the 25 minute one-way drive at least once a week--with an owner that knew exactly what I wanted the moment I walked in. I I will not go back to Planet Boba (which now looks like a coffee shop franchise) and I will be telling my other "Boba drinking" friends to go back to Boba Tea House in Chandler. The owner can be assured of one thing... she gotta keep her frozen mango chunks, but she sure lost alot of business from Northeast Phoenix people.
4	Wait, is this Phoenix still?  Completely unexpected selection, service, pricing, and sexy girls serving flavored happy.  Thought I was in another city.
2	I was so happy to find a boba place right around the corner so I wouldn't have to drive several miles to Lee Lee's or Asiana if I didn't feel like making my own.  I requested an iced soy latte boba (like I used to get from my old fave Eba Cafe) but they couldn't make a latte.  I settled for an iced green tea with boba (brewed, not powder). The boba had a nice, chewy texture but was totally flavorless.  They were also skimpy on the amount of boba that went in the cup.  The tea itself was bitter (my guess is that they let it brew too long).  All in all, I wasted my five bucks on that and won't be going back again.
2	Um... seriously?! Seriously, Phoenix?! You are in desperate need of a decent boba place, STAT!!!I LOVE BOBA and at this point, I guess you can say I'm an amateur boba connoisseur because I drink it so often and have been to almost every boba place (in the world! hahahhaa jk).Anyway, being in Phoenix for almost a week, my boba craving was getting outta control, so The Boyfriend and I found this place and drove 10 miles out to quench my thirst. I was pretty disappointed in the lack of options... I think their menu consisted of 10 boba drinks. I got the milk tea with boba and oh man, where do I start with all the things that were wrong with it?! Lemme just give the 2 basic but very important errors in this milk tea:1. The milk tea itself was way too sweet. It was sickenly sweet to the point that it was bordering on barely resembling the taste of milk tea.2. The boba was oh-so obviously day old boba that they had reheated (most likely in the microwave). That is the number one NO-NO to a boba shop. Don't use old boba... you're disgracing boba places everywhere.Anyway, It gets 2 stars for having the guts to be the lone boba place in Phoenix area.But if I ever move down there, I am going to give you a lesson or two on how to make decent boba.
