4	Consistent service every time, rarely much of a wait and fair prices.
1	I went in this morning for a pedicure and to have my brows done. The lady began doing my nails and when another client walked in with out an appointment and asked if she could she do her fill. She then asked me if the the other lady that was eating breakfast could do my nails once she was done, so she could help the new client. Wow...I asked for a towel so I could leave that was one of the rudest things I have ever heard. I left and will never go back...just a little inconsiderate!!!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I waited over an hour to get my fill. They said it would be "just a few minutes". I would have just left but they put my friends feet in the water for her pedicure so we were trapped. She was in the water 30 minutes before they came to her. I also watched them give a full face wax to a woman. They didn't take her in the back room or anything. Just did it right there in front of everyone.
3	So, I was in NV visiting a friend. I ended up here because she was getting her hair done next door. I decided to just drop by at this salon and get a pedi while I wait for my friend. The lady that did my pedi was friendly. Everyone in there  was just going with the motion. The vibe was very quiet. Hardly anyone was speaking to each other. I don't know if that was good or a bad thing. The place is a little bit out dated. The price was reasonable for a pedicure. I watched the ladies clean the tubs and sanitized it so that was a plus. Lots of colors to choose from. I've noticed that there were a lot more glittered or "blinged" out polishes. I guess that's how Vegas likes it. The lady was wearing gloves when she worked on my feet. Ok, so then I just gave them a 3 stars instead of 2. Meh!
1	To bad I can't do a -5 on this salon ! I went in as a walk in , which they stated they accept , was told to come back in a hour. I came back exactly one hour later, sat down after checking back in , then was ignored for another half hour . When I got up to leave a nail tech at the back of the salon started yelling across the whole salon  telling me that someone just opened up. It would of been nice if she had walked over to talk to me, or better yet let me know when I came back that they were running behind,  instead  of letting me just sit there ! I could of found a nice salon in that 11/2 hours instead of waiting to be served in this dump. If you want a Nail "Salon" go elsewhere. This salon is not clean and their motto probably is "Treatem and Streetem"
1	WARNING: DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!Very dirty!! I saw them wash the facial towels with used pedicure towels, a cockroach, and there was an ant trail!! They were so rude! They didn't know I speak Vietnamese and they were talking shit about the customers and how cheap some of the customers were. They were also saying how picky they were too!Very nasty and unprofessional!!!
1	Went in for a pedicure today. Was sat in a chair right away. However the water was cold and wasn't asked how the temperature was. The technician began working on my feet right away. However he hurt me several times and felt like he was rushing. My heals are not any softer after going and the polish so already wearing off. Will not be going back.
