5	Twisted Cultures is a new self-serve yogurt bar in the North Phoenix/Anthem area. The concept is this: grab a cup, fill it with however many of the 15+ yogurt flavors you want, load it up with your choice from 50+ toppings, pay .40 an oz, and dig in.It seems so simple, yet it is so so so good. I'm a sucker and a half for cake batter with sprinkles and gummy bears. A fellow customer once put it best, "it brings out the inner kid in you". It really is an addiction - we've been probably 12 times in the last three weeks and I don't see the trend slowing now that the weather is starting to warm up. It also doesn't help that we live less than a mile away.If you're in the area or driving by, definitely make a stop for some yogurt and spoil your inner kid.
3	I love Frozen Yogurt Bars and have been to several around the Valley. Twisted Cultures has the concept down the right path, but the consistancy is not quiet there. Too Runny and Too much flavoring . Hopefully they will figure that out so i dont have to drive to Cave Creek to get my fix.
3	This place is okay for what it is...  Yvette had it spot-on in her review about the consistency and taste. They have the right idea but have somethings to work on. There was a good looking young man (a cutey if I say so myself and I do say so... )working the register when I was there and he had very good customer service. There was a sloppy looking girl there with him who was chatting her mouth off about why she was late for work and about how her stitches opened up. I lost my appetite immediately but bit my tongue at saying anything although I wish I did now that I am writing this.I was excited that they had mochi until I found out that they were strawberry flavored not plain and they were all hard because they were sitting out for awhile. Good mochi is soft and pliable... this stuff was more like gummy bears. I did not see what other selections they had of toppings tas I only get mochi.... It is a deal breaker for me.I wish there was Yogurt Land somewhere close by.... It is the best place in Orange County California to get yogurt!!! And they are open till midnight at the Costa Mesa location if you need a late night fix.
5	The first quirky thing I discovered when I moved to Tempe was self-serve yogurt bars - they are EVERYWHERE, the hottest trend with college kids now. Being an indecisive soul, I was hooked on the concept of getting to mix all the flavors and toppings. I was delighted as all heck when Twisted Cultures opened 5 minutes from my parents house. They are the same concept as the Tempe ones: pick your flavors, pick your toppings, pay by weight. They have some really unique flavors (Red Velvet Cake? Margarita? Really?!) and they secured the elusive 5th star by one-upping Mojo and Yogurtini - they have a rack of "sauces". Hot fudge, hot buttered pecans, whipped cream, raspberry sauce, even chocolate frosting in a spray can - epic win. With all these goodies, when asked what was in his cup one of my friends simply replied "Stuff".  But delicious stuff.The inside is always super nice and clean, flat screen TVs, those little Chinese folding screens around one of the tables for groups or private convos. The teenage girls working could be a little more professional but perhaps it's because they feel they can chill out for my usual group of young 20 somethings.They also do a "secret word" every Thursday for half off, just find them on Facebook.
2	Have been trying to find the right time to try Twisted Cultures since we moved to the area in December.  Finally went tonight to get my wife her frozen yogurt fix.  When we walked in, we almost turned around and walked right back out - the girl at the counter, the first employee we saw upon entering, looked us up & down with a scowl on her face.  Hmmm, what did we do to offend her just by entering the place??  Decided to go for it anyway.  The place was pretty busy, full of people who seemed to be enjoying their yogurt creations.  Headed to the back to scope out the flavors available, saw a few that sounded good to us - but we had to find a way around the other employee who was huddled in the back corner flirting with 2 guys (waaaaaay too old for her) and blocking the stack of cups.  Finally got our cups and went to town loading them up with different yogurt flavors and toppings.  Paid the scowl-faced girl, still not friendly, and headed home (literally 2 minutes away) to enjoy our yogurt.  Enjoy is not really how I would describe it after all.  A little fake tasting (we had chocolate, vanilla, cake batter, coconut, and cookies and cream between us), sorta weird and gritty texture and just not the best we have had.   Unfortunately when you add up the unprofessional and somewhat rude service, along with the weird after taste and the cost, we will not be returning to Twisted Cultures.  Too bad, though, because my wife loves frozen yogurt and if it had been any good she would have been a devoted customer.
4	TOPPINGS!!   So many delicious toppings. They have gummy hamburgers.  That's gross, but it makes me laugh every time I see them. I've had better yogurt at other self-serve places but this is still yummy and close to my house.
5	Love the TOPPINGS! The Greek Honey is my favorite. Close to home and they have great staff. Also don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program so you get points for every dollar you spend.
2	The toppings and yogurt very rarely change and the staff for the most part is rude and unfriendly. They seem inconvenienced when they have to do there job. Im not a fan.
2	We hadn't been to Twisted Cultures in probably a good year, and after our visit last week I have to say it just isn't good. Not compared to the usual places we frequent in Central Phoenix. The yogurt isn't as frozen as it should be, and comes out of the machine too soft - yuck. None of the flavors really stood out either, and they all had an "off" taste. Toppings are run of the mill. I can see why it's popular being that it's the only yogurt place in the area. But if you're headed in to town you're better off waiting.
1	Don't go to the Glendale/Peoria location. Machines are old, dirty and employees were just sitting around. Zero customers, yogurt melted within a few minutes. Over four dollars and wasn't even 1/2 to the top. Very artifical flavor. Please put in a Golden Spoon in Glendale!! Much better quality, quantity and  customer service.
2	I love this type of place. The yogurt was good. The topping selection was amazing. But the customer service lacked. The lady acted like she was bored and annoyed there were customers. She didn't smile at all. We were on vacation, so we were letting the kids be a bit spoiled and top their yougurt with whatever they wanted, and the lady looked at my kids like they were disgusting pigs. They weren't being messy or loud, but I felt like she just didn't want us there. Then when the kids discovered they'd gotten more than they could eat, she watched them throw their cups away with an even more sour look on her face.
2	Yogurt is good, service is good.  But, the toppings have changed since I was there a year ago.  I am used to getting a variety of fresh fruit toppings.  They had a total of three.  All the other toppings were candy.   Just Mango, Pineapple, and blackberries.   I happen to like all three, but, I'll definitely visit a place with healthier options next time.  I do choose yogurt over ice cream, supposedly for the health benefits.  Pointless if you just bury it in candy toppings.
4	My family loves this little self-serve frozen yogurt bar.  They keep a variety of favors rotating through and keep a few favorites (chocolate, vanilla, etc.) all the time.  There is also a good variety of toppings to choose from.  The shop is kept clean, the prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly.  They also always have family friendly movies on the TVs so it's comfortable to sit and finish off your yogurt instead of letting the kids take it in the car with them.  They can also quickly check on allergens in their yogurt.  I highly recommend this spot.  My only complaint is that they no longer carry smaller cup sizes, so my three year old gets the same cup as my husband whether I want it or not.
5	Hello everyone, we are now under new ownership. Please come in and give us a try. We have new exciting flavors, new fresh toppings and new promotions. We only use YoCream frozen yogurt, which is the best on the market. Look forward to serving y'all and check our Facebook page for our latest promotion.
5	The best toppings of any yogurt place I've been to in AZ. Yogurt selections are top notch (Pom rasp, cheesecake, peanut butter, etc...).  The toppings include mochi, boba, fresh berries, variety of toasted nuts and hot dressings like butter pecan. It helps that the proprietor is a down to earth all around cool guy. I come here every week to get my fix and surf the web (free wifi).  Highly recommended.
5	It was fun while it lasted. They no longer do business here. It was a great place to sit down, enjoy some great yogurt, meet with friends and get work done.
