5	I've been studying belly dance with Mahin for nearly a year.  She is insightful, encouraging, very descriptive and really strives to share a common love and understanding of the culture with her students.Mahin always maintains an atmosphere that is relaxed, comfortable and will allow her students to express themselves fully without judgement.  If one person has a question, it is likely many others do- so SHARE! :)It is such a fun, exciting and healthy way to dance.  I personally look forward to the next class, the minute the current one ends!-Christy
5	I've been studying with Mahin for about a year now and it has been some of the best time, energy and money spent on anything in my life.  I've always loved to dance but never invested this much in any style and frankly exercise has never been my favorite word.  Now I can't imagine not showing up every week for class.  It's become a part of my life; keeping stress at bay and giving me an outlet for my creativity.  Mahin challenges us every day but keeps the atmosphere casual and welcoming; working patiently with each student until they get it.  She not only shares the steps of the dance but also it's cultural signficance really giving us an appreciation and understanding of it in context.  If you are looking for a teacher who is patient, fun and challenging, I cannot recommend Mahin highly enough.  You'll work your butt off in her class but I guarantee you'll enjoy it.Oh and I also wanted to add that she is very active in the local belly dancing community which is especially helpful to new students who find that they want to get involved and become a part of it.  It's not required of course but the opportunity is there.
5	Mahin is GREAT! A friend of mine had a girls night in back in February, and as a extra surprise, she hired Mahin to come in and teach us some belly dancing techniques. It was so much fun. Mind you were were all a little tipsy and full from eating so Mahin made us work off all those extra calories by making us work our hips. She taught us some basic steps that were very easy to learn as we were able to show off our new moves by doing little dances of our own. Mahin even performed for us. She is AMAZING!!! AMAZING! At the end of the night, were able to purchase the hip scarf we used. It was a great night and extra fabulous treat courtesy of a GREAT friend. Thanks Mahin!!!
5	Mahin was amazing! We had a girl's night-in last month to celebrate a milestone birthday.  It was part lesson & part performance. She started the evening out with a dance-floor style lesson to teach us some belly dance moves. We had a blast learning to shimmy & shake! She even brought a basket of hip scarves with dozens of silver & gold coins for us to wear. I can definitely see how it would be a great workout out! I can't wait to try out one of her Saturday afternoon class. Mahin then changed into a sparkling performance costume & put on a little show for our group. I think we all wanted our own pair of finger cymbals by the time she was done! We had a ton of fun & it made the evening an extremely memorable occasion.
