5	The last post was right, the word needs to get out! We are always saying how we need more delicious mom and pops in the valley and here is one of them! Everything was fresh and at a great price. There is not a lot of seating, so consider placing an order to go and buying some of their frozen ones for later. They also have quite the selection in their market.
5	We all need to support this business so it succeeds!! The owner wants to expand the cafe portion of her store. The food is delicious, pierogis fresh and homemade. The east valley needs more wonderful Eastern European food like this. I highly recommend the food here.
5	Everything here is as good as it gets and tastes just like my grandma used to make. I am a huge fan of this place!
5	So, I finally made it here with a few friends!THE FOODSo for the Russians out there, this place has a huge variety of . For the Ukrainians out there, you already knew that :)Besides variety of Pierogis that you can either buy from the fridge and cook on your own (actually, just 5 minutes in hot water, as they are pre-cooked), you can also order any of them to eat right there. We've tried a few types and liked them all, obviously some more than other, personal preferences and all. There are also a few more types of food (sausages and what not), that I can't comment on just yet, but expect them to be good.There is also some food for sale (pickles, caviar, soups, some awesome syrups, bread, etc.) so you can walk away with a variety of things to eat.SETTINGFor the restaurant portion, it's just two tables for four each.  They plan to expand to that soon, which I am definitely looking forward to, so I can bring some more friends (at the same time).SERVICEGood! There were numerous take out orders, so our orders came out a bit slower, but we accounted on that from the beginning. It was definitely worth it.OTHERCan't wait for them to expand seating area!SUMMARYGo here!
5	This has recently become one of my favorite lunch spots.  Its a small place with only 3 or 4 tables and a few shelves of Polish (Ukrainian?) groceries.  They do sell frozen pierogis but stop in and try them fresh - you'll fantasize about them.They have a small lunch menu - basically several types of pierogis, sausage, and various substances covered in cabbage.  Not so hot on the last two but I've had most of the kinds of pierogis they sell and they are all great.  Try the farmers cheese and potato ones fried with sour cream and bacon on them!Also - Last time I was there they were also selling bits of a 5 lb block of sunflower halva.  Its a desertish thing that looks like... well it looks like you'd find it on a barn floor but it tastes wonderful. Definitely give that a try if your looking for something new.
5	My wife and her brother are from Ukraine and all the food is truly legit. The place is small so you should order ahead ad everything takes time to prepare. Its worth the wait. The stuffed stuffed cabbage with chicken and potato Pierogi are awesome
5	I have only been here once, but it was delicious! I am planning many return back, but unfortunately Polish food doesn't fit too well with my healthy eating plan ;). In all seriousness, the people that run this place were very nice, and I had the crepes which were very good. Perfectly made. When I ordered I said I wanted the cheese Blinchiki, completely not thinking that they are probably Polish or Ukrainian, and not Russian! Felt a little bad, but they knew what I was talking about. Can't wait to eat here again. I'm going for the pierogi this time. I usually make homemade pierogi with my grandmother, and it takes us six or seven hours. Too much work! I am glad there is an eastern european store around these parts. This is the first I've seen, and I really hope it stays!
4	The pierogi and pelmeni that I purchased here were very good.  The sauerkraut and mushroom pierogi were good, and the chicken pelmeni were good.  The attendant was Ukrainian.  She was nice.  She understood my broken Russian.  I have some Russian language skills.
1	I am NOT certain which I am more disappointed in, writing this less than stellar Review or the dining experience itself, as I approached my visit with great anticipation.I believe that the recent Positive Republic Review and others may have stressed this little Restaurant beyond its capability. The Cashier mentioned that ""we have been slammed," although there were only four others dinning at other tables on this day. Nonetheless, my father (A Chef) always said that "the test of a good Restaurant is consistency." That being said, my Review follows.I opted on my first visit to "Test" lots, so I went for the "Sample Plate." It had:           Stuffed Cabbage - which was cold, not even warm, but of excellent            quality with a nice tomato sauce.           Home Made Polish Sausage - Absolutely tasteless. Not even a hint of spice,            it also was served less than hot and not really even warm.           Pierogi - I opted for three different kinds and found each to be pasty and            without much flavor, although unlike their "plate mates" they were served            hot. Caramelized onions would have been a good and likely tasty addition,            but I opted for the sour cream. My barometer for Pierogi is a New Jersey            Polish Restaurant and unfortunately, even after all these years, I have NOT            found any others to measure up.The staff was quite nice and welcoming, although meals are served on paper plates with plastic utensils and that is generally a "no, no" for me, as it makes cutting things (Polish Sausage) difficult.Value? Not at all certain that if everything was FABULOUS, I would have felt it was a good value.In keeping with my personal philosophy of writing a Good Review only after two visits or more and writing a "Less Than Good Review" after only one visit, I will NOT be returning.
5	This place made my day!  I had the fried cabbage perogi, which was delicious.  Another piece of yum was the simple sour cream based fried crunchy.  The powdered sugar made it just sweet enough.  The main pierogi plate for me though was the potato and mushroom with caramelized onions and sour cream on top.   perfection!   Like the kind I loved getting in the Rusky neighborhoods of NYC.  Fantastic service.  Clean locale, limited seating, but its to simple to take something to go.  My only wish is that the cherry varenikis were a menu item.
5	Recently my child and I were driving around looking for a meal when we saw this place next to Thai Basil. She's 1/4 Polish and I have eastern European ancestry, so we immediately started drooling. It was 5:30 and didn't realize they closed at 6pm. The very nice young lady behind the counter told me we'd be fine, so we ordered. She had two types of pierogi and I had pierogi and stuffed cabbage sampler with pork. OMG it was DELICIOUS! So good. I read another review that said stuff was cold or not tasty, but I have no idea why. These were tasty (not like spicy like Mexican stuff people expect around here), and everything is freshly made so obviously hot. I didn't mind the paper plates but the plastic knives were really flimsy. If you're going to have throw away utensils, pick a studier brand.
4	First time here today. Got my order to go, 24 pierogis, 3 stuffed cabbages, & a couple sausages. Pierogis are available fried or boiled & sausages can be cooked or uncooked. Added on caramelized onions for pierogis. Wasn't a fan of the sausage & sauerkraut, a little bland for my taste. Pierogis were delicious, went with the potato & cheddar ones. Had the beef stuffed cabbage & they were really tasty & included a creamy tomato sauce.There's only about four tables for dining in. The side wall is dedicated to Polish groceries. They have a nice selection of drinks, side dishes, & desserts including several frozen cakes & a HUGE variety of frozen pierogis to take home.
5	I grew up eating stuffed cabbage and homemade pierogis from my grandmas kitchen and that is exactly what I got from the All Pierogi Kitchen!  It was delicious! Perfect pierogis (boiled) and the stuffed cabbage (beef) was just like grandmas.  I couldn't have been happier with the service either, very kind and patient.  I will definitely be back and can't wait to take my grandma here when she comes to visit.  I want to try a lot more of the shop items, I only got an ice cream bar and it was crazy delicious too.  Very very happy with this completely authentic kitchen!
4	All Pierogi Kitchen1245 W. Baseline RoadMesaSometimes you find a gem in a place where you never thought you would find one. This is a gem! The owner (and employees) come from the Ukraine, and the food is as authentic as it gets. I've eaten there a number of times now, and the food is consistent, flavorful, and wonderful. They have a total of 4 stores across the valley.I started with a bowl of borscht. This wasn't the stuff from a jar, but real, homemade borscht with sour cream in the middle. I know that in the Slavic countries, borscht isn't necessarily made with beets, and even sometimes has meat in it, but this was so good I could have made the entire meal out of it. Even a beet hater would have enjoyed this.Next, I ordered the Sample Plate ($13.88). A stuffed cabbage roll, a polish sausage, and 6 pierogi. Eating the stuffed cabbage brought back wonderful memories of my mothers cooking and tears to my eyes. It was a big roll with wonderful sauce on top - not too spicy and piping hot exactly like my mother used to make.Next I tried the polish sausage. Again, different than what you get in most places - flavorful, but not overly spiced, and not a trace of grease. Finally were  the pierogi. I ordered mine fried, and they were perfection. In the assortment that I ordered were potato, cabbage, sauerkraut, cabbage and mushroom, and potato and cheese. They were all fabulous and served with a side of heavy sour cream and sauteed onions. In particular, the sauerkraut and the cabbage deserve high praise. The cabbage was almost naturally sweet, and the sauerkraut was not the typical sour stuff you usually get.They also have sweet pierogi made with cherry, blueberry, apple and cinnamon, prune, and other flavors that you can order.Everything is handmade on the premises (you can even see them making them in the back) and the pierogi are cooked to order. In the front is a small grocery section which has all sorts of imported foods.The only reason they did not get 5 stars is because there is no atmosphere at all. It's basically a grocery store with 6 tables that you may have to wait to sit at because of the crowd. If you are only interested in having wonderful food, home made, made by wonderful people who are genuinely interested in making sure you have a good experience and leave stuffed, then this is the place for you.I'm usually happy to write my reviews and share them, but this is the first time I'm hesitant to have it published. The place is already busy and I'm afraid I won't be able to get in if they get any more business!4 stars for excellent food, attentive service, and cleanliness.
5	This is the place where I can enjoy really delicious authentic Russian/Ukrainian food. I absolutely loved their juicy pelmeni.
5	We don't have many  excellent places in the area, so this was a great find. It was recommended by my colleagues who were apparently trying to keep it a secret!Excellent the pierogies of potato and onion with caramelized onion. Excellent the polish sausage. Everything home made and tasting like it.Will be back and with any friend who comes to visit.Suggestion: it would be great to have some homemade dessert for those of us that like to indulge.
4	Growing up in the west,  I'd never tried a Pierogi before,  so I wanted to make sure I had the full experience.   We were definitely not disappointed, and we'll be making another trip back soon.   The family and I got 2 of the 12 piece assortments,  and a beef stuffed cabbage roll.   We got 3 each of all the potato pierogi's and 3 each of all 3 of the meat,  all very tasty.   I got all the meat ones fried along with the farmers cheese and potato,  and the rest were boiled. Next time we're getting all fried,  but boiled was ok too.  Only problem was that none of them were labeled,  so we had to cut them all in half to see what they were. The cabbage roll was very juicy and the beef was cooked perfectly,  and the tomato sauce they topped it with was chunky and tasty, with a hit of sweetness and red bell pepper.   They close early,  so get there before you make plans for the evening or "No Pierogi's for you"!
5	This place has become like a security blanket for one of my husband's new coworkers who is from Poland. Located in the former Hippie taco place (dang that place was good too!), this place is run by a great couple with cool Polish accents. The ambience is nothing to write home about but the food makes up for it ten-fold. Each time we visit we order combinations of different perogies and also buy some to bring home (located in their freezer).  They even have apple perogies, which imakes for a great, quick dessert at home.Recently my husband met a coworker who is from Poland. He complained that the American food was nothing like Polish food. Being a descendant of Poland, my husband brought this guy here and they now frequent it at least once per month.Oh, and for those who don't know what a perogie is, think of a very fresh, large ravioli, stuffed with mashed potatoes or meat or apples....yummmm!
4	I've never had a beef pierogi untill eating here and it was very good.  The other varieties I tried where also very good.  The stuffed cabbage was also tasty, but the sausage was a bit dry.  Overall I will be coming back for more.  Be prepared to wait for good home cooked food.
3	All Pierogi Kitchen is what I'd expect from a local mom & pop restaurant ... And actually, it's not much of a restaurant as much as a little shop. They have a small area with about 4 or 5 tables, a small counter to place orders, & a freezer with pierogies made up to go. When we went in, I ordered the chicken pierogies & the potato pierogies with sour cream. They asked if I'd like them prepared boiled or pan fried - I said pan fried. I definitely was not a fan of how oily they came out. It took some time to get our order, which was actually a good thing b/c we could see a lady making the pierogies fresh in the kitchen. They were served on paper plates. I'd say that overall, the experience was rather disappointing.
5	I had a surprise party to plan for my wife, and one of friends suggested getting Russian food from All Pierogi.  I called the place and explained that we needed enough food and variety for 30 people, and Natasha gave a great advice regarding quantities as well as recommendations for various dishes.Everything turned out excellent, and everyone at the party was very pleased with food.  We are both Russian and half the people at our party were Russian - people were complimentary how great everything tasted.Now we know where to get some great prepared Russian meals!
5	OMG!  This place is great and authentic.Eat here, take it to go or buy it frozen to cook later at home.  Pierogie - various stuffingsPelmeni - various stuffingsStuffed cabbage - pork, beef or chickenSausageAll homemade!Borsch, sweet cabbage salad, and a store with a variety of ethnic delights.
5	Thankfully I found this place to satisfy my Pierogi fix.  I usually buy around 8 dozen at a time.  They are exactly how my grandmother used to make them.  They have every kind of pierogi imaginable.  Personally, I love the sauerkraut / potato and cheese and any of them with bacon.  Natasha, the very passionate owner was even kind enough to make a special order with filling that I brought in.  Now that is customer service at its best.  Don't waste your time buying store bought pierogi's.  It is worth the trip to APK to stock up.
5	Today was the first time I have been here, and I was very pleased! The food was fresh, hot, and wonderful! My husband and I tried a bit of everything, and we fully intend on returning! We are also excited about the deli items we purchased!
3	Nice place, friendly lady. Small and cozy. No high chair, bring your own ;) Just wasn't super impressed.  They tasted like the ones you buy at Costco.  Was hoping for better.  Glad I was already on that side of town.
4	Dumplings bring joy and happiness the world round and pierogi's are the gold standard.  The Ukranian owners are friendly and have assembled a menu that is expansive and cheap.  Load up early as this place closes at 6.
5	Omg so delicious.we tried the pork and potato cheese jalapeno perogis.bought them frozen and prepared at home.def will go back! YUM
5	Huge perogi fan here. Love them. Back east there are always lots of places serving them, but none that I have known about here. Finally we have somewhere in the Phoenix area! I have eaten in (get them with everything) and taken the frozen ones home. The bags are a little expensive, but worth it. They have a lot of different flavors to try. The lady running the place looks at me like I am crazy everytime I am in there. I am so enthusuastic about their food! They also have a number of other eastern European food items for purchase.
5	Great Pierogis !
5	Outstanding!  Cabbage rolls!  Cabbage rolls!  CABBAGE ROLLS!  Get them with beef!  Soooooooo good.  They're the perfect texture, filling is hot, substantial and SO TASTY.  The red sauce they use is just sweet and tangy enough.My fiancee let me have a taste of the smoked sausage she had on her plate and it was of equal quality to everything else we had.The pierogi come in so many different varieties and the plate meals are just the right amount of food.Lastly, we purchased a poppy-seed roll to snack on for the weekend I was in town.  It was one of the best I'd had.Service is great too!  The ladies are very nice!
4	0-3 stars for food quality0-2 stars for serviceStaff greeted everyone very nicely, even though it was busy, they all were kind and highly professional when it came to customer service. They pumped through the line and answered all of my questions as I have never had a perogi before. They gave accurate waiting times, 10 minutes, to everyone that was there. I got the sausage plate with a beef, chicken, and pork perogi. They also make their own fresh seurcrout. Their soda machine didn't have ice.  I said it was OK but the soda pretty warm too The Polish sausage was well packed and tight.  But it was not seasoned wellThe dough was well boiled and seared on 1 side. The filling of all 3 was quite bland. 2 -  food would have gotten a 3 if it was seasoned and if they had ice2 -  staff was amazing
5	Reviews are mixed. It may be the less than stellar reviews are unreasonable comparisons. The food was extremely good, the people are most pleasant and service is good. I had a wonderful soft drink Gubernija KBAC. There is nothing in America remotely close. The hot Borsch soup was also unique. Wonderful but unlike anything familiar. The smoked sausage plate was fantastic. The flavors are a delight. Some reviewer said the sausage is bland.That is like saying a dancer is softer than a steamroller. The flavors are excellent but subtle. The steady stream of customers are big fans. I spoke with a number of very pleasant customers. One was seated about ten feet away and said, you look like you are in heaven. He was correct.
5	I came here for authentic eastern European food.  I was very happy with my selections and the front counter lady was very nice.  I purchased the lunch pierogi plate and the pork stuffed cabbage.  Fantastic...  I loved the sauerkraut and farmers cheese pierogi....  I even bought a bag of cheese to go!  Divey, order and pay at counter...  Very happy customer.. oh.  and my brother picked up some Russian Pickles and Pickled Cabbage.  The pickles are great, and I will have to make some stuffed cabbage out of the pickled stuff..
5	Friendly service and excellent pierogi, Polish sausage, and other charming Eastern European goodies :)
