5	I went to a Speed Dating event that Kliquenow put together, and I had a blast! It was more fun than I expected. There were normal people just as curious as I was, it really wasn't too awkward. I met some cool girls- but if none of them pan out I would definitely try it again! It might be even more fun if you bring a friend.
1	If I could rate this zero stars I would.  I am 43 years old.  I attended an event for 31-45 year olds.  Not only were there at least 5 men under 30 at the event, I found myself across the table from an 18 year old who had just graduated from high school.  These people did not check IDs and when I approached them about it they were very nonchalent about it and told me there was nothing they could do ... erm, how about check IDs?  When I suggested that, they said they had been but that people were claiming discrimination and dropping out, so they stopped carding.  Funny, if they were a bar, that wouldn't exactly be legal now would it?  And if you are not willing to prove your age for an event with specific age parameters, what are you hiding??So 5 or 6 out of 20 men kind of narrowed down the playing field quite a bit - considering the money I had to pay to attend this event, I found this to be rather unfair and just wrong.And to make matters worse, they matched me with someone I said NO to and gave him my email address, and didn't list one of the men I DID say yes to.The entire thing was a fiasco and I will never use their services again.
5	Kliquenow is a fantastic speed dating company. The people who run the company and do the events do a great job. Comicon  speed dating was such a blast! Lots and lots of fun people - a few hiccups because lots of people showed up at the last minute. But most people rolled with it and it was fun!!!!
3	Ashwin and the folks at Kliquenow tried to do right by me and offered me a free event run directly by them, so I went.  It was much better than the Comicon event, so I am now giving them more stars.  It is a fun way to meet a lot of people in a short amount of time, but beware of going with friends of the same sex, as if you both like the same people, it can get awkward, especially if you both choose someone who chooses you both.  I say if you are single and trying to flex your social muscle, check out an event.
