3	First a preliminary rant, yay. The typical compliant against Qdoba is that "it's not authentic Mexican."  I say, "Who cares?"  I don't see why food has to confer to what people think it should be if its successful on its own merits.  The valid comparison in my mind is not whether the food adheres to what you expect it should be, but practically how it compares to other restaurants of similar class.So the Dobe offers stuffed burritos that while pricey, around 6-8 dollars, for grab-n-go are a good chunk of food.  I recommend going when you're absolutely starved.  Like Subway, the Dobe offers you nearly all the extra ingredient fixings you want, a nice selection of hot sauces, and vegetarian options.  I prefer their shredded cheese more than many burrito places method of one or two slabs of cheese because it's more noticeable here.  Their more inventive options I've had less success with including their BBQ Mole Sauce which was blah, stick with what you know you like.  Their menu irritatingly describes the options so similarly its very hard to distinguish much between items.  Largely, you're burrito is defined by what you specifically ask them to put in it rather than any menu selection.  Essentially, for those who like more in the burritos, copious amounts more, Qboda will shine since you can insist I them putting in everything.  If you prefer a simpler burrito, or aren't all that hungry it's really not worth it.  This customization is the only real rationalization of the expensive prices.  My familiarity with the non-burrito options has been limited but every time I'm in there what I see of them dissuades me.  The chain could also use a bit more of a theme since its pretty bare inside.  Obviously, no one goes to a fast grab-n-go place for the environment and dcor but a little something is still nice.  It's more the lack of anything that really makes it an issue.  Their dull design is straightforward, clean, black tables and high stools.  Which to be honest, every time I'm in a Qdoba I found it awkward, alienating, and uncomfortable and prefer to eat elsewhere.Overall, it's a worthy chain for an occasional splurge, however it's disconnected interior and expensive options prevent it from becoming what a chain strives to be, a comfortable and welcoming sight.
2	Food is decent to good.  I have gone there three times for take out for my staff and the orders were completely screwed up three times and when I our someone else tried to correct the order they were incompetent or hostile.
3	O, Qdoba.  She loves me, She loves me not, she. . .  It's actually really hard to write a review for Qdoba.  I go there on average at least once a week, and so many people talk about it all the time that I figure almost everyone has been there.  But this is yelp, and there are the non-adventurous types.  My following review will be two-fold to try to market to both parties; my first review is for the chain, and my second review is for this particular establishment's location.Qdoba Chain - 4 Stars-Qdoba gets almost everything right.  They provide a hefty burrito packed joc-full of ingredients at what I would consider to be a perfectly reasonable price.  $7 for a meal that's above normal fast-food quality without having to tip is acceptable.  Their menu is more diverse than Chipotle, and their ingredients are almost identical set aside some small nuances in the salsas.  I wish they would expand their menu more often, but that'll come in due time.It's really the tastiness that wins one over.  The ingredients are fresh, the beef and chicken are better than regular fast food by a mile, and they have some great salsas like the three-cheese queso.  I'm pretty sure I could be fed that queso dip in an IV for life and be satisfied :D .  The main problem holding them back (which I'll touch on in my individual review below) is the service.  Qdoba's service is the definition of "Hit or Miss."  Some locations do a great job with friendly employees who make burritos that don't fall apart and actually listen to you and make you feel like your business is wanted.  Other locations hire ignorant college kids or ex-con blue-collar workers who look like they'd rather spit in your face than make your food.  These workers often get orders wrong, charge you extra for little things like sauce, lettuce, etc, and make issues out of non-issues.  It's been so bad at several locations that I actually wrote Qdoba Headquarters 2 or 3 times.  In fact, in Milwaukee, one location made a local paper's news column because of some injustice it infracted upon some chipotle supporting neighbors.  Lastly, their burritos, while giant, don't always fill the big eaters up, and they offer few sides other than their horrible tasting chips.University Ave Qdoba Location - 2 StarsAs you can see, from my amalgamated review, this is how I came to a total review of 3 stars.  This particular location on University Ave is not the worst one I've been to, but it certainly gets close.  The majority of the time I go in there, the employees are very rude.  A couple of middle-aged white guys who look like they want to "take this job and shove it" constantly don't say hi in return to greetings from myself and other customers, and they sloppily pile ingredients into the burritos so that it's almost guaranteed to not stay together.  The last time I went there, one of the guys came over to the register when he heard me asking for a little queso sauce on my pesto burrito to make sure they charged me a hefty extra fee.  Another time, his fellow employee at the register asked him to mark the burritos with a sharpe (like they do everywhere else) so that he would know what to ring up quicker.  This prompted the co-worker to fling a sharpe at the register guy's face and you could tell the guy at the register was embarrassed and not joking around with his co-worker.The University Ave location also doesn't have adequate parking or seating.  During lunch and dinner hours, both are packed full of people and you generally either have to get food to go, park illegally, or leave.  This is something that's hard to correct for a business, but overall it makes this location less desirable.I hope all the negative things I've said don't discourage one from going to doba.  The place has hot delicious food, and it should be tried at least once.  Just don't get crack-addict hooked like me on that queso. . .Good locations-Madison- Mineral Point RdMilwaukee- Prospect Ave
3	I give this location 3 out of 5 stars for the following reasons:1.  The owner/manager is a fun person, always friendly and comes out and greets you while you are eating, asks how everything is, and at no other Qdoba have I seen this.  This alone would have earned it 4 stars.2.  The food is 90% of the time delicious (the other 10% only subpar, and never because the food isn't good, but mostly because it's due to going there during their busiest times, meaning the food is thrown together in a rush, that is all), and they do have good options for vegetarians such as myself and my husband (except I do get irritated when they ASSUME we want meat AFTER we tell them we want a vegetarian burrito or a veggie quesodilla).  This alone would have gotten them 3 stars.3.  The location of this particular Qdoba, quite honestly, sucks.  The parking lot is small, you can only turn out of it one way (almost always the way we DON'T want to be going haha), but there is a back way out.  However, this back way leads to what looks like a one way street (only 1 car can fit, the parking stalls are all slanted one way) but people always try to turn down it when you are trying to make your own way through, causing traffic backups.  All in all, I still go here, but NEVER during the typical lunch hour (so not between noon and 1:30ish) or typical dinner hour (not as bad as the lunch one, though!).  If you do, you probably won't get a parking spot, and you'll either have to park way on the other side on the street and walk there or find somewhere else to eat a quick lunch.  When it isn't packed, this location is quite convenient and has a overall friendly atmosphere. This alone gets the location 2 stars.All in all, I love this Qdoba more than the rest; the manager I mentioned always recognizes us and goes out of his way to treat us well, but the location needs to be much better.
1	I got food poisoning from a chicken burrito from this Qdoba two nights ago. I have never been so sick or in so much pain in my life. Only after a trip to urgent care, anti-nausea and pain medicine, two bags of IV fluid, and nearly 24 hours straight of sleep am I starting to feel better.
3	Multiple trips have taught me that this place is consistent and filling, but it shouldn't blow one's mind. Chicken: tasty; staff: friendly; servings: plentiful.
4	This restaurant is excellent.  The only drawback is the parking. Otherwise, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The food is fabulous!
3	A Qdoba is a Qdoba is a Qdoba. This is no exception. The food/ ingredients are consistent. I visit this location semi frequently and have always been pleased.This location is in a convenient place but the parking lot is less than desirable. One way street in one way street out the back. It's very clean inside and the staff is friendly. I usually show up later at night and I am always in and out.I like this location, and it is consistent for what it is.
