5	Steve's Grill ROCKS!  Always a good meal.  Can get a little loud, but what can you expect... it's a sports bar.  LOTS of big screen TV's and quite a crazy crowd on the weekends.  Tuesday Night is Lady's Night and 1/2 Off one entree.
4	Excellent grilled chicken salad and don't miss dollar draft nights - they had Yeungling and Fat Tire on draft last time I was there.
2	Two stars cause the food has gotten pretty terrible and the portions have become tiny. Last time I went I literally could count the small amount of cold fries we got without sifting through them. Great atmosphere and CHEAP beer are the only things that save this place. I got a coupon from one of the new owners on steves mothers day debacle (waiting over an hour for an omelet and not providing the brunch that was advertised) the coupon was weak no free meal just an "I'm sorry this doesn't happen" here is a buy one get one coupon. I thought that was a lousy move. Ohh well. The place still fills up though so I guess the cheap beer saves it. Haha.
4	I have heard about Steve's for a long time, but beng from Charlotte I do not like to venture this far south frequently but it was worth the trip.  The bartenders could be a little more attentive but give a healthy pour so I'm not complaining.  They have a nice open back patio area for outside fun and all the smokers.  I will return mainly because on Wednesday nights the have the live band Sun  Dried Vibes, which reminded me of Sublime but with a unique twist. They are amazing, even their original songs sound like hits and get the crowd jumping.  There are also great drink specials almost everyday of the week!
3	Steves used to be our favorite place to go for dinner but lately the service and the food leave a lot to be desired. They no longer serve the awesome crab dip so we tried the nachos. NO... do not get the nachos...yellow cheese sauce, canned chili, tomatos and onions. ICK... Then our steaks came out well done (ordered MR) and we had to send them back.  I am really hoping there is something going on with the staff and that they will go back to the way they used to be. The burgers have always been great and the stuffed chicken has too. I love the outdoor dining area but the smokers can blow you out of there some nights. Live music on Saturday nights is usually good and its also kid friendly. Im not giving up on them yet...
1	I used to really like this place. It was kinda like an outdoor adult playground in the summer time. Decent bands, cheap beer, beach volleyball. Recently Steve's experienced a fire and is now closed for renovations. What the news stories fail to note is that days before the fire, Steve's got a visit from their friendly neighborhood health inspector, and tanked. They scored a 71. Get a 70, and DHEC shuts you down. Below is copied from DHEC's website, where all sanitation scores are posted publicly.   STEVE'S BAR & GRILL2150 GOLD HILL RDFORT MILL0715/27/2011RI used to be a chef, my degree is in Culinary Arts. I've taken sanitation courses and am ServSafe Certified. I almost can't fathom what in the heck you have to do to get a 71. Except that I can, and what you have to do to get a 71 is NOT good. It can't be blamed on a kitchen crew unfamiliar with sanitation requirements. Even a full staff of morons could keep a restaurant within B range. There is some serious stuff happening at Steve's, because a 71 doesn't happen by accident. People knew things were wrong, and they were turning their heads. In my experience this comes from the management and ownership level. I used to like Steve's, really I did. We were there all the time in the summer. I loved ladies night, when I could get a bucket of "Boat Trash" for only $10. Now I wonder if what was in the bucket of boat trash might actually have been trash. Short of Steve's selling to new ownership, and starting from scratch with a completely new management, kitchen, and service crew, there's nothing they can do to make me step foot in there again. Sorry, a 71 isn't forgivable!
1	I wish I could give "0" stars cause this place sucks! The service is terrible, the food is disgusting. However if you're one of the town drunks then its a great place to go.Nothing happening here - I'd absolutely go elsewhere for food.
