2	It was good but parking sucks and the chicken looked pink and I asked if it was ok to eat and they said that's just the way the chicken looks. So we will see if I get sick. Also they had problems with their soda machine.
4	I'm not sure why Yelp lists this as Ballantyne (at least on the iPhone app), because it's in Starmount, or maybe right on the edge of it.This is a regular lunch spot for me. The food is good, prices are reasonable, service is fast and friendly, and they play mostly '80s music. At lunchtime, the manager always makes sure to check on everybody and seems to be on a first-name basis with half the customers. This probably qualifies as "fast casual" rather than straight-up fast food; the employees will bring out your food and regularly come around to offer drink refills, but it's not full waiter service. It's easy to feed two people a big meal for less than $20. My only real complaint is that customers take a rather haphazard approach to parking, but that isn't Showmars' fault.
3	Showmars has Gyro's, I love Gyros.  These are not great Gyros.  They are 3 star Gyros.  I think the pita bread they use is too brittle.  It shouldn't crack in half when you hold it so everything falls out.  I lived in a Greek neighborhood for a few years and let me tell you, the Greeks know how to eat.  The service is friendly and they have burgers and fries (yum).  If you're close to one and you're hungry it's a decent place with a big menu for a reasonable price.
4	Great service, manager is always interacting with diners, food beats national chains by a big margin. Lucky to have one close.
1	Food was good,waitresses a pleasure. But unless you are white, don't expect even a hello from the management.I aproched the counter to trade out the tartar sauce i was given for a cocktail,the manager that helped me stared dagers at me. When I smiled and said thank you for your help,he rolled his eyes!5 minutes later he was kissing ass on the 1/2 of the restaurant that was predominantly white.He never spoke to a single black customer.I love this chain, hate this location
3	This isn't my favorite Showmars, but it does the trick on a busy workday when I need to get in and out with a well priced, non-fast food lunch.  Located just off of South Blvd, parking can be a bit of a squeeze during peak lunch hours, but you'll be able to find a spot behind the restaurant if there isn't one available out front.  Today's lunch of a chicken salad pita with fries and a sweet tea worked just fine.  One thing I do particularly like about this location is the variety of dessert dishes.  In addition to the standard Showmars baklava, they also have several different types of pie (cream and otherwise) - whee!
4	We have been going to this Showmars for years and years, and it's always been consistently and, comfortably, reliable and unchanged.  Love the fish pitas, Greek salads, crispy shell bowls, and pretty much everything I've ever ordered.  This last time I was trying to keep with NY resolutions, and eat healthier, so I ordered the grilled chicken salad (without the delicious shell), to go and it was huge, and tasty. They included a warm, fresh pita bread.  I do miss those fried fish pitas though.
5	A charlotte staple, onion rings are fantastic but still rank second in my book. I came for the gyro though something seemed different about it but still good none the less. Ps. This place is not in Ballentyne.  It's Starmont.HOLY CRAP I JUST NOTICED THEY HAVE CHEERWINE ON TAP!!!!!!!    ~angels singing~
