5	This is a tiny little place that you'd never think to go in to. She was selling her wares at farmers markets and recently opened this location. We ordered pierogies to have for Christmas Day and decided to have lunch there when we went to go pick them up. We had the pork spare ribs with potato, peas and carrots. Yum! It was just like if we had gone to my mother in law's house to eat. There was nothing restauranty about it, just homey comfort food and plenty of it. I'm looking forward to eating the pierogies we brought home, I just hope I can make it until Christmas! If you can't make it to the restaurant you can go to the website and there is a list of farmers markets and times where you can find her food as well.
5	I work around the corner from these guys and considered going in there for months but never got around to it. I wish I'd gone sooner!! The Polish sausage was DELICIOUS and the bun was fresh and wonderful. It was a huge sausage, too! More than worth the $5.50. I also ordered the potato and cheese pierogies (something I'd never had in spite of being Polish by heritage) and they were to die for! I would often look at the menu and consider ordering some but never really felt like spending $7 for what I assumed would be a small order but just like with the sausage, they give you plenty for your money! Wonderful, fresh and healthy food and absolutely worth the price. The woman there was charming as could be and even offered to let me taste the sauerkraut for free (I can't comment on that; she had me taste it because I told her I didn't like sauerkraut and turns out I still don't!). Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. Thinking I may try the meat pierogies tomorrow!
5	As close as I've ever gotten to being as good as my Babcias. The Potato and cheese pierogi are so good, served with fried onions and ham, with a side of sour cream. It is a bit far from my place but I will be going back. You can purchase the pierogi frozen to take home. Awesome.
5	What s secret treasure this place is. I had the polish and sauerkraut with a cheese crepe. Everything was great. The owner is adorable. The polish was HUGE and full of flavor. The crepes are warm and creamy. They melt in your mouth with goodness. I am so coming back to try one of the weekly specials. Their menu is simple but great
1	The place was clean.  They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom  was labeled mushroom got meat.  The stuffed cabbage was undercooked  hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
4	Polish Goodies is something sort of strange.  When I came here, I had no problem believing that a large part of their business involved "exporting" their food to other venues ... the "restaurant" looks like a necessary afterthought.  And I put "restaurant" in quotes for good reason:  this literal hole in the wall, located around the corner in a non-descript, derelict shopping center looks like it used to be a former Chinese laundry:  the place is as large as my living room and has one of those tall front counters you used to drop your dry cleaning off at long ago.  The fact they don't take credit cards doesn't exactly help to cheer you up either.  But then you run into the owner.  Frankly, a very cheerful and helpful person.  The day we were there, she was running it all herself and I frankly felt sorry for her (though there are literally only a few tables in the place, so she probably can manage it on her own).  It also helps (her), that the selection is pretty limited.  But what they DO have is decently priced and lip-smackingly delicious.  What a difference from, say, pretentious "A Touch of Europe" cafe in Glendale, which fools naive Americans into believing that they should pay lots of money for mediocred-sized portions of food, that people in Poland eat everyday and is only special in Arizona, because most Poles who come here don't open restaurants  (try getting away with those prices and attitude in Chicago or New York, where there's real competition!).Polish Goodies, I wish you had a bigger place, with a larger selection and maybe not serve my meal on paper plates --- a larger selection of beverages would be nice, too.  But for what you are and what you offer -- and for what you charge -- it's pretty hard to complain (even though I ALWAYS find something to complain about).  KUDOS
5	Great food and staff.  You won't be disappointed.
4	One of the best kept secrets in Sunnyslope! If you're looking for a place with lots of seating,  this place isn't it...but the pierogies are delicious. The cabbage rolls and sauerkraut were excellent as well. This little operation has limited hours due to it being run by one person,  but not hard to do with seating for only eight. The hours are kind of bad if you don't get off of work before five pm,  but you'll be glad you left work early. We'll be back soon...and we plan on bringing six more with us.
5	My last name ends in "ski"... and I have had a hard time finding pierogies like I used to get in the ethnic neighborhoods of Ohio. But this place comes damn close. I bought 3 dozen to take back to family members. We had potato and cheese, and the mushroom and sauerkraut. Omg. Both were amazing. Small hole in the wall. . But that is fine by me. One yelper said they don't take credit cards, but the absolutely do now. . On their ipad. I loved it, and my very unpolish friend who lives here loved it. Richard couldn't have been nicer, asking if we wanted the butter on it, or with his bacon and onion topping, or with sour cream on the side.  (Yes, yes, and yes) if you are nearby. .. stop and try them out!
5	Doesn't get more authentic than this. The food is all hand made any you can tell. Great place to try if you want some traditional polish dishes and want to know how pierogi are supposed to taste.
5	Best polish food in az. As a pollock Lol Believe me when I say it's food like your grandma would make u when u were growing up. The couple that runs it are so nice and run awesome place.
