1	While the food was acceptable for quiznos, meaning it did in fact cease the hunger, while still remaining completely average, the fascists that work there denied my special requests. Not once, but twice. Laughing at their lack of follow through and ability to follow directions. Utterly and completely smashing my hopes and dreams in a way only previously accomplished by several ex girlfriends. HOW HARD IS IT TO DRAW A BEAR WITH TWO GUNS?! YOU WORK AT QUIZNOS,YOURE GONNA TELL ME YOU DIDNT DOODLE IN HIGH SCHOOL!? Get it together people of quiznos on Lake Mead, you're just embarassing yourself now.
3	These Sammies are no sweat-heart!!!Dear Quiznos,   It's been over 4 years. Yes, that long since I've been to a Quiznos.  Driving up and down Lake Mead looking for something for lunch. If you driven on this road, you know there is a plethora of eats on Lake Mead.  I had my choice of any chicken grill, burger joint, sushi restaurant, Mexican, and even a handful of bookmarks.  But I chose Quiznos.  Why you ask???  My mind was telling me Sammies from Quinoz and my belly was telling me go somewhere better.  I made up my mind and here we are.  Just a heads up, they don't carry Sammies anymore.  They are now just called Flatbread Sandwiches.  Just a name change.  I got their Turkey Sammie, Chicken Sammie, and a bowl of chili.  Decently priced at $5.99 for both Sammies, I was immediately thinking "Score!".  One big difference was the size of the Sammie. They use to be the size of your fist.  Now they're significantly bigger.  However, bigger didn't necessarily mean that it tasted better.  I don't know if my opinion on food has changed or if it's their quality that changed. But the chili and both sammies didn't taste that great.  If fact, I felt like I was eating cardboard.  Even though their meats were seasoned and covered with sauce, I only tasted the flatbread.  The chili also tasted like it came out of a can or even worse, a bag.  The food looked good, but looks were definitely deceiving. Tough for me to ever give a fast food restaurant less than 3 stars or more than 4 stars because it's fast food.  You can't enter a FF Joint expect 5 Star food.  Service is the equalizer.  I admit, service was great. Just poor food quality.  It's been over 4 years since my last visit to Quiznos.  Now I remember why.  The next time I'm hungry and driving down Lake Mead, I'm going to trust my gut.  Literally!!!
1	I'm a fan of Quiznos, love it a hell of a lot more than subway, but this particular location is one I will be avoiding. I ordered a ultimate turkey club on rosemary. I asked that they toast the tomatoes and onion as they used to, but now you have to request this. The young man making my sandwich and my daughters oh so basic ham and cheese seemed to be in a state of confusion. Not sure if he was new, but he would pause from making the sandwiches and walk over to his co-worker and I can only assume ask him what to do next. I can forgive this, I understand if your new, so I gave him a pass. The problem was the guy he was asking for help came over to take charge and he forgot to toast my tomatoes and onions even though I made sure he knew that's what I wanted. The new guy had no idea how to work the register, so he left it for the more experienced that was working on my sandwich. I told him we were eating there and as he's putting my pepporcinis and lettuce on my sandwich then realizes he did not toast my onions or tomatoes......now I'm irritated. So he puts some on a tray and runs them thru, still didn't taste the same, they were still cold. He starts wrapping my sandwich then realized I said it was to eat in. Unwraps the sandwich and transfers it to another piece of paper, all of my pepporcinis, some tomatoes and a good majority of my onions spill out onto the paper he's removing from. He then proceeds to apologize as he was still recovering from a wild night out. I have to be honest I didn't care for his excuse, your just listening to your customers request and making a pretty basic sandwich. The sandwich was not good was missing my pepporcinis and my toasted onions and tomatoes. Oh and they don't honor the groupon at this location, so that was another ding. I'll just head over to the location on Ann rd where they seem to have their shit together and DO honor groupon.
4	I stopped in over the weekend and had the pleasure of meeting Steve, the owner of the location.  He personally made my chicken wrap.  He was nothing but professional and helpful to me.  I would defintely recommend this location to any Quiznos fan.
