3	I scored some impressive deals from here when my friend used to work there.  It's awesome to have someone know your size, your taste and be able to call you to see if you want it before it ever goes on the floor.  My favorite purchase was a small fridge for my room.  Super score!  After she stopped working there I didn't go for years as I knew I'd have to actually work for a deal.  Last year I was in the area to meet some friends and found that I had some major smudge of something black all over my light khaki pants.  While I could have gone through the night that way (wouldn't be the first time) I figured I'd stop here to see if they had anything worth my while.  Wasn't willing to pay full price to replace them just for the night, but figured I could pay a few bucks.  I left with 3 things.  None of them were over $5.  Jeans, shorts, and some khaki pants for that night.  Nice.I'm always shocked and amazed by their housewares section.  I feel like it's looked the same every time I've been there.  I know the selection changes here and there, but I've never found anything that really impressed me.  So I'd suggest them for the clothing - but not so much for the housewares, electronics and furniture sections.  But then again - never know what you might find...
3	Large Savers, great prices but the items are definitely used and tired.
4	I live close by to this store and usually walk around after making a donation.  Most of the stuff in the store is worn and used, but you can find the occasional good deal.  My favorite deal was a Japanese water heating unit for tea.  It was in next to new condition and actually heats up to five liters of water at a selected temperature.  The unit cost about $200 new.  I got it for about $5.00.The clothes are generally old (e.g. late 70's to early 90's).  However, I did find a pair of Hugo Boss loafers worth noting for $8.00 and a pair of Roberto Cavelli jeans for the same price.If you have some spare time, want to find a bargain and are in the neighborhood, stop by.
3	I am a thrift store junkie, and admit that I do shop at Savers.  My first visit to the store at 32nd and Cactus was disappointing (as far as cleanness), but I came away with two bags full of really good clothing (most of them were new or nearly new).  Not to mention the savings -- I hit the store on one of the double days where everything was half price.  Overall, a great place to shop, but be prepared for dirty floors and junky looking racks.  The staff seems to try and keep things orderly, but it is what it is.  If you want better junk, go to Second Look (down 32nd at Shea).  Upscale and nicely appointed -- but more expensive.  Saver's works for me, and I save a ton of money and always come away with some new item.
4	This store is gone. I always found great deals here - sad to see it go!
