1	I drove my car to Arizona Dyno Chip at the recommendation of a lady I work with. Four days after I dropped off my car they diagnosed it as needing the spark plugs replaced, the fuel filter replaced, and the radiator replaced; the quote for doing all of this was slightly under $1000. I told them that I couldn't afford $1000 and I would have to take the car somewhere else; when I pick up the car they spring a $192 "diagnostic fee", which they waved after I complained, but then I go to drive the car and it no longer runs! Read all about it at http://www.arizonadynoscam.com.
1	Just as an update, I ended up having to TOW my car away from Arizona Dyno Chip, and I took it to Gene's Auto Worx (the highest rated auto shop in the area on Yelp). Gene tackled the issues with my car, and called me back a day later to say that my car wasn't running because the Mass Air Flow sensor wasn't plugged in. I'm working with some consumer reporting agencies to try and get at least the cost of the tow back from Arizona Dyno Chip, since it wasn't operational due to Arizona Dyno Chip not even bothering to put it back together. These guys are jerks and scam artists; Arizona Dyno Chip will scam you and Arizona Dyno Chip will rip you off. Look for a high rated, trustworthy auto shop on Yelp!
5	Whoo Hooo.  I am a happy customer.  Thanks, Keith and John!I needed a dyno-tune on my 1988 Mustang with the "new" 347 EFI n/a stroker motor.  After I failed emissions and couldn't get my car registered, I decided it was time to finally get it dyno-tuned by the expert.  Keith and his shop have a great reputation among my local gear-head buddies; I am so glad I took my car to him.  For what is worth, I had him tune-out some drivability issues, picked up some good horsepower/torque with a safe, street tune, and he corrected my emission issues...no mechanical wrench-turning...just some really good dyno-tuning work.  Below are my "passing results" from the ADEQ I/M-147 test:HC:  0.89 grams/mile  (was 3.23; allowed 1.60)CO:  5.16 grams/mile (was 10.16; allowed 15.0)NOX:1.14 grams/mile (was 2.86; allowed 2.50) She feels much smoother and is more fun to drive too.  No regrets.Harold J.1988 Ford MustangPhx, AZ
5	This is actually my first post and I feel its necessary so that others looking at AZ Dyno Chip to do work have another post to make their decision!I bought a 66 Ford Bronco that had a 1994 Ford Lightning 351 fuel injected motor in it.  My Bronco is a fantastic modified vehicle and the only problem it had was that it ran very rough at idle (stalling out often).  Numerous mechanics told me the problem was related to an after market cam that was installed thus changing numerous things in relation to the computer.  My first stop to try and fix it was to TPI in Tempe, later called Performance EFI, later closed.  The shop was unable to fix the problem and didn't charge me a dime!!!  They recommended AZ Dyno Chip.  After reading the review for 1 star, I was very hesitant but decided to give them a shot as I was tired of stalling at intersections!About 9 months ago I took it to AZ Dyno Chip and have not been happier!!!  Cold weather, hot weather, it doesn't matter!!  I have had absolutely NO PROBLEMS with my Bronco's engine!!!  Also, while it was there, they spotted a brake problem and exhaust problem.  They fixed the exhaust prob for $20!!!  Great customer service and fast turnaround on my rig.  The only thing I will say about the negative review is that if you know nothing about mechanics and try to bully a knowledgeable mechanic, you might offend them and thus get what you deserve.  My suggestion is that you treat people with respect and honesty and they will give it back to you at this shop!!!!
4	Simple dyno run.  Minus 1 star because I had to wait 30 minutes past my appointment.   $65 for 30 minutes unlimited pulls isn't bad.  Plus you get emailed the results.
