5	Oh dear goodness, the fact that Yogurtology has become something of an obsession of mine over the past couple of months + finding this location ON MY WAY HOME FROM WORK= very bad news for my wallet. On the other hand, I will now be in heaven without having to drive 30 mins out of the way.There is peace and happiness in my life.(Read my other review of the camelback location, but its 5 stars now)
5	Super impressed with this fro-yo shop. The place is so clean, I am positive I could eat off the floors, the tables or even the cool looking highchairs for the kiddos. Its kinda funny to see them vacuum up any messes or crumbs after someone goes through to select toppings, but they must mean business when they try to stay so sparkling clean and bright.  The staff is so friendly and attentive as you walk in the door and explain the concept and flavors, including allowing you to try a little taste of the various kinds of yogurts. I always want to know what the most popular / best seller is and they said its been the oatmeal cookie. It tastes just like an oatmeal cookie. So good. But, I don't have a super sweet tooth, so I ended up doing the tart flavor and added some fresh fruit on top. I have nothing bad or negative to say about this place. Its really good.  Its right next to Treasures Jewelry shop on 67th Ave (north of the Safeway in the strip mall there.)
4	Tried this tonight and just about everything was excellent.  SO many toppings (even half candy bars), great flavor selection, and amazing Tart flavor (always my favorite).  The only things I count off for is that they're quite a bit more expensive per ounce than all the other places I frequent and I like it when yogurt shops carry more non-fat, but it's nice that they do offer low-fat here.  I like the idea of the rewards card also (buy 8, get one free), although, again the higher price might make my visits few and far between.
5	The best yogurt shop in town. Thanks for all your hard work Angie.
2	I feel robbed. 42cents an ounce? Did you forget we are in a recession?There is nothing special about 100,000th frozen yogurt joint that's popped up in north Glendale. You would think that with Yumberi, YogurtPlace, Jujiberri, they would at least try to competitively price their sub-par yogurt. I paid over $4 for my less than half full, topping-less fro-yo and I learned my lesson. I've tasted better at Costco's food court (and paid a hell of a lost less).
4	-Self-serve frozen yogurt place with various toppings bar.-.42 cents per ounce (watch those heavy toppings!)-Grab a one-size cup and add your flavors and toppings...or place large cookie or brownie on the bottom.-Tastes pretty good, like soft-serve ice cream, available in different flavors.-Try the oatmeal cookie flavor, then add raisins, chocolate chips, and other cookie related toppings...it's like a creamy cookie in a cup!-Super clean place, very simple, & nice decor....relaxing.-Very friendly & helpful service.-Clean restroom.-Convenient parking (right near Jenny Craig...ha ha!)
5	Def has become my fav froyo spot. The owners are super nice, the staff is helpful without being annoying, the place is super clean and most importantly the selection is awesome! I love the tart with almonds, berries and coconut! YUM! Hot temps are around the corner, but at least I've found a great place to cool down!
2	The flavors were okay, tasted like any other yogurt shop I've had. It was clean but not as clean as everyone was bragging on here. The thing that I didn't like about the place is the girls that working their weren't really friendly, they act like they didn't like their job. When my boyfriend and I walked in to the shop, the girl was getting her own yogurt. And acted like it was so rude of us to interupt her. None of the girls had uniforms on, nor aprons on so it was hard to tell who was, and wasn't working. Anyhoo, when we cashed out, I just couldn't believe that it was almost 11 dollars. .42 cents per ounce is kind of a lot. When we were about to leave another girl asked me if I was ready to be rang up and I said we already paid for it. And she kept on insicting that we didn't pay for it. So I had to argue with her about it until she asked another employee if we were telling the truth. Its kind of irritating when I had the recipet in my hand too, about to show her.I'm definitely not going there ever again.
4	Froyo makes me happy. I haven't been to many places, so I can't really compare Yogurtology to the other local spots. As most reviewers have said, this place is clean. They are always out with the mini vacuum sucking up the spilled toppings. We've been here a few times. Both when the place was empty and when crowded. But it seems to move quickly and there's never a long wait. I usually choose the sweet yogurts because the selections sound so good, but every time I realize that I do like the tart flavors better. There is always a No Sugar Added selection, which is a plus. The raspberry is awesome! The toppings bar has a great selection. I even witnessed another customer ask for something that was not out, and the employee went into the back room and brought out a cup of the topping for her. I especially like the MAYO!  The staff has always been friendly, greeting guests as they walk in and offering samples if desired. It can be a little pricey, compared to other shops I've seen, but for the convenience, quality, and once-in-a-while treat, it's well worth it.
5	The store is very clean, the staff is always exceptionally friendly and helpful, they have a wide variety of flavors and toppings and their yogurt has a smoother, thicker consistency than others I have tried. It is a great place to go with large groups and children. The kids enjoy playing in the grassy area out front. It is expensive but worth it!
3	My boyfriend I really enjoy yogurtology's yogurt, but their service is almost is bad as jumpstreet. And, if you have kids, I suggest taking them at sunset or before 6:30 before the teenagers get out and get there where they will loiter for a good two to three hours.  They have a boy and a girl who are by far their best employees, I wish I knew their names so I could thank them properly for showing what GOOD customer service is. The rest of their employees are rude and uhm...well, I'll just say they have some trouble with monetary units and cleaning...I've been there lots of times, but no matter what time of day I go there are always annoying customers there that the managers don't seem to care about. Tonight, there was a hoard of DVHS dancers who were half streaking and screaming so loud you could hear them from the freeway, no hyperbole. When we got inside the staff was complaining about them. Not that I blame them--I get that they're customers, but this is a food establishment, not a jungle gym or strip club.There was a new flavor that was AMAZING (well, it was new to me) and I think it's better than their tart nouveau or whatever it is...the pink lemonade flavor is delicious. Anyway, we paid for a stuff, went to leave, and the DVHS dancers had decided to start doing some sort of ritualistic dance/tag in the street. Making me and my boyfriend unable to get our car out of the lot for 5 minutes. Not blaming the establishment, it's just a fair warning that the establishment seems to draw in a lot of rude, immature teenagers that the managers don't even bother kicking off their property for fear of losing long term customers. This seems to be a trend, as this  is not the first time something like this has happened, either.  Getting back to their employees, there's a  girl who does not seem to be able to break change properly, ever. Example: I bought frozen yogurt for me and my boyfriend one day after work. The total came to $5.10. I only had a $10 dollar bill on me, so I gave her that and 10 cents. She started to break change. It was pretty sad. When I tried to explain to her that she only needed to give me 5 dollars back, she stared at me like I was dumb. She hasn't been working the register lately though, so maybe I'm not the only person who's noticed she's not that great with money.  The place is clean, but not the cleanest place I've ever been to..afew of the girls only clean major things like tables and floors while the side of the bar (the side that you service yourself on) has been gooey for me more than one time. I might casually lean on it and have 3 day old warmed caramel cup stuck to my shirt when I go to move down the line. All and all I like the flavors and the infinite possibilities I can make. But I really don't like having to compromise a tasty frozen treat for unruly customers and rude employees who seem like they would rather shoot bamboo under their fingernails than ask me if I have a Loyalty Card.
5	I think I'm addicted to this place.  The yogurt is delicious, the toppings are incredible, the owners are very friendly - I can't say enough good things about it! If you've never been before, try the Oatmeal Cookie flavor - it is amazing.  This is not your run-of-the-mill frozen yogurt.  If you're new to this store, be sure to sign up for their loyalty card and visit on a holiday - they often give 50% off to card members and are offering a unique flavor that day (example: today is Cinco de Mayo and they had Margherita-flavored frozen yogurt... so good!).  They tend to be busier on these days, so sometimes the lines can get long, but I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 minutes to get completely through the line and to the cashier.  They also have yogurt cupcakes, which are kind of like your own personal ice cream cake.  Good when you need a splurge.
4	I truly enjoyed this place. Super clean, friendly staff, large (ok, ginormous) selection of toppings and, get this, bottomings. I tried the oatmeal cookie, cake batter, red velvet, and peanut butter flavors. Have I ever mentioned I'm a sucker for peanut butter? : )The only flavor I didn't care for was the red velvet. I'm the first to admit chocolate is never top on my list, but this seemed way too fake. Eh.I did, however, truly enjoy the oatmeal cookie. They have this one in the bag. Perhaps my next spin through will involve some of the fruit flavors. Who knows? I can be a bit capricious.
5	I would agree that it is hard to go wrong with froyo but I absolutely do not think all frozen yogurts are created equal.  Yogurtology is head and shoulders above the rest!  Imagine starting your yogurt creation with a tempting "bottoming" like a moon pie, brownie, or graham cracker crumbs, next add the smoothest, creamiest, most flavorful frozen yogurt ever created, and finish off your delight with any number of topping from the huge topping bar!  Not only that, Yogurtology is immaculately clean at all times and has very good customer service too!My frozen yogurt habit is definitely on the ridiculous side of things and when I say I LOVE Yougurtology it is an understatement.P.S. if you have been to Yogurtology and you did not at least sample the Oatmeal Cookie you have not been to Yogurtology...I advise going back now!
4	Great flavors and they are open on Sunday despite what it says. I love the tart flavors and they had three. I love the cookie on the bottom concept. Even though I didn't indulge...it looked yum. I will definitely go back.
4	After falling for the Fro-Yo trend, which I swore not to, I decided to check out all of the frozen yogurt places out in the Arrowhead area.  There has to be at least ten of these shops to open up in the vicinity in the last few years.  As with any business, some will make it and many will fail.  In search of the place that had the best quality, atmoshphere, and service, I could not argue with Yogurtology being the best place to enjoy a nice frozen delight.I've been here many times since its opening and noticed that the service has been consistently great with every visit.  No lazy kids working here.  The place is always clean, bright with white colors on the walls, and soothing music while you enjoy some Fro-Yo.  All of what I said is great, but the real reason to come here is because they serve some great varieties of frozen yogurt.  Two must have flavors are the golden cupcake batter and oatmeal cookie.  You can't go wrong with either of these.I will be back many times eventhough it gets crowded with all those teenie boppers.
4	Always busy, Yugortology is a great after dinner destination. Like most self-serve yogurt business, you start by filling a bowl with frozen yogurt. You can sample the flavors. Then load it up with toppings. I may be mistaken but this is the only frozen yogurt business that offers the option of "bottomings" by putting cookie or other sweets at the bottom of the cup.
4	Great service and decent frozen yogurt too.Staff are helpful, toppings are vast and plentiful - love the Boba!Love having this all the time.
4	My bf is officially yogurt crazy; occasionally, it reaches a post-dinner frenzy and fro-yo MUST be had, and fast.  Last night, no exception to this trend.  So after a tasty first-time visit to Pei Wei in the plaza kitty-corner to Yogurtology, we were off and running for a tasty treat.  The staff here is very friendly, always wear gloves when offering samples, and invariably have a no-sugar added yogurt offering.  I do like the option of the "bottoming" bits, but figure this sort of counters the concept of a lighter, yogurt treat.  There are plenty of fresh fruit options in their bar and the graham cracker topping is not "weapons grade" (aka so finely ground that you choke the minute you try to eat it as you subconsciously inhale it directly to the back of your throat! argh!)All in all: pleasant, clean and tasty.  Undoubtedly, we will be back...
5	This is the best yogurt place I've tried! The flavors are amazing. The Salty Carmel is my new favorite I hope they keep it past this month. The staff is super friendly and this place is very clean.
3	The yogurt is good, but the topping choices were a little stale. Still, it was a good price and it was clean and neat.
5	This is by far the best yogurt place I have ever been to! I am a yogurt snob and I am glad that I ran across this place. The first thing I notice is that the owners keep pride in making the place spotless! Secondly the workers are very friendly (couple cute ones) and always willing to give you a sample cup. I recommend trying a couple sample cups to see what you will like. The flavors are awesome and some are switched out every so often. Some yogurt places have a weird chemical taste to it. This place does not have that taste at all. The price is also by far one of the most competitive in yogurt industry. Yummy tummy!
5	I love this place!  I've been to many frozen yogurt shops (in California, Hawaii and Arizona) and this one is my favorite.There are tons of toppings and "bottomings" to choose from, although they could offer more fruit choices.  The quality/texture of the frozen yogurt is very good.  I love their salted caramel flavor, especially when swirled with the sour apple (those two flavors need to be offered all the time!).  They have a frequent buyer program and I like that you don't have to carry around a card but simply have to tell them your name upon check out.The girls working there seem friendly and are very good about providing samples, cleaning off the tables, and emptying the trash.
5	Yes, this was really my first time ever in a frozen yogurt shop.  I have heard about them for years, but just never went in until I arrived on my first night in this city.  Too exhausted to chew, yogurt sounded great. I felt like I walked into heaven upon entering the door!  Very white and clean.  Enormous buffet of gigantic toppings-- fresh ripe berries, toasted coconut, kiwi fruit!!!  Made me so happy to be able to have this heavenly treat!!!  Staff was friendly and offered a sample, but I knew mango was for me without trying it.  Signed up for a loyalty card, and since this place is just a short hop from me, I will go back.  Full size cookies, brownies, moon pies, and more to put on the bottom!  And the neatest thing was the tiny cream puffs!  Might not want to load up on heavier toppings as it is sold by weight, but I had fun being allowed to create my own treat.
5	BEST FRO-YO in the area. No doubt! You must get the oatmeal cookie fro-yo, its the best. My hubby likes the cookies to put on the bottom and they have an excellent topping bar. Its very clean and modern inside and the staff are always very nice. Prices are about the same as every other place but the quality of the yogurt is on an entirely different level.
4	This is my go to yogurt place. There are tons of yogurt shops nearby, but they do not compare to yogurtology.Why do I like it? First, they have the boon highchairs which I have at home. I can just roll my baby down the line and fill up my cup with yogurt treats. It saves me from having to carry her, plus they are great high chairs. I also love how they have bottoms. What is a bottom? This goes before the yogurt. It creates the foundation for your yogurt experience.The flavors are great and unique. I can't decide which one I like best. If you are stuck, ask the yogurt girls for a sample. It will point you in the right direction.Finally the toppings are some of the best. They have so many unique ones. I love the pink boba- they just explode. Its great. Also I forgot to mention they have cones. My dad is old school and hates any place with out a cone, so he is happy going here.
4	Now I know why, no matter what day of the week it is, there is a good crowd of people at/in this place. While it's one of our neighborhood joints, it took our good friends who live miles away raving about it for us to try it. I'm a gelato fan, and hubby likes good quality ice cream - but Yogurtology did not disappoint! The place is well lit, and spotless, which says a great deal when you are talking a self-serve frozen yogurt shop with several flavors of frozen yogurt, a bottom station where there are various choices to put in before the yogurt, and then a HUGE variety of toppings. You can imagine how messy all of that could get, but not here. Staff was cheery and friendly and not all stained up with the product (like other popular places that serve ice cream). There were 4 of us, and we all sampled a few different flavors each. My choice was the cupcake batter - YUM. Not too sweet and a great base for my topping choices of strawberries, bobas (little gelatin-like balls of flavor), raspberry sauce and Oreo cookie crumbles. The only thing I was disappointed with was the foundation oatmeal creme filled cookie, which was so hard it nearly broke my spoon. I thought it got hard from the frozen yogurt, so waited a few minutes to try it, but it was still really hard, so I tossed it. Hubby had salted caramel, cupcake batter, and red velvet cake, no toppings. Very good combo, salted caramel was a little too sweet for me. My girlfriend had pomegranate, which was very good and reminded me of an Italian ice. It was very refreshing. I'm sure we will be back! With or without our friends.    Watch those toppings, as they definitely add weight, and you are paying per oz.
3	This place was just OK. Nothing to rave home about. I didn't think it was any worse or any better than other froyo places I have been to.
5	I love this place!  My family comes here once a week, it's become our tradition.  The Pomegranate Raspberry is my absolute favorite.  I think more fruit variety would be nice, but it's not a big deal.  The location and deliciousness are more than enough! : )
5	For some reason every time I come to Arizona I NEED together froyo...must be the heat! Yogurtology is conveniently located in a plaza near Safeway and the decor is pretty similar to all other froyo places. What set it apart for me was the section in the back with cookies, brownies, and other goodies that they suggest you put on the bottom of your yogurt cup. I had a brownie under my oatmeal cookie froyo and it was delicious! Yogurtogy also has a wide variety of toppings and even has baklava which I've never seen as a topping before. I got one just so I could eat it separately and it was great!Five stars for the great flavors and for adding a little twist to the froyo fad!
3	I'm updating my review of this place.I had a bad experience the first time I went here and I decided I would give it another try.Every time I come, I never really get greeted, if I do it's a simple hello, with no eye contact. I don't get offered samples either. I only like coming here for two reasons. Tuesdays(35 cents per ounce) and their oatmeal cookie flavor is amazing.Other than that, it's an okay yogurt shop, it's clean, but not spotless like everyone says. Most of the time the girls are usually talking to each other when I go to pay for my yogurt, it'd be nice to get a "hey! How are you today?" But maybe I am asking too much?Another thing I do not like it that their toppings are pilled HIGH. So you spill(and waste) a lot of toppings and then when you're done putting on your toppings(especially the twix) they put the tongs back on the toppings. Which is kind of gross because other customers have touched the tongs.
5	My friends and I love this place! It has a Great selection of quality of yogurt. It also has all of the toppings we could ever want. I am always very pleased with our service as well. I definitely recommend it!
5	What a difference location makes!  Yogurtology Glendale has great service,  great yogurt,  clean shop and friendly employees!
4	Not a big fan of the Yogurtology flavors, but they have quality ingredients, friendly employees, fresh fruits, and lots of sweets to add on. Also, have high chairs.
5	Great place and friendly staff that always want to help you. I love there cupcake yogurt flavor. Good prices and lots of extras for your yogurt as well
4	Love this place. Close to home and I get what I want and how much. Way too many choices of yogurt and toppings. I am just a simple guy and get vanilla every time. ;)
1	We went to yogurtology one evening for a quick yogurt to-go, we had a full ten minutes before they closed. When we went in they were finishing mopping the floors, the toppings were all put away , and the yogurt machines turned off. We found it so unprofessional for them to close everything before they were actually closed. The workers looked at us as if we were supposed to just turn around and leave. We proceeded to get yogurt and they had to bring out the toppings we wanted and it was terribly awkward. I give it a one star for bad service and mediocre yogurt.
5	This place is a million times better than any ice-cream shop out there.  Their NY Cheesecake and pomegranate yogurt is so good when mixed together.  The perfect blend of sweet and sour.My little brother is a really picky eater and hates just about all sweets on the planet but even he enjoys this place which is saying a lot.The store is really clean and the prices are pretty darn reasonable.  I took 3 people here and paid less than $20 for us all which compared to dairy queen it's cheaper and healthier for you.  Just writing this review makes me want to hop in my car and speed on down there before they close tonight. Soooo yummy!
4	Holy toppings! This place has it going on! This is the first fro-yo place I've been to that has "bottoms" which are different toppings that actually go in your cup before you dispense fro-yo.  I went with a simple brownie, salted caramel fro-yo & nutella topping, then on the other side of my cup (yes, I divide my cup in half) oatmeal cookie fro yo & peanut butter sauce. SO good! Those toppings really can hike up the price here since they can be so heavy, they had varieties I've never seen in other shops. Very cool place. Also, the oatmeal cookie fro-yo was probably one of the best flavors I've had!
4	Definitely one of my favorite yogurt stops. I love how the flavors are constantly changing! The stations are very clean and the staff is always helpful.
5	I take my kids here at least two times a week. The staff is sweet and topping selection is awesome! My daughter got the Captain Crunch yogurt and we could not believe how it tasted exactly like the cereal. We love to play with flavor combos every time.
5	Out of every yogurt place I've ever been to, Yogurtology Glendale is by far the best! If you're looking for quality fro-yo and fresh toppings, this is the place to go. Their staff are some of the best and always quick on their feet when it comes to picking up the topping bar, cleaning and making sure the toppings are filled fresh at all times! Way to go Yogurtology Glendale!
5	If you are fortunate enough be there when they have Butterfinger Crunch, you are in for a treat. Try the hot fudge and hot caramel toppings too. The waffle cones are great.
5	I came in an hour before close and although some staff were cleaning, I didn't feel rushed to get my froyo and get out. Everyone was really friendly and the place was amazingly clean!
5	Totally impressed with this little frozen yogurt shop! Delicious frozen yogurt, large array of toppings, clean environment, and friendly staff- what more could  you ask for! Will definitely be coming back often.
