5	Mirage Pedi Spa has only been open a couple of weeks and they already have heavy traffic. For good reason - this place is wonderful!! I would most certainly recommend making an appointment. I only had a pedi today and even though they were super busy I never felt rushed nor that they were rushing on my feet. I will certainly be coming back for more pampering in the future!!
3	This salon makes a great first impression. Soft lighting, pedicure massage chairs, and almost immediate attention when you walk in the door. There are movies playing with subtitles on the big TV screens and it's lovely and quiet.The reason I am giving it just an "ok" review is when I asked what the cost was for a manicure, I was told $15.00. While the polish is being removed from my nails, I ask for a french manicure. I have natural nails, so it truly is a regular french manicure. After the gent has put the white polish on the tips of my nails, he says, "French Manicures are $5.00 more."Now, I wouldn't have minded paying the extra money IF that was told to me prior to this point because I MAY have decided to just go with a regular, non-french polish manicure. So I felt a little tricked here.I wouldn't have bothered writing anything at all until I went to remove the polish today. I'm pretty sure the guy put GEL on my nails instead of regular polish (without asking me) because it took a half bottle of nail polish remover and about 20 minutes of soaking/scrubbing to get the polish off my nails.This place has great potential, but they missed the mark with me.
3	Went in today for a french pedicure after reading about the $20 grand opening special. I didn't make an appointment but I only waited a few minutes. The place is quite nice; very modern and relaxing. They have this quiet-ish waterfall, three televisions with subtitled programs, and soft music. I was taken to the pedi chair (there were many chairs btw) and told them what I wanted. My pedicurist pushed quite hard to get me to upgrade to gel polish, but I just wanted plain polish. I would have been happier if he has stopped after the first "no".He was somewhat rough with the filing, trimming, and pumicing, but that seems to be the case everywhere else unless you tell them. He also used instruments from a blister case, which I liked, but midway through I noticed there wasn't a liner in the foot basin. If you're sensitive to that I'd ask if they were at least available upon request. I a also noticed that he "cleaned" pumice stone by dipping into foot basin. I'm not sure if they do a through cleaning after, but that bothered me a bit.The final result was alright for how quickly he applied the polish. I might come back if I'm in the area.
5	I walked in to make an appointment for the next day because I saw the $20 spa pedicure sign out front. Immediately after entering, I was impressed with the salon. Darkened, with sounds of water, quiet and relaxing, and great ventilation so that the smell is almost non existent!The employees were very professional and I had the pleasure of meeting Diana, who gave me a gel mani/pedi for $75. My callused feet are so smooth now and my nails look great! I really enjoyed their fancy massage chairs and, again, their high quality equipment and nail polish selection. Just walk in to take a look. You'll like what you see. + great for large groups+ no smell that makes you nauseous+ sufficiently staffed so you won't have to wait + walk ins welcomed but appointments are appreciated+ they do not use the same tools on different people. Each person gets a tray of tools, like at the dentist! Yay for no fungal infections!Overall, a great experience!
5	Our family used to go the the Dentalville that was in this suite. My daughter and I were in need of a "girl day", so I said lets get Pedis and see how they remodeled the space. Much to our surprise, the facility and the service we both recieved was amazing! I know where we will be going from now on!
3	The salon is brand new and beautiful there are plenty of stations and spa chairs for pedis and even cute small pink chairs for kids. I came in for the 20 dollar pedi special. The people who work there are friendly. The pedi I got was average nothing amazing though.
5	I have come here four times now and absolutely love this place. I always ask for Vivina. She takes her time and is really detail oriented.  The overall atmosphere of the salon is modern with water features to help you relax and dark lighting. They now serve you water, wine, jack and coke, captain and coke or vodka sprite with your pedicure. I usually just opt for the water but this could be nice for a girls trip for manis and pedis. As long as they keep the prices the way they are I will be a regular.
4	So I was recommended this place by one of my best friends because she really enjoyed the atmosphere and I must say... Mirage spa really does have you feeling like you're in a mirage, jungle-esque environment.The whole salon is pretty dimly lit with modern decor. They have a huge front desk that has some water streaming down behind it. There's also a second waterfall in the back if I'm not mistaken. They have light sticks hanging from the ceiling that have the lights fading down - resembling falling stars. I don't remember background music being played, but that's fine for me as I find the sound of the water way more relaxing. They have 3 big screens placed in the center. I believe they have all 3 running on Netflix so no worries for commercials while you're getting pampered.Now.. They do have a special grand opening deal on a spa pedicure for $20 I believe. I didn't opt for that and instead made an appointment for a gel manicure only. The time slot I wanted wasn't available since I was told they were pretty booked. When I arrived I actually got seen right away. I was so afraid that since I was informed it was pretty full I was going to have to wait a bit, but NOPE! I got seen by Diana whose really sweet. I was in and out in less than 50 minutes WITH pretty good quality work. Usually when I'm seen that quickly you can tell by the nails, haha.To sum it up, I will probably be returning back. I hope I have found a home for my nails at this place.
2	This place is conveniently located, and beautiful with a relaxing atmosphere. The front desk is friendly and helpful. I have patronized Mirage Pedi Spa twice now. The first time was a good experience for me. The second visit I was very disappointed I checked in at 6pm and was told that it will be a 30 minute wait. After waiting 50 min I was told that I had to come back the next day because they close at 7pm. Most nail salons close at 7pm in this area and now I am expected to find another place in 10 minutes and hopes that will service me. I express my disappointment to the receptions and they agree to service me if I wanted to continue to wait. After an hour and half they took someone else over me and I left without my pedicure.  I will never recommend this place to anyone until they advance their customer service skills.
2	This place is gorgeous inside ! The environment is relaxing and has great potential but I will not return until they hire someone new for the front desk . After visiting 4-5 times I am completely over this girl. The first time I visited I understood they were a new salon but I literally at 6 months pregnant had to lift my feet up to show this girl I did NOT Have a French pedicure done as she asked me 3x in a row as she was ringing up my transaction. Another time , I was washing my hands after a fill and she walks up behind me and tells me where the soap is . I had already used the soap before that and was continuing to wash my hands. She stood there and watched me til I was finished . I'm in my 30s I really do not need a young girl with no customer service skills watching me wash my hands or telling me where the soap is . I had to explain to her I knew where the soap was and had already used it before she would finally walk away!?! Every time I get ready to pay and leave she watches me and practically runs to the counter to collect the money. Umm , again , I am pretty sure I have never walked out of anywhere without paying or given her reason to act like this towards me . The final straw was the last time I went she told me they were too busy to get me in, she did not ask if I wanted to make an appt or ask anyone what time I could return or offer me a time to return.. You do not just let your patrons walk out the door especially when you know they visit there 1x or more a week. There are way too many nail salons in this area to refuse good customers or run them off. My only issue with a couple of the other staff members is they do tend to UPSELL their services without actually telling you that it will cost more . I do know certain things cost more but they do seem to be a lil sneaky in the way they jack up the price on you without knowing .
5	Came here for the first time. .. Great experience! Friendly staff and a beautiful atmosphere.  I recommend the deluxe pedi.
5	The atmosphere is nothing like I have scene before. Very relaxing and modern. They can accommodate large parties. And they even have small chairs for little girls that are pink!
5	What a beautiful salon, and very nice customer service oriented place, unlike other salons, very comfortable chairs and trust me I have back problems, Hugh did an amazing job with my nails, he introduced himself first he's very nice and great at what he does, the place is super elegant, and relaxing it has 2 waterfalls, I can't wait to come back for a pedi, found a new place
3	I had a great pedicure here, but the service was a turn off (in particular, the manager). The manager had a attitude when I asked for a discount since my friend went during their grand opening and got a discount and the manager said she would give that same discount to any of her friends. I came in and spoke with the manager and she seemed so irritated that I was asking for a discount. By the way, this is the same discount you would get if you had the coupon, I just did not have the coupon. I showed her a pic of my friend and she acted like she didn't know her even when she had just met her that day. She ended up giving it to me, but with grief. Also, she was friendly and kind to other customers. That's not a way to get business, the manager should be nice to everyone. It's a new spa that appears clean and the person I got did a good job. Due the manager's professionalism I will not return.Also the pedicure was $20 when it opened, then became $25, and now I don't know what the cost is. They have mini spas with cute butterflies for kids which is a plus.
4	I scheduled an appointment here after a heated search for a good nail salon.  I want the spa experience, without the snooty hotel/resort spa prices, but I also want to have fun.  This place delivered!  My appointment started off with myself and my daughter, and grew with two additional people accompanying us.  All told, we spent over $250.00 on gel nails, pedicures and one acrylic.  I felt that it was worth it because of the wonderful spa-like atmosphere, the service and the results.  You don't feel you are in a chintzy shop - as it feels glamorous when you arrive to see the waterfall and the swanky seats.  There were plenty!  I like being ushered back to the pedicure chairs and given the opportunity to soak for a bit before they start in on my feet.  My gal - Le Le (sp?) was spectacular!  She was very attentive and whatever she did - she cleared with me first.  Almost a week later and my heels are still smooth as a babies bottom!  Seriously!  I got the deluxe pedicure - which is awesome and reasonable!  They are professional and friendly.  The prices are amazing!! I know it is new but I hope this lasts.  Warning:  They do have a sign that offers complimentary drinks.  One of my friends was cut off at one drink though.  Not sure if that policy was made up by her nail tech but it killed her mood completely to the point that she didn't want to get her fingernails done by him.  The sign should be changed to A Complimentary Drink!  I understand that they are not a bar and don't want the patrons plowed but she felt singled out as no one else mentioned this so-called policy and we were having such a wonderful time until that moment.  Not only was it rude to impose a so-called policy at the drop of a dime, but then when I asked other technicians about this "policy" her nail tech that cut her off at one started over-talking to my nail tech in his language.  Whatever happened to the wonderful English you were speaking minutes ago when introducing the available services?  Spoke that nice and clear.  This is my biggest gripe with nail salons!!  Be mindful because now people have really really smart phones, and they can turn on their microphones and have what you are saying translated.  It could cost you business!!Other than dealing with him, the service was impeccable, the people were great and our nails look FABULOUS!  I will definitely be going back.  To Le Le that is!!+
5	This place is awesome ...my nail tech is one of a kind... he is awesome an I think I wouldnt go to no one else ever again. He know what he is doing ang when I have ingrown nails he how to get them out make my feet feel soo much better! Great place to relax an an get of awesome pedicure.  You rock Van!
5	Love this spa,  fun and relaxing place.  ; ) Every time I have come in for my nails and pedi, I get the best aways. The staff is friendly and so nice to myself and my mom.  From day one they have made ne happy, as snall nails is not easy to do. I an so u happy I wont go back to the old spa of 12 years.  ;) Come see the beautiful place and relaxing time here. Also the prices are great.
5	Went in for a gel mani and deluxe pedi. VAN did my nails and let me say he knows how to use his hands!!! Best message ever!  He even told me to let him know if the pressure was to much... No such thing!! I will definitely be back and request him. Great ambiance! Superb service. And prices weren't bad at all. Thank you my pedi spa!!!
5	This is hands down the best spa experience in vegas. Just had a mani pedi and eyebrow and the ambiance and service are wonderful.  The staff are pleasant and talented.   The amenities are unmatched and you really need to try it for a relaxing escape.  Movies and waterfalls and beverages to enjoy.
5	I stopped in here today because I finally decided to treat myself to a pedicure and try a new spot. I had received something in the mail for a deal on a spa pedicure. I did not expect to walk into what I did. This is NOT your normal nail salon. Everything from the scenery to the sound was just awesome! Best part? They offer complimentary cocktails too!!Hugh, the owner, did my pedicure. He was engaging without feeling out on. The chair itself was the best that I have ever had. I cannot go on enough about this place. I will never go anywhere else. The only downfall is that they weren't busy. They need to be. Spread the word and try this place out. Ask for Hugh!! I was amazed the entire time I was there. It was like being on vacation for an hour. I can't wait to go back!  Thanks, Hugh!!
5	The best nail place in town ! Amazing staff and super relaxing ! There's even a disco ball :D and their products they use are out of this world.  Definetly the only place I know that you can have a jack and coke with your pedi!!!! Such a cute place. #1 in Vegas !
3	Went in for a standard pedicure and a princess pedicure (children's pedi). They have the cutest little kids pedi spa chairs! Standard spa pedi $25 if you get the deluxe it comes with a complimentary alcohol beverage and kids pedi $20. Clean and very mod! The ladies were nice but not personable, my girl didn't talk to me whatsoever just didn't make me feel welcome that's why I'm giving them three stars.
3	Overall, this place is nice, but not the best manicure. The atmosphere is great, a little tacky for my taste, but a world apart from other salons in Vegas. I made an appointment, showed up early and got seated right away. The girl at the front desk was great, super nice, but probably a little inexperienced. She asked everyone (a total of 4 people) if they wanted drinks, but some how skipped me.I got a gel manicure and acrylic fill. My total was $40. I tried to explain that I wanted to transition from acrylic to natural with gels, but my nail tech, Tony, ignored that and just filled my nails. It was a VERY uncomfortable manicure and I have been getting gels for a few years now every so often. He was rough and had strong, sweaty hands (but soft!) with long nails that poke me throughout the process. I asked for a rounded/oval shape and he did a decent job. They aren't even and the polish is a little sloppy. He wiped off the polish he got on my fingers and cuticle with his own nail, which is a big pet peeve of mine. Another pet peeve is when they don't clean out the leftover acrylic from underneath the nail, but they did that so that was very nice. Tony continually pointed out that the gal that did my nails before did them very straight and flat (which I didn't mind) and he insisted he would shape mine so they were round. He did, but they are super uneven and bumpy on the top. With all the great spots on this side of town, I probably won't be back. Good prices, poor skill level.
5	Affordable,  nice atmosphere,  great pedi,  no wait time,  takes appointments,  they do child pedis which is unique and awesome
5	I definitely found my new nail place! I've been bouncing around the last couple of times I've had my nails done... I can't seem to find someone who really put enough effort into my acrylics & my pedicures... Lumpy bumpy and uneven acrylic.. Half ass pedis & foot massages... But I came to my pedi spa today because it was a mile away from my house... And let me tell you I'll be back! Best foot massage I've had in a very long time! The back massage chairs are top of the line. Very clean spa.. TONS of colors to choose from.. And the staff is so nice. My nails look awesome! My feet feel & look amazing. They don't rush at all.. They take their time.. Nice selection of different pedis... And they ever serve cocktails.. GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY... You won't be disappointed.. (Jimmy is wonderful) (:
5	Got a Mani and Pedi with Hugh. Love this place!! It's always a relaxing and friendly environment. They take their time and do a great job. Today I flew in with no appointment and only 45 min to get a gel mani and pedi. They were efficient with the time given an did an excellent job as always!! :)
1	Worst pedi. If your gonna call your place a pedi spa, please give a good pedi. The guy i got was slow (usually a good thing with pedis) passed the clippers over the cuticle with no actual cutting, awful crooked and round shaped nails. Then waited for the manager to come fix but there wasnt much he could do at this point but finish. So as im drying he asks if i can pay so they can close and adds wish we could have done a better job for you. ??? well how about you offer a proper pedi at a later date or some sort of discount. NOTHING. well thats what they will get from me too. NOTHING.
