1	==The Last Time I Visit This Fucking Guitar Center==--A tragicomedy in one act by Jetta.--(The Bass Room of a Guitar Center. Jetta, an odd yet striking woman in her early twenties, peruses the assorted overpriced bass guitars and bass amplifiers. Underneath a veneer of exquisite beauty lies a hidden feeling of sadness and disappointed. Perhaps distressed, she flags down a GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE sporting a ponytail.)GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Is there something I can help you with?JETTAYes, I'm looking for an upright bass.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE An upright bass? What do you mean?JETTAYou know, a double bass. A classical one. Like in the picture over there.(JETTA motions to a promotional still of Jimbo Wallace, bass player of Rev. Horton Heat, holding an upright bass. It is prominently displayed on the wall.)JETTALike the kind they use in rockabilly.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEEOh, you mean a fretless bass. We have one right over here.JETTANo, that's a fretless bass guitar. I want an upright bass. You know, they're kind've shaped like cellos. I know there isn't one in the room, I was wondering if I could special order one through you. Or just go through the website.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Um, er, I don't know. Let me check.(GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE exits. JETTA sends a few text messages. He returns.)GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEEWe don't have any of those in the back. JETTACan I order one through your website? Or should I go through Musician's Friend?GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Um, I'm not sure. You could try both I guess. JETTAI think I'll just go to Sam Ash and see if they have one. Thanks though.(JETTA breaks eye contact, effectively ending the conversation. GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE does not get the hint.)GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Can I help you with anything else? Maybe a new bass amp. We do have some acoustic bass guitars in the acoustic room. Would you like to look at one of those?JETTANo thanks. It's not really the same, you know.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEESo what kind of music do you play?JETTAThe kind that you need an upright bass for.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Oh.JETTAExcuse me, I need to walk past you.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE Well if you need anything, my name is--JETTAI need you to get out of my way.(JETTA, enraged, storms off, the clicking of her heels echoing throughout the whole store. GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE looks around and sees a teenager playing with a brand new B.C. Rich while their parent looks on. He walks over to them as the curtain goes down.)
2	Some employees in some Guitar Centers are good, but during this visit I got one a$$h0le and one who knew what he was doing.  I had previously purchased a recorder with a $30 coupon at a different Guitar Center store.  Within the week Guitar Center sent me a $50 coupon.  So I go into the store with my receipt and requested a price match for the difference as they have a 45-day price match guarantee.  The salesman looks at the receipt and says,  "Oh, this is from a different store you'll have to take this back to the same store." And then he quickly give me back the receipt.  I look at him and chuckle and ask for the manager.  I asked for the manager because this dumb a$$ obviously doesn't even know his own store's policies.  He gets mad at me because he thinks the manager is going to tell me the same thing.  He walks off in a huff to go get the manager.  Tells the manager with an attitude in his voice that I need his help.After telling the manager what I was there for, the manager says, "Sure we can do that."
1	I didn't go to Guitar Center expecting good service, and I got exactly what I expected.  I was visiting Phoenix for a week, so I decided to go to Guitar Center to look for a cheap acoustic guitar.  I was happy to find one that played reasonably well and came with a gig bag for only $75, so I decided to purchase it.  There were three employees standing around talking to each other, so I went to the first one and told him I'd like to buy the guitar.  "Oh, you will need to go to this guy over here."  He was nice enough to actually carry the guitar to the other person, who was on the phone, and let them know I wanted the guitar, but, not only was the other guy on the phone, he also had another customer he was helping.  I waited about 10 minutes, while the other employees were still standing around talking to each other.  Then I left.  Guitar Center needs to learn what I call "Rob's First Rule of Retail," which is, "If you have someone who wants to give you money, make it easy for them to do that."  It's not that 10 minutes was a long time to wait, although I have no idea how much longer I would have waited, it just galls me that you have three people standing there doing NOTHING while I am standing there like an idiot waiting for the one person who is doing any work there.  Sure, I'm only spending $75 THIS TIME, but next time I may be in there buying a high $$ item.  Enough ranting. . .Guitar Center sucks. . .I will probably do what I should have done in the first place--get the guitar off of Craigslist.
3	Guitar center is a horrible place to shop for your music needs. Much better to shop at a local spotty.But it's a fantastic place to let your kids play every insturment in the store until they are pooped beyond imagination. Coming from a musical family, my son and I can spend hours and hours going from room to room and playing every set of drums, guitar, keyboard and so on and so forth. Walking out with nothing but a good day well spent. Cheers. I'll drink to that.
5	Always find what I need. Management is very helpful and the store is organized and easy to browse.
3	Just came in to check it out, wanted to look into some accessory. Now I know I don't look like anyone who knows how to handle any musical equipment. But you don't have to treat me that way. Yes it was busy, but no one even asked if I was looking for something or if I needed any help. When I finally did ask someone a question, felt like I was bothering him. One good thing is, Guitar Center had a very wide selection. Almost anything you need.
