3	I love sweetbreads and the Argentines are known for grilling organs.  I am most fond of the thymus gland but I ventured into small intestine at Che Gaucho which was surprisingly good.  I didn't even dare to ask what the pate' like substance was inside.  Anyhow, we ordered the mixed grill item so we could try various offerings.  The flank steak was overdone but had a good taste.  I wasn't too fond of the blood sausage as the texture was weird and one may have to acquire a taste for it (and it was too close to Halloween!). Other sausage offerings were good.  My favorite was the chimichurri sauce - fresh.  The sides were poor: rice was yellow and bland, the mashed potatoes were instant, and the potato salad was bland.  Sangria was good for the price (approx $16 for the pitcher).  If I go again I will try the sweatbreads plate again only sans the sides except bread and try their traditional herbal drink - mate'.  Located near the Lacrosse store by the Woodlawn Light Rail Station.
4	Great parrillada for two, actually more than we could eat. A friend from Argentina rated it as authentic .The Argentine wines were good.Service and attention were great. Tricky to find, though...
4	Didn't expect to find this gem in North Carolina across from a Bojangles and IHOP.  First time with Argentinian food, and it was amazing.  The waitress was very friendly and the food came out quickly.I'm not really a carnivore but all the dishes I had were excellent: pechuga de pollo, ensalada russa, provoleta (wow, just wow).  Cleaned my plate with a glass of sangria to wash it down.  The pechuga de pollo was pounded flat, soooo flavorful, and tender.Definitely recommend if you haven't had Argentinian food before!
4	Argentine restaurants are very hard to come by in these parts, which is why I greatly anticipated giving Che Gaucho a try. And to make the taste test even more complete, I brought my dad along, who was visiting us from NYC. See, we grew up on "parilladas," a smorgasboard of meats and grilled organs, so if Che Gaucho was going to pass the acid test, it had to rock the parillada.Che Gaucho is nestled in the back of a quiet strip mall on Old Pineville Road, just off Woodlawn. Blink and you'll miss it. Good thing I had my GPS on my phone. It's a small restaurant, 10-12 tables max. I believe they have tango/folklore nights on Fridays and Saturdays, and if you love futbol, you can get your fix here; you'll likely catch a match from Argentina or Uruguay on one of their flatscreen TVs. It's quiant, unspectacular, unassuming. Nicely decorated. Our waiter was quite attention, and very quick to offer recommendations. Surprised to learn he was from Nicaragua...nowhere near Argentina, mind you. I want authenticity, damn you! Kidding. He was the tops. Wonderful service. He recommended a very delicious Malbec (my fave wine), which went down very smoothly.For starters, we had the empanadas. My family (including my wife) have been spoiled by my mother's legendary empanadas. I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that no one, and I mean NO ONE, has ever surpassed her empanadas. These were tasty, but not my mom's. As for the parillada, we very pleasantly surprised. The flank steak was flavorful, not too overdone. The chorizo was tasty, and gently spicy. The sweetbreads were very good. I stayed away from the blood sausage, though. That shit's gross. Ugh. The parillada was tastefully accompanied with a tomato and onion salad on oil, and an "ensalada rusa," basically a fancied-up potato salad. Certainly, the parillada passed our strict tests.I had no complaints, but my dad would have preferred to have some seltzer/club soda with his wine - even as part of one of the great wine-making nations of the world, Argentines feel the need to add seltzer to their wine, which seems completely illogical to me; it's like Colombians drowning their wonderful coffee in milk - and the bread (this man MUST eat every meal with bread, which is why he avoid Chinese restaurants) option - rolls instead of baguettes - could have been better. If you've never sampled Argentine cuisine, this is the place for you to do so. And if you have sampled Argentine cuisine before, you won't be disappointed.
3	At night the shopping strip turns of their lights, only the restaurant's sign at the far end is lit. The decor is a downer, some great photos of  gauchos but otherwise brown carpet, brown walls, formica wood tables, metal chairs. At least the place was spotless so there's that. It wasn't the best time to have dinner there as there was a table of thirty people who had just sat down and that always makes it hard for the kitchen and the service. There was only one waitress and one helper but the woman was a real pro and she remained on top of things the whole time, without running or getting flustered. Amazing. In Miami there are maybe a hundred Argentine restaurants (a half a dozen just in my neighborhood) and the competition is fierce, we're used to high standards.We started of with empanadas ,one meat and one chicken, ridiculously cheap for a sit down restaurant: $1.50! They were the deep fried variety, I prefer the baked ones but ok. The meat filling was pretty good, but the chicken was mealy and tasted past sell date, so we skipped that. Next was the provoleta (grilled provolone) possibly because of the rush they tried serving us a microwaved cheese. I sent it back with instructions to put it in the broiler - the waitress confirmed I was right. Next was a salchicha parillera, which the same thing as a skinny grilled Italian sausage -sometimes there's cheese in it as well. It was slighlty undercooked but very good. The provoleta came back broiled so it was ok , but they should use a sharper cheese. We shared a mixed grill for one which I always order medium rare. The steak was thick cut, but it was not vacio (known here as skirt steak or flat meat) or churrasco (the better part of the Flank)  it was a rumsteak which is neither as tender nor as tasty but acceptable. The chorizo, morcilla (blood sausage aka black pudding), molleja (sweet breads) and the asado de tira (short ribs) were all very good, but the short rib I got  was quite small. I didn't order chinchulines (tripe) because I don't like it. The chimichurry sauce was home made and fresh. Also mild enough which is a plus, strong chimichurri tends to repeat. The sides were russian salad and regular salad nothing to say about that. The wine is cheap, generic Argentine. The choices are Malbec, Merlot and Cabernet. Brand name "Arge y Tina" (Argentina!) that generic and not even from the province of Mendoza where 90% of their wine is made. To be honest it was cheap and drinkable and it went well with the meal. Overall not great, and not bad either and reasonably priced.  If this is it as far as Argentine restaurants go in Charlotte we'll probably go back maybe once a month.... unless I find an Argentine butcher.
4	Finally made it into Che Gaucho (if you're wanting to head there for lunch after 1pm, call ahead, they apparently will close early on days lunch is slow) and I can't wait to go back for dinner. Tucked into the back of a fairly dismal strip center, the restaurant is pretty bare itself. Clean, and with an odd little bar setup, but very tan and very plain... with a unexpectedly large TV. The menu is in spanish with english descriptions, and they offer daily lunch specials. Apparently all lunches come with a free cup of soup, and we were treated to a delish chicken one with a good portion of bread. I had browsed the menu online before our first attempt to eat here, but the menu we were given had some different items on it (and was missing a few). We went with the empanadas to start (2 beef, 1 cheese), the pastel de choclo, and a churrasco sandwich with avocado/tomato. The beef empanadas were pretty good, while the cheese empanada was a lot of dough with a tiny piece of melted cheese in a huge air pocket. The dough, I have to say, is luckily quite tasty. The pastel de choclo was as expected, a delish corn pot-pie of sorts with beef, olives, and hard boiled egg in the middle, it's smaller container was the perfect lunch portion. Also, it's served with a heaping bowl of tomatoes and raw onions tossed in cilantro, but that went fairly untouched. The sandwich was tasty, and even though there was a request for no mayo it came with it, about a cup of it, smooshed between the lettuce and the top bun. After some scraping it was salvaged, and it was a flavorful piece of meat and a decent sandwich (served with fries). The two sauces on the table (one is a chimichurri and the other maybe closer to a salsa?) were nice condiment options.The server was very friendly, though my water sat unfilled for a bit, and although we made it out in a standard lunch hour, the entree portion came out a little closer to the end than we would have liked. Of course that could have been skewed by us ordering an appetizer, but I look forward to ordering dinner (especially the mixed grill) and not feeling like I have to rush through a bit of my meal to leave on time.
1	No stars for this dump! My hubby is from uruguay and we were so ecstatic to find an argentinean place besides chima... So disappointing! We had the chivito for lunch which is a famous sandwich from uruguay. They used the worst piece of steak that was fatty and salty i could barely take more than two bites. We started with a provoleta which we make at home all the time... Simply take some good quality provolone and sprinkle with herbs. Then we put in a cast iron skillet and put on the grill... Delish! These people threw some cheese on a plate and stuck it in the micro! We had a glass of wine each and it was the cheapest wine ever! Prices are not cheap and the quality is not acceptable! Argentinean food is delicious and i would hate for this place to give newcomers a literal bad taste in their mouths! Until there is a decent argentinean place we continue making chimichurri at home!
1	My wife and I went for lunch and ordered the Parrillada for One and everything was horrible. We are from Bolivia so we have tasted what Parrillada should be... and this was not. The meat was not seasoned and it seemed to be cooked on a skillet and not on the Parrilla... as it should be. We were shocked at the price... but hoped that the taste would offset the shock but it did not. Horrible Parrilada. We will never go there again.
4	Been in ( The Che Gaucho restaurant  )  was a wonderful experience.  The food is very very Good, The chicken and beef enpanadas, Ensalada rusa, Flan, Churrasco, La Parrillada, everything was Delicious.   The owners are incredible at the way treated the customers,  It make you feel special, caring and happy.  If you really want to enjoy a Delicious food and a great Customer Service do not hesitate to visit The Che Gaucho Restaurant.  Thank you Sylvia for your outstanding customer care.Ms: Lynette
2	On second thought there were too many negatives and I never went back
3	I haven't had the chance to try the food yet, this is just a heads up. Reboot # 3 - on its third owner now, this restaurant has been bought and is operated by an Uruguayan. I was tipped of this by my neighbor who is also from there.  The old old # is disconnected and the web site is obsolete. I informed Yelp of the changes, in the meanwhile the new number is (704) 500 -0407
4	Decent lunch spot - their specials run from ~$5-9.  Portions are large, in fact, my sandwich was converted into two meals.  I tried a sandwich with thinly pressed steak, a thin layer of ham, a thin layer of bacon, a thin layer of mozzarella with a fried egg and some sort of mayonnaise-ish sauce on this giant roll.  Really really good.  Served with a side of fries.  The fries were nothing special, but, decent nonetheless.Coworker tried a two sausage plate with black sausage and a sausage that looked like traditional chorizo, served with a side salad.  He loved the chorizo and said the black sausage (basically blood sausage) was just ok.Best part of the meal, however, was the soup and rolls they bring out while you wait on your food.  The soup was a potato soup with small bits of corn and ham.  I would have liked this as an entree on some other occasion.  The rolls were served warm with a crisp exterior and a soft chewy interior.  Great for mopping up some soup (probably not great manners to dip your bread into your soup, but I didn't care 'cause that sh*t was good).  Chimchurri and a hot sauce served on the side.Decor was nothing special, but I've never been a big fan of ambience - I've just always thought it was overated.  I go to a restaurant to eat and to hang out with friends, not admire the decor and lighting.Our waitress was informative (she gave us the americanized definitions of certain menu items) and flat out funny.  The restaurant wasn't very crowded - 3 total parties inside, so she was the only waitress I saw.  The meal takes a little too long to come out, but that hopefully just means they're cooking everything from scratch.If you're on adkins or want to participate in meat-fest type experiences, this is the place for you.Impressed.
3	So I am upgrading my rating for this place. They have changed owners and they are actually from uruguay so it is much more authentic! Went with the hubs for lunch and although it was empty and the decorations are a bit lacking, I am happy to say we ate until stuffed! Try the chicken Milanesa sandwich with yummy Russian potato salad or the Choripan (Argentinean sausage on bread)!By no means does it compare to the TRUE argentinean/uruguayan cuisine we are used to, but I will give three stars just because there is no competition!
4	If you like big portions and delicious food this is the place for you.... I had more than I could eat. the only inconvenience for me was the location which is not very accessible and parking is a little small.. I definitely recommend this place.
4	Let's start with Service, it was good service our server Carlos was extremely nice and made us feel very comfortable, however it was a bit busy for them to only have one server, so it was not really the guy's fault. He had a table with over 12 people, and 3 more tables on a saturday night. Their Maracuya (Passion Fruit) drink was unbelievable, it was amazing, so it's a must have if you go there. Decided to order the Parrillada for 2, and we had plenty left over. Some of the stuff in that parrillada was good and some other well not my thing but most of it was amazing.Prices are not what they have on the website, they are a lot more expensive in the menu, I assume it is because of the new owners, but they should at least change it. Parrillada for 2 was over $32.00, so definitely expect to pay a lot more than the website menu says.I do have to say though, it was absolutely worth it, really good ambience and music. Location is really not that open to be seen, I had to look it up, have gone through there several times and never seen it before.
4	It's overlooking a train rail and a laundromat. My brother and I came in here, and the place was empty. Those looks can be deceiving."Quieres algo a tomar?" our waiter asked.You're speaking my lingo, man. Our waiter was from Uruguay, and he and I reminisced in the broken Spanish I can speak. I lived in Buenos Aires for about four months in 2012 and was feeling nostalgic, so I guess you could say this difficult-to-find place (gracias a Dios para GPS) satiated more than one appetite.We got beef empanadas to start, which were as cheap as the ones us college kids lived on until we couldn't stomach more of the heavy, meaty and budget-friendly pastries. Che Gaucho's take has a spice akin to the flavor from tacos, and the pastry was bubbly. Though I wasn't as crazy about these, the chimichurri and hot pepper oil served with them was fantastic, and if it makes a good sauce vessel (see also: tortilla chips and guacamole, stale bread and fondue, then it's all right with me.Now, let me tell you about the parrillada. It is the plate o' plenty if you're a meat-lover. A variety of cuts, flavors, and textures. Images of Xanadu come to mind. For a recreational vegetarian like me, it's a crazy binge that makes me question my life choices up to this point. Or at least question why I don't move back. Be sure to try the morcilla, a blood sausage. The kind that sounds terrible on paper but has the spices and flavoring to turn into a good idea. I also enjoyed the sweetbreads, the tender, fatty kind that make you forget about your running regime. The steaks from the parrillada were wonderfully rich, but if rarely like your red meat rare, be sure to tell your server. "Un poco rojo" will get you a very rare, but pulse-free, cut.I'm not a native, but I will say it's a wonderful deal and an even more wonderful way to try Argentinian and Uruguayan cuisine in the Charlotte area. If you can make it to dessert, I'm sure the alfajores (cookie sandwiches with dulce de leche) would be killer.
5	Tasty, tender steak. Parillada x2 plenty food. A good sangria best way to end this dinner. I notice a good improvement addition of booths looking much much better....great job guys!!
3	I have a hard time feeling okay with paying $25 for a plate of food in a crappy strip mall in the hood. I wasn't ready to drop that kind of cash so I got the chorizo sandwich for $6 and it was not enjoyable. With that said, I'm biased toward Mexican chorizo which I adore. Just not at all what I expected.
4	I stopped here while visiting a friend in Charlotte and loved it.   The service was great and the food authentically Argentinean.   The entrana sandwich was cooked to perfection and the empanadas are a good size and fresh made. The decor and ambiance is just ok,  but if you're looking for real Argentinean food (hard to find in Charlotte!!) this is the place for you!!
