3	Panera is a great spot to go to for breakfast OR lunch. Even when it is super busy the line moves pretty quickly, and their food is always on point. In particular, their soups and salads are really good. And if you go for breakfast you HAVE to get the pumpkin muffin top - YUM!!!
3	Consistency...  that's a good thing about Panera.  Whatever location you go to in Charlotte (or anywhere else) the menu and their offerings stay the same so it's a pretty safe bet if you are looking for something comfortable to choose from as a far as menu offerings go.I had the sesame chicken salad and it was good as always.  Light on the dressing and tasty.Didn't have a bad experience, but it seems like there is always a line.  Probably a good sign, but it sucks when you are trying to save some time and be somewhere else.This location is pretty busy.  The parking lot is very awkward.  I think they were going for the "what looks pretty" versus functional.  If you can navigate into a parking space, you should be good to go.... just watch out for those other... (cough) Ballantyne drivers and the possibility of damaging some pricey vehicles (even if it isn't your fault).
2	Man...used to love this Panera Bread when I lived in Charlotte previously. Unfortunately...the service/cleanliness has seen better days. Foods still good, but it seems like they've given up on this location.Maybe it was a bad night (...and I know they're not really a "dinner" spot either)
3	Their boxed lunches are easy and convenient when you are trying to conduct a working lunch meeting.  You can get a salad or sandwich in the boxed lunch, which also comes with chips and a ginormous cookie.  They do a nice job in making sure we have everything we need -for example, we usually order a jug of tea and they include a bucket of ice, cups, lids, straws, lemons, etc. I guess my company doesn't want to pay extra for delivery, so we usually have to send someone out to pick up our order.  They are really close to our office  & it takes only a couple of minutes to get there.  But, the downside is that parking is a hassel and the place gets packed early. Luckily, you don't have to wait in that long  line of people  to pick up a catering order.
5	Panera is where all your dreams come true.  This location holds a special place in my stomach.  I come here at least 3 times a week since this place is a stone's throw away from my dwelling hut and a skip away from the hamster wheel.The staff have been extremely flexible with me and my indecisive cravings.  Even at the pick-up station, they always hook you up with extra bread, chips, and (just yesterday) even a full sized BBQ chicken salad!  Don't ask for hook-ups during busy hours.  They get more generous closer to closing.
2	I had the worst worst boxed lunch from Panera today. It was such a disappointment because usually they do a good job with our catering orders. My office ordered from the catering menu so you get what they call a boxed lunch.  On the catering menu, they describe the boxed lunch salad as your choice of Premium, Signature or Cafe salad served with 1/2 of a baguette (plain or whole wheat) and your choice of cookie. I ordered the Thai Chopped Chicken salad - which I have had before and the first time I loved it.  Sadly, this time it was just gross. When I opened the salad, I noticed immediately that they had forgotten the low-fat Thai Chili Vinaigrette which is usually included in little containers on the side.  Oh well, no worries, I'll live without salad dressing even though last time I thought the chili vinegrette was pretty tasty.  But then I bite into the salad and there is something gritty.  I take another bite of just  chicken and again, there's the grit.  It was also in the roasted veggies.  Did they sandblast the chicken & veggies before grilling them?  Yucko, big thumbs down.   :-( I really don't know why they advertise that the salad boxed lunch comes with a portion of baguette, but they don't serve that - instead they throw a bag of potato chips in which is a weird accompaniment for a salad.  And my final disappointment of this meal, despite the fact that I requested a toffee nut cookie, they have given me an oatmeal raisin instead.   Oatmeal rasin is ok, but if I am going to splurge and indulge in a sweet treat, I'd really rather it be the flavor I ordered. What's up Panera at Ballantyne?  Hope next time you do a better job.
2	Went there for a cookie in the afternoon, although the place was nice and clean, the stuff was friendly, but the cookie (Chocolate Duet with Walnuts) was way too sweet. I was just curious, checked on their website, there is 36g of sugar in this little, innocent cookie!!!! Won't go there again!!
4	Stopped in for lunch, parking was a bit of a pain because with so many other restaurants and businesses in the area it's hard to find any spaces especially during the lunch rush! But anyway, finally made it in and was surprised to find there was not a long line! I chose the Pick 2, with half Bacon Turkey Bravo sandwich and half Chopped Chicken Cobb with Avocado salad.The Bacon Turkey Bravo has to be one of my favorite sandwiches here! It has Smoked turkey breast, bacon, smoked Gouda, lettuce, tomatoes and signature dressing, on Tomato Basil bread. My favorite part is the bread, it's so moist and fresh and pairs well in flavor with the Gouda cheese and turkey breast! The Chopped Chicken Cobb with Avocado salad was also delicious it has chicken, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, Applewood-smoked bacon, Gorgonzola cheese, hard-boiled eggs, with herb vinaigrette, topped with fresh avocado. It's like a flavor explosion in your mouth! The mix of cheese, chicken and bacon with the delicious herb vinaigrette dressing is wonderful! And the fresh avocado on top is such a nice treat!I treated myself to a shortbread cookie as well, and it was huge and delicious! Overall, I had a nice experience here and look forward to returning!
4	Standard Panera. Good food and yummy bakery items. I'm here all the time, and in my opinion, that's enough of a review!
3	Good, consistent food and service.Parking can be tricky here. Not my fav Panera location, because I think half of Ballantyne "works from home" at this Panera!  It can be tricky to get a good table due to all the laptop entranced "customers" with nary a coffee cup in sight.  Last time I was there with my quiet, well-behaved 4yr old, a woman on a conference call grimaced as we sat down next to her and she proceeded to change tables.  We didn't walk into your office woman - this is a restaurant!
4	Decent but beware many many kids. A private school is near. If you don't mind snooty rich kids then you're ok
3	I typically phone in my order which is quite cumbersome at times. Lately they've only started making my order when I arrive! It took 50 minutes from the time I called until my food was finished recently. To top it off, the order was incomplete and I had to go back inside. I'd suggest checking the bag thoroughly before you leave. Staff seem disinterested, but the food is good
4	Panera Bread is always a good bet for fast, fresh casual dining.  We tend to end up here instead of McAllisters because the ambiance is nicer.  The staff at this location is friendly and the food is served quickly.  I do find it frustrating that this particular location always seems to be out of bread bowls when I'm craving soup on a cold or rainy Friday (the only time I really think about soup in a bread bowl).  It would seem that the manager would be able to tailor their baking schedule to take advantage of that.
4	Great food, always fresh and consistent.  This location is packed, but the new digital ordering at the entrance is a great time saver, though I wish you got a receipt then.  You pick 2 is my favorite - greek salad and Cesar salads with a sandwich is my favorite, and their bread is great, always fresh.
3	You know how Panera is... Almost as good as what you can make at home if you tried but not quite. This one is no different.
5	Of course, Panera Bread is awesome, as usual. This Panera has the rapid order line with kiosks to order your food and skip the line! Plus they have a table navigator they give you when you do order at the counter. The navigator tells the staff where you are sitting and they deliver the food to you. This was very different from most other Panera's I have visited in past. I love this feature because I was dining with my young child. This eliminates me having to go get the food during a busy lunch hour and leave her alone at the table. Of course the food was so yummy, as it always is. The staff was also very friendly. I love Panera to begin with, but I will definitely be back to this Panera location solely based on all the convenience and technology in this store.
1	30/10/14WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!! in the Night... The soup is cool and i wait up 25 minutes.. i see the soup in the counter ready waiting, i decide go and pick the food but the soup is cool and the sandwich hard.I request talk to manager, and he say sorry..  but i don't know about people in the kitchen... OMG finally after 26 minutes they replace the soup and sandwich but the order is wrong. Again after 20 minutes he finally bring the right food... finally
4	Oh Panera, what can I say--you provide some tasty morsels that get my sugar spiking first thing in the morning.  Your associates are always polished and professional (well except one time, but she was till waking up), your establishments are always clean, and you've never gotten my order wrong.  Good on you.
2	What in the world is going on here? First my tomato mozzarella panini had the tiniest amount of cheese. Then after they made me a new one the center was cold! Pastries were cold, I am aware that it's not "freshly baked" here BUT they are supposed to make me think it is? Right?! The fruit cup my mom had was not fresh and the chicken in her panini was undercooked. Gross. This location is the worst panera I have ever been to.
