5	I was so nervous about getting a spray tan because I've been left streaky before. I've never had a custom airbrush tan, it's always been in one of the booths. Elisha was very professional and really worked with me to find out the right solution for my skin and the look I wanted. It came out beautiful! No streaks and very natural. Prices are very reasonable too. Highly recommend!
5	I've had a couple of great spray tan in the past and airbrush is the way to go!  The two good places were over 2x the cost.  The 3rd place turned me orange and scared me away from sprays for years.  Well, through Groupon and a leap of faith, I took a chance on this place and I finally found my place.  Great product, great professional applying the product and the price is what you pay for the misting machine but you get personal airbrushing.  I love the fact that Elisha is a bit OCD because hygiene is so important to me, especially in this line of service.  Color is even and natural looking; no more orange goo. Elisha even gives loyal customers an incentive come back price...YAY me!
5	Elisha is great! I was so nervous about standing half naked in front of someone but she's warm and professional.. She gave great direction and had so much knowledge about what she was doing. I walked in ghost white and walked out looking like I had an awesome summer tan!
5	I had a great experience at Sin City Spray Tans. Elisha is very professional and knowledgeable about spray tanning. I loved that my tan lasted  two weeks! Will be back soon!
1	I've tried contacting them over the phone and even through text as the phone message suggests and I have not yet received a reply. Even if they don't have the availability I need, I don't see why they can't respond through text to say when their next availability is. If I could give zero stars I would. I called and texted them at 10:30am today and it is now 10:45pm. Still no response. I have had zero luck on even speaking with someone at this business. I had high hopes for this place since it got good reviews.
5	I'd like to take back my previous review. I was just informed that they had a death in the family. Of course that makes it understandable why I didn't hear back from them until now. I am very sorry for their loss. I am still unable to rate due to the fact that I have never been to their business but hopefully the 5 stars will counteract the 1 star I gave them.
