5	I had a very good experience with Knight Performance.  I needed an oil change, my brakes checked out and my engine compartment steam cleaned.  I dropped my truck off at 6AM and it was all complete by 11:30.  I needed to have all my brakes replaced and they gave me a very good rate that I was very happy with.  And because of the brake work they threw in the oil change for cost and the cleaning for free.Great experience - I would highly recommend using this company.
5	I love this shop!  I received the recommendation to go hear from my grandmother.  I went to this shop to have my car looked at because it was not starting properly.  These guys were good.  They diagnosed the problem free of charge and then gave me a quote.  I came back a couple days later to have the work done and they honored the quoted price even though their own cost had changed. This shop has certified technicians that also care about providing a quality service.  The previous shop I had taken my car to did not tighten cap on the oil.  In addition to fixing the problem I came in for they filled the oil that had leaked, performed a very thorough inspection and even fixed my popped out bumper.  I would recommend this shop to anyone.  They give great service and they don't overcharge.  This will be my auto shop from here on out!
5	Great Shop!  There are no words to describe the feeling of being able to trust your mechanic.  Thanks to Bruce and the Knight Performance team we were able to divert costly unwarranted repairs.  Whoot!  and... save money on the work that actually needed to be done.  Very professional dialed in shop too.  Get your car checked!  Take it to Knight.  You will be happy you did.
5	It's always a roll of the dice when you try to find a new mechanic, much less after hours in a city that you don't live in. I did well though when Yelp directed me to Knight Performance.  They quickly diagnosed my car's problem, fixed it without delay as quick as a NASCAR pit crew, and recommended some great local places for follow up and new gear. I'm tempted to find an excuse to get back to Vegas just to have my car go through their complimentary 50-point inspection! Great experience - very highly recommended.
5	This place is literally a life saver and money saver. Period. I could only wish there were more people and places like these in our world!!!I was in Vegas for the weekend and when I was about to leave back home, which was at 6AM on a Sunday, my car overheated and I just did not know what was wrong! Luckily my friend found this place on Yelp and it was the only one opened so early! We called the number and Bruce picked up; even though he wasn't there due to other errands he said he'd meet up with us at the shop ASAP and soon enough he was there! He took a look at my car and recommended that I get a new thermostat, which he could get for super cheap. I wanted a second opinion so I went to the nearby Pep Boys and got their $40 inspection (Knight Performance Inspection = $0). Pep Boys told me that not only was my thermostat in need of fixing, but my radiator too! However, they gave me a really weird reason why and when I called back Bruce about it he said it he was skeptical as well. Here's the pricing and such of the two:Knight Performance Recommendation:Change Thermostat and 1 Hour Labor cost = $150Inspection = $0Pep Boys:Change Radiator, Thermostat and 5 1/2 Hour Labor cost = $670Inspection = $40Now I definitely chose Knight Performance and both Bruce and Mitch did a fantastic job about fixing my car and giving me the best prices EVER! They even found out my battery was bad so I was able to buy a new one for only $100 (I still saved over $400), still cheaper than buying it anywhere else! I learned so much from this experience as I really never knew anything about cars and it was awesome too because Bruce and Mitch allowed me to watch right next to them as they were fixing up my car.Knight Performance has definitely won me over and even though I don't live near there, if I or anyone else ever had any car problems go here first because you will definitely not regret it!! They actually WANT to HELP you out and not suck up your entire savings for parts or services. I honestly cannot thank them enough for all they did and if anyone ever wants to ask me about their service and what happened when I was there do not hesitate to message me.Thank you so much Knight Performance!P.S. I made it home safely and my car is still running nice and smoothly!
