4	It's definitely strange when I say that we need to call our electrician, but that's exactly what we do from time to time, and when we do, we call Roby.I don't remember just when we started using them.  I think it was when we installed our new heat pump, but I'm not positive about that.  Whenever it was, I'm glad, because now we just call them up and tell them whatever the project is and they put us on the list.The cool thing is that since we've been with them for a while, we actually have an account manager (I really have no idea if that's his title, but I can ask for him specifically, so that's how I think of him, and it's what he does), and I can talk to him about projects or bills or just general questions, which is really a nice feature.  It makes the whole electrical contractor mystery a lot easier to deal with.On the capability side, Roby is a spinoff from Andrew Roby, which is a general contractor, and apparently they were doing so much electrical work, they just split the company off to do the electrical work, so you know that they have the experience. From what I've seen, in all but the rarest circumstances, they are usually out within a day or so, which is great for me, and the work they do is top-notch.  We've been very happy with them.  The only downside is that they do command a good price, but then you get what you pay for, right?
3	I'm not entirely sure why, but of late, the response time from Roby has dropped drastically.  Or perhaps increased drastically (grammar was never my strong suit, so I don't know which is the correct term).  Whatever the case, it means that we usually don't get called back for quite some time, if at all.Once we do, and when someone arrives, then the work is generally stellar (and always has been), but getting someone to the house is the difficult part.  If we can't get someone here, then it defeats the purpose, right?Case in point: I am usually an easy-going guy, and most instances can live with a few days delay.  Maybe I shouldn't tell them that, however, as we have at least one request that is now going on a five WEEK wait.  That's a bit extreme, even for me.  It wouldn't be so bad if we would at least hear back and know that we're on the list somewhere.Maybe that means we have to start looking for a new electrician.
5	Maybe it's time to pull out those old Tom Petty records, because naturally he is correct when he told us that The Waiting is the hardest part.Not too long after I posted that last update, I received a call - a call, mind you, not an email or a letter, but a call! - from a manager a Roby to explain that they had some shake-ups in their management structure.  What that meant is that though they had tried to make sure all customers were aware, and that calling the old manager was a bad idea, there were probably some people who slipped through the cracks.  Guess who one of those might have been?  (That's my comment there at the end.)Anyway, after we talked a bit, and I explained that everything was actually working, and we just needed a few tweaks (light housings that could handle insulation were installed vs housings that could not, that sort of thing), we actually scheduled an appointment and the technician spent the better part of a day fixing things up to get us back on track.So not only are they checking up to make sure customers are happy by reading places like Yelp, but they followed up and corrected the problem, in a much shorter time than the initial issue, and now we're moving along again.  And I don't have to look for another electrician.  Sweet.
5	Had Roby Electric come out  to fix a few outlets I tried to repair myself.Roby called ahead of time just as stated they would. Arrived on time, very nice and clean! The work took about an hour and I am VERY pleased with the results! Even though one of my outlets did not work the next day, I called Roby and scheduled an appointment right away. No hassles at all! The guy came out promptly and fixed the outlet. No extra charges, only an apology and quick service. Very impressed! Highly recommend!
5	I had a panel moved and upgraded recently.  When the panel was moved I noticed the dryer wasn't working and that there were no arc fault breakers installed for the bedrooms (not a code requirement when moving a panel but I was hoping they would be in place).  Roby was super responsive.  They ordered the AFCI breakers (needed a special one) and said they would install them when they came in and they sent someone out the next day to take a look at the dryer.  It took a few iterations to find the problem but what was great about them is they actually made the effort to fix it instead of blowing me off, including sending out an appliance guy to look at the dryer. They also rigged me up a temporary power line from the old meter until Duke could trench the new power line.Everything is working great, looks great, super responsive, very courteous, prompt to call you back and come out to do the work.  Highly recommended!
5	I called Roby Electric because of an issue with a light fixture in my master bedroom.  The fan worked, but the light switch for the light part of the fixture (which previously worked) had what appeared to be either a bad dimmer switch or a short... Sandy took my information and made the appointment on Monday 10/13; Paul came by promptly at 8:20am on Friday 10/17... He found and solved the bedroom light issue AND fixed a bad switch in my guest bath in record time.Service was great, not too expensive (all done in a half hour for $99), clean, neat, and if I ever need electrical service again, I'll happily call Roby again!Thanks for the wonderful service, and the knowledgeable team!
