3	I thought this show was OK. I think there were a little too many disappearing from a box acts, made it kind of repetitive. Nathan Burton's show is better in my opinion. Dirk Arthur's has tigers though, if that's your interest. Worth checking out if you got nothing better to do during the afternoon.
1	One of the worst magic shows I've ever seen. Of course, what can you expect from an afternoon show? Maybe it was just my angle, but I swear I saw all the wires and the people "disappearing" walking in/out behind every trick. They need to work a little harder on the misdirection cause it didn't work for me.
3	Its really the first magic show I have experienced in this scale.  The show tickets were like $20 bucks so there was not much to lose. There were some pretty cool tricks but it did feel sometimes like Dirk Arthur stood a little too long waiting for an applause.  Cheaply priced show, had a few tigers, made a helicopter appear. I went to the 4pm show and the theater was half empty.  It isnt very big to begin with.  Overall ok show.  If you are on a budget definitely go watch it, woull get your money's worth.  Next time I will go to Vegas I will try Lance Burton's show or Rick Thomas though.
4	I don't get why this guy is getting bad reviews. The Liger alone made the show great. But besides the Liger he has the only magic show in Vegas right now with big cats in it. Yea he had a lot of tigers and lions disappear out of boxes. But for the price you can't complain. The kids will love this show just because of the animals. We had 5 adults in our group and everyone enjoyed the show. After the show he signs autographs and takes pictures which might be cool for lil kids. If your going to go see him check out the Tropicana for specials. Tix4tonight also has half off tix for his show.  Its great for families with kids. All the kids around us wouldn't freaken sit still or shut up but they were all enjoying it which is great. Its not as bad as everyone else is making it out to be.
3	this show would be awesome if not for the cheesy story line....   the tricks with the tigers and all of the big cats are insane!   not to mention, the theater is super small and you are close no matter where you sit!  not a bad gig.... worth watching Id say.
5	We saw this show a couple times when my husband's step-dad worked at The Trop.That said, it's a great show performed by a guy who really cares about his exotic pet co-stars. Part of the clever marketing is incorporating some clips featured in a DVD, which we bought and watched several times, thank you very much. The tricks using these huge cats is quite impressive and entertaining.Out of the three shows featuring these animals (white tigers, bengal tigers, spotted leopards, black panthers, and a rare liger), I like this the one the most (maybe because we get to see such a gorgeous array of animals).  Rick Thomas is a close second.  ( I liked Siegfried and Roy's show the least- I'm probably one of the few who didn't like it, but I stand my ground.) This is a family-friendly show that the kids will enjoy. The theater was nice and intimate- we got booth seats- sometimes you are seated with strangers.There's a "meet and greet" after the show. We got a free signed poster with purchase.
3	One of the better matinee values in vegas! White tigers...good magic...pretty girls...what more do you want in this town!??! Its the typical boxes and vanishes but he has a great act! enjoy!
