4	I went to Brad Garrett's Comedy Club last night.  This was the second time I've been to one of the shows since it opened about a month ago.  The club is several notches above other comedy clubs I've been to in town.Ambiance - I really like this showroom.  This was Rodney Dangerfield's room at the Trop.  The room is dark and it is a perfect size for a comedy club.  10 to 15 minutes before the show starts, a pianist plays and sings which is a great idea.  There is a bar at the back of the room, and cocktail service is available.  I like that the pianist plays a number or two between the two comedians.  This gives people a chance to go to the bar or bathroom and it really cuts down on the number of people who get up and leave during a performance.Comedy - I have been to several clubs in town, but as I said earlier, this is better than the others.  The two shows I saw, one featuring Bob Zany and last night's with Butch Bradley, show that the talent of the comedians is superior to that of the other clubs.  Perhaps it's because Garrett knows comedy and books top comedians.  Garrett is not in the show each night.  He makes appearances about once a month.Overall - I will be coming back to see more shows.  The room, the nice touches such as the pianist, and the first class comics makes this an easy choice.  Price - $39 for general admission, $59 for VIP tickets.  Adding taxes and service fees to these amounts will bring the total up by $3 or so dollars.
4	We spent an enjoyable evening at this "new" comedy club last night 7/30 . Both comedians were good, but the headliner, Butch Bradley was great. Loved his unique style. The former Comedy Stop has really been cleaned up.( I wanna know who cleaned the years of old nicotine off those old chandeliers???) Fresh, nice & new club decor and table rounds instead of the long skinny jammed in tables that used to be there. It is certainly the nicest comedy venue in town.  (They are really making big improvements to the entire Tropicana with a lighter and brighter feel which is nice cuz I thought the only answer for this old and dated Trop would be the obligatory Las Vegas implosion. ) They had a very talented pianist before the show and between comedians.......but I wasn't there to listen to music. I was there to laugh....and laugh we did!The only downside is the ticket prices. They really need to bring down the price to build a following.Their prices are higher than most of the comedy clubs in Vegas.  With the sparse attendance, maybe they will figure that out. Overall though this was a very fun evening and I will take out of town guests. Good job Brad!
2	Meh.The club itself is "pretty", but I don't particularly find "pretty" places to inspire levity. Beer selection? Don't know the full extent of it, but they didn't have Guinness, and everyone I saw was drinking garbage domestics. How a casino can't scrounge up a bottle of Guinness and stick a few in the cooler JUST IN CASE is totally beyond me. The choice of having a loungey, scatting, soul pianist as an opening act was simply bizarre. I don't know if he's a fixture, but it certainly started off the evening with a dull throbbing existential pain. He wasn't bad, but it was terrifically inappropriate. I'll take the grittier rooms at the Four Queens and the Riviera. This place just didn't do it for me. I won't go back.
4	I came back for another show, and the club is as good as before.  The comics are head and shoulders better than other comedy clubs I've been to.  Last night, the headliner was Mike Marino with an opening act by Jimmy Burns.  Both were very, very good!There were a couple of changes.  Bobby C. was at the piano again last night, but the piano interlude between comics has ended. Maybe it's to move the show along and get the people out earlier.  This time, they have gone to having a guest host.  This was the case the first time I came here, but not the second.  Now it's back.  Rob Sherwood, a local standup comedian, acts as host introducing the two comics and closing the show.  Service in the showroom is excellent.  I would have given the 5th star if they had maintained the excellent piano entertainment of Bobby C.  between comics.I bought my ticket last night to see Garrett in mid-September.  He has reduced his own price to the regular pricing rather than having a $20 higher price for his gigs.This is still THE comedy club in Las Vegas.
5	I think I give it 5 stars because of Brad Garrett.  And for some reason, I didn't have high expectations.  Boy was I wrong!My friends and I got free tickets from a guy that knows Brad and used to be Frank Sinatra's body guard (yeah he's got some great stories!)Anyways, 3 people opened for Brad: A women that is local in Las Vegas, a white guy that is a opener for Robin Williams and a black guy that we have seen on comedy central before.All 3 comedians crushed it!  Then Brad came out and absolutely KILLED it!  He was really funny.  He got the crowd into it by picking on them (in a good way)  He was hilarious and I would totally go and see him again.The setup of the Comedy Club is classic.  (Rodney Dangerfield used to perform there!)  You have your own tables and comfy chairs and waitresses serving you throughout the show.Since the guy we came with knew Brad, we got to go backstage and meet him.  He is seriously a really genuine nice person.  He did a short interview with the RJ and came over to our group.  We got like an extra 5 minute comedy show with him!  It was classic!  He took pictures with us (he really is 6'9"!) and was just all around great person.  Great club and great comedians!!
5	Best club in town
5	We saw Andrew Norelli with the headliner Kivi Rogers on Friday.  My expectations were low... My boyfriend checked out some YouTube clips of the performers and said they seemed pretty funny, but I figured that that this was just a semi-cheesy Vegas comedy club - and it would be "meh".  Boy was I wrong!  The comedians were great, I was really impressed.  If I realized the caliber of performers that this place had I would have checked it out years ago.  The acts did a fantastic job of feeding off the energy from the (too small) audience, and for much of the evening they had almost everyone laughing out loud.  The crowd was mighty thin, it filled maybe one-quarter of the room.  I don't know whether the meager audience is due to the economy, or more that the club is in the Tropicana, but even with $7.50 bud lights I'm sure to return.  I highly suggest locals take advantage of the club's presence, while it lasts!
4	What a great experience, if there's one "show" you should see in Vegas it is the one at Brad Garrett's Comedy Club (at the Tropicana).My girlfriend and I weren't planning on seeing any shows due to a lack of interest but when we got to our hotel we leafed through some of the magazines there and noticed that Brad Garrett was going to be in town playing at his Comedy Club and thought that it would probably be worthwhile.  Both of us attend the Comedy Club in Madison, WI fairly regularly and it is almost always a great experience so we figured a Vegas club would be even better.  Thus here is the basic process-There were two selections for tickets - VIP ($60 per person, first 5 rows), and Standard Seating ($40 per person, first come first serve).  After now having gone there I would opt for the Standard Seating despite the fact that we got VIP.  Whether you get VIP or not, you still will have to wait in line for a while and due to the heckling (which I'll get to in a minute) the VIP probably isn't worth it.  Our show started at 8pm, and I'd say if you get there at about 7-7:15pm you'll be guaranteed a good seat.  It's a typical comedy club layout, aka small tables and chairs and not a big theater where sitting a ways back would take you out of the experience.  So honestly, pocket the extra $20 per person and go Standard as you'll still have a great time and the VIP doesn't give you any benefits other than being close up.The seating is a little awkward, as they seriously have tried to jam way too many tables / chairs in to make as much money as possible.  My girlfriend and I had a pretty big gap between us and the host was not terribly accommodating.  The waitress that we had honestly could speak about 3-4 words of English, so once we ordered our beers from their limited menu we just stuck to what we had ordered because she wasn't understanding anything we said and she wasn't that prompt.  My girlfriend and I both had 3 beers over the course of the show, which I suppose is about average for the comedy clubs I've been to.  Come to think of it, if the waitress had been around more it probably would have been a bigger distraction so I'm glad we got the amount we did.But let me get onto the good part because really this is what you came to see; the Comedy Show itself. I've been to probably about 40-50 standup acts in my lifetime, and I have to say that this was hands down the funniest and best time that I have EVER had.  We were treated to four comics, and all of them were extremely hilarious, to the point where I was in tears at one point laughing.  I don't think there's been more classic lines uttered at any of the shows I've been to then this one, I really thought I was going to mess my pants during this show due to how much I was laughing.  The opening guy "Dietzch"?  looked like a bum on crack and acted accordingly, followed by two very solid comics who perfectly set the mood for Brad Garrett to come in and drop a complete comedy explosion on the audience.  The crowd was roaring throughout most of the set, and I'm sure almost everyone had a fantastic time.I say "almost" everyone because there is a big warning that needs to be put in this review.  Garrett's humor is an attack on stereotypes, and he heckles to an extreme.  If you can handle those two things and enjoy that, then you will for sure get every dollar's worth of your money.  He literally picks on just about every race, nationality, and microcosm of our society so trust me your flavor will be picked on.  The people in the first two rows were also brutally heckled, to the point where he called one man's wife a Hooker and went on a tirade to the point where the guy asked him to stop embarrassing her.  Part of me felt bad for him, but the other part of me was laughing hysterically so in the end I was just glad it wasn't my girlfriend he was talking about.  Speaking of which, we got very lucky because we were three rows back from dead-center stage and for some reason he bypassed us in the heckling.  Maybe we looked average enough to not give him ammunition :D.In the end though folks, it's all jokes and that's what Garrett tried to stress anytime someone got a little touchy over the humor.  And his extremeism is what makes the show an absolute riot and a delight to be a participant in.  This is easily the best standup comedy act I have ever witnessed, and you too should join that club.
4	i've been to a few comedy clubs in vegas and so far this is the nicest one i've visited. besides the atmosphere, fully stocked bar inside the venue, space, and cleanliness of the joint, they also bring in great talent. =) every week is a different line-up and of the three times i've been there, they have all been wonderful experiences. often enough the comedians are too dry, too sarcastic, or just plain dirty... brad garrett's comedy club does such a great job in bringing in comedians who cater to all walks of life. good humorous fun can be found there and it's always an even better show when the man himself is in town.
4	I have been here about 4 times now and so far my experience at this comedy club has been one of the best in Las Vegas.  3 out of 4 times we really enjoyed the show especially when Brad Garrett himself performed.  It's a must-see event when he's in town.  Well stocked bar, clean and in the newly remodeled Tropicana.
1	DH and I were in Vegas for our annual trek and decided to snag some tix because Garrett himself was appearing.  For some reason, I thought he would be funny. I have been to other comedy clubs in vegas, atlantic city, and pittsburgh and usually walk out tired from laughing so hard.this time - not at all.if you think Garrett making fun of stereotypes is humorous, maybe this is your kind of show. after the 15th gay joke about sex and why he could not accommodate that kind of sex physically (really how many times can you say "i can't ------, i got problems with the old dumper as it is" before it is not worth a laugh???) , he moved on to the asian women in the audience. then he moved on to the older folks and just decimated them before moving to the african-american in the audience who just happened to have a white date which gave him more jokes to make. there were no muslims in the audience so i think that part was just part of the regular routine. i don't know, i think i left the butt and boob and tiny penis and  oral sex humor back in college - and really it was maybe only funny once or twice.i suggest checking him out on you tube if you are at all unsure about his style of humor before buying your tix - i wish we had.....oh - just as a side note - when garrett came out for the third time, i decided to escape to the ladies room to avoid his third monologue only to find a couple having sex in the ladies room - sigh - i can't decide if all that butt talk got them hot or they were bored as well.....next time, i will stick to the comedy up the street ;)
4	Great place! We went here for a bachelorette party and had a blast. We had regular tickets but when we arrived with the bride dressed in her bachelorette gear we were upgraded to VIP seats. We sat front row center! The host was very nice. The woman who opened the show was a local comedian and she was hilarious. At that moment we realized why we were front row center- so she could rip apart the bride- awesome!! There were three other comics performing and they were all very very funny. We laughed the entire time. The drinks were good, not watered down. I have no clue how much they cost because we were all beyond a little tipsy! The club was very clean and classy looking. After the show was over the comedians were all in the lobby. We got to meet them all, talk with them, take pictures and get autographs. It made for a very fun night and I will be returning with my husband. We would also take visiting friends and family here. I will say that the tickets were a little pricey for the Tropicana, but I did feel like I got my moneys worth.
4	This is a quintessential comedy club. No particular frills, dramatically overpriced drinks and comedians on the comedian circuit. The people we saw were solid, but six drinks costing eighty bucks was a bit of a stretch. The place itself was redeemed by it's talent. Also we were upgraded to VIP for no apparent reason; this was very nice. Bonus star for the relative smallness of the place and 2 for 1 locals on Tuesday-Thursday. I had a good time.
5	I loved this Comedy Club! Great Experience. Can't wait to go back.
5	This was hysterical!!
3	This review is for Brad Garrett's performance, not his back up comics who perform in his absence when he is away.Brad Garrett was performing the night we saw the show so luckily I can review him personally based on his act as the show is afterall named after him.*This show is Brad Garrett's comedy club, key word "comedy club". With this show Brad is not always on the roster so if you are going to see him perform specifically then you best contact the box office and confirm. A lot of the time he is on a week or off two and has other odd ball comedians filling in. I just think is lame to have a show and comedy club named after you and half of the time not be the performer? It could be misleading to folks that have not seen the show or who are not aware. If I paid for a ticket to see a certain person and their stand in was there instead I may be upset! If you get offended easily then this is not the show for you. If you don't think you will enjoy racist, gay, your mama gave me oral type of jokes over and over and over again then please do not waste your time. I was not that impressed. I think Vinnie Favorito (see my review) is raunchy but a hell of a lot more funny than Brad Garrett in my opinion!
5	A group of 12 of us went to the club this past weekend.  We had a fantastic time.  The comics were great and very engaging! Drinks were priced similarly to other clubs. The club had a very intimate setting and comfortable! I would recommend this club to anyone looking for a great night of laughter while in Vegas. Happy Laughing!
5	This was one of the best comic performances that we've gotten to enjoy. Luckily, we were there on a night that Brad Garrett was there! He's only there about once a month, and I really wanted to see him! I was so disappointed that he wouldn't be there until I looked at the schedule, and I saw that he would be there right before our flight took off. What's missing your flight when you get to see Brad frickin' Garrett, right? So, we went. Get there early to get the best seats. If I had it to do over again, I'd get the VIP tickets, though I hate to spend money, because these are really worth it. You're right up close and you're part of the show---not true for most VIP seating in Vegas. Anyways, get there early... about an hour before showtime. The drinks are overpriced, and there is no food served here, so eat and drink beforehand. Brad Garrett was the host for the evening; when he's there, expect the regular hour and a half show to expand to two and a quarter hours. Even the other comedians there were great. Carla Rea happened to be there on our night, along with Drew Thomas. Bother were fantastic. The headliner, ironically, was the weakest act of the night, but that was okay because by that time, we laughed so hard it was hard not to pee anyways. Really great show for the price, especially compared to other shows in Vegas.
3	I went to Brad Garrett's COmedy Club with 2 of my co-workers on my last trip to Vegas.  Brad Garrett wasn't performing at our particular show, so I was kind of bummed about that.  However, the performance we had was great - espccially for the price.  My co-worker was able to get the local special of BOGO on tickets at the box office.The downside to this show was the price of drinks.  We got a glass of water and 2 Soda's in a plastic Dixie Cup and it was $16!!!..  I thought that was a bit much.  Also, they stated at the end of the show you could show your ticket stub at the Bar in the Casino to get BOGO of drinks.  However, they didn't even give us back our tickets when we checked in to be seated.Overall, its something good to do for the price ~ however, I'm sure it would have been better if we actually saw Brad Garrett.
4	Best comedy show in Las Vegas, the worst was at the Rio!  Their wine selection is terrible, in fact their entire drink selection is terrible and needs to match what the bar in the casino can provide.  This is the only reason I did not give them five stars.  If you are local ask for locals discount, I think it was buy one get one free.  You must show NV ID, my pilots license worked, does not need to be a DL.  Wayne Gorsek
5	The club was very nice, and the acts were funny.  We saw Michael Loftus, and he was hilarious.  I would say the tickets were definitely worth the price.
4	Terrific comedians. Brad Garrett was not there when we were, but the comedians on stage were hi-larious!   We loved the show and talked about the jokes all weekend in Vegas.  The second night we went to the Improv at Harrah's and it wasn't nearly as good.
5	Was there yesterday and was able to watch brad gerret and it was such an amazing show. All the comedians were excellent. Kathaline dumbar, Tommy mctuige, and Brad. Excellent place wad nice and did not smell like an ash tray
5	My guests and I had a fantastic time at Brad Garrett's Comedy Club.  First of all, the new and improved Tropicana is awesome, and the workers there greeted us upon entry and escorted us directly to the elevators leading up to the Comedy Club.  Everyone associated with the club was helpful and in a fun mood.  From the guy who took our tickets, to the waitresses serving us our drinks, we were taken care of and made to feel important!The environment of the room was very warm and cozy, and the way the club is designed, there really is no bad seat in the house!  When the comics took the stage, they were dynamite!  We definitely got a great ab workout that night!  We laughed until we cried, and were talking about some of the jokes we heard for days!I would definitely return to this club!  You are guaranteed a GREAT time!
2	Let me start by saying i love brad garrett. Since hes such a big name i was expecting a very nice place which this is not. First the club is hard to find its all the way in the back by the mob experience. second thing is its in like a conference room. Its really small, chairs were uncomfortable, tables were small. Service was good but drinks were very expensive. I have seen top acts at the bellagio and ceasars where drinks were not so expensive. The comedians were hit and miss. one was hilarious the other two were ok. Also was kinda expensive for such a small place. The name dragged me in the experience will not bring me back.
4	The comedy club is now in the basement of the MGM hotel/casino. We saw Brad Garrett and 3 other male comedians for less than $100 each. Drinks were reasonable price and waitresses were half naked. Brad Garrett looked like he just got out of bed and cracked a lot of jokes based on stereotypes (Philiippino, old people, Asian, Jewish) as well as "male issues" humor (divorce, dating). The other comedians were reasonable but the best one was the black dude who managed to be funny all the time without using the F**, S** or any other swear words, relied on a lot by Garrett. If you want a Vegas club experience, this might do the trick.
