5	We picked this place with the hopes of a good location for our spring training visit and access to some good golf.  This place proved to be a great value, great location, and a very comfortable well-run place to stay.  My wife and I shared a 900 Sq. Foot suite for $139 a night (internet rate in March).  Room included a king size bed, a living room, kitchen, bathroom with very good shower, two sinks etc, also a tv in each room.  Very comfortable, clean, and spacious.  The price also included breakfast each day which included a make your own waffle station, bagels, muffins, cereal, pastries, coffee, juices, fruit--very good, plenty of  it and they never ran out.  They also have 2 fitness rooms--one for cardio and one for weights--both small but plenty of equipment for a quick workout.  They also have bikes available, and a nice pool.  Location wise--we were 10-25 minutes away from everything we wanted--Scottsdale Stadium, great golf courses, and plenty of restaurants.  We will stay there again.  It is not a 5 star place in terms of luxury but I give it a 5 for what you get for the price.
1	I would never step foot in the place again - I would rather sleep in my car.  We picked the Pima Inn to stay as we were down for AZ bike week.  First of all they should have told us they were right across the street from Spring Training, that there was construction going on, and traffic was going to be horrible.  They made us wait until exactly 3 PM to check in, even though our room was ready..the free Internet did not work as the signal was so weak you could not log on, they promised a MC wash, which never materialized, they said they parking for MC's, which was some yellow tape and traffic cones they took from the street - and placed it in the middle of the street.  I had to run of the brat wanna be base ball players who were sitting in the hall in front of my room door.  Then I had to listen to the dog bar all night, in the sections labeled "NO PETS"..I could go on and on and on..horribly managed, worst resort, hotel experience I have ever had.
1	my best friend treated me to a 2 night stay here, we drove up from vegas. upon check in, there was a mix up in the room we thought we were getting. it wasnt really their fault on this one but they could have done something to try and make us happy. the manager michelle had an attitude of "not my problem, sorry"..but she obviously couldnt care less that we were unhappy upon check in. we were given excuses such as...we are fully booked, but they were not even close. it just went downhill from there. the tv didnt work and although they did offer to come up and fix it that night, we decided to address it in the morning. i said i would call in the morning to ask when i was dressed and ready for someone to come in the room. they showed up unannounced anyway. the air conditioner rattled all night and we both had trouble sleeping. i have a health issue and required an elevator and found the hotel to be very user unfriendly. the only one was at the other end of our floor. at one point my friend was on the patio and i came out to join her, shut the door behind me and it locked shut. we had to wait for a passer by to flag down and have them go to the office to send up help. when the guy came to let us in the first thing he says is what did you guys do?! you probably slammed the door, be careful next time, dont do that. i was shocked that a guest would be made to feel that way. we were asking various staff members where a good place to eat was or what was nearby fun to go do. we got no help here. one guy named lance actually threw up his arms and said dont ask me as he shook his head no saying he didnt know anywhere to suggest to eat. we were in our room and very tired (after not sleeping very well) and probably spent an hour looking for a place to eat nearby on my phone. we were told that we could taken by their hotel shuttle to anywhere in a 5 mile distance. we called well ahead of time to arrange for this service (lance again) so we could enjoy our last night in town. we were so excited to enjoy our last evening and really looked forward to not having to drive somewhere we really didnt know how to get to. upon coming down to the lobby, we were met outside by lance in a big rush saying oh, its going to be 5 min., i have to go fix a lock for a guest. we said that we had reservations and that the restaurant was going to be closing their kitchen in not too long. he said well, a guest is locked out so you have to wait. dont they have a fix it guy for issues like this? you would think. so while we sat outside on the bench the desk clerk comes out and informs us that lance just called and now it will be 15 min. we also didnt receive any type of remorse or apology for any of this by the way. we tried to wait but realized we were running out of time and ultimately had to end up driving to a place we didnt know how to get to and missed our reservations and took our cold food home. in the morning we felt that after all this we just felt we needed some type of compensation. we did get help on this from omar who was the only one who seemed to care that we were unhappy. the things i liked about pima were a pretty pool setting and jaquzzi . at night you can sit by their nice large fire pit in comfy seating. their breakfast was free and really quite nice. make your own omlete or waffle etc..but overall i have to say that the most important thing in a resort is to make your guest feel welcome and at least try to show you care about your guest being happy or not. they did not even come close to being concerned. i could not recommend this hotel for this reason.
