4	Amazing Wok is a small takeout Chinese food place in Dormont on West Liberty, you could literally "wok" by it without noticing it as I did a number of times! I always observed the same woman and younger girl to be working there, the woman is a little high strung but I never waited longer than a couple minutes. To be honest the only thing I ever ordered here was the vegetable fried rice, and to the best of my memory a small was $1.85 and a large was $3.25. This place may have the best fried rice I've ever had! The rice is always moist, with peas and carrots and generous chunks of egg in it. If you are catching the T up the street, catching a bus home on West Lib or just in the area, stop in here and see what all the fuss is about.
3	It was great to be able to get the fried rice made with brown rice, though an extra $3 seemed a little steep for the privilege.  The shrimp with mixed veggies was delicious and a big hit with my 18 month old and 3 year old.  The moo goo gai pan was disappointing, bland with too little chicken and far too many mushrooms.  Overall, this place was just ok.  The dishes were hit or miss.  I'd go back for the shrimp though.
1	Not impressed with my experience. The Hot and Sour soup was good, and the fried rice was okay. Also the portions were generous, but I'd rather have smaller portions of great food than a lot of crappy food. General Tsao's chicken had as much breading as meat and was not spicy, just had some peppers throw on top. The duck was the real disappointment. The veggies with it were okay but the duck tasted terrible. I love duck so I was very disappointed. I would not go back here. Ever.
1	We ordered from this place several times over the two months we have lived in Dormont and the food quality was pretty decent, nothing special but better than some other places in the area. However, a recent disappointment with their service has left me hating the place.There was once a time when the customer was always right. You don't sit on the phone and argue with the people that are paying you're bills.Anyways, the story goes like this. We ordered food for delivery and it arrived on time. The kid delivering the food did not greet us at the door, he just stood there like a plank of wood. We gave the guy a 3  dollar tip for driving less than 3 blocks and didn't even get a thank you, he just walked off without acknowledging us at all.Normally I'm not the type to complain to management, if I'm unhappy with the service I just won't go back but seeing as how I am currently unemployed along with many other people who have been hit by the economy and still gave the kid a tip, I was pretty miffed about his attitude so I called up and asked that they remove the tip.After some muffled talking in the background the lady came back to the phone and said she would remove it but that they had delivered to our apartment many times and never been given a tip. I called BS because we have only been here for about two months and only ordered from the place 3 times.I told her that it must have been the previous tenants but she did not believe me and never offered an apology for the delivery guy's behavior. I told her to keep the 3 bucks and hung up and I will never order from them again. News flash for all local businesses; When a customer calls up to politely complain about how poor the service was, don't try to argue with them just apologize and make the situation right, that's how you keep a customer.
5	Amazing is the right word.  Amazing customer service and amazing food.  the best is the Amazing Chicken.  Splurge and add the lo mein for a small fee, so worth it!
5	One of the few places I miss in Pittsburgh ! The portions are generous, the prices are right, and the service is outstanding ! My favorites were the General Tso's, the Amazing chicken and the orange chicken !  All are spicy, but not over the top, heat for heat's sake, but a flavorful heat ! Totally worth the trip to Dormont
5	Mmmm. LOoove me some Amazing Wok. The dumplings are supergood as is the General Tso's and egg drop soup, and they deliver to us! And fast too! Yummm-o. It may be our new Chinese go-to.
5	I am in love with this place! I have only gotten delivery, but every time they are timely and the food is piping hot!Recently, my BF and I have been watching our diets a little closer, and Amazing Wok still allows us to indulge in Chinese takeout without being unhealthy. What do I mean? I mean they have a diet menu. There is a section of different combinations (My favorite is the shrimp with mixed veggies) and then you can choose to either have it steamed with sauce on the side or have it stir fried in a lighter sauce! HEAVEN! We have ordered from this part of the menu several times and have never been disappointed.  You can also get brown rice, which is a big win in my book. I have splurged and enjoyed their steamed dumplings, egg rolls, and crab rangoon. All delicious.Customer service has been excellent every time I have called, and they always read my order back to ensure that they have everything right.  Can not sing enough praised of Amazing Wok! If you're in their delivery area definitely give them a try! :)
5	I challenge you to find me better tasting Chinese food in Pittsburgh that's portioned as generously and priced as reasonably.I've patronized this establishment on average about once a week for the last 2 years of living in the Brookline/Dormont area and I've only been disappointed once or twice, when "they" forgot my egg roll or I realized I neglected to mention I wanted my chicken with mixed vegetables steamed (so that second time was my fault).  Whether I do take-out or delivery, it's typically ready within 15 minutes or arrives at my door within 30 minutes.The only criticism I have is that sometimes the woman who runs the place might come across as a little "cold,"  but I perceive that as she's just really that busy and trying to be as efficient as possible.  She's not rude or anything, says "please" and "thank you" and whatnot, but she can make me feel sometimes like I'd better hurry up and tell her what I want, which really, I don't mind, but I can see might be an issue for some people who want to be doted on and get a full-blown customer service experience.  So keep in mind she's not there to kiss butt.  She's there to get you some amazing Chinese food.Seriously, do yourself a favor and go.PS-  Most of their food is served in recyclable containers, so they're environmentally conscientious-- wash 'em out & recycle!
5	Love this place. The woman who works here is such a sweetheart and accommodating. They have healthy options which are few and far between at most Chinese restaurants. Can't recommend them enough. Food tastes great!
5	This place is my go-to place for delivery Chinese. The woman who answers the phone is so friendly and I love how they have your address stored with your phone number. The food is absolutely delcious and it's the fastest delivery I have ever experienced. They give you so much food for a reasonable price, you can easily get two meals out of one dinner. I'm just so sad that they're not open on Sundays!
4	Everything I've had here has been great. I love that they have healthier options, like brown rice, no MSG sauce on the side and stir fry. Of course the regular not healthy options are yum too, and they deliver!
5	Delicious food, stellar price, speedy delivery, and the woman who answers the phones is perfect.
5	Reliably delicious and reasonably priced. Fast and friendly service as well. I've been there more times than I care to count and I can't say that I've had much to complain about.  Highlights for me are their Double Sautee'd pork and General Tso's Chicken. The wonton soup broth can sometimes be inconsistent depending on who's cooking that particular night.
4	For Chinese take-out this place is pretty good. I usually get the vegetable & tofu soup or beancurd home style. Both are satisfying and I eat there often.
1	Ordered Sesame chicken and it was way overcooked. Like it was sitting around and they recooked it. Half of the order was not edible and there was not very much meat on the pieces I did eat.
5	The food has always been really good here, never creepy like Chinese food can get.    Delivery is fast and reliable and the employees are really nice.
5	Favorite Chinese place around! Great prices, utmost quality food! Much better than Me Kong's which is right around the corner. Super fast delivery!
5	LOVE this place! Best quality Chinese in the area, and the workers are very friendly too! Their amazing chicken is the best. Like this place MUCH better than MeKong's, which is around the corner. We are always very pleased when we order from Amazing Wok
4	Amazing consistent food on your door step in 15 minutes or less. They have been the short schedule dinner saver on many occasions. It's not five-star food but it's pretty good
5	Great Chinese takeout when you get that craving. The fried rice and general tsos chicken are awesome!
