1	The other night I locked myself out of my apartment when I was moving in. My phone was at 12% battery life and I only had enough time to search locksmith and call the first number listed - America's Locksmith Services. The technician arrived within the hour and was able to let me into my apartment in 15 minutes. He did not have to take of the door knob. I paid the whopping $119 for his services. When I checked my phone after it had been charged some more I saw this. "Hey. This is Matt the locksmith. You're beautiful. Want to grab lunch or a drink sometime". I was uneasy for the next few weeks because the man who had broken into my house for me took my personal information the company provided to ask me on a date.When I came home the next time after his services, the lock that he had opened for me no longer work. He did not check to ensure my lock worked upon his departure.I called the company (The only line available - "General Inquiries")  to tell them about Matt texting me and they said their managers would not be in until Monday. I called Monday and the manager said that Matt would never call or contact me again. I said that the door was broken and the manager said that happens. I said that they should have checked before they left. I also said that I felt I should not pay for my services since their technician lifted my information. He said I knew I would have to pay for services and he would not cover it. He said I could have someone come to fix the door but would have to pay for that as well.I told him that I was uncomfortable with the technician taking my information from the company provided file because I am a female and live by myself but the manager simply said he needed to get Matt's side of the story and would call me back. I never heard back from the company.NEVER USE THIS COMPANY. They do not protect your information and they are severely overpriced.
1	BEWARE! They charged my cleaning lady $168 to unlock door that is inside my garage into the house. The website says $35 for simple unlock This lock is really a simple lock and,  I've had the whole house re-keyed before at $198.  They took advantage of her situations.  I called the manager and was first directed to a assistant manager who talks over you, in a  sweet yet very condescending tone.  I called back and spoke to manager named David. He seemed to want to look into this over charge and said he'd get back to me in one week, he did not. So, I called a week plus 3 days later and was directed to the same condescending assistant manager, David was out.  I will continue to follow up with David until he answers me.  But in the mean time, people BEWARE. They don't play fair.  Double beware if you do not have English as your first language!  They asked her for cash only so you have no credit card recourse to fix an over charge or complaint!
1	I called and asked for a mobile locksmith repair.  They told me that they did not do the particular service.  When I inquired further about why, they hung up on me.  Nice customer service.
