4	I admit there is something intriguing about this Sears.Yes, it's a Sears. And Sears has long been more of a Craftsman Tool and household appliance place more than a fashion place. There are registers and shopping carts where you walk in. I have been to other Sears stores and have seen the shopping carts there but pushing a shopping cart around Sears just seems a little....well...strange. But I guess if you're a mom with a kid the cart could add some well needed convenience.The clothing and fashion departments are limited to the basic Sears brands. The attire they carry are your basic everyday clothing needs. Nothing designer or flashy or 'glitzy'. You aren't going to find anything to wear to the Oscars here. But they do have some great clearance racks where you can find some great everyday clothing deals at some great prices. And in this economy who doesn't like a nice dependable clothing deal?There are the usual home appliance/bed and bath/electronics/hardware departments also. And once again they are your basic dependable Sears brands.But like I said there is something intriguing about this Sears. And the fact that it doesn't feel like a Sears store is part of the appeal. The fact that it used to be a Montgomery Wards helps. This is a one level store with one main aisle that makes a complete loop throughout the store.  No clothes dryers on the bottom floor with clothing on the upper level. So, if you're in the neighborhood and need to buy some work socks, a blender, and a hammer it should fit your needs perfectly.But if you need to buy some work socks, a blender, a hammer, and a floor length gown and tiara for your upcoming coronation, you may need to make an extra stop.It is what it is for a Sears store.....without coming off too Sears-ish.Make sense?
4	My family came to the Sear's Photo Studio and were amazed.  The photographer was very nice and patient.  She let us pick some of our poses too!  The photo package prices aren't too bad either.  We were able to take home a cd of all our photos and some collages as well.  If you are planning for some nice photos with the family this is the place to go.  They also have discounted prices....so be sure to ask!
5	Great place to buy appliances. Delivery was prompt and hauled old appliances away. Check for sales during holiday weekends.
3	Pleasantly surprised by the Mens' Dept. You dont shop here to impress people with labels or fine quality, but there's a reasonable selection of attractively priced, useful apparel. Lots of pants, like Dockers, on sale for about $20. Pretty nice polo shirts, made in Egypt or Jordan, for $18 - that retail for about 50. I used to always associate Sears with workboots and Dickies and strictly utilitarian stuff, but it's broader and a little nicer than that.
2	I think the tools are the only thing keeping this place in business.   The appliances are overpriced and the clothes are horrible...This place is the worse department store - just behind Kohls and Pennys..
4	This review is for the Sears Optical Center. *Tip: Sears Optical accepts most vision insurance and discount programs.*The customer service in the Optical Center is great if you need glasses at a great price. Crystal is the friendliest person behind the counter and so helpful when people are picking out glasses and trying to find a good deal. She helped several people while I was waiting for my husband to complete his eye exam and I was impressed by her cheerful attitude and professionalism. Dr. Tran is the independent optometrist at this Sears. Whereas most offices are closed on the weekends, Dr. Tran offers appointments on Saturdays which is great. Dr. Tran was personable, extremely knowledgeable, and took her time with the exam. Mary and Crystal are incredibly knowledgeable and helpful as well when it comes to selecting the perfect pair of glasses. The selection is somewhat limited at Sears, but they do offer some good brands and amazing deals. Current deal: 50% off one pair glasses or buy 2 pairs and receive 60% off the second pair (Sale effective through 1/7/14).
3	This place is never very busy, I LOVE THAT! And they have everything I need for my appliances and tool needs (when I'm not hanging out at that "other" tool store). I also love that they carry the piece for my refrigerator so I can change the water filter myself (it makes me feel handy and domestic). The customer service is helpful without being pushy.
