4	Wow.  Ok. so this is a 21 and over bar which was a problem because we brought our daughter.  However, you can eat from the 221 menu next door at the Irish restaurant/bar which is not 21 and over so we were able to try the food.  This may be my new favorite place.  They have three tapas plate columns, the first are meat (2 meet) and include 2 lamb, 2 meatballs, 2 chicken satay, 2 ribs or 2 sliders for just 6 dollars.  The seafood menu (2 see) is $7.00 each and is also 2 of everything (although we received 3 shrimp).  The final column is 1 Good Time which includes a cheese tray, meat tray, mussles, bruschetta, and a tortilla flatbread. These are $8.00 each and are larger portions.  There are also unique sandwiches such as a DLT (Duck Confit, bacon, lettuce and tomato with a blueberry mayo)We absolutely loved the cheese tray which included Blue Cheese, a sharp cheddar, and a cheese which tasted great but we could not identify.  It also included blueberries in syrup, crustini, grapes and strawberries.  The mussles were the largest we have ever seen and had a good flavor to them.  The shrimp and scallops were excellent and we were full from this small sampling.  They have happy hour and late night specials and serve dinner until 11.  You won't be disappointed if you go here or eat from the menu in the more casual irish bar.  This place is refreshing and surprisingly inexpensive for a restaurant located in the JW Marriot/Rampart Casino restaurant row.
3	I've been here a few times and always have had a good experience.  The flat bread pizzas and inspired me to re-create it at home.  The happy hour is a good deal with $5 creative martinis.  You can take the drinks across the hall to the sushi restaurant as well.  All-in-all a nice hotel bar.
2	I really enjoyed the IDEA of a wine bar in a place like this that's filled with kids and older locals playing the slots. A nice peaceful respite from the clamor of the casino. The interior of this place is really nice and the wine selection is pretty good . I had a great Pinot Noir. I do wish it was open for lunch, though. Actually, it's open hours are entirely the reason I didn't give it more stars. Three times this week while here for a convention, my friends and I have been run out at TEN PM. Really?!? One of these times, I watched the bartender turn away at least ten people between 9:45 and 10:00, telling them he was about to close. And this was on a FRIDAY night. So it doesn't even matter if they have paying customers, it seems.
2	Interesting...not necessarily in a good way. It's quieter - far from the hustle of the casino. The menu is the same as the Irish restaurant next door. I ordered the fish and chips and was underwhelmed. They have a good (cheap!) drinks menu - $5 wine, martinis and craft beer. I found an awesome beer here (Unibrew) for $5, which was pretty awesome. The bar tender was a bit hoity, telling me that I wouldn't like it. Listen buddy, just because I'm a woman doesn't mean that I don't know my beers well! Also, maybe it was because I was there on a Wednesday night around 10 PM, but the clients were also sort of weird...
4	Was in tonight 8/10/14 for happy hour from 5-7.  Had the 221 martini, otto skins, & chic cookie w/ice cream.  Was at the pool and had fish taco plate.  We had 1 toni, 2 glasses of wine, skins, & cooke.  Was $ 29.60 something.  The skins came w/5, the cookie w/ice cream is for 2 people.  Tini's were in regular glass.  I know some places will give you a smaller glass for happy hr.  All tin's are regular $ 10.00.  Bartendar was great.  Was welcoming and invited us back.  Very small, but cozy, comfy chairs, tables, and bar seats.  I'll go back.
4	Nice specialty cocktails! I like this place for happy hour. It's quiet which makes it a nice date place or to socialize. The crab cakes were good, menu is small but this is a place to just have a bite and a few drinks.
