5	It's about time the west side finally got a restaurant worth going to for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great staff, great food, great bar.  This place has a bright future for sure!!!!
3	Not too impressed with our first visit. The french dip was luke warm and the chicken was rubbery. Our server had a great attitude and good effort but unfortunately she had no training. Management needs to stay on top of this and get the cooks, servers and bartenders properly trained. The last restaurant in this spot failed for the same reason: lack of management. Restaurants can't run themselves.
1	I get that the restaurant is new, but I walked in at 7:28 AM for breakfast. Saw several customers seated and waiting for a server or food or something. Waited to be seated. Waited. Got a couple smiles from seated customers who were sharing my experience. Waited a bit more. Not an employee in sight. Walked out at 7:38.I'll probably give them another chance. But not this week.
3	So, my wife and I tried this spot. It was fairly busy, so we expected some service slowdown. We were pleasantly surprised that wasn't the case. The good: Our server. Man, he was moving. He did a really good job. We ordered the fried pickles and pulled pork sliders for the appetizers. We had the coroner, coronary, whatever the burger wit pastrami was. The fried pickles were the winner with the sliders. The bad: The burger was meh. The pastrami and pretzel roll were delicious, but the burger was dried out and my wife noted that it looked pre-made. If this is a burger spot, then they need to up their game a LOT. The ugly: Our table. First, I hate high tops, but it was all they had when I wanted to watch some football. That wasn't the point. The table seemed like it could tip over at any point in time as evidenced by the stacks of coasters underneath both sets of feet. At LEAST fix the tables. Aaaaand the food didn't sit well with me at all. It was suitable, but my wife and I commented that it wasn't going to be a spot that we were going to rush back to any time soon.
5	I have eaten here 4 times--2 lunches, 1 dinner and 1 breakfast.  I have had the pulled pork (excellent flavor), the AZ burger (wonderful with a touch of spice from the green chilis), the pork shanks  with marmalade sauce (out of this world) and huevos benedictos with chorizo and chipotile cream sauce (excellent with a nice back bite of spice).  The service has been great everytime.  I am so glad this place opened in Goodyear.
2	Came for lunch 10/17. Not busy at all yet been sitting for almost 10 min and not even greeted by a waiter/waitress.  Expect more from a new restaurant. Don't even care about the food at this point. With service this poor not likely to come back. The food was okay but nothing special.  The cole slaw  was the shredded cabbage mix that can be bought at a grocery store with a watered down bottled standard dressing.  Nothing that we need to have again
2	Good food and good happy hour menu and prices.  If you are a party of 5 or more you are gonna wait a very long time to be seated.  We also waited a long time for our food.
5	Had a great time last Thursday!  Very nice service & manager made a point of coming over and checking in. Great food - the ribs were wonderful!  Thank you.
3	We have eaten there twice. The first time for dinner - pastrami and a spicy chicken sandwich with fries. The beer was served in a 32 oz mason type jar - hubby was happy with size and price. They have happy hour everyday not just weekdays. This morning went for breakfast we didn't wait to be seated either time and our server came over within 5 mins. The staff was busy, but everyone seemed to be happy and willingly to help out. They were friendly. We had better service this morning over dinner seemed like maybe the family was there to help not sure. Everything seemed to be made there so we'll be back as they get settled in.
2	My Mom and I stopped in for lunch last week, maybe Tuesday or Wednesday, at a little before noon. We were seated right away, the restaurant wasn't busy.  Iced teas were served in average time.  I ordered the TAB (turkey, avocado, bacon) sandwich with sweet potato fries.  My Mom wanted to order the half sandwich/salad option.  She wanted the same TAB sandwich and one of their salad items, a strawberry something salad.  She was told that the only salad options were a garden or ceasar salad, so she opted for a garden salad.  It took easily 30 mins for the order to arrive.  In the meantime, the restaurant started to fill and it became obvious there were only two servers working the entire south side of the restaurant.  The order arrived and my mother's order was wrong.  She was given a full sandwich with a side salad which, once we got the bill, we realized the waitress got wrong and did a salad substitution instead of the other sandwich side options which added almost $2 to the bill.  Given that the waitress pointed out the half sandwich options, not sure why the order wasn't correct.  She was completely unavailable to straighten it out.  For a sandwich that is named with avocado sharing the spotlight with turkey and bacon, it isn't unthinkable to expect a few actual slices of avocado in there.  Both sandwiches had so little avocado, I had to take a pic and include it with the review.  The bread was average whole wheat bread.  A better quality of bread could have really upped that game.  One highlight was the battered sweet potato fries.   Would I try this restaurant again?  Probably not.  We're lunch diners and with Wildflower Bread Co down the street, their food is so much better.
5	My son and I go to Goodyear for his travel baseball team and play at the Red's Complex.  I know the Haymaker from Peoria and love it so I wanted to stop at Goodyear.  The food is very good and the staff is very friendly.   So much better than your typical chain.   This is also a great place to watch a sporting event.
4	Really delicious. Good tasted great and service was great as well. Decor is also really cute. Would definitely recommend.
5	Tried this place on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. The staff was very friendly. The place was pretty full but not so full that we had to wait for a table. Order the pulled pork sandwich and it was great. Food came out quick and the prices are the same as a comparable place. Will be returning.
5	Upon walking in the first think in noticed was the Pledge of Alliance proudly displayed on the wall. After being seated and having ordered from very polite, I took my time looking around and everywhere is some form of patriotic saying. I also saw a prayer on the wall. I felt the American Pride, American love, American respect. How was the food?  I had the standard eggs and hash browns. Good food nothing fantastic.   Will I come here again? If I'm in the west valley, Yes! Good service, good food, and love of country. One can't go wrong.
3	2nd time, still not impressed by the food and the service is very slow and inattentive.
4	This was our second trip here this time for breakfast. It is nice to go to a place where you can have a Bloody Mary or Greyhound with your Omelette. Service was pretty good, no issues there.Had a 2 egg AZ and a short stack and didn't eat dinner till 8 pm. Everything so far has been pretty good, will come back occasionally unless it changes for the worse.
3	It took over a half hour for the food to arrive and then three of the four plates were wrong and had to be sent back.  This didn't even warrant a visit to the table from the manager. _ Update: The management contacted me very quickly to make up for the experience we had and assure me that they will deal with the issues in training their staff.
4	The Haymaker has a Claim Jumper feel with reasonable portion sizes. The Baked Mac-N-Cheese alone will make you slap somebody and go ahead and pencil in a return trip to this place in your calendar. The Arizona Burger with a side of "Frings" : Onion Rings and French Fries mixed together for those of us who don't want to choose between our two most favorite side dishes... Was a great choice for my husband. My daughter and I shared the teriyaki tenderloin. Very good. Very tender!!!The great thing about the menu at this restaurant...there are no surprises. They list all of the ingredients on each item. If the burger doesn't show a tomato, you don't have to specify, "no tomato." How novel.Our party was too full to try the bread pudding. Not one person in our party of 8 had a bad food experience. We will have to come back to have dessert. All dessert menu items are $4. Good portions too. They have a full bar with a huge lineup of beer on tap. 103 types of whiskey to try. My favorite is they have coke products!!!! Yay for me!
3	Went to dinner last night.  My dinner came out wrong but it did taste good.  I got the sun-dried pasta with Shrimp.  Disappointed that there were only 4 shrimp in it. I had ordered the pasta with chicken.  I'd say that it's ok. The servers need a little training to not say the soup is "gross".
4	Had a great breakfast here last weekend. Hadnt been there before. Eggs Benedict was pretty good and my husband had the Haymaker Benedict,  wow what a great plate of food. He loved it! Service was great! Lots of tv's around for watchin Sunday football. Will definitely go back for lunch and dinner. Oh and FYI kids under 10 eat free on Wednesday with purchase of regular entree...
5	We've been here many times since they opened. Every time has been a good experience. We really like the atmosphere and the food is excellent. We have our favorites, but we like to try everything on the menu. We have had several servers and they treat us very well. The Manager is a bit full of himself. He knows we are regulars, but never gives us the attention he does the other people that have been there several times. That kind of bothers us, but now we just ignore him and enjoy our time there. We don't come to see him anyways! We come for the food! We like the happy hour much better then Applebees. Much better crowd of people and better food. One thing that makes us laugh is the amount of people that can't get over the fact that it is no longer Caballero Grill. I hear people asking if they can use their gift cards there. It's not the same restaurant or people! It's a much better restaurant, much better service, and better place all around.
3	Went there during the first week open. We were one of only two tables that I could see (there could have been more in another room, but I didn't see.) The service was horrible. It was happy hour and she never told us. We asked about it and she seemed like she was so confused. When a restaurant opens, the service will have bumps, but they over staff for that reason. The manager stood in one place the entire time, looking annoyed. I figured he might want to say hi to some tables and get feedback, but I guess not.I came in again the next week, the same manager was standing at the front desk yelling that his host needs to get back there because he is confused. While he was on the phone fumbling about the menu offerings. It was not busy. It was about 3:00 on a weekday. His name is Dan and from the two times I've witnessed his work ethic, I believe he will be the reason this place doesn't have a great staff or clientele.The food was great, even though it took too long. The waitress also had her family visiting towards the end and they were yelling and running around, so that didn't help.
4	This is our 2nd trip to The Haymaker since they opened this location. I've had burgers both times and have been very happy both times. My wife had the teriyaki steak bowl the first time and a burger the second time. She said both were very good. They have several specials through the week and they appear to be winners. The place is packed tonight. The atmosphere is a mix between sit down and sports bar. There are ample TV's for you to watch a game. The wait staff and hostess are very pleasant and helpful. This a place you should try. I'm sure we will be back to try other things on the menu.
2	The food was edible and could have been a lot better. Typical bowling alley French fries and a bland dry tasteless "cardiologist" burger. Has potential but there is nothing special. My main gripe with this place is the beer situation. Anytime I go somewhere and they actually have good craft beer in excited. This place has good beer. But no one there knows anything about it. There is no rotating tap list so you have to be in the bar or walk over there to see what's on tap, the server had no idea. Also you can't serve every beer in a mason jar.  I get that it goes with the theme but it's dumb.
5	This place is real cool. I hardly go out to eat but I stopped by after work one day since I work close by and was surprised. Good prices good food and the people that work there are all really nice ( yes even the feisty Kelsey). Quick refills and food brought out fast even when busy. The fish tacos are amazing, western burger is great. Great place to get some food, few drinks and watch the game. I will go back for sure.
2	Not great. Pretty bland. Food was cold. Hardly anyone here. I'd probably give it another try, but the prices were a bit high for so little flavor.
5	Awesome atmosphere, service and wait staff. Good was delicious, great variety, and was prepared quickly. Godly owner isn't afraid to decorate in American values and traditions-prayer AND Pledge of Allegiance on the wall, and an extremely generous 20% Military discount. God bless the owners and staff. We will be back every time we come through Phoenix!!
5	Such a great place and with a bartender like Jill, you are sure to have a great experience and night out! I've never been disappointed with any of the dinner food I've ordered. Breakfast is also amazing with lots of options and top it off with a mimosa for a great start to your day! I will definitely be a return customer.
1	Marginal to say the least!! Been to other Haymakers and was very satisfied. This on the other hand left me wanting for service and my food. This may be a new restaurant but when I opened restaurants, the employees didn't make false excuses for food not coming with the rest of the party. We admitted a mistake and tried to make my customer happy. Everyone was mostly through the meal when I received mine,when the waiter said " It takes a long time to make these". REALLY? Fish Tacos! Give me a break. I could have flown to Missouri, caught the Catfish and flown back while waiting. I won't be back.
5	Great restaurant! Good food, comfortable atmosphere and great beer on tap! Jill is the best bartender! She makes it worth the trip!
3	Food was good, pricing was reasonable, and our server's attitude was awesome. She was however, not very knowledgeable on the ingredients in the food. She talked us into getting the "double down " option on our already huge burger. She said it was double of all the meat on the burger, turns out we paid about $4 to just get an extra hamburger patty.... we expressed disappointment at the price, and while she apologized, nothing was taken off the bill.... I would recommend this place make sure their servers know the menu frontwards and back, so customers are not given wrong info.... otherwise, food was good and environment was fun.
4	Had the Arizona burger with grilled chicken. Definitely worth the $10 with the Cajun fries. My wife has a salad that seemed a bit "lacking", but the rest of the party had burgers and they were solid. Beer selection was really good and they had plenty of TVs for college football. Definitely an upgrade over the previous proprietor. Oh, fried pickles were really good as well.
4	Great new addition to the west valley and so far so good.  The food has been really good, nice sized portions and some different menu options.  Nice beer and whisky selection too!
5	So this is the 3rd time I've been here with my wife and it just don't get no better. Tonight I had the Chicken Fried Chicken, this is the best Gravy I have ever tasted. I'm totally not a fan of gravy but I have to admit this was the bomb!  Oh and by the way I'm not having dessert tonight cause I have some at home, but if I was it definitely would be their awesome bread pudding.Also just an FYI, Erin who has always been my server is the most awesome person who will be dearly missed as she is going back home to be a full time mom. I bet she is awesome at that too!
5	Nice atmosphere,  good service.  Fabulous buffalo chicken sandwich on Texas toast!  Hubby loved the fish and chips.
5	My new favorite spot!  BBQ is pretty tasty!  For food- we got the piggy platter & fried zucchini.  For drinks, we got a Georgia Peach and Apple Ale (cocktails)- EVERYTHING was great!!  Fast and friendly service.  All American country style restaurant on one side, bar on other. Also 20% off for military!  God bless this place!
5	Yep, I'm giving this place 5 Stars. I recently moved back to AZ, and this restaurant is near the office. Based on the Yelp reviews and it being within walking distance (if I wanted to walk) I drove over there to check it out.Right away, I liked the feel. I mean, it was welcoming and stylish while still being simple and "country," you know what I mean? I don't like fancy-shmancy places unless I'm out with my wife for some special occasion or something. Not for lunch, not by myself. But I'm not a fan of dives either. Haymaker's is just right. The service was spot-on. I never had to wait to order a drink or my food, or for a refill, at the same time she didn't come around bugging me every 2 minutes to ask how my food was while I had a mouthful of it.I had a burger and "frings," because I felt like some onion rings but not too much... perfect balance in my opinion. The burger was great, cooked to order and delicious. The prices aren't bad. I will make this part of my regular cycle of lunch stops, and one of these evenings I'll take my wife for dinner and see how that goes.
5	Hands down a 5. Not crowded, awesome decor and GREAT service. Very much appreciated the 20% military discount. Excellent food. My beer was served in a ball mason type jar. Happy hour is from 2pm - 7pm. First thing I saw was the pledge of allegiance on the wall when I walked in and thought damn right, this is America and I'm ordering a steak!
5	Simply a lovely experience.  Stopped in today around 3pm - out of my regular part of town, but was so impressed.  For being the middle of the day we all know sometimes service is not the best and the ball can get dropped, but not here.   Manager was obviously making sure all was going well and also visited the table to check on me.    Very impressed!   I had the Arizona burger.  Highly recommended.
5	I knew I was going to love it when I saw the blessing we used to say growing up in reclaimed wood on the wall, larger than life.  The waiter (from Louisiana) was awesome and our food was delicious.  We will be back and are so happy to welcome The Haymaker to the neighborhood!
1	Food not great, took forever to get food then it came out cold. Service is below average and then the waitress messed up on our tabs and it took over 30 mins to get it sorted out. Not a place to right home about!
4	Could not get into the Black Bear diner so we started looking around for a place to have breakfast before we started a trip.  Came across this place and it was not crowded, although the food is good enough for it to be crowded.  Have the breakfast sandwich. It was great.   The country potatoes are not that could, so stick with the hash browns.   Nice spot.  Will come again.
4	I really enjoyed the grilled pickles and the BLT Sandwich. I would avoid the fried green tomato (with my sandwich which had avocado it became mushy). We also had the chicken fried steak and chicken fried chicken which was very enjoyable. The chili was pretty good. Overall it was a good dining experience and we will be back again for sure.
4	My mom, my daughter, and I visited for lunch today, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  Alan, our waiter, was very attentive and helpful, customizing my daughter's grilled cheese so that it was to her liking.  My mom enjoyed her B.L.A.T, which includes avocado and a deep fried tomato, and I enjoyed my French Dip sandwich.  The food is a bit more pricey than I like to pay for lunch, but the service was great and it was near where we were shopping.  I would definitely return another time, maybe this time for dinner with my husband.
4	Awesome owners. They really care about their customers
