5	So, even though I've heard from Ms.Tonya P how awesome this place is, I had to check it out for myself. For research purposes, of course,...and to indulge in some vino!  I don't get to come to this part of South Charlotte very often, but when I do, I'm always enjoying the kitschy shops and restaurants. It is indeed the perfect location for the Wine Shop. Not only does the shop carry a bazillion bottles of really intriguing wines and sparkling vinos (organized by country/region), but it also has a lovely setup with a small menu. You can comfortably park it in the middle of this wine wonderland and enjoy wines by the glass and by the bottle, meat and cheese plates, varying crostinis, etc. It's small bites, guys, so don't expect to gorge. I fully savored an amazing glass of Black Slate, a medium bodied red with a super smooth finish. That's probably one of the coolest parts of the Wine Shop - the staff is super knowledgeable about the products they carry and how to consume them to their fullest. I know hubs and I will be back to spend a bit more time here - perusing, drinking and enjoying!
5	Great wine shop! Every wine at every price range you could want. Small tables and a small bar area for wine tasting and ordering off the small menu. Meat & cheese tray is a popular choice. Had a great Malbec on my recent visit and strolled through the isles of wine. Found the staff very informative and the selections all labeled for easy walking around. Great place to visit before dinner at Barringtons next door or a movie at Phillips Place. I'll be back soon!
5	I agree completely about the wonderful wine selection and you can buy a lovely glass from behind the bar to try before you buy.  But not nearly enough has been said about the food!I stopped by the first time to check it out with my mom who is from out of town but loves wine. We met the owner that day and learned about the store and restaurant. Since then, my husband and I have dined there twice. Each time the food was simply superb. These people really care about their food!  We ate at the bar the first night and were in the perfect position to see the various dishes come out of the kitchen  lots of lovely  fresh salads with mancheo cheese and some nuts in a slightly spicy glaze on top. We ordered one the second visit and cant wait to have it again. The dressing was so tasty too. I highly recommend the crispy chicken. It's served with a mushroom gravy over faro. I would order this every day if I could! The faro was something new for me and a cross between barley & rice. We decided it was a rather healthy comfort food full of flavor.  We also ordered a side of fries and they had some delicious herbs on them, were hot, and tasty!They do not seem to be in a hurry so it is a relaxed environment. You may need to flag them down to let them know you are ready to order or request your check, but they were great at keeping our water/wine glasses filled. I understand that the wines by the glass change frequently, so guess there will new things to try each time we return. Don't miss the doughnut dessert.
4	The Wine Shop is definitely worth a try. In addition to wonderful wines by the glass as well as a good selection of beer, their food is really very good. Our table had hanger steak, ravioli, greens, spinach and the truffle fries. Everything was well prepared and  good. My group was pleased. The wait staff of two was doing the best they could with a full house on a Saturday night. My one complaint is the kitchen's reluctance to make any alterations to their dishes (they would not substitute spinach for greens??) This is in a great location - go shopping at Southpark and then drive down Fairview a couple of miles and have a nice dinner. I plan to return for a glass of wine and appetizer at the bar or for a full meal sometime soon.
4	No more Falcor Syrah after 2005!  Now onto the important tidbits. The staff knows their wine or I should say the staff waiting on us knows their wine. For instance we selected a bottle of Falcor 2005 Syrah neither of us were familiar with this varietal of Falcor but knew they made an awesome Cabernet Franc. We asked the server his opinion and he gave us the thumbs up and told us it was a good selection. Now onto the details of what made this wine so special. He told us the 2005 Syrah was the last year Falcor planted Syrah grapes. He gave us the skinny on why Falcor chose to to stop making the Syrah varietal. Sadly enough syrah grapes are too expensive to grow in that region so they planted Cabernet grapes instead. Knowing this secret I may have to buy up the rest of the 2005 Falcor Syrah because it was pretty tasty.  No I am not a wino I just appreciate a nice smooth glass of wine on a weekly basis. Must keep the heart healthy! They charge a $5.00 corking fee for bottles of wine under $30.00 but to my surprise the fee was waived on a bottle I purchased that was less than thirty dollars one of the other times I came into the shop. I have not purchased just a glass there but I know they have a large selection of both wine and beers by the glass. Beer drinkers do not fret there are plenty of options Lagers, Porters, and English Ales Oh My! They even have my favorite pear cider.Next up is food. They have nightly specials and a decent selection of appetizers, salads and pasta. I asked the server where they purchased their pasta from well guess what folks it is homemade! Enough said for me. I was expecting to hear Pasta Provisions but I was wrong. They served a fish special the night we were there and discovered they get their fish from the NC Coast. Apparently they have a fisherman who supplies fish for them and several other restaurants in the Charlotte Area. My friend and I shared a cheese plate and and the Roasted Apple Salad. Both selections were tasty. I am always a fan of interesting salad concoctions. I am more and more impressed with this place each and every time I come and learn a little bit more about this place. An establishment attempting to support the local movement speaks a lot about what kind of business they run. Meaning it is not always about the bottom line. That's it for now folks!
4	A small but ample wine shop that kicks it up a notch with some very fine food pairings and a fine selection of wines and beers by the glass.  When it's wine time, these guys are most deserving of a visit.So like most boutique-size wines stores, this shop has a couple rooms where the walls and a couple middle aisles are lined with wine divided by region and (sometimes) by varietal.  The shop keepers have been in business for quite a while and know their stuff.  They, however, are low key and welcome customers just browsing thru the collections.  Need a special bottle or looking for a particular varietal?  Just ask- warm and friendly knowledge is amply available.But what sets the shop apart, in my opinion, is the small but gourmet menu of food offerings made and served in house.  In addition to a bar, there are 5-6 small tables available to seat small parties.  The menu includes expected cheese and crostini plates, but don't miss the smoked almonds or the house-made donuts.  The focus is on small plates, and there are sliders, small salads, and sometimes a few house-made pastas available.  Don't think full meal- rather, imagine opening a fine bottle of wine and finding a few small bites to pair with it to enhance the experience.  The chef took his time with the menu here- picking a few but very well-thought out selections that are savory and pair well with popular wine varietals.  I've had most of the menu and can vouch that there is not a poor selection to be made.  Servers are also well versed in the menu and available to help with pairings on request.You can choose a beer or wine from their "by the glass" selections which rotate from time to time.  Whites are served cold and reds just below room temp- as they should be.  But you can also browse through the store a bring a bottle of choice right back to your table for opening and imbibing.  Talk about immediate gratification!  This store is great for an after-work or after-shopping stop off to relax and refresh.  Great service, great selection, and you need not leave hungry.  This Wine Shop delivers on all fronts.
4	Wow, someone is doing something right here, that is for sure!  This is a bustling place and I was amazed at how crowded it got.  Great after work spot for those on this side of the town but also appears to be a popular place to just come in and grab light bites and great wine.Beer, don't forget the beer.  There are a few taps that probably rotate I assume but they also have a solid bottle reserve available.  The food was really good and the cheese plate was LARGE to say the least.
4	I thought for my 200th review I should do this about a UYE for moi at The Wine Shop. It was fabulous with Poprock serving me wine and food throughout the evening! The place is really busy so grab tables while you can and enjoy the people watching over a glass or bottle of wine and some small nibbles in their cozy space.I loved the cheese and charcuterie plates, yum! I also had a bit of Mr. W's flatbread and it tasted deliciously crunchy and cheesy but surprisingly also fairly light. The beer selection is not super great but there's tons and tons of wine and rightly so or they'd be failing at naming wouldn't they?Thanks to all the people who came out to throw me a going away bash, I'm going to come back and bother Tonya P. again next time I'm in Charlotte for sure!
2	Well, I looked over all of the other reviews and I am sad to say that I did not have the same great experience as others have posted. I really, really wanted to like this place. So much so that I tried 4x before finally giving up. The first time we were there everything was great. They suggested a great wine for us, food was tasty, all good. Unfortunately, it went downhill from there. On our second and third visits, service was lacking. There were long gaps of time when our server was MIA, and it took forever to get our check. The last time we stopped in just to buy a bottle. The store was completely empty except for a distributor. I really wanted some suggestions, but they never acknowledged me (not even a hello). I don't know if they treat regulars better, but I felt like everytime we asked for something we were putting them out. So I will continue my search for a wine shop in town.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The servers don't steer you wrong with suggesting the right wine and the food is incredible. The environment is classy but laid back and very lively in the evenings. I've never had a bad time at The Wine Shop.
5	Visited this past Saturday. Got there about 6 pm, fairly empty except for one other good sized group. By 7 pm there wasn't a table to be had. We come on Friday or Saturday because they usually have a seafood special or two. Menu isn't extensive, but it's very good.  The chef is a master of simplicity.  My personal favorite are the house sliders, yummy. New menu item includes pork cheeks over sweet potatoes, my wife liked them a lot. And you must get the fresh baked donuts for dessert. The portion is a lot for 2 people to finish. Of course they have a great wine selection with staff help you can find just about anything that suits your taste. Great, friendly, efficient and attentive staff like Kelly, Sam, Lisa and Winn. Give it a try you'll like it.
5	Arrived at 6 pm last night, 2 tables left, but not for long. Always graciously greeted by Kelly, Conrad and company.  Excellent, efficient, knowledgeable staff-always. Sorry to hear that Sam went on to bigger and better things, I think. Now for the real good stuff. Master chef comes through again with a flat bread special with NC shrimp-absolutely delicious. I hate to admit that I got the sliders again-so hard to resist. Paired perfectly with a $30 bottle of Orchis.You need to give the best wine bar and restaurant a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	I'll admit it - I'm dumb.  I'd heard about The Wine Shop, but I always thought it was just a store where you bought wine.  No judging!  We were having dinner at Barrington's around the corner, and for some reason, I decided to look at The Wine Shop's website to see if it was a place we could have a drink before dinner.  Could we ever!  Not only did they have some great wines, but they also had some fairly unique beers AND food.  Clearly, I've been living under a rock.I was amazed at how large the place was when we got there, and I immediately loved the atmosphere.  With all the wood and somewhat dim lighting, it felt like a classy, yet rustic, cabin/lodge.  (That's supposed to be a compliment.  Adjectives aren't my forte.)  The bar was large enough to seat 15ish people, and there were a ton of tables, not to mention walls and walls of wine bottles for purchase.  We didn't get any food, but it looked very inventive.  I was so intrigued by the Brussels sprouts and apples that now I'm kicking myself for not trying it.Some wine shops I've been to have felt clique-y or loud.  If there were regulars there, the servers acknowledged them, but we felt just as welcome as newbies.  I appreciated the classy, quiet yet vibrant feel, and I really appreciated the free wi-fi.  We'll definitely be back and probably for drinks AND dinner!
4	Its been a while since our last visit. Went there this past Friday at 6:30 pm and got the last high top table. The weekend starts early here. We were saddened to hear that Kelly the GM moved on to another position in Portland, OR, a really good guy.He'll be missed; at least Lisa is still there. Seafood special was a pink snapper over  stuffed cabbage roll of saffron rice, sausage, scallops, etc. My wife loved it and has anointed the Foxcroft chef-the best seafood chef in Charlotte. Simple is better, he never over does it and produces great results. I had the new menu item Beef Bourguignon with a potato gnocchi, a hearty and flavorful dish, the beef a bit chewy, but still good. Finished off with the wonderful donuts accompanied by a dark chocolate and a caramel sauce.  Thought we would be taken the some home, but alas there were none. A really good night complimented by a decent Albarino.
4	Always good food and wine here. Tonight we each had the green salad with beets. My wife added grilled NC shrimp (an $8 add on). Nicely prepared and flavored. I had the salad without any add ons, but I once again succumbed to the sliders; done perfectly.  We left with a smile on on faces.
4	Being a huge fan of The Wine Shop At Rivergate, I decided to try the The Wine Shop at Foxcroft. We started out with a great bottle of Rose, chilled perfectly. The only thing I disagree with is the fact they want to charge you a 10.00  corking  fee even you are eating in the restaurant. I think that should be waved if you dine in. We ordered a few of the appetizers. We asked for the Chartecurie  Board of Cheese and Meat for two, The Spinach Salad with Sweet Potato, pepitas and Cumin Dressing, and Truffle fries. The Spinach Salad was delicious, the sweet potatoes were warm and the dressing spot on! The Truffle Fries were perfect, crisp and light with the delicious truffle oil on them. The Meat and Cheese tray was lacking - the two pieces of cheese were so tiny Not enough for one , let alone two people. The meat choices were good - topped with a couple of random nuts and raisins. I would not recommend this but the other choices were wonderful . The waitress was very attentive and water was refilled a couple of times. Then for dessert we ordered the Donuts...Oh yes --the donuts were so good! Three Powdered Sugar ones and three Cinnamon Sugared ones. With tasty dipping sauces, one mocha and one caramel one. I could have done "shots" of the caramel sauce-tasted like the top of Creme Brulee! Heavenly!. Returning here will be a Yes for me..and the Donuts ..A double Yes!
4	My wife and I were here Friday night. Great snapper special from super chef Justin. His seafood specials always impress.  Regrettably, I once again got those yummy sliders, but also had a salad. Service is always prompt, attentive and efficient. We really like the service from our favorite, Lisa. Tonight we had a French sparkling rose by the glass that my wife really liked. I had a Malbec and a draft beer. Passed on the decadent donuts tonight.  Foxcroft is still on our favorites list.  Just wish they had WiFi.
4	Stopped in early Friday evening. One table left, ours. Snapper special included pork belly, cauliflower, fennel. Not a pork belly fan, but snapper was delicious. Also had the fettuccine, first time for this. Very flavorful. We shared  a salad and some wine by the glass. my wife's new favorite is the French sparking rose-took a bottle home. Another good night with chef Justin, Conrad and staff.
4	If you can remember which day(s) the kitchen is open, go! The food is delicious and, as some have already stated, get the donuts even if you're stuffed. There is a large variety of wines and craft beers available for purchase to go. The staff is very helpful if you're looking for suggestions or simply don't understand what something is on the menu. Beef, veggies, etc. are locally raised/grown. It's a great place for a small social gathering.
4	Arrived last night at 7:45 pm and the place was packed, no high boy tables were available.  We did manage one in the next ten minutes.  Disappointing that the menu has been cut back, the stuff that remains is till good; but choices are more limited now. The sliders remain-a very good thing, but not for your cardiologist. Donuts are still amazing. This is just a good place to chill and have some good wine at reasonable prices.
3	Stopped in this past Saturday. Had a bottle of sparkling rose ( a favorite) and a couple of glasses of wine. Things are different now-menu is smaller, seafood entrees are priced higher and the grilled pound cake dessert can't compare to the donuts.  Sliders were still good, speckled trout entree was pricey at $26 for a not too big portion. The shop was still very crowded and the servers are as friendly and efficient as ever, when they are not running around.  We liked the "old" Foxcroft better.P.S.- website menu is out of date.
3	This is such a cool, unique place.  I have bought wine here several times and we finally went for dinner.  Great hanger steak burger, fries and amazing wines by the glass.  We sat outside and it was beautiful.
4	The Wine Shop. A shop of wine? Who would have thought such a thing is even possible? Well, of course there are shops of wine - but in this case, it is so much more. If there is room - and that is a big if - you can grab a table and pull out a menu to order some snacks to go along with your wine.What you will have here to keep in mind is that the place is quite often packed. Not packed like a short line at the grocery store. Packed like sardines in a can. It can be difficult to get in, much less find a table, and that can severely affect the enjoyment, as enjoying a glass of wine and a plate of marginally expensive charcuterie standing in the middle of a crowded space is much less enjoyable than doing it sitting at a table.You can also find beer, but wine is certainly the focus.
4	Eric and his staff are wonderful from wine selection in the restaurant right down to researching wine and ordering for you if they can find it.  Even though Eric could not find the Penfold's I was looking for, he called me and suggested others that may compare.  The atmosphere and food are to die for.....order the truffle fries!
4	This was our last stop after an amazing dinner and then some fun jazz.  I wasn't ready to call it a night so we headed to enjoy some prosecco at the Wine Shop.  So glad we did!  We were just going to order a glass, but then decided the bottle was a more economical route.  Something to consider if you are having wine with others.  For example, a single glass of prosecco was $9, however a bottle cost $17 and for any bottle under $30, there is a $10 cork fee.  So, for $27 we had 6 glasses between us which is way better than $9/ea or $54.  We ordered the smoked nuts...OH MY!...so good!...and the portion was huge.  We've seen the donuts and have heard to try the truffle fries.  We will be back to try those things and more.  We may just become "regulars".  This is a wine shop with quite the selection of wines and bottled beers, if you need to grab and go.  However, I recommend sitting down and enjoying a beverage by the glass or have them cork a bottle.  They also had a decent selection of beers on tap, maybe 6 or 8 options.  The menu looked fantastic but we were their solely for the drinks.  I loved the look and feel of the place.  It always seems to have a crowd.Cheers!
5	Note: Five Stars is given based upon the Wine Shop, not necessarily the food service which is good but not 5 stars.Conrad (Owner) and Eric (Manager) are super people who really love wine, and they'll help you select wines based upon your palate and what you can afford. This store is no where near the size of Total Wine, but, in term of what limited selection they carry, they have a SUPERB selection! There are some super premium wines, like many Burgundy Grand Crus! I don't know anybody else in Charlotte that has the depth and selection of Burgundys like this shop does. OK so you got me.....I'm a PINOTFILE! LOL...What can I say.It's not all high end by any means. They have a wonderful selection of affordable but great quality wines. The rest of their staff is very knowledgeable as well, but not nearly as much as Conrad and Eric. And their wine bar is really a lot of fun as well. It's small so don't expect to hop in on a Fri or Sat evening and simply sit down. They have a simple bar menu but it's all pretty tasty.Overall this is a superb store with an incredible selection give the size of the store. There's something for everyone!
4	Came here with some friends after work to sit on the patio and share a few bottles of wine. This was a great place and excellent environment. Really broad range of wines to choose from and beers too. Hate the uncorking fee which seems a little exorbitant  on top of an already expensive bottle of wine...Also at the sliders which were decent. I would come here again. Also a good place to bring babies and dogs on the patio which is what our group did.
