4	I used them regularly when I lived in Pittsburgh, and now that I have left the area I realize how much they spoiled me.  It's rare to find a repair place with consistently great quality, reasonable prices, and pleasant service.   I only used them for minor repairs, but they seemed fully capable of major things as well.  I recommend them to anyone.
4	Solid shoe repair business without anything fancy. Good for a resole on those boots you love. Shoe repair seems to be a lost art in these parts and many parts for that matter. Guess people buy cheap shoes and toss em when their done? A good pair of shoes fits like a glove (of the foot) so why not fix them? Anyway I am glad that this place is around.
4	I brought my favorite pair of black ankle boots in for repair - they needed new heels, new soles, and some of the leather on the decorative buttons was coming off....basically I had worn them into the ground and they needed major TLC.  I also brought in my Uggs, covered in salt stains that had been sitting on them for months.Fast forward one week later - shoes are stainless (it took 3 shampoos, the guy told me!), but still have sort of a hard texture on the outside (my fault, for not pretreating them).  My leather boots have new heels and soles.  The leather buttons were the only part not fixed to my total satisfaction - they removed the leather and attempted to paint the (now silver) buttons with black shoe polish so they'd match the rest of the shoe in color, but the paint/polish started chipping off immediately and you can see the silver peeking through on all the buttons.  But perhaps that can't be helped - I'll try to paint those on my own and see what happens.$30 for both shoe repairs.  The work was high quality, done in a week, and service was perfectly fine and friendly.  Cash only.  I'm so glad this place is nearby, because I like to buy nice shoes (actually, I HAVE to - my feet are so teeny, the only place I can find shoes that fit is Nordstrom's), and it is totally worth it to pay a few bucks to get them fixed once every year or two!  Now they will last at least another season!
5	Shoe repair is a dying art, and I pray this place continues to practice!  They have saved many pairs of heels over the years for me on the cheap and FAST.  *Note* they are not open Sundays and Mondays.  I haven't been able to find their hours online, so I've posted a pic of their business card. CASH ONLY, too.
4	One of my tall black boots needed a new heel, so I brought them in on a Saturday morning.  Being the shoe repair novice, I honestly thought he just had to replace the one heel...but he had to replace both.  Obviously.  Good thing I brought the other shoe with me.He replaced the heels, cleaned up the salt stains, and had them ready for me the following Wednesday.  Cost was $22, which was reasonable.  I appreciated the quick turnaround.
5	I wore down the heel of my boots too far (I thought) but they made them look brand new! It was $ well spent!
5	I had 2 pairs of boots and a pair of heels repaired here. Everything cost $40 (2x heels on boots, fixed the front of one pair of boots, and new clasps on the heels). I have no idea if that is a good price or not, but everything looks good.
5	This place is great! Paid $25 (cash only) per pair of riding boots which included new heels, polish and shine. The real miracle was with one pair of black boots that were really beat up - the toe was really scratched up and torn. When I picked them up, they were pretty much good as new! Give your shoes another chance and consider getting your shoes repaired here before buying another pair.
5	Brought 2 pairs of badly beaten patent leather designer shoes for new soles.Too proud to walk in tennis shoes, my shoes really take a beating.  The poor Vivier had a massive hole in the sole. I paid $35 per pair for new soles (this time going for rubber) and heels and they look quite new.   Cash only. Quick turnaround too. In on Tuesday; ready for pickup on Thursday.
5	I am really impressed by this place! I took a pair of designer heels to be re-heeled, and they were ready to go in a few days. It cost $10, and the work is immaculate. My shoes looked shiny and new, and I have been wearing them for about a month, and they still look shiny and new!Highly recommend.Make sure to bring cash as they do not accept credit/debit cards.
