4	Love this little pet supply shop, and so does my dog! The people who work there are warm and friendly and always ready to answer your questions, as best they can. I very much appreciated that when they did not know the answer to a question I asked, they referred me to a vet in the area. They have the typical selection of good quality (but expensive) food, cute toys, treats, leashes, bowls, shampoos, and clothes for your little furry friends or feathered friends. It's a small place, so they don't have an over-abundance of different choices. But, it is a clean, well organized, welcoming place. They also have grooming services on certain days of the week (I believe Thursday and Saturday), but if all you need is a nail clipping, they'll do that for you any day for 5$. You could probably find most of what they have to offer at any other pet store, and maybe for a bit cheaper, but what keeps me coming back to this shop is the staff. I would rather pay a bit more for both me and my dog to be treated this well than a bit less to be ignored at a big chain store.
4	Cute pet shop! Apparently they are offer grooming services as well. My favorite item in the store was the doggy lady gaga costume! The owner and staff were nice as well, humored me a bit until they realized I wasn't going to buy anything. Sorry! but everything is cheaper in the States.
3	Charming pet store, or "pet boutique". Nice selection of accessories, ok selection of cat food and a little pricey. Wouldn't recommend it for buying food but would recommended for cute, trendy toys, sweaters, bowls etc.
4	Fun selection of toys and trendy accessories: coats, , collars, Sleepypods, leashes, etc. The staff was fairly friendly, albeit a bit too busy to help me as I was the only one there sans dog at that exact moment. I'd come back for sure as they have some items that I've only seen in the US, but this wouldn't be my first destination for dog food.
5	We were in town for the weekend and of course had to stop by a local pet shop for my puppy. I forgot to pack her a dress! Overall, the people who work there are nice and friendly. My puppy enjoyed the treats given to her as well as going home with applewood smoked bones as a keepsake. I would recommend going here if you're looking for specialty items or holistic food but, other than that the variety isn't too great.
