5	LOVE it here. This is the only bakery I know of where I can get cookies and cream Polvoron - Filipino cookie that crumbles and melts in your mouth.  YUMI have my Fiance hooked on these things .. I should have bought more ;)
5	Two words.MANGO CAKE!!!!Try it and you will know what I mean.
4	Fresh Lumpia, FTW!!!It rivaled that of my aunts...and THAT says alot as she made the most amazing lumpia ever.  I think that the sauce is one of the best parts about it...so this one was realllly good as it had just the right amount of garlic in it.  Very fresh ingredients, too!  Try it out!  I also brought back a ton of ensymada and mamon.  The mocha mamon is really good!  Wish they sold that in Chicago!  Next time I hit up Red Ribbion, I'm definitely gonna try out the empanadas!  Sad I missed out!
4	I only frequent Red Ribbon for their cakes. I love their cakes, especially the mango and choco mocha crunch flavor. Recently bought the choco mocha crunch for my mom's bday party and everyone that tasted it, asked for another slice.  The cake is moist and it isn't as sweet.  It's like biting a slice of heaven!
5	I love the siopao. Soft white bread. Delicious pork filling. I ordered a pack for a small discount and cooked these for lunch at work. 30 seconds in the microwave and a very very tasty lunch!
5	This is a review for their mango and ube cake. I don't know how I'll ever ... ever see cakes from Sams Club, Walmart, Albertsons etc.  the same way again. The first time I tried Red Ribbon cakes, I just melted. They've got a genuine taste to them that doesn't scream 'artificial ingredients!' like their more commercial counterparts. My father and I got my mom a mango cake for her birthday last month (it's $29 for an approximately 15x5 inch cake) and it was gone the next day.It was that good.
4	Most of there items are sent form California. They are hard by the time they get to you. Not my first choice for Filipino pastries/baked goods.
4	Good service, limited selection of pastries compared to Valerio's. Looks like they specialize in cakes.
5	I love me some chicken empanadas.  Those are about the only things i get from there.That's all i have to say about them!
4	I'm not here to settle the debate between Red ribbon vs Goldilocks, but I must say their ube roll is outstanding. Wish they have a bakery in Chicago!
3	I do love Red Ribbon.  I know the cakes are not fresh and are probably mass produced but they are still tasty.The brazo de mercedes is also delicious.  I believe they should have a wider selections of cakes my the slice.  I am a local but I bring family and friends in from out of town and they want to have a slice of cake, not a whole cake and then go back to the strip!Also, I know there is Jolibee and Chow King next door but the savory food offerings here are extremely lacking.  They do it better in Virginia Beach.
3	enjoyed their desserts.
3	Just like any franchise this place is well run and manage. Came here for the empanadas. Price is a bit high compared to other bakeries. Come here for the specialty pastries and cakes for a taste of home.
4	Delicious unique cakes and pastries at a reasonable price. It's fun to browse through all the different sweets to pick out what you want. I got a ube mamon (purple yam sponge cake), a mango bar, and a slice of banana bread. Each was $1, tasted very fresh, with great flavor. Too bad there isn't a Red Ribbon in AZ anymore!
5	Consistency...is when you go to any Red Ribbon location and you get the same quality and taste of food. Red Ribbon in Las Vegas, L.A. and Manila...they're all the same.I like the cakes here especially mango, sans rival, chocolate mousse, choco mocha crunch and crema de fruta. Their desserts aren't extremely sweet which is unusual for Filipino desserts. A lot of Filipinos are diabetics. They use real fruits and the cakes are soft. They have the best mango cake ever. Their mamon is super soft and buttery good. If you like mangoes but don't want cake, the mango bars are great. Chewy and sweet bars with mangoes. They also have banana slice, brazo de Mercedes, mocha roll, ensaymada, empanada, siopao (steamed pork buns) which are pretty good.  I'm not a fan of ube...but I heard from reliable sources that their ube cake is delicious. Their palabok (noodles with sauce, pork, fried garlic, sliced hardboiled eggs and green onions) is yummy.  And what Filipino doesn't like pan de sal (warm and soft bread rolls)?I'm sure there are so many new bakeries and cafes in Manila but for now, the best chain bakery that has reached this country/city is Red Ribbon. The other Filipino bakery is what my mom used to call "poor man's bakery".
3	I prefer Goldilocks more, but end up buying from here more often just because it's closer to my house and conveniently located inside Seafood City. I must say they do have the edge in their mango cake in comparison to Goldilocks. The cake and whipped topping is light while the mango is perfectly sweet, however all the other products I think are inferior to Goldilocks. In addition, the portion sizes here are more for like a family of 4 rather than Goldilocks which has bigger options. The bigger options are more ideal since these cakes and rolls are usually brought to Filipino parties. IMO even the ensaymada at Golidlocks is better because I prefer the texture of the pastry itself. Lastly Goldilocks puts together amazing children's cakes, I'm not to sure if Red Ribbon can compete with them there since they have significantly less displays. To add to all of this, better value at Golidlocks with better tasting cakes. If Goldilocks was in Seafood City they would probably do more business. Sorry Red Ribbon you're still the step child in my book.
4	Delicious Cakes and if you like empanadas, they actually serve Beef Empanadas. Clean environment. Love the MABON!
3	The mango cake was excellent, not too sweet, which was greatly appreciated and the cake was very fine. The weird thing was that I had called about two hours beforehand to reserve a cake and asked them to write "Happy birthday" on it. When I got there to pick up my cake, they finally decided to write happy birthday. This was slightly annoying because what if I had been in a rush?
5	I purchased a whole Sansrival cake, Mamon, and Brownies with Cashews. The brownies were mushy (like how I remembered it)...but the Sansrival? TO DIE FOR! Delicious!!! I want to go back!
5	I'm Filipino and I don't even like Halo-Halo, but theirs is so delicious!  The only reason I tried the Halo-Halo here was because my aunt was excited to order this for me on my trip to Vegas, I didn't have the nerve to tell her I don't like Halo-Halo... My husband, who also isn't a big Halo-Halo fan, really enjoyed Red Ribbon's version.
1	This place leave so bad business for people...  They say they close at 11 but dont want to sell ANYTHING after 10.... Don't understand how the manager or the owner let this happen..  Such a good cakes for a horrible service
4	Red Ribbon always gets it right! I bought a sheet of mango cake for my family and everyone loved it! It was delicious. The cake isnt cloyingly sweet. The filling/icing holds up to the moist cake and its perfect with tea or coffee.Try their butter mamon, mango bar and chicken empanadas. Its all yummy! You wont be disappointed.
1	This is the worst place to go for Halo Halo and empanadas. They have also have horrible service.
1	Horrible service! I ordered $145 worth of pastries and they overcharged me with sansrival that I never ordered. I called them to have them remove the charge, and the supervisor said, they can't refund the charge! Worst guest service ever!
4	Came here for some Ube sweets.  We found what we were looking for without any issued.  Excellent texture, taste and moisture level.  I will be back here for more.
4	Thank God I live a block away from here. So convenient and reliable. The palabok is excellent as their noodles are firm and not soggy. The cakes are light and airy and make great gifts to people not familiar with new flavors like ube and mangos. Hope they expand their menu, so we can have more variety
5	If you love caramel and coffee, the coffee crunch is the best for you! A whole cake ranges from $15-20 no tax. They also have real food.
5	Oh my gosh -- why is there not a Red Ribbon near us? Why? We were on vacation in Vegas, and this was one of my first stops. Ordered a slice of sans rival. SOOO good! On a couple of other visits we ordered ube mamon (yum), palabok (was okay, but I'm not usually a fan of palabok), and empanadas. I prefer the chicken, but my hubby said he likes the beef better. Don't ignore the sign by the cashier of their different value meals. It's a pretty good deal. I believe it's palabok, plus a slice of cake, plus a drink for 6.99. Or if you want a smaller portion of palanbok, then you also get an empanada with the cake and drink for the same price. Not bad at all!!
