5	Brendan McCarthy, ND, LAc was my acupuncturist before he graduated from SCNM, and now he's my husband's doctor as well.  He's phenomenally friendly and super cool.  He'll take an extraordinary amount of time researching your case, answering your questions, and making you feel better.  He does acupuncture, herbs, hormone balancing, environmental medicine, physical medicine and a ton of IVs for any disease process you may have going on.I'm currently doing a rotation here and have had the opportunity to see   Dr. McCarthy work with a variety of patients.  They all love him.  Today one of them even said "He's so great because he makes me feel as if I'm the only patient." He also has a colon hydrotherapist here doing colonics and Garrett Wdowin, ND just joined the practice as well.And, he's really good with fitting people into his schedule.  No waiting for weeks for an appointment here.
5	I had a great experience with my visit here. I was using a groupon and sometimes I get nervous that the place I go with a groupon will be rude but the staff and doctor were all very warm and welcoming.  I was getting botox in my two top lines on my forehead it was my first time and he put me at ease very quickly.The doctor was very aware of the lines on my face and told me what products would be best for me as well as gave awesome nutritional advice that I was not expecting at all.  It was great to see a doctor that new what he was talking about.  The clinic was small, clean, and cozy.  I intend on going for a second visit in a few months, even if it means I drive over an hour to get there.
1	I lost 4 pounds of muscle and the "doctor" took me off the program in 4 days.  This company does not know what they are doing with HCG.  I told them up front that I was going to the gym doing intense workouts, and they still put me on the program.  They offered me a partial refund, but I believe they should have been refunded in full.
5	Dr. McCarthy is one of the best physicians I have ever had the privilege of meeting, being a patient of and working with.  I have never felt better then I feel now and Dr. McCarthy is the reason.  His knowledge, experience and wiliness to listen is commendable.  I refer patients to him all the time and they all come back to report that he is awesome.  This is an excellent staff and Doctor.Jana B.
5	I have been treated for hypothyroid for about 17 years. I have stated through most of these that I always felt under cared-for by the physicians that treated me. Even though I would sit there in front of them, heavily burdened with uncomfortable, chronic AND acute symptoms, rarely would any of these treating physicians look up from my "normal" labs to treat the human being sitting right there in front of them. Never did any of them suggest additional testing to find out why I wasn't feeling 100%. If I asked questions, I was easily dismissed, just to continue half-assed treatment...or maybe even referred to another half-assed physician who would do no better.THEN I was referred to Protea by not one, but two, different people. At my first opportunity, I called to make an appointment to see if I could finally find someone that would help me get to the bottom of my imbalances. My experience was nothing but awesome from that very first phone call. They answered my questions regarding billing, cost of services, etc, without making me feel rushed. They scheduled me with Dr. Whaley and she was also an absolute delight! I actually felt "heard" for the first time in my life!Dr. Whaley was eager to do thorough testing to get a completely accurate picture of what is really going on with me. She answered all my questions, even the ones I didn't think to ask. She was incredibly informative, compassionate, and willing to work WITH me as a part of my healing team. She drew some conclusions about what might be going on and encouraged me to do research and contact her directly with any further questions. When my labs came back, she went through line by line, helping me understand all the good and no-so-good levels. As it turns out, her suspicions were accurate and now I am well on my way to recovering from decades of feeling like dog shit!I look forward to bringing certain members of my family in to begin their road to recovery, as well. Thank you, Dr. Whaley, for taking as much time as was needed to make me feel comfortable and supported! Thank you, Dr. McCarthy, for bringing her onto your team!
2	I've gone to Protea for the last 4 years and it pains me to have to say it's time to part ways. Without going into to much detail I feel like I've been more than patient with this group and their lack of organization and professionalism, to some degree. While Dr. McCarthy is a brilliant man and a master of his craft, his staff and organization as a business are and have always been shaky. But you take the good with the bad. I always felt Dr. McCarthy cared so I put up with these antics while my wife and other people I referred there could not. I understand Dr. McCarthy's chronic tardiness to our to appointments because who has been to a doctor that is on time? He's no different.Here's the issue:Getting lab results and scheduling an appointment are next to impossible. I switched up my medication and honestly had no idea what to do with it or how to use it, wrong dosage, price etc... Left town and found out 1500 miles away. His staff once again making careless mistakes. I needed an RX filled last week so I faxed it in by instruction of his staff. 1 week has gone by and still no returned call or acknowledgement the fax was even received. I guess the medication that I need wasn't that important. I got it filled at Avella in 2 hours for a fraction of the price (insurance covered it). Dr. McCarthy: please stop falling on the sword of your staff. They are extremely careless and disorganized. It's scary as a patient to be misinformed. I can't tell you how many times I've had to keep track of mistakes your staff has made and correct the dosage, as well as catching financial mistakes.Sorry man, it was great to know you. I wish you the best, you're a brilliant man. Your organization and staff will be your Achilles heel. However, they are a direct reflection of you and your leadership. Take care, and good luck as you expand your business.
