3	Standard Issue Chinese Buffet. But it's perfect for when you are jonesing for your Standard Issue Chinese Buffet. They also have Sushi (looks very utilitarian) It's all very tasty but has no finesse what so ever. But then, at lunch time we mostly look for some good stomach stuffing chow and this fits the bill. The Gen. Tao is pretty crunchy and the tiny spring rolls I could eat till I puke. There's nothing more to say. Quick feeding station, decent food. Place is PACKED at lunch hour on weekdays.
4	I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur of Chinese buffet (a prestigious title to be sure) and I have the say I was pretty impressed with this one. Food was fresh not soggy as is the case in many buffets. The variety of the foods offered was really pretty good. Normally I find one or two entrees that I am interested in, but this place easily had four or five. The hot and sour soup (which is one of my gauges for how much I like a Chinese place, buffet or otherwise) was very good. My server was also very attentive. I would definitely recommend this place as a good place to grab some grub on the quick.
3	It's not so obvious to find a place for a proper meal in less than an hour downtown montreal before a concert at night! We did some walking on the weekend to identify which places could fit the bill and double-checked on Yelp to confirm and eliminate some options. This place did came as our selected choice being less than two blocks from the Bell Centre (where The Who were playing) and being a buffet, we can time our service ourselves. There were 4 of us and we arrived gradually over a 20 minutes period but the buffet concept did enable us all to eat at our pace.With a good selection of soup, appetizers (including some sushi), entrees and desert, it was exactly what we wanted. All in all a good choice for those kind of situations!
1	I was here last week because I had a craving for Chinese food and I was passing by...never again, or only in case of dire need. All of the chicken dishes had a suspicious soapy taste (due to decomposing proteins, according to culinary website), the ribs were over-cooked, the spring rolls were OK and the fried ricetoo, but there were very few meat or poultry dishes that were edible. The customer service was good and the servers were cordial and polite, but the quality of the food was rather crappy
1	Horrible. Overcooked reheated buffet items in sticky congealed sauces, pedestrian offerings, flat and exploitative of the lunchtime crowd. The attempt at a sushi bar was miserable. The kitchen should tick to stir fry.Go elsewhere, avoid this dive at all costs. Not even worth an attempt to make this review funny.
