1	Probably the most horrible hot dog and fries I have ever bought in my life. Gross
3	Was in a rush to get to my gate, then discovered my flight was delayed a 1/2 hour.  Since I was starving, I decided to grab a quick bite at Nathans before my flight.I decided to get 2 Hot Dogs, $5.98.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=_JjLNM3ygygx7PeI83b74ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=SCB50-WT-wbnEbUppmr1oQThey had a nice *snap* to them....just the way I like it.  It's Nathan's, which is normally very good....but for some reason, the airport locations aren't as good.  This one was just average....but it did the job and I was no longer hungry.Return Factor - 60%
2	Not even as good as the hot dogs at IKEA, which are 50 cents.
3	I ordered a chili dog only to realize later that the chili has whole beans in it. I should've asked first what kind of chili it was. I don't mind beans but ground up or crushed would've been better than whole. I had two dogs, both with chili, but even with the beans they were still okay. Tasty but no spiciness whatsoever.  The hot dog itself was good - just a little chewy, the way it should be.
2	I had an hour and a half layover in AZ and was starving so decided to try Nathan's. Unfortunately it was just "food" to fill my stomach and nothing special...I ordered the chili dog that was around $3- it definitely tasted like 711 quality, nothing tasty or worth coming back for.The airport has alot of other places I'd rather try if I came back.
1	This turned out to be one of the ONLY places OPEN for breakfast when we were here at the airport as we did search for a better option but turned out almost nothing .We we stood to order and a worker stayed there scrubbing the fryer and we waited and waited then a cook came out sipping coffee and said "someone will be with us shortly" after a few minutes more people were pile-ling up in line and the person scrubbing the fryer decided on taking orders . We ordered the breakfast egg muffin sandwiches with the hash-browns and they were tossed to us from a drawer below the counter almost warm in foil and we were told they would make some hash-browns soon . I did see hot dogs spinning be thought they might be from last night but as it turned out I fear the breakfast sandwich might have been older . I took a bite and even after adding ketchup salt and pepper THIS WAS NOT EDIBLE . The muffin was uncooked without nooks or crannies and sort of had a solid cardboard taste (YUK!) I don't have a clue on how to make an inedible egg the way they did it because it was far worst than any frozen or microwaved egg , not only was it UNFIT for HUMAN consumption I also would NEVER feed my DOG something this NASTY . The egg (?egg) was thick and solid and might have been mixed with something unknown or was maybe just so old I just don't know , or a combination of both , I couldn't sample more to figure it out . THE CHEESE (NOT CHEESE) was thick ORANGE something between WAX , PASTE , RUBBER and Slime so these sandwiches WENT IN THE TRASH FAST!The hash-browns were edible they turned out to be chopped up french fries ate a few forks full .I KNOW THIS ISN'T THE RITZ -BUT THIS WAS THE PITSAs far as I am concerned they stole $15 from us .
1	Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!
2	Seriously, why did I not read the reviews on this place?  It would have saved me heart ache. Layover at the airport; 1 and only time visit. Ever.Reasons to go:1) Sheer eating option default: Fox Sports bar, Cinnabon, Pizza Hut, news stand that sells snacks, & a California Pizza knockoff at a kiosk near the restrooms.2) No lines. There's a reason.Reasons to avoid:1) The food wasn't bad, but I paid $9.26 for a hot dog, carton of bloated wrinkle fries and a bottle of water. The value was terrible.2) Nathan's name smeared for life w/ me. Never had a Nathan's hot dog before but heard friends swear by them. Going in to this experience I was expecting a treat, not a value ambush. Food wasn't bad but it was no where close to good.
2	Have again: the Philly sandwich was actually not bad because the bun was delicious and the meat/onions was good.Not have again: the bacon/cheese fries were marred because of the cheese, which of course is not really cheese. Service was not very good since I had to remind them that they still needed to give me the fries twice.
1	I had never eaten at Nathan's before and I was really in the mood for a hot dog. Plus, like everyone else says there's not much of a choice when you've reached this stage in the race to your gate. My husband, son, and myself all ordered chili dogs, fries, and a drink. That tallied out to about $26 dollars give or take which is outrageous but not totally unexpected for airport food. After I got the bill and my stroke we sat down and tried to eat this swill. Which is exactly what it is! The cheese for the hot dogs is nacho cheese, is that normal? Is that something that's done in life? Anyway, and the crinkle fries were greasy and totally tasteless. There was nothing at all redeeming about this place. I always try to avoid eating at the airport but if'n I have to it will never be at Nathans Famous Hotdogs. One last thing, who in the heck serves chili dogs but doesn't offer a place to sit?
3	Nathan's was interesting to say the least.  I've never been to this brand before and wass only at this one due to taking my daughter to the airport.  The staff didn't listen very well and we ended up with more fries that we needed.  I can say the bacon cheese fries were good,but what isn't with bacon and cheese.
2	the philly cheesesteak was a lot better than i expected it to be in a place like this
3	How can you really write a review about hotdogs? They're HOTDOGS! I guess the only difference would be the "dressings" they put on it. I'm sorry but I prefer my hotdog plain thank you. Not even ketchup or mustard or pickle relish. This is precisely why I love the hotdogs at Costco food court. If I really am feeling adventurous, I will make mine with mayonnaise or chili but that's about it. So this three stars rating of Nathan ' s probably would not have some weight as I did order my two hotdogs plain. They are neither better nor worse than the Ballpark Franks I grill at home so nothing to write home about really. BUT if you're every the type who loves all the dressings with their hotdogs, then definitely visit Nathan's because they have a whole menu of "fancy" dogs. The fries though I did like. They are meaty with very crispy outer "shell."Whenever I'm in town waiting for my connecting flight and have a hankering for hotdogs, I'll definitely stop by. In the meantime, I'll either make my way to the nearest Costco or grill my own.
