5	Love this place!  This is a new location so we weren't sure how good the service and food would be. Turned out to be just as good as the others. No more driving to the Flamongo location for us. Food was great and the service is prompt and friendly!  Food is delicious!  Love the breakfast burritos!!  Recommend the Sunrise Mountain too!
5	This is great place for kids. ! The banana muffin is wonderful . Amanda is very nice an provided great service. The breakfast burrito is awesome! They fresh fruit is excellent ! Have Amanda as your wait staff wonderful lady!!!!
5	California crepe is a filing breakfast, that comes with delicious potatoes and your choice of side. It does have quite a lot of cheese which I'm not a fan of, next time I'm going to minus the cheese. Service is on point, like the egg flipping sign concept.
5	Food was very good! Great breakfast variety and lunch options as well. Love the dog friendly patio! Amanda was a great waitress! Very friendly :) I will definitely be coming back.
5	The food is always fantastic.  Today I had the banana bread french toast, so good. But my all time favorite is the prime rib benny.
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal. Egg Works is my place of choice to enjoy this. Love the service and great energy the staff has at this location. Our favorite server Amanda makes for a more enjoyable experience at a already great restaurant.
5	Best breakfast place and conveniently located near home!I love breakfast food, hate mornings, so I always end up enjoying it at night. Today was different since I actually woke up early enough on my day off to enjoy some eggs and coffee!!! My beau and I ordered: - spinach Benny - corned beef hash- coffee - banana nut muffinThe spinach Benny is two poached eggs on top of Canadian bacon, spinach, and old English muffins covered in hollandaise sauce with a side of country potatoes. This was super tasty and the hollandaise was perfect and not too salty. The country potatoes were also deliciously golden crispy and perfectly seasoned. Mmm...Corned beef hash was served with a side of potatoes as well, but my beau ordered a side of rice to mix the hash with. It makes a great combo. The hash was good, I just wish there was more meat!!! The banana nut muffins are always popular here, so it's no exception for me!! They're always nicely warm and sweet and perfect when you spread some butter on it. Gives it a nice balance of sweet and salty!! Pairs well with their coffee, and it's actually really good coffee. This will always be my favorite breakfast spot and it's reasonably priced too. Portions are generous (although I always finish my plate) and the staff is always friendly and attentive! I'll definitely wake up early for this place...  Well, let's see how comfy my bed is that day... :)
5	This is our 2nd time eating here and I haven't been disappointed yet.. The food the atmosphere and the staff are so nice!! If it wasn't so far we would definitely brunch here more often..
5	Great food! French fries are to die for! Service was amazing and the patio is dog friendly.. They even brought the dogs treats and a water dish. We will definitely be back.
5	Amanda was fabulous!!  Never been here before and she took great care of us and explained all the wonderful food choices. Will definitely be back again. Food was fantastic. Leaving very stuffed and satisfied!! Thank you Amanda!!
5	The food was wonderful & Amanda was a great server.  Funny & full of personality. We will be back.
4	We were in the neighborhood and decided to stop and grab some grub.  It was our first time there and we loved the atmosphere and on the tables there are happy cards and unhappy cards. Every restaurant should have this!  If it's your fist time there, you get a free muffin and it was delicious.  The food was good but they need to offer a military discount. We only had to flip the card once because they kept forgetting to bring our refills after we asked, but other than that it was a home-like feel and good cooking. Also the location in Summerlin is a very good location and a very beautiful area.
5	Egg Works in Summerlin is a wonderful find.  The staff is always friendly, we never have to wait long, and the food is great.  My family loves the Works potatoes, and I love that I can substitute fruit when I am being "good."  And the fruit is fabulous - a large slice of each: three kinds of melon, plus pineapple, orange, and grapefruit.  I love breakfast here!
4	Two words: Spinach Benny. A huge helping of eggs benedict with plenty of spinach on top. I had to take the second helping home because it was so much. Good potatoes too. Our waitress was super friendly and fast. From the looks of the menu, there's nothing bad you could possibly choose (breakfast or lunch) which is why it was full on a Sunday morning. Reasonable prices too for the amount of food you get. They have a nice patio which we didn't take advantage of since it was drizzling but I bet it would be perfect on a nice sunny Vegas day.
4	Works Veggie Benny was delicious! Loved their special Works potatoes, like little potato poppers. The plate had so much, I couldn't eat it all!The hostess and server were very kind and quick to seat as well as take our orders. The tacky decorations and menu can go though. If it's made of cheap newspaper, you would think they would throw them away. Good for you for recylcing but its unsanitary to reuse that.
4	The service here is always 5 stars for sure. The food is a solid 3.5.Average out to a 4.This is a perfect place to bring a gaggle for some comfort food.Not fancy, not pretentious, just good ol' diner food.Service, more than food keeps me coming back. Always a smiling staff, prompt to the table, drinks and food there really quickly. And never an issue.
5	Went here for breakfast and as the reviews state the food was very good and the service was also excellent.  I Like the Omlette House on Charleston for Corned Beef Hash, but the service, atmosphere, and food makes this now my first choice.  Can't compare the cornbeef hash as I have not had it at Egg Works, but my Chile Omlette was excellent.  Won't disappoint.
5	First things first: Amanda was an exceptional server. Very funny and engaging, she made us feel welcome immediately. For this reason alone, I will be back. I haven't ordered yet, and will continue this review after I eat :)Annnd, I ate. It was really yummy. I had the country benny and at first I was thinking "theres no way ill finish this.." Fast forward about 5 mins, im looking down at a completely clean plate....yep. Im not ashamed. Youll probably do the same thing.
5	Our random 'pajama party' Sunday breakfast was better than expected, begining at the door; our awesome server, Amanda,  recognized that we too were awesome when we came in PJ's, slippers and all.  She scooped us up, sat us in her section, tolerated my excessive pickiness and delivered us delicious breakfast perfection.   We thoroughly enjoyed her humor, bright personality, and clever ways. Such a delight to have such sparkling service early in the a.m.
5	Stopped in for breakfast after training at 24.  What I like about Egg Works is the food and service is always consistent.  Servers always check on you, never have to request refills, etc.   They never seem to mind menu request modifications if you are trying to keep it healthy.  I also appreciate a dog friendly patio.
5	Heck yeah, this place is surprisingly good! Been here 6 times and each time they hit the dishes spot on.  Good service and a clean place.  This should be the death of IHOP up the street.
5	This place should be a training ground for customer service.  The entire staff is dialed in on getting orders out, refilling drinks, and staying on top of
5	Great food, superb service, very clean environment, friendly atmosphere, super clean Decor & restrooms. Nohemi was a great attentive server, major props to this place, it's nice to travel and have a good breakfast place with no or minimal wait. A must try.
5	Really great food and good value for money. Tv's for sports fans and lots of seating. I cleaned the plate. Great muffins too and the breakfast potatoes were some of the best I ever had dir to flavor.
4	Tried the new bread bowl. Tasty but the stew  could have been warmer. Enjoyed the omelette. Service is always attentive and solid.
5	Even though there are a few of them, don't think of this place as a "Chain".  The staff is very friendly and welcoming, the food is fresh and delish.Had an omelet and wow was it good.  Asked for some customization on it and it was not a challenge.  NO ISSUES!!!!  Wow.The pricing is not high, but the quality is.  The only challenge was having to wait a bit for a table, but I guess that is a good thing for them.We will be back
