5	Great place, shop was packed but they took care of my tire that blew out on 28 when I had no spare and Mr tire told me it would take all day to sell me and Change one tire. A little pricey, but it was worth it. They were really busy, all bay's full but still only took fifteen minutes to change my tire. Did it right out in the lot.  Thank you guys so much. I recommend this place to anyone in a bind like I was.
5	These guys are amazing. It's a small but mighty family-run gas station (full service) and repair shop. Everyone who works there is nice, but Tom in particular is one of the warmest and most pleasant human beings you will ever interact with. As a woman who knows zilch about cars, I'm always wary of being ripped off and told that I need to fix or replace things that aren't actually problematic. So it's very important to me that I take my car somewhere trustworthy. This shop is ethical and does a great job. I trust that they won't try to "nickel and dime" me and sell me things that I don't need. Because they're small, during their busy season it sometimes can take a bit to get an appointment for service. But even if they can't get you in right away, they will do what they can in the moment to help you. For example, I had a malfunction indicator lamp come on in my car this summer, and I called Finks to see about getting it looked at. The earliest available appointment they had was a week out, but they told me to swing my car by that day and they would hook it up to the computer to see if the error code was indicating a problem that could wait a week or if it was serious and I should take it in somewhere else right away. Love that they are so helpful (even when it meant me potentially getting it fixed elsewhere!)I have found their prices to be higher than other places for both repairs and routine things like oil changes and inspections. But for me, you can't really put a price on knowing that your car is in good hands and that you're not being taken advantage of. A very easy 5 stars and 5 cheers for Finks!
