4	I was craving some wings and since I was in the area decided to give what I thought was Wing King another chance.  Brian was not there so that did seem odd but I was going to place my order anyway.  I mean even owners take the day off occasionally.  Then the gentleman taking my order mentioned they had only been opened for a couple of weeks and I thought, wait, where am I?!?  Lol.  Turns out Brian is gone.  Looking at his facebook it appears that he will be opening in another location.  Price wise it's about the same as other wing locations in town.  I got the lemon pepper and honey bbq.  Usually lemon pepper is my favorite and my go to but in this case I really liked the honey bbq and would order it again.  They offer 15 flavors of wings but the new owner said there would be more.  So that is a major difference between Wing King and this new spot.  The Wing King menu had 60 flavors and offered dessert.  They don't currently offer dessert so the yelp check in won't be honored.  I have to take away one star because they could be more generous with the ranch and the blue cheese.  I ordered the 30 piece and it came with two containers and that was enough for a 15 piece but not 30.
4	Great wings yummy flavor interesting menu cool service a little bit if an odd location but niffty :)
5	Great customer service!! And the sauces and wings....on point!! Had the tequila lime and the DC famous mumbo. Definitely going back to try the rest of the flavors. The house dressing is real good too!! Gracias Armando!!
5	Was feenin some Jamaican Slam Wings and Sweet Chili Glazed Fries so off I went to the one place that satisfies my craving. Wing King. *Record scratch. Huh? This aint Wing King!Apparently, its a whole new owner and he named it 702 Wing Spot. Now being the open minded Yelper that I am I was more than willing to give these guys a spin.What I got was the Rat Pack ($9.99). You get one sauce for 10 pieces of wings, fries, and a drink. I wanted to play it safe so I got just honey barbeque.When they brought out my order, it was only 9 wings and they noticed it as soon as they put it down in front of me. They said to just go ahead and start eating and they will bring out the other piece. At first I was thinking that this was a bad first impression. But about 5 minutes later they brought out 3 pieces because they felt bad about their mistake. I was impressed. As for the wings, not bad. Not bad at all. I think I will go for more bolder sauces next time like Mango Habanero. The fries were sprinkled with some type of cajun spices which made it pretty good. Not as good as sweet chili glazed fries but good nonetheless. Lastly, you get a 12 ounce can of soda. Not a bad deal for 10 bucks.As a bonus, when you check in you get a free dessert! At that time, not all the desserts were available because he just opened so I ended up going with the cheesecake on a stick which normally sells for $3.99. If you refer to my pic, it is a nice sized goodie for you guys with a sweet tooth! It had a rich taste to it just like how a good cheesecake should be.Originally I was gonna give them 4 stars but the service more than made up for that supposedly bad first impression. I like these guys. A bit different than Wing King but I am more than happy to recommend these them. For those that are not familiar with this place, they are located in a strip mall kind of setting with other food joints of different ethnicity. Dont let the appearance fool you for the good food and service will have you coming back!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #161
5	First time. Great customer service and food. Love the lemon pepper wings. It's in a cosy, lil food court.
3	Super bummed to see that Wing King is gone- their vast variety of sauces were a huge part of their appeal, along with their service.If you're going to take over the same space as a successful business and offer up the same type of food, you best be sure you can provide a product that is as good as the place you are replacing. This new place is not on the same level. Menu combos require wing orders to be over 10 pieces for more than one sauce- which is frustrating as the WK menu of 50 sauces is cut down to a max of 15 here in the first place.  Grand opening special (10 wings, fries, drink; $12) offers up to two sauces... but I was told they'd be limiting to 1 sauce in the future. Bad choice, management- this will lose you WK's former fans.Of the garlic-parm and cajun wings, the former seemed to be a close match to the recipe used by Wing King but with less cheese while the latter was more of a rub (please note this on the menu). Bleu cheese dipping sauce was disgusting, couldn't tell if it was spoiled but color was off, consistency was watery, and flavor wasn't right.
4	Service was super friendly! Wings flavors were good and a decent size. This is in a food court so the good news is if you want wings but someone else doesn't there's other types of food available.We tried:Medium buffalo-plenty of sauce, average flavorMango habanero-delicious!!! Lots of sauceGarlic Teriyaki- lots of sauce, average flavorHoney BBQ-lots of sauce, average flavorCaribbean jerk-it's a dry rub, we expected sauce so a little disappointed.The flavors we had may have been overall average but the friendly service and size of the wings makes this place to return to (when we are on this side of town).
5	Great food great service with awesome prices! Hands down best wings on the west side/summer in area. Yeah they only have 15 flavors but all 15 flavors are great. Will be a regular here from now on.
4	Stopped here to fill a craving. The wings were fresh and crispy unlike others I have had recently. I ordered the casino deal with bourbon and teriyaki wings. You cannot beat the price for the amount of food you get. The bourbon were my favorite. I haven't had a sauce like that before and it fulfilled my craving. I'll be back before I leave town.
5	Love anywhere by the campus. Wish this place was even bigger. Good wings, good price.
5	I absolutely love this place.  First time was great,  second time is amazing!  You can get almost anything you can think of its great munchie food n the owner is so cool.
3	Tried this place for the first time today and was pretty happy with everything. We tried the medium, Parmesan garlic and garlic teriyaki sauces. The sauces were all pretty good, but we picked up our order late and everything was pretty cold by the time we ate it. To give this place a fair review we will be eating here again but we are going to pick up our food on time so it's still hot. Until then they get three stars.
4	First time coming here. At first I thought it was one place but it's actually a mini food court inside. It has about a maximum capacity seating of about 40.For this first visit, I came for 702 Wing Stop. I was hungry after class, CSN Charleston. I ordered the Hoover dam which consisted of 6 wings: one flavor, one dip and canned soda. But don't get this deal fooled by their "daily special" which is the same thing but $1.00 difference. As for the garlic chicken, it was cooked well but the garlic flavoring could be a little stronger as well as fresher. The fries that came with it could've been a little more warmer but I didn't mind because it had fair amount of seasoning. I checked in for their free desert & I think the desert takes the cake, although that's not the kind of desert I had, their crispy fried ice cream makes up for everything else! delicious! Overall my experience was greatly satisfied and I hope yours as well! definitely coming back to try more, next time.
1	First and last ordering here. I ordered a wing meal that should have come with a soda and fries, I paid an extra dollar for it and they didn't put it in there. I asked for wings only no drums and they had to call me because they did t know what I meant... so I said the flat ones... He still didn't understand what I meant... you work at a wing place... you should know what the hell I mean. I've never had an issue anywhere else with this request.  Now I also request ranch for everything I ordered and got all blue cheese. The fries looked brown as if they were cut and weren't soaked in water so they wouldn't turn brown and nasty. They had no flavor. Now my wings I ended up getting boneless because they couldn't understand what I wanted. I ate one of each flavor and threw it out. I could have bought frozen boneless wings and had them taste and look the same. I have no clue how this place has such great reviews.  Oh and they delivered it 20 minutes late. Never ever again.
