5	Terrific supper club.  Went for the first time on Sunday and was very pleased with the food and service.  The resturant provides a good value for the price and has a great salid bar.
3	Stopped in late on a Saturday night. Traditional supper club with a European theme to it. We wanted to stay in Waunakee for dinner (as opposed to going in to Madison). It met our needs but, was just average. Hostess/servers were friendly and efficient but, not overly so.I felt the A-OK rating fit best. Considered a fourth star though.
2	I avoid Rex's when I can, but large group meals or when dining out with friends will often bring me there.  I've eaten there easily a dozen times, both lunch and dinner.  The food is adequate.  Generally more institutional than you would expect for the price (soups are not homemade, potatoes are instant, meat is usually pre-sliced and merely heated).  The service is decent and usually not offensive.  The bar is pretty decent.
3	I have a soft spot for outdated salad bars and supper clubs in general, so I liked this place.  I wouldn't say it's very memorable in its own right, though.The interior is done up in a kitschy, vaguely Olive Garden-style theme--hints of a retirement home, especially since hardly anyone was under 50 except for our table and the servers.  The salad bar was decent, with a good range of toppings and a few pasta-salad type sides, though the soup and the dressing tasted very institutional.I can't speak for anything else on the menu, except for the shrimp cocktail, which was bland and clearly straight from a freezer.  The bar area is a bit interesting, there seems to be a space for polkas or something and a semi-divided room where dozens of senior citizens were playing cards.
2	Food average at best,but salad bar was good.Breading on broasted chicken way "too heavy"..Service OK.No happy hour in bar.On "plus side" I felt like the youngest person there.
5	I love these places.  Total Wisconsin Supper Club.  Salad Bar and Soup is very Wisconsin and very good.The main courses are very "sturdy".Everyone who eats there is like 50 plus.They need some windows though.
4	Fantastic salad bar! My wife and I were both stuffed before our meals came out. There was a lot of variety and something for everyone. Food came out piping hot. Service is very friendly. Glad we came here!
5	Salad bar is great, has extra things like pasta salad, and unusual items such beets and chickpeas. Wait was only 30 mins and got to sit at the bar until called to dining room. Bar prices were cheap, good, strong drinks. . Prices for meal were excellent. Friday fish fry -cod & haddock under $12. Amount of fish was adequate, not an all you can eat but with the large salad bar you left full and often with a to go bag. Walleye was excellent.  Bands play weekends after 9 in bar area.  Great experience for us just passing through.
4	Consistently good, amazing fried chicken, solid salad and soup bar. (This is weird to yelp about a place I don't remember first visiting.)
2	The salad bar is about the only thing going for it.  Had hoped that a place that is generally pretty busy would be a great supper club, unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case.  The feel, the decor, the bar are typical supper club but the entrees...nope.  My wife and I have tried the Friday fish fry 2x and both times were very disappointed. The fish looked and tasted exactly like they came from a box of VandeKamps frozen fish filet.  Same unnatural shape, thin, with same breading.  Nothing like a true beer battered cod or haddock.  I think the only reason the place is busy is due to the cheap prices and lack of other options in the area.  We won't be going again, it may well be the worst fish fry I have ever had in my life.
2	Came here with family for a Friday Night Fish fry. We had a reservation for 5:30 and were seated promptly, although I was the youngest one there by 30 years! Traditional supper club, outdated decor. They make a great old fashioned. The fish was definately frozen and overcooked, chewy and lacking flavor. It was actually hard to cut. Fish should flake, this didn't . It was extreely disappointing. We also ordered cheese curds. They were ok. The cheese wasn't melted so either they wern't cooked enough or sat in a window to die. I woudn't recommend this place to anyone else. It did look like they had a beautiful salad bar although for $3 extra, I didn't need it. Our server was wonderful however. She was attentive and the pace of the meal was nice.
