5	Dr. Imas and his staff are great!  His office is busy, but that is because he is a great doctor.  He is always very kind and takes his time with every patient.  I don't mind the wait sometimes for my appointments because I know I'm going to get the same level of attention his other patients are getting.  His secretary Ros, gives you a courtesy call to remind you of appointments, and they work with you if you have to reschedule.  If you are looking for a specialist in this area, look no further .
3	I thought I posted this a while ago but since I havent this is from the last few times I have seen this office and today. I really like Dr. Imas.  Always makes sure you have the time you need to go over everything without feeling rushed.  What I don't like is the front staff.  Although they are nice and helpful, everytime I have to call it goes to voicemail/message system where more than half the time I don't get a call back and had to physically go into the office to reschedule my appointment or pick up a lost script instead of them being able to call it into the pharmacy.  I have even brought this up to the ladies at the front desk asking if they ever do answer the phone where a weired sistutation happened.  Me: do you guys ever answer the phone up here?Front desk: All the time... hold on I need to get this. (No ring what's so ever unless the volume as down but there was no flashing light to even show the phone was rining) answers phone, can you please hold? (Now phoneline is flashing on hold)She continues with me and when done she never goes back to the phone.  Meanwhile that little light was flashing and still flashing 15 min later when I was walked back.  My personal conclusion is that there was never anyone on that line and said line is not on hold directing all other calls to voicemail/message ststem......I'm not the only one that is having the same problem with unanswered call and not returning messages. While waiting in the office today another lady was having the same problem where she had left two items behind and was trying to call the office to see if she had left them there.  She was upset when she brought this to the attention to the lady at the front. (Not sure if this lady is new as I have not seen her before but in my opinion she was doing more by herself and putting our fires better then the other staff I have seen up front. )I would give the doctor 5 stars but because because of the front staff I decided 3 was what was deserved.
2	While Dr. Imas is helpful, knowledgeable and quite funny the office staff are completely useless.  Impossible to get on the phone, mismanaged appointments, incapable of getting a certification from insurance without me calling the insurance company and then calling them to get them to follow up.  Unable to follow through.  Dr. Imas needs to find competent staff before he loses patients.  The wait time is awful as well.  I waited over an hour in an exam room for a 10 minute appointment.  This last appointment I made with the back office staff and then called right back to change it to earlier in the day.  When I arrived the change had not been made and I was told they could fit me in if I would wait for an hour.  Not again I said and had to reschedule for 6 days later.  Very frustrating.  I will return to get my shots but will not refer anyone here.  You should go see Dr. Imas but be prepared to be frustrated by the office staff and wait times.
1	We are done. Many of the office staff are incompetent in their job. As the other stated NO ONE ever calls you back and have sent prescriptions to a pharmacy I have never used causing confusion and frustration.  Dr. Imas I hope that if you read this you enjoyed the comic book my husband gave you and we enjoyed you as a docotr. But I sit here today never to return after the incident that took place this morning. I cancel my morning appointment and am just waiting to take my medical records else where. To bad your a great docotr with mediocre front office staff.
