3	They should actually rename this store Rob and Stalk You.  While it does boast a ginormous showroom with beautiful pieces to suit most any style and the prices are somewhat reasonable, it is impossible to look in peace.My husband and I are looking for the dreaded hide the television piece.  We know what we want, but have found it apparently does not exist.   Anywho, we made this store a stop on our trek.  As usual, we were like fresh meat for the vulturine who greeted us.  And in spite of telling her we were just there to look, for nothing in particular, she insisted on following us throughout the store.  If we stopped, she stopped.  If we moved, she moved.  My husband went into douche mode which just compounded the misery.  And no, they didn't have what we want either.  Can't wait to repeat this scenario in a few months!
3	Even though we bought a couple thousand dollars worth of furniture the other day, when returning to see when our pieces would be ready and simply browsing, the sales attendant (Karen) would not stop hounding us. She was a complete vulture.This store doesn't seem concerned with making you feel comfortable ... there is a difference between being available for questions and staying at a two foot distance.Not going back for any more pieces.The only reason why this store is even getting three stars is because I absolutely love every couch and chair we've purchased from here.
1	Buyer Beware!!! Do NOT buy from their bankruptcy liquidation sale - they are bringing in merchandise that R&S never carried to augment the sale. We're talking wood veneers and fillers - we were scammed on our dining room set and are out several thousand dollars (the salesperson told us it was solid wood!). You go there *thinking* you'll get a high end piece of furniture but they're using the R&S name to sell lesser quality items.*Update* After contacting the company handling the liquidation, and even getting an e-mail from the former owner of R&S, we were refunded our full purchase price.   I'm sticking with the original rating only because people visiting the bankruptcy sale need to know they're not getting the same quality they would expect from the R&S name.
