5	Small, intimate place with a total of 7 tables.  BYOB. Innovative offerings wonderfully done in comfortable portions.  The locals must know something: tough to get a reservation less than 3 weeks out. A great place for the discerning palate and for special occasions.
5	I'm hesitant to review this because it's a small place and it's kind of a secret, tucked away on Bower Hill road between Scott, Upper St. Clair, and Bridgeville.  Alas, I'm a committed Yelper, and this place deserves every bit of 5 stars.The food is tremendous.  Wild Rosemary would be successful anywhere.  As Kerry D. mentions, get your reservations weeks ahead.  My mom has been trying to get us in while we are in town for a while now and it's always been booked.They do not serve alcohol, but it's a BYOB situation. I think they charged us like $10 corkage.  Totally worth it.  Stop by and pick up a great bottle of wine and prepare for a top-notch meal.  I'll attach photos of our plates.  You can see the care taken in every plate.  At the end of the evening the chef came out and was taking time at every table to introduce herself--a nice touch.The menu changes, but I think you can check online to see what's offered.PS: Rocket is a type of arugula salad.
3	Went for a special occasion!  Looking forward to Wild Rosemary Bistro  "Exquisite food preparation"; "Where Good Things Will Come To You", per Wild's card.  BYOB, which is great!  $6 fee for corkage is well worth it.Very small, six tables, must have reservations.  Very load, hard to hear across the table.  It was so load I wanted to screeeeeeeeammmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Food preparation was wonderful.  Starter was grilled asparagus and tomatoes.  Very tasty and well prepared.   Had lamb chops with stuffed grape leaves and a miniture stuffed zuc, and it came with a small salad.  The veggies and salad were wonderful.  Ordered medium rare and it came medium well.   W meat was cooked the same and was ordered medium rare.   This is disappointing for this type of place!Dessert list was nice we shared a plum souffle that was tart and delicious.
4	What a great little secret this place is.   Food is stupendous and service exceptional.  You do need reservations well in advance since the place is so small. The only downfall is it is really noisy.  Music is played way too loud and we could barely hear one another talk.
5	Fantastic restaurant! I was in town on business and my associate recommended we go there. I am a CIA grad w/ 20+ years experience as an Executive Chef. This was one of the finest meals I have had. There was attention to detail in every aspect of the restaurant. I loved the "Crunchy Veal Chop w/ Rocket and Heirloom Tomato Salad" All 4 of us loved the meal! I even called the restaurant the next evening to thank them for such a wonderful meal.
5	I hope this review doesn't attract more people because I want to keep this place secret! We have been here twice and both experiences were amazing. Wild Rosemary is the perfect dining experience. Fantastic service, delicious food and an intimate, exclusive atmosphere. The patrons aren't strangers either - you're greeted as an old friend and I think generally people are because they keep coming back. I am vegetarian and both times, though the menu is already predecided, they made exceptions. The price reflects the experience so be prepared!
5	We had to wait six months for our reservation and I was concerned it wouldn't be able to live up to the hype or anticipation. It delivered way above expectation. The place is small and adorable, the service was great and the food even better. I had grilled scallops over Fede pasta with wilted arugula...delicious. While we were there we made reservations again...the first available for 8 people is 6 months from now and I can't wait.
1	I can see how you would like this restaurant if your only other options were big chains like Atria's or Red Robin. The atmosphere here is just beautiful, and the staff is very nice. Unfortunately, the food is insultingly overpriced for the lack of quality ingredients, confusing preparation, and unsophisticated presentation. Our visit was a disappointing string of mouthfuls of raw peppercorns, greasy overcooked mains, and flavorless desserts and sides. Our recommendation? Forget hoping that this will be worth the outrageous prices and just go into the city for one of the many restaurants that offer a similar atmosphere and actually have good food.
2	Cons:The food is very hit or miss. When you wait months for a reservation, the food better be delicious. It's expensive. Chicken prepared in a perfectly ordinary way with pantry staples should certainly not be over $30. Additionally, if you are paying that much for ingredients that are as a whole inexpensive, you'd expect to have a decent portion. Not quite. I had less than 5 bites of the protein I ordered in my meal. This happened each time. Finally, I ordered the pasta dish and that came in a more reasonable portion size. For reference, I'm not expecting gigantic portions or to even take leftovers home. I want to feel reasonably full at the end of my meal (especially when it includes appetizers, soup/salad, an entree, and dessert). Also, I'm not quite sure what it is, but I have been to WR 3-4 times. Each and every time I've had a major stomachache within a few hours after eating there. It could be the richness of the food, but I am not certain. I am not the only one to experience this though. Pros: Very small and secluded with a cozy ambience. There were very few tables and the service was excellent. The food did taste pretty good in general. Sometimes there were major let-downs in the preparation of the meat or the sides.  (There were times when it was inconsistent--see above)The pasta--it was wonderful. Amazing. Expensive, but really quite good. If you want good homemade pasta for a fraction of the price try La Tavola on Mt. Washington. Much better. BYOB would certainly be a solid pro.
5	I stopped by here on a Wednesday evening a couple of weeks ago with my wife for my birthday dinner.  We had been looking to eat at Wild Rosemary for a long time but had never planned ahead far enough to secure reservations.  So this time around about three months in advance of my birthday I called to try and make reservations for a Thursday evening.  Nope, they were booked but they could accommodate us on Wednesday instead and so we went with it.  Once you are inside the restaurant it is pretty easy to see why this place is always packed as there is only seating for 30 people or so.  The restaurant is decorated tastefully although I feel like they packed in almost as many tables as they could since its a smaller place.For my dinner entree I decided to go with the 20 oz Delmonico which surprisingly came with a side of homemade salt and vinegar potato chips.  Before our entrees came out the server dropped off some bread (I think it was some type of foccacia) that was wrapped in some butchers paper.  Combined with the butter it was really good and by the time our entrees made it to the table it was long gone.  Having only ordered the Delmonico I was worried that I might still be hungry after the meal but once it was delivered to the table I knew that would not be a problem.  The steak itself was really good as it was tender, had a great flavor to it and was cooked perfectly.  The Salt and Vinegar potato chips were good as well although I would have preferred the vinegar part of them to have a bit more punch.  Overall though it was a very good meal and my wife and I were happy that we finally were able to dine here.The bottom line for me is that I will head to Wild Rosemary again in the future assuming that I remember to make a reservation a couple of months ahead of time.  I loved that this place was BYOB and thought that all the food that we had here was awesome.
5	Dinner and staff went above and beyond !I love this Bistro I was there twice, and I decided invited my boyfriend for a romantic dinner, to celebrate his birthday.How always the food was excellent, my steak was perfect and my boyfriend"s veal dish delicious, the server very attentive , and the desert OMG its was very unique .I would recommend Wild Rosemary to anyone looking for a very good dinner in a romantic atmosphere.Ivanete Wolstoncroft
5	Eating at Wild Rosemary is like going to your best friend's house for dinner--if your best friend is an amazing cook with impeccable attention to detail. The place is simultaneously magical and cozy with unforgettable meals each time. Wild Rosemary seats maybe 7 parties, not including the outside patio in the warmer months. That being said, make sure you understand you'll need to place a reservation several months before the meal. I have gotten lucky a few times on the cancelation list--but that also means eating at 9pm on a Tuesday night (worth it! I swear!)Wild Rosemary is cozy and intimate, using mostly candles to light the place. I'm not incredibly detail-oriented, but the space has lovely little touches. You can tell there was a lot of thought put into the feeling of the place. It's also BYOB, which is always a win in my book.The menu changes week by week, and you can usually find it online before you head over. The menu usually has a pork, chicken, fish, pasta, and scallop dish. Typically, I can't help myself and get the homemade pasta. Each dish has a beautiful presentation, but with the warmth of a home-cooked meal.Before the meal, every table gets a house appetizer, which also varies from week to week. Last visit, we had a warm homemade loaf of focaccia and a rustic Italian spread. The dessert menu rotates similar to the food menu. I'm not much of a dessert person, but I'll split one here, with a french press of La Prima to top off the meal.This is hands down my favorite dining spot in Pittsburgh. Try your hardest to book it for you next special dinner!
5	I live in the center of Lawrenceville surrounded by some of the hippest and newest restaurants in the city but the trip outside of the city is definitely worth it. Probably my favorite restaurant although reservations aren't easy to come by.
5	Yes it's hard to get a reservation and yes it's cramped, but the euphoria of flavors in their exquisite, unique cuisine is worth it.  We had lamb chops that were impossibly melt in the mouth tender paired with a great red from our own cellar.  Couldn't be better!!!
