5	You just don't find better people than Kevin & Patrick for auto repair, custom welding or RV repair. They just did a complete brake upgrade on our van and I was blown away with the inspection and repairs that Kevin did. All fluid levels, hoses and belts were check. Tire pressure on all tires was set to my trip pressure.  I wouldn't hesitate to load the van for another 6,000 miles plus trip tomorrow. They have really good prices and they as honest.as the day is long. I am tickled pink to find these guys and I will be back for all my repairs If you want you vehicle worked on by truly trustworthy certified mechanics, give these guys a call today. I can't wait to tell my neighbors about these guys.
5	I could not be more happy with the work that was done on my car. These guys took the time to meet me after hours so I could drop my car off and they never tried to sell me anything I didn't need. Their service and price is unmatched. I will be taking my cars here in the future.
2	AAA Auto Doctor worked on my car before when they was working out of their home. I was satisfied with their work and only wanted them to deal with my Mercedes. I went back because my vehicle kept cutting off for no reason. They told me that I needed to get my oil filter changed on the vehicle also there was a leak in a canister that would effect my emission test. I told them to replace the filter and we will fix the canister at a later date since i was advised that this was not the problem. After driving the car from the shop to home it cut off 5 times and was worst than before. I called the mechanic back and was told that i need to drive and move the oil threw the new filter. Fast forward to 2 weeks and it was the same problem. I made a new appointment but from the advise of my wife that after 3 times going back for the same problem it was time to try another mechanic. I was called by Kevin asking if i was bringing the car in and i nicely told him about us trying a new mechanic and he said "Your car need a lot of work" which was news to us because he only mentioned 2 problems. He then went on to say "you don't have money to fix the car so we never told you about the other problems" what mechanic withhold information ??? We took the vehicle to a new mechanic and the only thing wrong with the vehicle was it needed a full tuneup, total system flush and new o2 sensors and the leaky canister i was told about was no leak and now the car works like it was first driven off the assembly line. I initially loved these guys but now i will stay away like a plague.
