1	I really want to like La Paz.  I really do, but I recently went there for the first time in about a year and was really disappointed.  I've heard it's under new management so they may still be working out the kinks.1.  Disappointed by the food.  From the looks of it, this might have just been my dish.  They've updated the menu from the last time I was there and I was hoping to get the delicious nachos I had last time.  I ordered the nachos, but what came out was a plate with eight (8) chips, with a singular strip of chicken, some cheese and black beans.  I think it was $10.79 for that...so it equates out to $1.35 a chip.2.  Disappointed by the atmosphere.  We went on a Friday night and were seated in the back of the restaurant, thankfully.  There was a small band brought in, but it ended up more like karaoke.  We heard everything from James Taylor to Jimmy Buffett to Dave Matthews.  And it wasn't good.  Would expect more of a latin theme throughout the restaurant, this came across as cheesy.3.  Disappointed by the wait staff.  Given it was a Friday night and we had a large group, but we were sat at a table that wasn't big enough for our group, wait approximately 10 minutes for drinks after sitting, 15 minutes for salsa to go with the chips and got our food before some people had silverware.Like I said, I want to like La Paz because it's closer than Cantina, but I'm not sure if I would go back at this point.
1	OK people...not sure what's going on here. So many mixed reviews makes me wonder if people want to write just to test out their keyboards.Here's what's up: La Paz blows major goats.This place serves college cafeteria food and charges 20 bucks for it slopped onto a plate. Authentic my ass. If this is Mexican food, then I'm a Baptist preacher. I've had better tasting Mexican in a jar.Seriously La Paz, meet me over here at camera 3:You can' t even make your own chips. That is weak.One Star for You!
1	We went here after visiting the website and expecting some pretty good food and drinks. This place is as "Americanized" as any Mexican place I've been. The interior, service, and food is mediocre but everything after that goes way downhill. The chips and salsa were very sub par but the fajitas actually had a little seasoning on them (too much to ask for most of the time). The worst part about the restaurant was the margaritas. I came in expecting a good drink after seeing it was voted best margarita in Charlotte and left wondering how 600,000 people could be so wrong. They have sweet and sour mix by the gallon and that's all the drink tasted like. Fresh lime juice is not bright green, so the drink shouldn't be. I even overheard some drunk young dude who knew no better comment on how good his margarita was while sitting at the bar. Thar poor soul has no clue what a mans drink is: good tequila, grand marnier/cointreau, and fresh lime juice. Mine had the first two but I couldn't taste anything but artificial mix. Go there if you want a step up from Taco Bell for three times the money! Otherwise seek out something more authentic.
4	I'm not sure if the deal's still going, but La Paz used to have a half off margarita night. Since their margaritas are awesome, this makes going a priority. You have to. It's a little bit off the beaten path, which I like.I'd say the signature dish here is the fish tacos, which is all anyone I've gone with has ordered. Definitely try them--lightly-battered white fish with all the fixings, served authentic Baja-style, which is delicious. Great intimate environment, so good for dates or even some just cervezas with friends.
2	I wasn't impressed with La Paz. Like others have said, I wanted to like it. I really wanted another Mexican restaurant to frequent. But the food (I had the steak burrito) was just kinda so-so. I have to say...the worst part of my experience was that the hostess sat my friend and I next to a table of about 10 babies and toddlers. Yes, there parents were there, though you wouldn't have known that because the kids were destroying the restaurant and screaming and going crazy. I know this isn't La Paz's fault, but it was pretty ridiculous that they sat us in this terrible spot. The rest of the restaurant was pretty wide open. Not cool.
1	Seriously, why is this place in business?  Food quality is on par with a denny's, and the drinks taste like cheap mixers with no alcohol.  Bland at best describes this place..... I had to ask for hot sauce, the salsa was not fresh, the guacamole tasted pre made and bland...  For a city with a large Mexican population, this is a complete joke.  Chipotle could put this place out of business in a week.
1	Where do I even start with this so-called Mexican place?  The salsa tasted like they were chunky/watery canned tomatoes, simply poured into a dish and served with blue corn tortilla chips.  Then came the less-than impressive server who didnt want to suggest anything to us.  I would've had more help by asking the hot sauce bottle on the table!  It was odd for only 6-7 diners to be here at around 6:30 pm?  It wasnt even like the server had a reason to be so hurried.  Anyway, I ordered the Tamarind Citrus Chicken with a mango salsa and asked for it to be extra, extra spicy  (this was obviously before I became a pescatarian).   My dinner buddies each ordered a chicken quesdilla and a taco plate respectively.My dish was pretty bland, considering I said 'extra' twice.  When I politely requested for some unbottled hot sauce, the server took my plate and returned it in 2 minutes with SUPER-DUPER-DEATH DEFYING habanero paste smothered on the chicken breasts!!!  I mean it was straight habanero paste, anyone who knows where the habanero chili stands on the scoville scale knows how damn hot it is!  It seared my lips and tore up my esophagus.  Its like the server was punishing me for asking for more spice!  The spiciness didnt actually hit until maybe 3 minutes, after which I was sweating bullets------AK-47 bullets.  It was very inedible, I mean I admit I LOVE spicy, but this was literally death.  I just ate around the breasts because I honestly started feeling light-headed and kinda out of it (no, not from drinks, from the habanero)  My plate was basically untouched, I couldnt even bother letting the server know my disappointment.  I was sad cause I couldnt even fill up on their chips and so-called salsa.  Either way, my poor toungue, lips and throat needed atleast 72 hours to recuperate from this harrowing experience.  As you can see, I didnt enjoy anything at all here.  The best part of the whole dinner was walking out of La Paz.  Ill never look back.p.s:  this took place back in May '09
3	Ok food but they do have drink specials which gives it a higher rating.  Plus there is outdoor seating.
1	ok seriously i dont even know why they are in business... the food is terrible i think taco bell does a better job.. the salsa takes like its from a jar and the lettuce they serve you for salads is like 5 days old like i said taco bell does a better job.... go here if you want to overpay for worse than taco bells... what a waste of  money...
3	LaPaz is to Mexican food as a bar is to bar food. It will get you by but you mainly go there for the drinks and get food to keep from getting too drunk.
2	The place has seen better days. If you find yourself on a long wait at other Mexican restaurants in town and have to venture here due to your impatience, be prepared for increased prices and mediocre food. There is a reason there's no wait.
2	There are a few things that I look for in a restaurant. Quality (taste), price, service and sometimes ambiance. These four qualities share a symbiotic relationship, but unfortunately La Paz only hit one of them on the head. Which one you say? Good Service. Everything else is atrocious. Now price isn't bad, but the food quality just negated it. Our waitress is the only reason they're getting 2 stars. Management should thank her. The King Crab Enchiladas were more than horrendous. The crab was extra old and just plain fishy tasting. I don't know how they could have even served it. The tamales were dry and the only thing that saved them was the sauce. Salsa is good though and at least they don't mislabel the pilaf as spanish style rice (Not that either was worth mentioning). Skip dinner and just do drinks.
3	Pretty good Mexican spot.  Not the best by any means, but pretty good.  I know its hard to mess up Mexican food.  I only come here on Sundays for early dinner.  Its not very busy and you're assured your food speedy- so In and Out.  I would not wait for long periods of times to eat here.Again, not bad, just nothing spectacular.  They do have $2 ritas on Sunday's which is a pretty good deal.  Good Chips n' Salsa, great enchiladas, great tacos and good carne asada
2	Meh was exactly the word I was thinking after I went here. It wasn't the worst I've ever had but just meh. So thank you, Yelp, for saying exactly what I wanted to. I went there with a friend last night since she had a Groupon for it and have been anxious to try it again since I've only been once four years ago. The fact that I didn't remember my experience there should have been some foreshadowing for my second go.They had $4 Margaritas and $4 Mojitos on Wednesday night which is always alluring. I was pleasantly surprised by their salsa since I saw some bad reviews about it. It was watery but it packed some flavor so that made me smile. The service was good but the food was just meh. I got the spinach and chicken tamales which didn't have any flavor. I was expecting to taste some heat or at least garlic, cilantro or something but it was just there. I only had a few bites since I loaded up on the chips and salsa and took the rest to go but will be eating the rest since I'm frugal like that. Even though my meal was free, I was a bit shocked at their prices such as their combo plates which if you go to some other local Mexican places, are a good $3 or $4 less but I guess they gotta keep the prices up for the location they have.The  food was mediocre but  I was diggin their patio area and the strength of the margaritas. I don't think I would ever go to La Paz on my own or say "Wow, I'm in a La Paz kind of mood" but will go elsewhere the next time I am craving some Mexican food for a more authentic and wallet friendly experience.
3	My husband really gives this place shit, so I was surprised when it turned out to be decent.The salsa was terrible - basically the worst I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant - so I very quickly ordered a top shelf margarita, which was on special the night we went.  The margarita was fantastic - sufficiently strong and delicious (probably had a lot to do with the awesome tequila) - and that really elevated the remainder of the meal.I appreciated that La Paz marks its vegetarian menu options - it saved me the hassle of having to comb through every section for something I could eat.  I ended up ordering (I think) a spinach burrito of sorts (with all the fixins), and I enjoyed it very much.  The spinach was fresh and limey, and that's about all I expect in a spinach burrito.It seemed a couple bucks more expensive than it should have been, but the margarita made up for it.  I imagine I'll go back just for a margarita next time.  I can make the spinach burrito at home.
2	Though it is difficult to screw up mexican food--I can make decent enchiladas and I am nobody's idea of a chef--it is very easy to make it feel indifferent. That is the La Paz experience.There was no sense of ownership from the kitchen to the food prepared, just rote work. If I want food without character, I'll go to Olive Garden, thank you very much.I'll assume this restaurant is still in a state of transition and will make a note to revisit them some months from now. However, the meal I had wasn't a tremendous incentive to return.
3	I've given them a little time to work out some kinks. They now have a new menu and such, so I decided to order some grub to go for lunch. Needless to say, I still had my reservations about this place though. While they didn't quite perform a complete 180, they are teetering around the 80-100 degree range.Prices are still a little too high for the quality and taste, but they do give decent portions. The rice, beans and salsa all came in separate containers. A good size bag of chips also accompanies the order. Fish tacos are so so. The batter was a little eggy and I'm still feeling a little indifferent about them. They seem to attempt modern twists to some classics. Shreds of coconut in their rice which sounds cool in theory, but it just didn't quite do it for me. Good news though is this is a sign of improvement and I just might come back to try other stuff.
1	I hate to pile on, but this place just wasn't good.  I went there for lunch not having heard anything at all about La Paz before.  I thought it looked cute inside, and we were seated, ordered and served our drinks pretty quickly, but things went down from there.  I ordered chicken tacos, and it took quite a long time for them to arrive even though very few people were in the restaurant.  When our food finally arrived, it was barely warm and clearly had been sitting around for awhile.  The cheese on the refried beans (inexplicably cheddar) had congealed on all our plates, the rice was overcooked and mealy, and the tacos barely registered any warmth.  Even worse, the waitress carried our plates to the table in large oven mitts to suggest that the food was piping hot, which is pretty laughable considering how cold the food actually was.  The state of the food served to us was bad enough that I would have said something to the waitress, but after depositing the food, she disappeared for quite a long period, so rather than sit there staring out our food, we ate what we could.  The chicken was not good--most of it was dark (which I really didn't expect in a restaurant like this) and tasted canned.  The food was generally flavorless, so I salted it up just to get it down.  We ran out of salsa and it was never refilled either.  I will say that the guacamole was tolerable, but that was about it.  This is a good example of reading yelp reviews before you go to a restaurant 'cause if I had, I would have never set foot in this place.  Lesson learned!
2	Manager contacted me, explaining some of the recent problems.  I appreciate the effort, and for that I'll add a star.
