3	This is just like all of the other Pizza Huts in the area, reasonable food at a reasonable costs.Delivery is consistent and always seems to be hot.  I have become a big fan of the wings, and especially the Wed Night Wing deals.This is a carry out only / delivery location, but does have a few benches to sit on while you wait.NCFoodGuy
4	What's not to love about Pizza Hut?!This place was wonderful! It's a small location but inside was very clean and the staff was wonderful to work with. My order was prepared correctly and it was pipping hot when I arrived. I look forward to ordering from here again!
3	Good food at a good price.  Consistently decent.
1	The food is amazing but the service sucks!!!There is always a problem with the staff there is like 10 different managers everyone in this place claims they are managers everyone that works there is an airhead!!! I hate ordering from this location but unfortunately they are the only ones that deliver to my neighborhood. Pizza huts prices are also crazy ! 1 large pizza for like $16 bucks! Ha expensive and bad service yeah won't be ordering from them again! They literally make every other pizza hut look bad! Melissa and her team are horrible !!!!!!!!!!!!! I only give them one star because the food is good or else they wouldn't even get one star from me!
1	As much as we enjoy Pizza Hut, this location is just not the one to use.  I kinda wish we had another option for our area.We placed our order @ 7:30 PM, the computer generated a 45 Minute wait time.  at 8:21 I called about our Pizza that still wasn't here.  The alleged manager Melissa said - rudely - that they were running behind and that we should never trust the internet system. I called back 5 Minutes later to speak to a manager - turns out it was Melissa again, who reiterated her message of being behind.I explained I understood this, and that they needed to find a better way to manage client expectations.  I totally understand a backlog, but I also appreciate customer centric communication.  In this area, they fell down.  As we were wrapping the call, the driver showed up (an hour after the order was placed) and caught on to the situation.  She was apologetic and asked if the manager offered a credit or something - which she hadn't.This location needs more customer focused management and a better way of managing expectation.  Pizza Hut lost a customer tonight....
1	Now officially done with this store for sure and probably Pizza Hut as well. The store is 10 minutes from our house yet they can't seem to get a pie to us in less than an hour. Tonight it was an hour and a half. The crust is like cardboard and the pie was lukewarm at best. Avoid at all costs.
