5	After munching on brunch delights at Bada Boom Pasta Room, my comrad had a splendid idea. "Let's hop on this trolley and see where it takes us!" Uhm, why not? So, we rode the trolley on its route, which included areas around downtown Scottsdale. It was fun, I'll admit. I never thought it would be, but you can sit in a comfortable air conditioning trolley car as it lurches to and fro. It does occasionally stop, with the driver confessing, "We'll be stopped here for 5 minutes, then be on our way again." I can't imagine what it'd like to drive the same route over and over and over again... But I'm sure you can have some fun talking with guests, who may be visiting Scottsdale and no little, if anything, about the place. I just love the idea of public transportation, especially if it's free. After riding for a little bit longer, my comrad and I hopped off at Cafe Carumba for some espresso. Then we took our drinks and walked the length of the Mondrian Hotel. We were drawn to the pool area, where it looked like a scene right out of a movie. Bronze beauties and muscular men all bathing in the pool. A DJ was playing music and misters offered reprieve from the summer heat. This was, after all, July in Scottsdale. I think you can easily make a day out of touring the area, especially when you can hop on and off the trolley. It's so easy! * * *Trolley Schedule: Every 10 minutes 7 Days a week 11:00 am to 9:00 pm No Trolley service on New Years Day, Memorial Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving or Christmas. The Scottsdale Trolley is free to ride, (drivers may not accept tips), and visits : Scottsdale Fashion Square Fifth Avenue Shops Marshall Way Arts District Main Street Arts District Old Town Waterfront SouthBridge Scottsdale Convention & Visitors' BureauTo see a map of all the routes and stops, click here:http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/trolley/downtown_route.asp
4	Pretty cool! Free trolley that runs every 15 minutes through Old Town. I probably makes other stops in Downtown but we only rode it around Old Town. It was a vintage, retro decor inside with wooden seats and gold poles. Reminds me of a carosel for some reason. Anyway, everything is free and there's no tip accepted. I can see it being a great GREAT transportation service for bar hopping in Old Town.
5	Have you had one too many drinks? It is a little too hot to walk down the block to the next spot? Do you live on the perimeter of Old Town and need a ride? If you answered yes to any of these questions then let me introduce you to the Downtown Scottsdale Trolley. It's FREE my friends. It's free, runs every 15 minutes, drives around the perimeter of Old Town and within the last year or so took over one of the Scottsdale Public Bus routes which means the route is now even larger! Chances are, if you live around, near or in Old Town, you can (and should) be using this free shuttle service! Where is a bus stop? Everywhere! Just look for the Trolley sign and wait for around 15 minutes. I can't promote this great mode of transportation that's not only free but fun to ride! I just wish it operated later in the night, but then taxi cabs might go out of business!
1	Great concept until you get some nasty trolley driver tailgating you. Don't know what the guy's problem was but he was up on our butt for well over a mile. I guess it was a slow night and he was bored and looking to entertain himself
5	Loved it.  The driver picked us up when we waved down the trolley - not at a regular stop.  We asked him to tell us about the town and he was awesome at pointing out historical things and good places to shop or eat.  This thing is free!  And the driver again dropped us off at a non-regular stop when we finally found our car.   This is a real treat and a free find...  a must-do when you're in Scottsdale.
