5	This is my favorite Coach store.  In the midst of being in such a ghetto, feet smelling mall lies this oasis of purse heaven!  This is one of the largest Coach Outlet stores I've been to.  They also seem to carry a lot of purses that I've never seen at the other outlet stores I've been to in both Vegas and in the bay area.If you are ever in Vegas, I highly reccomend taking a trip to this store!
5	Pleasantly surprised this set of outlets has its very own Coach store.  I love Coach outlets because I feel like I'm getting a deal, all the clearance items were an additional 50% off!  And this store even had shoes, what girl doesn't love shoes?  This store in particular is the biggest one I've ever been too.  I scored some sweet tennis shoes and a matching bag for $40 each!  I was so happy and to top it off the dog even got a beautiful collar so he too can be high falutin!
5	Great service, great bag at a bargain price. Go! Its worth your time if you want a Coach purse for around $100
4	I go to this outlet mall a lot and every time I come, I visit this Coach store. The staff are all very friendly and are always sure to greet you once you walk in. Even the managers are friendly, unlike most other stores. The last time I went I was helped out by some guy that had dreadlocks (he was such a fox!), I didn't end up buying anything, but I did walk away with a coupon!
5	I love this store! They have the best sales girls ever. Every time I come in they are so helpful..it don't hurt having a $300 diaper bag hanging on my stroller. They know I got it there!I have bought a few things here and have been very happy with all of them and I come to this store every chance I get.And my hubby knows to get me anything from this store & I am a VERY happy wife!Its a must visit if you love Coach!
5	Came here today to do some Xmas shopping. Walked in and they handed me a 20 % off coupon. Hooray!! And you can use it on sale items!! I found a super cute bag and they wrapped it up all pretty. I swear they have some of the nicest sales people working there!
4	I can never leave this place empty-handed. No matter how hard I try. I realize that they have those discount coupons for 20 and 30% at all times, but I always get suckered in. I love the variety at this store and I'm especially a fan of all the clearance merchandise that is available. It's very spacious and the staff are always eager to lend a helping. Sometimes too eager, if you catch my drift. But, they mean well.I hate having to come to this outlet center. The parking is almost always atrocious, even when it's not a holiday or weekend, but it's worth it when you need a coach purse. Yes, I said NEED. The last time I was there, I noticed they added an express checkout line for people with 3 or fewer items for purchase. This was a great idea to get the lines moving for faster customers. Definitely my favorite store in this mall. Pretty much the only reason I ever trek down to this place.
5	I love all purses coach and especially all things discounted and an additional 30% off when I go in.. I always walk out with savings of more then $ 300.00 and I love the variety .
5	Got the jacket I wanted for a great price, ended up getting a bunch of other stuff there too. Gabby helped me, she was friendly, sweet and a pleasure to be around. Thank you! and I'll be back next Vegas trip:)
4	This store has been newly renovated with the rest of the mall and it looks fabulous! The entrance is now on the outside (west side of the mall) next to Michael Kors.This is the first store I've seen with any significant amount of men's products, much less a separate section of the store just for laptop cases, wallets and whatever else Coach makes for dudes. The main area is spacious and pretty like Coach outlets should be. The only downside is that they do not carry agendas; I was hoping that with the store expansion, they'd expand their small leather goods, but no luck. Maybe I'm just stuck in the dark ages with other people who carry planners around with them. ):Employees were super helpful and nice yesterday, equipped with calculators to give you sale prices. It would be easier for them to just mark the sale prices on all the bags rather than leaving you to determine what a price is after a 40% clearance markdown and a 30% coupon, but I guess it's more exciting for customers to hear the word "discount" a lot.All in all, very nice and comparable to the store at the Premium Outlets.
4	So this Coach Outlet store looks pretty much like every Coach Outlet store in Vegas. Staff at the door, staff floating around, staff at the counter where the line is long on a Saturday afternoon. Good prices, great sales (especially on holiday weekends). Sign up for the email list and then you get additional savings in the mail. I only buy my Coach items at the outlet now. I've found you just have to watch on the quality of the product here. Make sure what you are taking home doesn't have any damage. I picked up something once that had been handled too much and looked dingy, the girl brought me one from the back so I was OK, but just keep your eyes peeled and don't hesitate to ask for one from the back when you make your purchase selection.The shopping complex has recently undergone a face-lift so it looks much better on the outside now. This Coach Outlet is on the front side of the shopping complex so you don't have to go inside the Mall to get to the Coach store, in fact, I don't think it can be accessed from the inside, so be sure not to miss it!
5	Now that they have moved to a bigger spot in the mall this place is better than ever. The selection has doubled. They now have a whole side just for men. They were having the usual 30% off sale and of course some items were marked down in addition to that. I scored an amazing powder pink hobo bag for $190! It is beautiful and ohhh sooo soft! It was nice going in there with an idea of what I wanted and finding exactly what I wanted. I love you Coach!! The customer service was top notch as usual.
2	Overcrowded and not even last years styles, more like styles from 2-3 years ago. Every purse here was really basic and not appealing. For me that is. I guess if you like simple and plain coach bags, this might be the place for you. Yes the prices are lower than the actual coach stores, however, they are still 100.00 to 200.00 per purse depending on what you choose. To me, that is not a big enough discount to warrant buying such boring purses. I guess you can call me cheap but I would rather pay less and have a stylish purse that might fall apart within a year or pay about a hundred dollars more (300.00) and go to a normal coach store and get a purse I love that apparently also is of a better quality. Not only that, this outlet store doesnt have nearly enough employees for the amount of people that visit here. If I had even had a question, there is no way I would have had it answered. It was weird because at the Coach store at Ceasars, the sales girl was a little too attentive and came off as fake. Yet, at the outlet store, the sale people could have cared less and seemed almost rude probably from being overworked and stressed out. Honestly, I was initially excited to visit here but walked out disappointed. This outlet store was not only an unpleasant shopping experience but it also didnt seem like a real great deal price wise to me. Yes, I cringe thinking about spending 300.00 at a real Coach store, however, it seems a little more worth it then still paying alot and buying something that I am really not that happy with at the Outlet all for the sake of having a Coach purse.
5	We went to Vegas over the holiday weekend and knew I wanted to stop at the Outlet mall.  Specifically, the Coach Outlet store.  Well, I scored big time that weekend ~ 30% off everything, PLUS 40% off clearance.  HELLO!  J told me to pace myself.  LOL  Like he's one to talk (ahem..Fossil..cough..). I walked in with a signature bag (which was still under warrenty), and walked out with my new bag and wallet.  Left the bag I came in with to get repaired.  Which by the way costs only $20.  Love my new bag and wallet!!  And my bank account loves me for getting 30% plus an additional 40% (both the bag and wallet were clearance items).  Thank goodness there is not a Coach Outlet store in Arizona.  However, that is soon going to change as I was told by the cashier there is one coming to the Anthem Outlets.  Not too sure how I feel about that yet.  LOL
5	Place was totally packed the last time I was here. Mom scored BIG with 30% off EVERYTHING.I think I know now why she and her friend preferred to hang out here all day than walking around Vegas strip in triple digit temperature.
5	man, i thought this place doubled as a club. there was a velvet rope and a line out the door... at 3 in the afternoon!!! then again, it was a couple weeks to christmas. i do have to greatly commend the dude that came out to give people updates on how long the line would be. he even brought out mints for everyone. that was cool. no pun intended. once i got in, i was amazed at the prices. pretty much a robbery i think. i had bought mama a Coach purse a couple years back from Macy's. you can only imagine how much that was at full retail. needless to say, i wish i had known about Coach outlets before.the store is set up very nice. the employees greet you the second you get in. they seem kind of pushy at first but they are not really. they offer assistance then when i told them i was still looking, they moved off. and when i did have questions, they were right there with smiles. that was pretty awesome considering it was holiday shopping season and crazy. this store was great. granted i ended up changing the purse i did purchase at another outlet in LA, i still enjoyed my time here. i also enjoyed getting a great deal. HIGHLY recommend!
3	They've expanded and grew this store from the last time I was here. It's amazing how much Vegas is always growing, and Coach is part of that process. Walk in and employees give you a 30% discount coupon off your purchase!There are lots of great finds for wallets, wristlets, purses, hobos, gloves, jackets, jewelry, shoes, scarves, and stuff for men too!Employees are very helpful and kind. But sometimes they watch you like an eagle and I feel that shouldn't be necessary since I'm an indecisive shopper! But I know you're just doing your job.Over the last few years, I've been a bit picky when I shop here. I end up walking out empty handed because I feel that the Coach Outlet Stores have dwindled in the quality of the material that they use for their merchandise. I have read in several articles that the company solely generates their products just for outlets and never to reach the department stores. But if that doesn't really matter for you, then go for it and shop here. Overall, I feel quality trumps quantity. (just sayin')
5	Wow, newly moved and upgraded!  The new store is prominently up front and includes a men's section.  The selection here was much better than the other outlet store.  Here I went crazy I scored a gorgeous blue leather purse, wallet, shoes, makeup bag and jewelry box but I had to show control, lol.  The service was wonderful, I was sad that I did not find a matching case for my iPad but that's ok I will keep searching.  Hands down the biggest nicest outlet I've been to.
3	Expect madness here.The staff is nice and helpful but the customers here make this place a miserable stop at the outlets.  Be prepared for long waits, crazy people fighting over the last purse, and lots of husbands standing around.  I think I'd rather save my money to buy a real Coach purse (not a FACTORY quality purse) at a real store cuz this place just isn't worth it.
5	This rating is for Andre, the ghetto fabulous male Coach associate who taught me the difference between patent leather, brushed leather, and the Coach signature fabric. I was in Vegas this past December and wanted to buy a few things and was in between deciding on a patent leather clutch and sparkly brushed leather clutch. Andre, the most helpful associate, came up to me and explained how to care for both and the longevity of each material. He even told me he would buy the patent leather clutch for his girl (which sealed the deal for me). I told him about a Coach Signature Fabric bad that I had at home, and asked him how to care for that as well. He said I could apply the fluid you use to wash your delicates (diluted with water) to get the stains out. Honestly, he is a wealth of resource all bottled up into one. The reason I write this review is because, still to this day 6 months later, I remember Andre everytime I look at my Coach bag. How many people can say they remember a store associate everytime they look at their purchase? Anyways, Andre, if you are out there, you are bombtastically awesome!
2	The selection was okay, and there were only a few customers in the store.  I was able to find a purse for my wife in no time flat.The BIG downside to this store was the staff.  They had absolutely no interest in helping customers and just stood around talking with each other.  They didn't even approach me until I stood at the register for about 10 minutes. I have had better service in a goodwill store.  If I was the manager, I probably would have fired the bunch of them.
5	i absolutely love this store!! i never leave without buying something! all of the associates are extremely friendly and so willing to help!... i will do all of my coach shopping here!!
5	I love this store, they give you a 30% discount coupon when you walk in.  The sales associates have calculators and assist you on the final price after all the discounts.  I bought a brown purse last week and used it for a week, I really didn't like it and wished I bought a bigger black purse.  They let me return the brown purse (with receipt) and I was able to get the purse I really wanted.It was an easy return/exchange.  All their staff is friendly and helpful, it's a very pleasant shopping experience at the Coach Outlet Store.
4	I'm starting to understand that a girlfriend's greatest thrill is when a Coach Factory outlet is nearby. Staying nearby along the Las Vegas Strip, naturally my girlfriend knew there were outlets nearby and that Coach is always a must if it's an outlet. To sum it up in a nutshell (or a paragraph), girlfriend enters door, greeted by a worker, given a 40% of coupon that is applied to the lowest ticketed price on a given product; girlfriend gets excited, finds four items, one big purse, 2 wallets, and one handbag, estimated suggested retail price: $700. Actual price: $300. She walked out with a big smile and hours later was proudly using one of her items already. Yes, it's largely targeting the female population, but it did have a section exclusively for men. Wallets, man purses, belts, little things like that were on sale. However, the clearance section for the women's section was much larger and the men's selection was much smaller so it's pretty much geared towards women as one would expect.Either way, the line was swift when paying and the 40% off coupon really saved a great amount of money. The workers were friendly and were equipped with calculators or their memory to tell you the actual price of the item you want.Worth checking out if you got some cash and want to get some nice stuff.
4	The staff is super helpful, polite, kind and everything you could want in an outlet store. I was there with a friend who was searching for the ultimate deal on coach products, and he was very pleased with the help. As the bargains float in and out, we did not find the deal of the century but all manner of deals were presented. Be sure to ask and these people will tell you where the good, better and best deals are to be found. Thanks Coach.
5	This location which is in the Premium Outlets South has a very nice selection. As usual, they have very helpful staff and considering it was so busy the day I was there (50% off bags and 65% clearance) you can bet the store was buzzing. But, I have to compliment the staff, they were on top of it, keeping the shelves clean and organized, helping customers checking for prices and helping with suggestions. Also, the cashier lines were moving fast. Good job to the team!! I walked away with like 4 items that day - 2 larger bags to fit my laptop, 2 smaller bags as regular purses.
1	I am a little worried about getting clobbered by cheap looking Coach bags from all sides for this.At the same time a bit giddy to give Coach its first 1 star review.I don't get it. I really don't. I love designer clothes as much if not more than the rest of the female population. I ooh, ahh, pet, purr, swoon over purses and shoes and will go through hell for a good deal or fabulous pair of heels.With that I do not get the Coach hype.Not at all, not one bit. They are not upperclass, though you will still pay a few hundred for kitchy, logo covered (yawn!!!), bland and lifeless handbags that everyone around you has as well.They make you stand in line to get in the damn store (not that I would want to) so that you think you are getting some kind of amazing deal.I get cheap, fun purses, but these are not. I get handmade, organic, buttery soft croc leather for thousands, but these are not.They are the not needed mainstream ho hum that I refuse to participate in.Find me at Saks, Neimans, Nordstrom or Loehman's looking for that breathtaking purse that someone must have overlooked waiting for me with a big red clearance tag on it.
5	Every single time I visit this store there is an awesome sale!  The employees here are so helpful and courteous.  I've never had a rude experience.   Since their sales are so wonderful,  you will have no problem asking them to figure out the sale price for any item.   Plus, my Coach purses are made so well!  It's nice to know that you are buying a quality product that will last!I will be back soon!
4	I always, always, always stop here in Vegas.  Great place to stock up on gifts for the quality minded in your life.  Note, the men's side has some great deals, don't just stick to the handbags!
5	This store is wonderful.  I have not had a bad experience here what so ever.  The employees are always helpful even to the rudest of tourist.  Don't get me started on how nasty they can be to a poor employee.  They handle it all with grace and a smile.  If you are looking for a particular item to match your purse, they will search high and low to find exactly what you are looking for or give you an alternative. If you shop Coach, this is the Outlet store to hit.
2	I don't know why I always decide to come into this store knowing I would never buy anything here.  Maybe it's the 50% off discount or the crowds of women inside the store.  Yet every time after I leave I always tell myself I'm never coming back.  I rarely find anything decent.  I am not a fan of canvas or nylon purses with the Coach pattern all over it.  For a second I almost forgot Coach(wayy back in the day) made classic leather handbags, the all leather ones I find never seem to impress me with neither style nor shape.  It's like hobos and old-lady style crossbody bags galore.  I know I shouldn't expect much though since it is a Coach FACTORY store, because the real retail Coach carries the Legacy line which are refined and stylish, but the price tag isn't worth it for me because at the end of the day I ask myself do I really want to carry Coach now?  After how devalued it's been?  Nah.  And I also do not enjoy being hounded by sales associates carrying around a calculator!
5	I love that they have 50% off sales. I will definitely come back again to catxh anothwr awesome sale
4	Coach is my brand. C is for  Coach. C is for Cindy! Haha, too much cheese. Anyways, I love going to the Coach store. So many pretty bags. I usually skip the front of the stores and head straight for the back. That's where all the big discounts are. Although it can be hard to find a bag I like since all the good ones get snatched up quickly. Sales associates are friendly and handy with a calculator. I like that they also provide gift wrap supplies. Ones of these days I'll splurge on some jewelry. Happy shopping!
1	WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN!!After buying a brand new $300 satchel not more than 4 months ago the color started to EXTREMELY FADE!!! After talking with the main company and the store manager I decided to bring it in for them to fix it. Or even exchange it. To my surprise I was not only told that there's nothing that they can do about the fading but they only offered me $80 store credit for another purchase. REMEMBER I PAID $300 FOR THIS BAG ONLY 4 MONTHS AGO!!!!  So much for COACH backing up there unconditional guarantee on there product. FOR ANYONE GOING TO BUY FROM THIS OUTLET...... DON'T!!!!!!  I will never buy from an outlet again. I never had any of these problems at a retail store. It's really sad cause all I ever buy is Coach products from Luggage to socks. And they lost a 10+ years and thousands ($$$$$$) of dollars customer over this...  Guess I am going to start buying from another brand. Sad really!!!
5	I love Coach, yes I'm a guy, but the quality of the products make it a worth while purchase.  On top of the quality we also have the benefit of having two outlets and Vegas, this location also housing the men's factory store!.I used to have to go online to browse products since most of the stores only have a tiny tiny table dedicated to men's, however this outlet has an entire store dedicated! The staff here is always friendly (sometimes too friendly, asking me every 5 min if I'm finding everything OK) and they always make sure I have the gift bags/boxes I need to give a presentable gift.The selection is constantly changing, which is good for window shopping, but not good if you expect that item to be there that you saw 2 months ago!
4	It all depends on when you go.We went over the Memorial Day weekend holiday, and there was an awesome selection PLUS an additional 50% your purchase.Found a new purse, wallet, and scarf, all for less than $200.  And we're talking about a big bag.  My friend got a purse, and wristlet for about $200.
1	Worst service at coach 5142 - manager Alex Sandoval had very bad service - extremely bad. I have bought 3 coach bags and he refused bluntly that he can't give the 3 shopping bags
5	After a long day of work what is the best thing to do? RETAIL THERAPY! I actually didn't plan on buying anything when I went to the outlet. I met up with a friend a decided to walk around a just look at all the pretty nice and beautiful things. We ended up stopping at Coach Outlet to take a look at the selection. We walked in and were greeted and ask if we were looking for anything and of course told them no.. Just wanted to walk around. It was right before 9 and they were closing soon. We looked at some bigger bags and wallets when I found some options with bows. I'm a sucker for bows. They wallet were around $200 and I wasn't ready to pay for that. We continued to look around and I found a wristlet with a bow and I couldn't say no!! It was adorable!! They only dilemma was what color to choose!!! I ended up getting the pink one as my picture will show. Inside it had slots for cards and its big enough for my phone and key. There were two ladies who helped me. The first was on the floor and her name was Mary I believe. She was really helpful. When I was standing in line I realized the was a spot on the wristlet I grab and she helped me change it out for another. The second person who help me was the one who rang me up. I have no idea what her name was but she was awesome. We got to talking about our jobs and the crazy awesome customers we get and she made my expierence worth it. They also were having a 50% off sale. So I got my pretty pink bow wristlet for under $40. So happy to get some needed retail therapy.. Might have to go back for the other colors. :)
5	Love coach it's my weakness lol!! Got 2 pairs of shoes & a purse ! They have great sales plus extra percent off all the time ... This mall is the best for your money & has wonderful choices & colors come check it out !! The ladies here are very helpful too...
4	mall is a indoor mall but currently under renovation but everything was open...shopped at this store last week, the service was excellent, i bought 3 purses and jewelry on saturday had 30% off and i also went to the other coach outlet on grand central pkwy both are really nice great service and both are priced the same just instore % off is different on certain days
5	It's my second visit here in as little over 2 weeks.  The employees are very friendly and the store is very clean.  My last visit here I got my lady an awesome purse and this time we are here for some sunglasses.  One interesting thing I like about this coach store is there is a section for men.  I got an awesome coach belt for Christmas.  You know how you get a gift and just marvel over it and not want to wear it.  That's how I feel about my coach belt.The store is pretty busy tonight seeing that it's a few days after Christmas.  You definitely have to check it out....even the fellas
3	Now that the "Crazy" Holiday Shopping is done, I hope you hire better mannered staff for the next season. Went there on Xmas Eve & I understand employees get stressed with all the madness, but 1 particular employee killed our shopping experience. The young Chinese (Asian) boy who was rude (not just to us, but to other shoppers) needs to have better customer service. Other shoppers would ask for a "new" item and he would just blare out, "There's nothing, that's all we have" and walk away. He did this to a few customers and we ended up getting the same treatment. We then found a ring on a table and asked again if we could get a new one and once again, "That's all we have, it's the last one" and walked away angrily mummering words. My wife wanted the ring, so I thought I had to purchase the display item, but to my surprise the KIND cashier told me she would get a new ring. With this being said, we decided to just get the ring and buy my wife's purse & wallet at Michael Kors. As goes the saying, "It only takes 1 bad apple..."
