3	I walked in here expecting to find another vintage store with marked-up merchandise. But I was pleasantly surprised to see a variety of cute things at very fair prices. I think this store has a lot of potential - like any vintage/ consignment shop, sometimes you leave with nothing, other times you leave with a lot! They also have apparel for men.According to their website, they will buy clothes for 30% of the retail price in cash. It's a nice option in addition to donating your stuff.Overall, I think it's a cute store... reasonable prices. Definitely worth dropping in from time to time.
4	This is a great store for vintage finds!! Whenever I'm in the 'Burgh, I make sure to stop by.  Admittedly, I haven't been there in awhile, but last time I found a killer 80's-style faux fur coat with maroon and green trim (don't ask..just accept that it's rockin') along with some boots, and some great jewelry.  NY has NOTHING on this place, which always has some finds.  I'm slightly lamenting the fact that I"m even writing it up because then everyone will know about a good thing...but then..hey, I always say the more the merrier..
4	Avalon is pretty much hit or miss and in my opinion it's the type of store you have to put a lot of time in between your visits to have a really good shopping experience. I was really into it about a year ago and wanted to go all the time but then I realized that, like H&M, the stuff is kind of the same unless you go two months later... but there are definitely hidden gems in Avalon you just have to take the time to browse. I wouldn't say it's as good as a Buffalo Exchange though... there seems to be more crap at Avalon that they put in which I can't see people ever buying and I think Buffalo is better at filtering out the unwanted goods, at the least the ones I've been to. However, for the Pittsburgh area Avalon is one of a kind and the only (good) thing like it.
4	Avalon Exchange is one of those great local stores that makes shopping in Squirrel Hill such a pleasure.  As others have said, sometimes you do have to hunt for what you want.  It isn't a vintage store, per se, but they do get vintage clothes and sometimes you can find a real gem.I went here recently with my brother Paul and my cousin Jack.  We're in a band together and as we were doing a Halloween gig, they were looking for costume ideas.  Avalon even bills itself as, "Your Halloween headquarters".  If you are dressing up for Halloween, this is a good place to look for a unique idea.Avalon is not a consignment shop.  You can bring your used items in and if they are interested, they'll pay you cash on the spot.  Or you can trade in used clothing.  Their website gives excellent tips for buying, selling and trading.I didn't buy anything this time, but I have bought really cute items here in the past and I've traded in clothes.  I bought a really cute denim jacket here a couple of months ago.  I've also bought some really darling vintage dresses here too.  I'm getting more and more into vintage and fair trade clothing because I think vintage clothes are much better made than those from sweatshops in China.  I especially like them when I'm playing with my band.
1	I can only speak for the Avalon that I frequented often in Oakland (currently its in Squirrel Hill after a relocation)I used to LOVE this place.  Love.  They had great choices and great mix of real vintage pieces vs newer used pieces.  I got an amazing Tahari dress for 10 bucks and have found awesome mix-and-match pieces...tops, blouses, dresses...and jewelry. THEN they moved...and dropped all their great mix of vintage clothes.  All they have now is a store filled with Abercrombie cast-offs and crappy L.E.I jeans.  The only good thing ive gotten in the past year from their has been a pair of jeans.  Crap I tell you. They just opened a new place out in Mt. Lebanon, but i have yet to go.  Seeing how the Squirrel hill place is run...im wondering if the drive is even worth it.
4	I almost always find a tshirt or two here. This place is very comparable to Buffalo Exchange or Crossroads that you'd find in other major cities, but slightly cheaper than those stores. One of my favorite thrift stores in the burgh.
4	Anytime I'm reviewing clothing stores I have to throw out there I'm a guy so I am purely reviewing the dudes section. I'm not a cross dresser, sorry. The men's section was pretty big. Maybe 2 rows that go 20-30 feet. This place had a good mix. Good assortment of t shirts, shoes, jackets, and long sleeve button downs. The prices were fair..around $7 for t shirts, jeans were around $18, and shoes were on average $20. I would say a fair assessment would be most of the stuff is 40% of what it would be new. They do tend to carry more teen fashion but not all. Some of my finds? Some Levi's 510 jeans, Merc rugby shirt, and some Blackcat Jordan V's.
4	Avalon is a "buy, sell, trade" store for used and vintage clothing, shoes, accessories.  It's mostly used contemporary clothing although there are some vintage things.  You can purchase items, sell your things (and they'll pay you in cash 30% of retail value), or trade in your things for store credit (45% of retail value) to use right away or later (I believe store credit expires in a year).I drop in a couple times a month or more, sometimes with a specific item(s) in mind that I'm looking for, and other times just to browse.  Usually I'm successful (meaning that I purchase something :p) and on good days I manage to get quite a good deal by trading in something(s) first and then using the store credit right away.  (Yesterday I traded in a pair of funky colorful flats and bought a green light jacket and black pointed flats... paid $11 something.)  There are clothes in the back of the store that are half price (red tag) and sometime in the summer (I wanna say mid July? for the Squirrel Hill Sidewalk Sale), they have a $1 "Dollar Days" sale.If you are thinking about selling or trading in your stuff, the best info/advice I can give is that they usually take name brand and unique/funky things... in great condition... and in season (fall/winter items now).
4	Certainly more expensive than, say, Salvation Army, but so worth the extra few bucks. I've gotten tons of professional clothing here, as well as dressier stuff to go out in. Of course, you have to hunt around for a while, but the clothes are generally in great shape, so I'm totally willing to pay $14 for a pair of tweed pants that I could easily drop $50 on at Express. They have a great selection of XS and S clothing, which is something I find to be lacking at most used clothing places. Also a good selection of shoes, jewelry, and accessories. Definitely a great place to shop if you're on a budget.
4	Avalon Exchange is a fun used clothing shop. Vintage and other ecletic pieces, but there were very many new items as well with tags still on (bisou bisou anyone?)  Prices were great - only $8-15 per piece. Used items were in great shape. Two thumbs up!
4	So they don't ALWAYS take your clothes... they're kind of picky and don't really have the BEST taste in fashion.  I've found some real gems here and I can't say I hate the place.  If you're low on cash, drop off some shoes, glasses, jewelry, and clothes.  You can make a quick buck.
4	Avalon Exchange consistently has a good selection of used clothing. it's a bit more expensive than goodwill or the salvation army, but you're stuck looking for needles in the hay stack so to speak-- they've done that work for you. they also buy clothes on the spot. and while they're picky about what they take, it's still a pretty easy way to make $20 (or you can take store credit instead of cash, which will give you a better return). overall, it's definitely worth checking out.
4	Avalon Exchange started off several years ago as a vintage clothing shop (which I'm more into) but kind of evolved into an exchange/buy/sell/trade sort of thing.  You'll find a lot more contemporary clothing here that you could just as easily find at Target, Macy's, Sak's, etc.  It can be a bit hit-or-miss but every so often you'll find a good vintage piece.  You have to realy dig through this store and you have to have a nose for bargains.That said, I came here today on my day off.  I was just meandering up and down Forbes Avenue on my own.  But I did find something in here.  See, I'd just taken over as supervisor at work and I did need a new blazer 'cos there are days when I've got to dress up a little.  Well I found this bee-yoo-tee-full Burberry blazer in my size and at a really great price!  How often does that happen?
2	Obnoxious
1	This place has even bought some of my stuff but I still just hate it. Granted, it's the only  convenient place in Pittsburgh I can really sell my vintage stuff but I just hate the people in there. They are rude rude rude. They do have some decent stuff on the racks but I've never bought anything in there. I'd rather just take their money and leave.
1	ok, can I give no stars? Given this is the ONLY place in and around the universities to sell clothing, I was stubborn and went back a couple of times to try to sell clothing.  All I got were snooty employees eyeing my clothing, and chucking what they don't want into a dusty, dirty corner.  Gross.  Also, what the do have to sell has gotten worse and worse.  Now its down to a few racks of grody sweaters, forever21 jeans (which they are charging essentially the same price as you get in the actual store) and one or two designer dresses for $130.  right.  yea. Oh, and the owner? Ever speak to him? I've never been called "sweetie" or "Honey" or "Little miss" so many times in my life by one person in 10mins.  Oh, and the snickering, the smug look...Yea, forget it.  I'd rather donate all my clothes to Goodwill than have them go through it again.  Not worth it at all.
4	Yes they are "picky" if you are selling. But really it just depends on how full their racks are, the season, what is selling (Cool jewerly, shoes are hot items).  If you are buying, you can't beat their deals on great stuff.  Designer, Anthropologie brands, JCrew, Banana Republic...cool stuff.  Definitely worth stopping and browsing!PS Don't act rude or impolite if they don't buy your stuff...too many times I've seen would-be-sellers throw fits and get attitudes.  Geesh, act out and you look like a jerk.  Instead smile (even if you are irked)and ask what they are buying at the moment.  They will appreciate it and maybe go home and raid your closets for the "hot" item of the moment.
4	Fantastic thrift shop.  Yes, you will have to weave through some hipsters, emo-goths and teens, but chances are good you'll get a great find.  The clothes and accessories are mostly new items, with a few vintage pieces sprinkled in.  For a small space, they have a lot to chose from; and because Avalon is picky with what they buy, you don't have to search through a bunch of crappy items for hours to get 1 gem.  Don't get me wrong, that kind of shopping has its own appeal, but when you want a deal quick, Avalon Exchange is your place.
3	avalon is worth a walk through every few months, but their mens section is pretty sad. i typically find that half the stuff is pretty bad, and the rest is too expensive for what it is.don't get me wrong, i've bought some cool stuff here, and also traded clothes in a few times - avalon is good, not great.overall i preferred the older oakland location - they had more merchandise, seemed to be more up on the trends, and the employees were way more friendly (which i guess means they acknowledged you).
3	Avalon used to be on my weekly rotation of thrift stores in Pittsburgh, until they jacked the prices up big time. I still really like their selection, and if you are not used to shopping at thrift stores, then it is a great introductory store, but it's not like a Goodwill or a Salvation Army. The selection is better, since they are choosey with the items they buy, but the prices are still outrageous for used clothing. I would understand if it were a higher end consignment place like severl shops on Ellsworth or out in Regent Square, but they still have a lot of items from the Gap, Forever 21, and other mall stores. Jewelry here is great, but don't except thrift store prices - a nice necklace generally runs about $12 - $20. They also have an awesome shoe section, and prices there are actually reasonable. Good store for college freshmen looking to expand her warddrobe, pick up a few interesting accessories, or if you are used to shopping at malls and want to change it up, but if you are a thrift store junkie - avoid.As far as selling your items goes, don't expect to cash in big time. It is a good alternative to giving them to the Goodwill if you want to make a few extra clams, and I mean literally a few. I don't really blame them for the way they pick items, if you want a quality selection, you have to be choosey. But I have not really noticed an increase in quality since the move to Squirrel HIll and have noticed a huge increase in price.
4	Uh oh! Someone's got their skinny jeans, converse, blue nail polish and disenchanted face on! You know what that means--they're getting ready to either go shopping at Avalon or dancing at brillobox (or, more likely, they're going shopping at Avalon for something to wear to a brillobox dance party). Welcome to PGH's hippest thrift store.* I tend to wander into Avalon aimlessly and usually end up leaving with something because: 1.       Their prices are really good. I found a Marc Jacob's skirt in mint condition for $33 one time. Srsly. I got a Lacoste dress that still makes me light-headed thinking about how adorable it is for $15 and my favorite cocktail ring was only $3.2.       I do my heavy lifting. The store isn't crammed full of things I simply can't resist: I spend an obnoxious amount of time digging through racks of fugly floral-print skinny jeans and hideous H & M rompers before I find a cute plaid tunic or members only jacket. If you want to find the buried treasure you have to dig.3.       Their accessories are tops. The counter is dotted with baskets overflowing with pins (I got an awesome James Dean one for fifty cents), jewelry (snagged a turquoise beaded bracelet for five bucks), headbands, scarves and every other kind of flair you can imagine. The wall as you walk in is lined with a bevy (I used the word "bevy" in a review!) of sweet shades.4.       They don't have a lot of competition. I don't know if the other vintage stores in the city signed some sort of non-compete agreement or what, but Avalon seems to have cornered the market on wearable used fashion. Like all thrift stores, sometimes you don't find anything, (although from what I can tell, my male friends seem to walk out empty-handed fairly often, so I think the dude selection could use some beefing up), but on the whole this store is definitely worth a visit if you've got a lazy Saturday afternoon with some time to kill. *Being hip is one thing (I'll let you decide if it's a good or bad thing), but for interesting vintage finds I like Eons in Shadyside, and for stuff that's plain old bizarre and dirt-cheap (we're talking like $1-$4 range) I head to the Goodwill in East Liberty.
4	I've since moved back home from living in Pittsburgh for 4 years, but I miss shopping at Avalon. I've been a fan since the "Oakland store" days (and, for the record, I LIKED the Oakland store much more for location purposes.)On the downside, the Squirrel Hill location could use more space, and the prices could definitely be lower, but I would honestly spend at least an hour in there browsing the selections. I always walked out with a full bag of stuff. The staff always seemed to have a good time, either goofing around or playing around with the clothes/accessories, most of the times that I was in the store. Of course there were some staff members that I encountered who were too hip to be friendly/social and wished they were bffs with Terry Richardson, but I don't let those people get to me. ;) I'm also a fan of the store mannequins in the front window.Now, if you're thinking about making profit off of your hand-me-downs FROM Avalon (or for any store, like Plato's, for example), don't have high expectations unless your items are very much in season and style (brand AND condition are important as well). From my own experiences with selling clothes that I was "sick of wearing," I rarely came out over $30-40 and got back 90% of the clothes I wanted to get rid of. There are other options out there to sell your clothes.
4	Avalon sells relatively high quality vintage clothes for reasonable prices. You're likely to find anything from paste-on mustaches and cheap aviators to brooks brothers' polos in good condition. The prices are higher than you might expect from a vintage store, but are about the same as what you'd pay on Ebay (even less for popular designers). I've found the staff to be helpful. If you're looking to sell something, I would try Ebay first. Avalon buyers don't pay market price and are extremely picky.
3	I liked the Avalon Exchange better back when it was located in Oakland, but the new location in Squirrel Hill isn't bad!  It's smaller, of course, but their selection is generally pretty good quality and they have a variety of sizes and styles.  However, I think it's a misnomer to call it a vintage store; there are a few vintage pieces here and there, but it's mostly modern pre-owned clothing.  Also, if I don't find clothes that I like, there are always shoes or some jewelry that catch my eye!My reason for the 3 star rating is that the staff tends to be pretty self-involved and pretentious, and unwilling to help you unless you're a hipster fashionista like them.  They also tend to be super picky about what clothing they'll actually exchange, so I never know what they'll take in of mine.
2	This place  reeks and they sell garbage. The only people I can see shopping in this dump are bohemian tree huggers who don't shower. The clothes are old and cruddy.
3	I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I was expecting something other than what it was. I guess this is Pittsburgh's equivalent to the Buffalo Exchange? They had awesome options for Halloween. Like tons and tons of clothing for Halloween costumes.  They also had a great selection of jackets. But, it was just sooo crowded on the day I went.  And also the prices were a bit meh for second-hand. Like a scarf--$12. A scarf that can probably be bought from a street vendor for $5.I was able to find a lovely lace dress, a boyfriend cardigan, and sheath dress, though. And the damage was around $50. So, not bad.
2	Expensive.  $8 for a shirt?  $12 for a skirt?  At those prices, you can buy something new, or go to Goodwill instead.As for selling, I can say that I've bought stuff from them to assemble a Halloween costume, but they wouldn't buy the same items back later.  Interesting.But I'll give it 2 stars instead of 1, because I don't agree with others' complaints about the staff.  When I went I didn't notice anyone particularly rude, and the girl who didn't buy my stuff back said "sorry" (in a nice way).
4	A great selection if you're in the mood to invest time looking and willing to pay a little more.
3	Going to Avalon always seems like a really great idea until I actually go. Don't get me wrong, this is hip and you can find some pretty cool stuff occasionally, but for me it's really hit or miss. Sometimes I have a really hard time understanding how they price their items. Once I picked our a tshirt that had holes in it and it was $14. As far as "thrift stores" go, I wouldn't exactly say its super thrifty, but I have gotten a few items priced lower than they would have originally been stores (AE jeans, Urban Outfitter top). Another thing I don't understand is how their buying process works. I've taken clothes here a few times to sell...and that process is also hit or miss. I've taken almost new, "in-style" clothes there and they didn't take anything, but then you look on the racks and they have clothes that look like they should belong to someone's Grandma. In conclusion, shopping here is definitely always a mixed bag, however any time I'm in Squirrel Hill I make sure I stop in just to see what they have. They also always have a very good selection of Halloween costumes in October.
1	go to Clothes Minded on Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield instead.  Forget about the trolls that work here and their crap-tastic pricing.
3	I've had very mixed experiences here, but if I were to make a blanket statement about Avalon I would say that it's the halfway point between a Salvation Army or a Goodwill and an Urban Outfitters or American Apparel. I know saying this is vague, however sometimes I have walked in and bought some of the best pieces of clothing I own (I bought these cut-off jean shorts there a few years ago- no judgements- and they'll still my favorite shorts to wear in the summer). However, many times I walk in and find almost all of the items overpriced and not very relevant for my taste. It's definitely a hip/hipster type of store, so bear that in mind before stopping in. But for those of us who have no shame in picking up a used pair of skinny jeans or tight blazer, you may (or may not) find exactly what you're looking for here. Definitely stop by sometime.
4	I had heard a lot about the Avalon Exchange so when I found myself in Squirrel Hill, I had to take a peek. They have a pretty good selection of clothing and accessories for the teens, 20s, 30s crowd, including designer and name brands. I saw quite a few pairs of cute shorts I wish I had the time to try on. The prices are more than good will, but this store is more of a specialty thrift shop than good will and has a better selection, so i expected to see higher prices. They also had a great selection of sunglasses which I could appreciate because I always seem to lose, scratch, or break mine so it's nice to know I can get stylish ones here on the cheap.
3	I used to come here a lot with my brother but I think I only bought one thing. Very fun to look around but the isle are so small that if it's a busy time I end up getting too annoyed to look. They have some really good deals but I've also seen some ripped/stained clothing. My brother tried to sell multiple items of clothing there before, all name brand and in good condition, but they barely bought any and then asked my brother to just give them the rest. I'm not sure what type of process they have on deciding what clothes to buy but it didn't seem worth it to lug all those boxes there. I still enjoy going during there sales and when it's not too busy.
1	MAKE SURE TO CHECK SHOE SIZES!  I found a pair of running shoes and decided to purchase, a few weeks later when I was back in Washington DC I went to put the shoes on and realized they are mismatched sizes.  BUYER BEWARE.  To Avalon's credit I called to check if they had the other mismatched pair - sadly it was sold in their $1 sale.  They did offer me credit if I have a receipt, but I live hundreds of miles away.  BUYER BEWARE!
3	I've always considered myself to be pretty hip--I'm 22 and I read Gawker, for God's sake!--but I'm not sure I'm hip enough for Avalon. It's my neighborhood consignment store and supplied a majority of my wardrobe in high school, but unless one of my friends is working there I always feel like I get weird looks from the clerks. But maybe I'm just painfully self-conscious about my own coolness level. They are definitely aiming for an ironic 70s-80s aesthetic, soseller beware unless your mom went toStudio 54 a lot in 1979 and wants to give all her stuff away--they do pick and choose donated clothes depending on the theme. It's pricey for consignment but is smaller and less daunting so you don't have to face sorting through racks and racks of clothing like you would at Goodwill, for example. They also always have a big shoe selection in a women's size 10, which is useful. This is a good place for beginning thrifters or those overly concerned with a "vintage" look, but I might stick with Goodwill or Red White and Blue.
3	If you're not a hipster douche bag, aka one of the employee's friends, then don't expect any kind of service. There was a really sweet employee awhile back, but I think they fired her because she smiled too much and was kind to ALL the customers.OK selection of clothing, but a little pricy for used H&M and Forever 21 brands.
3	It's a nice place to dig around and laugh at the clothes with a friend. I think it's overpriced for what it is though. I get it should be more expensive than goodwill, but I didn't want to pay $15 for a used shirt. Creative stuff in here, though.
3	I've been shopping and selling items at the Cleveland Avalon Exchange for the past few years, so I thought I'd pop in here and check it out while in Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, this one is pretty disappointing. The store is a lot smaller than the one in Cleveland, which is understandable since the cost of renting a store front is probably more pricy than in Cleveland! The reason why I'm disappointed is that the selection of clothes is very subpar. Most of the items here look extremely worn and non-trendy. They have many retro/80s inspired items, so I recommend checking this place out if you're preparing for a costume party or something!
2	In college, I loved looking through the racks here with friends on a rainy day.  It was like our own movie montage dress-up moment.  It's fun to browse, but beware that the clerks a bit snotty.Buying is another story.  The quality of the clothing has gone done over the years and it's more difficult to find high-end brands.  For the lower-end stuff, you can do better with the Macy's sale racks or at Goodwill.  The prices here are high all around in fact--you can do way better on the 70s/80s items at any nearly vintage shop in New York or on eBay or Etsy.
