4	Jessops stocks a full range of cameras for all you photography buffs. My dad is really into this kind of stuff and is always boring everyone with his latest 2309592riwefh Camera-Zilla with 1000000000x miles of zoomage. Dull. Boring. Party stopper.I also have friends who take pictures through branches of trees and of old apple cores then put them in black and white and add them to their predictable collection of professional photographs. Again it's pretty dull. It would be better for everyone if that tripod got shoved somewhere else.For people who are a little bit more interested in cameras than I am Jessops is pretty good, it's a well known store and they stock all the well known camera makes and you can also get cheaper run around cameras for those special Kodak moments in your life. The staff are always very helpful and no matter what kind of camera you need or what your budget is there's generally something for everyone here.
3	Great shop, needs to sell more kit for Video Cameras, lens mounts especially. The staff have all been supremely well trained in all the popular cameras but can't really give you any advice on anything that isn't in sold by them. I would recommend just buying stuff off the internet and only go here if you REALLY don't know what you're doing.
4	My grotesque, hideous, and miserly appearance does not lend itself well to the medium of film, and so I've never really taken much to the art of photos. There's also nothing more dull than being subjected to a neverending stream of Polaroids from someones tedious night out with their "wacky" mates, and so I tend to keep my lifetimes memories in my head, rather than resort to images of awkwardly posed, contrived snapshots where everyone is holding up a shot glass, and has demonic eyes. I'm not sure where this dislike of artificially produced images comes from. I do remember an incident when I was about 10, when I borrowed my brother's video camera and unearthed a somewhat disturbing recorded sequence which consisted solely of him waving his cock about, so perhaps it's all stemmed from that. Whatever the reason, I'm not the camera fetishist that Jessops are after, and am more than happy with the cracked and useless snapper on my phone. Their selection may be huge, their photo-geek staff may be knowledgeable, but it's not enough to swing it for me. Very good at what they do though, probably.
4	Only recently I have become a bit of a camera and photography fan - I've always had one of those small snapper cameras that you use on drunken nights out to take pictures of your mates hanging onto each other for support, which ironically enough I bought from Jessops back home.However, I have upgraded to a proper SLR, and my first port of call was here - the staff are professional, know thier stuff and are more than willing to give a friendly helping hand if you get a bit stuck.Thats the great thing about Jessops - it caters for all levels of photography, from beginners to professionals. It's the place to go for everything you need.
