4	This place isn't closed and it is great. Took my son here for their open gym time and my son had SO much fun. They have a ton of activities for kiddos (my son is 9mo and learning to stand/walk) and it has AC :) this may seem like an obvious thing but guess what? Parks and outdoor places aren't good right now...way too hot!  This will be our indoor park for the summer (and prolly longer since I have allergies!)
4	Finding indoor activities for toddlers is challenging in the heat of the AZ summer, but thanks to an invitation from my friend Jane B, I took my little one to check this place out this past weekend, and we had a blast!The location is not the most convenient for me, but even considering the 30 minute drive, it was worth it to get an hour of solid playtime for sure... and of course, my son slept great after class too!I loved the casual and extremely clean environment at Gymboree, and I also loved that there was plenty of time when we arrived to get settled and play on our own before the official class began.  The structured class was great as we went from activity to activity including climbing, sliding, jumping, singing, pushing bouncing, and bubbles too!  I also like that they break down each class by age, so all of the kids in the class we attended were close in age and activity level.We didn't join, but we do plan on dropping in for class again in the near future.  I also hear this is an excellent venue to host a party, so I'll keep that in mind for the future too.  Thanks Gymboree!
4	Finding indoor activities for toddlers is challenging in the heat of the AZ summer, but thanks to an invitation from my friend Jane B, I took my little one to check this place out this past weekend, and we had a blast!The location is not the most convenient for me, but even considering the 30 minute drive, it was worth it to get an hour of solid playtime for sure... and of course, my son slept great after class too!I loved the casual and extremely clean environment at Gymboree, and I also loved that there was plenty of time when we arrived to get settled and play on our own before the official class began.  The structured class was great as we went from activity to activity including climbing, sliding, jumping, singing, pushing bouncing, and bubbles too!  I also like that they break down each class by age, so all of the kids in the class we attended were close in age and activity level.We didn't join, but we do plan on dropping in for class again in the near future.  I also hear this is an excellent venue to host a party, so I'll keep that in mind for the future too.  Thanks Gymboree!
5	My son has been enrolled in classes at this location since he was 6 months old (20 months old at present). We love our classes and the open gym! He is a very active, busy guy and this is a great outlet for his energy. The staff are professional, very knowledgable about early childhood development, fun and loving. Honestly, they go out of their way to make each kid there feel special. My son wakes up talking about the staff and asking when we can go back! It is especially fantastic in the summer when it is too hot to go to the park. They change the set up on the gym floor every 2 weeks so there are constantly new activities. It is also a great resource for me as mom. I have meet some really nice people there and frequently meet others for play dates. It's a really good value for the price. I am so thankful that it is nearby!
4	Our family's been going there for several months. My children LOVE our teacher, Mr. Mike and he's honestly the reason I suck up spending an exorbitant amount each month for them to go there. He's kind, engaging, and talented. The monthly fee includes four classes and four open gym visits. The cost is $80 per month, per child, regardless of age. And that's where I have an issue. There's no way my crawler is getting $80 worth of activity, but again, Mr. Mike is worth it. The creativity aspect of each lesson is unmatched by any other toddler activity class. Gymboree configures the equipment each week to correspond with a story read at the beginning of class. For example, a story about camping would result in the equipment being rearranged as a forest, tent, river, etc. With the right teacher, this is worth the cost.
