4	The 4 stars are for the mechanics work. They do a really good job! I can't give this place 5 stars because the service at the desk is an extreme hit or miss. I've dealt with 2 different people inside the customer service area; 1 was really nice and helpful, 1 was the exact opposite. Maybe he was having a bad day, who knows, but I'd try them again simply because he's not the one handling my car :)
5	I have two ten year old Saturn's that are beginning to need regular service.   I have used several auto repair companies but S & S Tires has consistently done the job at a reasonable price.  One car had a typical Saturn high idle problem.  Unfortunately it was intermittent and can be caused by a number of failures.   It took three tries to fix it, but they did not give up or charge any additional labor.  I hope to have easy problems but it is good to know they can take care of the hard problems too.   They also sell tires.  They offer nitrogen filled tires and filled my portable tank with nitrogen so I can top off tires at home.  Two tires from Discount Tires had tread seperation.  Does not matter how good a price, I can't have tires coming apart at freeway speed.  Bought Michelin's from S & S to replace the defective cheaper tires.I agree with Maggie - the front desk guys could use a little customer service polish.  They act like mechanics instead of customer service reps.  As long as they fix my car, I can live with some rought edges.  S & S is my first choice for car maintenance.
5	I have never written a review, but I am so pleased with this place that I had to share.  It is so hard to find a good mechanic or car place you can trust. The service manager stayed late to look at my car because I could not get there earlier. They told me what it would cost to fix and what really did not need to be fixed right away. I was not charged for the time it took to look into the problem or diagnosing it.  Mark was great to work with and kept me informed the whole time. I really appreciate that they did not just try and throw parts at it and rather check it a couple times to make sure they got it right.
4	Back when I took my Civic there, they were a good place. Very helpful and got things done. But the only reason it couldn't be a 5 star is because it was kind of expensive for services. $39.99 for an oil change?
5	More than past two years I have had my Lexus serviced at this shop with no complaints.  They are very reliable and fair. Never performed any unnecessary work. Their service manager, Gary, is great guy. I recommend this place to all my friends.
3	I've only had one experience here and I will be back. Needed to replace a tire, they took care of me quickly and on time. They were great. Listen, anytime you are at the shop, it's probably a bad day. In this industry, good customer service is a must. S&S had it!
4	Awesome place
2	More flat tires thanks to my wonderful wife's driving skill. However, the service was nowhere near as good this time. I was helped by a different guy this time. I think is name was Rob (short and fat guy). He was rude and didn't really listen to me. I asked that they look at the tires and give me a quote. He took my car key, and instead of just looking at the tires, they took my car around back.... Without asking. Prior to bringing the tires in, the damage wasn't obvious. So, I asked if he would show me the hole. Rob was upset when I asked to see the damage to the tires. However, they brought the car back around, showed me, then walked away... Hey Rob, how bout that quote? Once I finally received the quote.. It was for two completely different tires. Either Rob is having bad day, should be fired or needs to hide in the garage away from customers.Thanks to him, I'll take my car elsewhere for this repair. Might be back someday. No, prolly not.
5	I came here after another place nearby was going to charge me $50 just to look at my tires and see if it was a tire problem or an alignment problem that I was having. They took my car back and showed me the huge bubble I had in the middle of the tread - yikes! I was really short on cash and could only get one tire replaced at the time, and unfortunately today the tread on my other front tire started separating. I brought my car in again and they were quick about popping on the new tire because I still had to go to work. I can't remember the name of the man who helped me both times (I'll have to check my receipt later and come back to edit this post), but he was very friendly and helpful, even early in the morning. They will definitely have my business again.
5	Buying tires is an expensive trip, these guys make it affordable and easy. James was great help all the way through. I had the tires I wanted so he called to the other store to pick them up for me. I had the car aligned there as well, got me on the rack and out in 1.5 hrs. Great job. Stay away from the Big Red Tire Place with a lot of windows as they only try to sell you tires they make bigger money on. Will bring the truck in next.
5	My wife and I haven't had the best of luck with flat tires since moving to Arizona last September.  Luckiky S and S is nearby and have fixed all three flats, most recently the one yesterday.  They've always done a great job and guarantee their work. Yesterday however they proved their integrity,  when I was getting out my vehicle I accidentally dropped and left money on my seat. I didn't realize it until i got in my car to leave and I immediately saw the rolled up bundle of money on my seat next to the center console. Wow!!! I thought , the technician drove my car to and from the garage area and the money was right where it had fallen out of my pocket (there's no way he could not have seen the money, it was that visible. Needless to say I immediately went back and told the staff what had happened and thanked them for hiring honest people. These types of things help to restore my faith in mankind . Great job S and S!!!!!!!!!
