2	I lived here for about a year.Pro: mostly quiet, car was never stolen (others were tho :/), the ladies in the office are nice, so are the maintenance guys.Cons: AC broke pretty much 2-3 times a month from feb-aug. They do not worry about getting to your apartment to fix it in time. Instead they think it's okay to have you wait 2-3 days to get it fixed. Doesn't really matter if you are on the 3rd floor or not. (1 time I had a maintenance guy come to fix it and I felt so bad bc he had to have been the only guy working in the middle of summer trying to get 10 acs fixed in one day. I had to offer the poor guy some water and a seat. [clearly understaffed]) Pet deposit is $400. Ridiculous, but most places have a ridiculous pet policy. My first day moving in both the patios were covered with shit from the previous' owners dog. They did not clean it, I did. Volleyball court is a joke...it's a giant cat box!Would not recommend unless you need someplace cheap and you don't have a pet.
3	Am on month 4.  Place is quiet and feels safe and the apartment was clean and in good condition.  I don't use the facilities so not sure about that.  Staff is nice & polite.   You can pay your rent online, although, they've outsourced that feature to another company. The bill is always wrong.  Sometimes it's off by as much as $400 making it useless.  The bill makes no sense.  You're charged one line item for sewer & water, and usually 2 or 3 more line items just for sewer.  You're charged a fee to have them bill you for each utility, as well as the actual utility bills themselves.It's an inexpensive place to live.  Lot's of stray cats which also means zero problem with rodents.  As Misty mentioned, forget the volleyball court with all the stray cats.Pay by check and don't use the outdoor amenities and you'll be fine.  Will probably be very difficult to find a better place at this price.
1	Horrible place to live. AC went out and they said they'd have it fixed within 3 days, 16 days later it was fianlly fixed and this happened in August!! Staff was inconsiderate except the older more experienced lady, she was great.People are allowed to leave their garbage outside their doors, which is smelly, and cats are always roaming around the courtyard.
