5	I was booked in here for business. The hotel is brand new, so everything is very nice. The people who work there are extremely friendly--real Southern hospitality. The room was spotless and large. WiFi is free and doesn't need a password! The bed was great, and the room is bright with the curtains pulled and pitch black with them closed. Except for the fact that I'd like more outlet in the room for the various electronic equipment I bring along, the Hyatt Place Charlotte is just about perfect.
4	The service here is friendly and attentive and somehow remembers who I am every time I stay here. The rooms are large, comfortable, and inexpensive. The TVs always have a bad picture no matter what Hyatt Place I am in, though. The Dallas location had the same annoying red static on the bottom of the screen that I have seen every time I get a room at this location. Not a big deal, however, as I don't go to Charlotte to watch TV.There is food downstairs but don't bother. There are plenty of places just a few minutes away in NoDa, South Park, Ballantyne, etc.
5	Surprisingly pleased with this specific Hyatt Place. Also if you cross reference it's known as Hyatt Place City Park- different from Hyatt Place Airport/Tyvola road- which is a stone's throw away...shrugs. In short it was way more than we expected for a 3 star hotel. The most important parts were the FANTASTIC customer service, spacious and efficient use of space in the rooms, and comfy mattresses and pillows. Check out their reviews on Tripadvisor as well.
5	It was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. The hotel is lovely and comfortable, the rooms are very large and laid-out very intelligently to allow guests to live and work in the room in comfort. There is a work desk and a large sofa and even a wet bar with refrigerator. The decoration throughout the hotel is very attractive. The fitness center is large with a nice variety of machines. The staff could not be better, everyone who works here is friendly and efficient and really helped us with our business and personal needs. The free breakfast is the best I have ever had at a hotel and the 24-hour menu is nice and not overly expensive. The Internet connection was fast and reliable. I could not have been more pleased.
3	This place is cheap and easy for a business trip or quick overnight, but it's definitely a bit dated in terms of carpet, etc. The hotel had a fridge and desk area, but no closet (aka no hangers for suits/dresses), and the neighboring room was so loud they kept me up til 3 am. The service was stellar, though, and the breakfast bar was open til 10, which is a plus. It would have been better if I'd had a closet, clean carpet, and some eggs for breakfast.
5	Only stayed here for a combined 7 hours.  4 of which were sleep.  Let me tell you, I want to stay in Hyatt's whenever I go to other cities.  My room had a corner couch, a humungous TV with a light-up remote so I don't end up hitting the SAP button when I want to change the channel, and a little bar with a faucet.  I don't know if it was the shock of seeing such a nice hotel after staying in the Holiday Inn, but this place was nice as ever.  I wish my apartment was this nice.
4	Decent hotel. I normally stay at a Hilton.Excellent service from the staff. Hotel is clean.Bed was comfortable.Shower pressure was good. No room service. They have a kitchen, but you have to go there and pick it up.Saves on the auto-gratuity and the high risk of cold food, but OK.Grounds were very clean.Did not use their Wi-Fi so cannot speak to that.
4	Enjoyed my stay.  Staff was friendly and helpful. Suites were clean and comfortable.
4	I've been to another Hyatt Place before, but that was another hotel that was bought out and being rebranded so it was nothing compared to this place.Not too far from the Charlotte airport, this Hyatt Place was quite nice.  This is a mostly suite hotel (I believe they have a very small amount of regular hotel rooms).  Our suite was HUGE  with a separate living area and bedroom area.  No door though, but because of the layout it was quite separate.  There was only one tv though put right in the middle and you could swivel to where you were, in the living area with the couch (with ottoman) or on the beds.  Clean, newer furnishings, a lovely lobby with a display case of pastries and cupcakes.  We did have some issues with the a/c in the room.  It's a hot humid day in Charlotte, but we actually had to SHUT OFF the a/c because it was just pumping cold into the room like crazy.  I guess you can say it worked TOO well.  Our rate had free breakfast included.  In the morning, they had milk, juices, coffee to drink.  There were egg sandwiches with cheese ham or bacon, and egg on one half of an english muffin, french toast, cold cereal options, oatmeal, bagels, toast, and grapefruit.  Needless to say, plenty of food.
5	Great hotel for under $100.  The rooms are huge and include a giant sectional and bathroom is separated with sink outside of toilet and shower.  Food downstairs is pretty good, and they do not ask for or include gratuity for purchases.  We bought snacks and wine and they sent us up to the room with real wine glasses.  We enjoyed our stopover and had a great night's sleep.  A good choice if you are stranded in Charlotte (like I once was) or if you get into town late.
4	Head's up: Hyatt check-in kiosks are gone. There are pretty ugly lines at peak check-in time.Hyatt Place is always my #1 choice when traveling. This location is a great example of why.The hotel is located in a decent area and is close to the mall, Whole Foods, and a bunch of other things. There's a sports bar-ish place just across the way (walking distance) that has all kinds of menu items and alcohol for angry stranded travelers. If you park your car at the hotel, you won't feel the need to look outside every ten minutes.Good to know: This hotel has an airport shuttle until 1:00 AM.The area and hotel are pretty quiet except for the 2:00-3:00 PM time when you'll hear a lot of door slamming. I'm not sure if it's from the staff or people eagerly checking in to sit on the golden sectional with faux leather ottoman!?The interior is the typical modern and clean Hyatt Place layout so are the rooms and bathrooms. Hyatt Place also adds in the self lowering toilet seat as one of those small touches that other hotels just overlook. Eh, not important, just a tidbit.Televisions have recently been changed at this location. If this is your first time at a Hyatt Place, be sure to bring an HDMI cable to connect the television to your computer. Every Hyatt Place has a input port for HDMI, RCA and an SD monitor output. I guess you could also do a powerpoint or slideshow in your room!The staff was great at this hotel and I have no complaints there.  Hyatt Place is also a great hotel choice because, unlike so many others, they're not in a great rush to kick you out ten minutes before check out time!
5	We elected to stay in Charlotte the night prior to our 6am departure and staying at the Hyatt Place was one of the best decisions we made on the entire trip.  We stayed at their sister hotel about 1/2 mile up the road the last time we were in town and I thought I booked our current stay at the same place.  Turns out I was wrong, but we were extremely pleased with EVERYTHING despite my mistake !!! We were welcomed by Scott who made it a point to have a smile on his face and service as his main objective offering a wake up call and arranging for a 4:30am shuttle to the airport.  When he found out that I would be returning our rental car that evening he offered to have the airport shuttle driver pick me up at the rental car depot.  This was a service I didn't even know existed. The room was very large and very modernMini fridge Huge 42" TVComfy beds (they offer 2 doubles or a King)Large living area with a Queen size pull-out sofa.Free wifiFree Airport shuttle Free hot/cold breakfastStarbucks coffee in the lobby.  Not a shop, but they serve it there.Snacks for sale in the lobbyBar for guests onlyExecutive center to print boarding passes etc.There were NO negatives.  We will stay here again.  As a matter of fact, we will make an effort to stay at Hyatt Place whenever possible.
5	After sleeping one night in the Phoenix airport after a cancelled flight and then spending the entire day in the Charlotte airport having flight after flight cancelled due to hurricane Arthur while trying to get to Europe for our honeymoon, we decided we had to just get a hotel room. Us Airways (boooo), gave us a voucher to get a 'discounted' room for the night due to the cancelled flights. Well, the room wasn't really discounted, come to find out that the regular price is 100$ a night, same as we paid, but regardless, it was worth every penny. The room was amazing, large with a separate sitting space. A shuttle picked us up and dropped us off at the airport. Upon checking in, we had mentioned that we were trying to get to Europe for our honeymoon and they comped us a bottle of wine... how awesome and thoughtful was that? Their breakfast buffet was good and had a lot of options. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone staying in this area. PS - they have a pool but... hurricane and all....PPS - they have 24 hour room service and all kinds of things to borrow if needed (including toiletries and yoga mats.. what?!?!).. I didn't use these things, but it's nice that it's available.
