1	They left the carpets soaked and even though I paid extra for pet treatment it still stunk like pet waste.  They also didn't put any material to block the moisture in the carpet from ruining the wood legs and bases of the furniture.
1	Worse company to hire. I have called to estimate that carpet for cleaning and carpet repair. Decided to so do the reapair. they qoute you a price and when yoiu want to schedule to have them come out they well charge you twice as much then what they have qted you. And to top it off they are not professinals at all 2 guys came to my house and they speak no english and the other guy just barely started. To top it of they patched up the whole us but they take a big patch in the cloest and tried to bend it but this little patch became so big. Their SUPERVISOR is no help at all. DO NOT HAVE THEM SERVICE YOUR HAOUSE. They are also going to tell you since i live in the NORTHWEST they advertise their company but they charges double becuase their officve is in the HENDERSON. Why advertise then. POOR SERVICE....
2	This was not a great carpet cleaning experience. I'm sure that there are better companies to go through, and I will be using them next time. We chose this company because it was recommended to us by our apartment complex. We called two days ahead of time, and were told someone would be there to clean the carpets between 12-5 on our chosen day. Sort of a big window, but whatever. On the day, we called around 2 to see if they had any idea when someone would be coming. We were told someone would be there by 4. At 4:05, with still not carpet people, we called again, and were told, it will be another 40 minutes. At 4:35, we received a call saying it would actually be another 45 minutes. At this point, we were getting pretty unhappy that we had sat around for the carpet cleaners all day, and they were not not even showing up in the 5 hour window we'd been given. We called the company back to complain, and the woman on the phone snapped at us that "it isn't even 5 yet" refused to consider giving us a discount, and basically said she didn't care that we would be relaying this information to our apartment complex. Around 5:45, the carpet people finally showed up. Two men came in, quickly assessed the place, and got to work. I will give one star to the man who actually cleaned the carpets. He worked hard, and did a great job. I have no complaints about him. His partner, on the other hand, was literally on the phone the entire time he was at our apartment, and besides briefly spraying the some kind of chemical out of a spray bottle here and there, he basically did nothing, and was not needed for the job. Maybe if those two guys split up, and worked separately, they could been on time. Apparently, two people were not necessary for the job. One other benefit was the price. It was $50 to do an entire two bedroom apartment. I will say it was a good price, and if you are on a super tight budget and can take the entire day to wait for these guys to show up, this might not be a bad choice for you. But overall, with the waiting, the overtly rude treatment on the phone, and watching one hard working guy who something tells me doesn't get paid as much as the dude who spent the whole time on the phone, I have to pass on this place for next time, and try someone else who is a little more professional.
1	I was VERY disappointed in the service I received from this company. I purchased a Groupon, $69 for 3 rooms and a hallway.  When they arrived, I asked that they clean only 2 rooms and no hallway, and treat one room where my cat peed on the carpet.  After charging me an extra $70 for "pet service," the crew rushed through the work and did a very half-hearted job.  Very little of the cat urine that I paid an extra $70 was actually gotten out of the carpet.Moreover, the quality of work overall was so poor that I ended up having to rent my own steam cleaner and re-do the same areas covered by Road Runner, by myself.  For example (and to demonstrate how poor quality the work by this company was), there were two very noticeable stains left by the workers in one of the rooms they supposedly "cleaned," stains that took me only ONE PASS with the cleaner I rented to clean out of the carpet. Also, the carpets in my house were left SOAKING wet; even in the dry Las Vegas climate, they took 2.5 days to dry (even using a fan!). The carpets were so wet that I had and have serious concerns about possible mold. This company made me feel that they did not care about my business, and that all they wanted to do was get every additional cent that they could out of me.  I most emphatically do NOT recommend using this company.
4	I bought a groupon a few months back and finally decided to make an appointment! I was a little scared considering the not so good yelp reviews but I had a good experience overall:) they showed up right on time and even called before coming. I had them do a extra cleaning since I have pets. The guys that came out were friendly and made sure I was happy before they left! I did however take one star away because of how fast they were...sometimes fast isn't always good and all the pet hair left behind. I will probably call them again to do my tile:)
1	Oh my God, talk about a NIGHTMARE. I usually have a policy of NEVER trusting Groupon but I needed a room in my house cleaned so I figured "hey, let's try a new company in town." Worst mistake of my LIFE! First of all, their crew showed up and tried the classic "bait and switch," telling me it would cost $100 more since my Groupon didn't cover "pet stains." Yeah, whatever, I needed the stink gone from the room so I just paid them. The workers seemed like they were in a hurry, finished their half-assed cleaning job in about 10 minutes, and didn't even COVER THEIR SHOES and tracked all over the house. To make matters worse, the smell and stains didn't come out and they left my carpets SOAKING WET. No, when I say SOAKING WET, I mean wet like a freaking swamp in my room. This was way wetter than normal. In Las Vegas, in a dry climate, with all the windows open and 3 fans blowing on the carpet 24/7, it took FOUR DAYS for my carpet to finally dry out. FOUR FREAKING DAYS! I have had carpets professionally cleaned before but these people are a complete joke. Save yourself the time and hassle and pay attention to the real reviewers on Yelp not the paid fake ones. We know what we are talking about. Roadrunner Carpet Care is HORRIBLE, do NOT waste your money!Oh, the room still stunk of pet stains and you could still see the yellow spots on the floor. I went and rented a Rug Doctor and after 45 minutes, I got the spots out myself. How much did it cost me? $24.99.
5	Paul and his crew did a fantastic job on our carpets.  We had numerous red pet stains from where our dogs threw up their food.  They were able to get all of the stains out.  There were a couple of old urine stains that didn't come up, but 2 other companies we had used previously failed to remove them also.  The carpets looked much better than they did on any previous cleaning experience.  They also cleaned our sectional sofa and recliners.  the carpets and furniture were completely dry with in 36 hours.I was very happy with their service and intend to use them again.
4	Didn't have any problems at all with the crew.  Showed up on time and did their thing.   Only 4 stars due to no one ever calling back when I was checking my appt time.
1	Couldn't have had a worse experience. I bought a LivingSocial voucher and attempted to schedule an appointment, but the woman on the phone was extremely rude, and they also only had an appointment more than a month out. Oh well, they overbooked because of the deal; it sucks, but it's understandable. However, she sounded like I was a jerk for buying a deal and didn't want to have anything to do with me.So, my house is a little bigger than that LivingSocial deal would cover, so I bought a different deal from Groupon a few weeks later when I saw it, figuring I could get the whole house done over two appointments. I went to schedule it today (about a month later) and realized it was from the same company, Roadrunner. When I called to schedule I mentioned that I already had an appointment with my LivingSocial voucher. I asked if it made sense to just do them at the same time, or if I couldn't use them for the same visit since they were both deals. The woman flat-out said they wouldn't accept the Groupon voucher at all -- ever. I said of course they would, I just couldn't use them the same day, but nowhere does it say on either terms that I couldn't buy a LivingSocial voucher and a Groupon voucher.She was extremely rude again (a month later! Must be standard), saying, "So you want us to do your whole house twice?!" I calmly explained that my house was bigger than one voucher would cover. She was incredulous and was trying to make me feel bad. Finally I just said, "OK, how about I try to get a refund for my Groupon, since you obviously don't want me to make this appointment?" I'm also going to try to get a refund for my LivingSocial voucher and merely go with a full-price service than EVER pay Roadrunner to clean my carpets.Just. Wow.
5	Bought a groupon from this company since our carpets needed some DEEP cleaning. Paul and Lauro arrived at the appointed time, were very courteous, explained what they were going to do and left our carpets looking SO much better! I would definitely recommended this company and especially these two hard workers to anyone in need of carpet cleaning/care!
5	My dog chewed up my carpet and they did an amazing job. You can't even tell that there was a patch of carpet missing. I also got my carpets cleaned and got a pet treatment. When I got home from work it smelled amazing. They did a Great job. Would most likely recommend it to anyone.
5	Love this company! They booked me the very next day and my carpets look brand new!! We had a pretty gross stain on the carpet in my guest room and now it looks like it was never even there!!! I would definitely hire them again! Extremely pleased with the outcome, professionalism and the price!
1	Do not use roadrunner carpet care.  They are running a bait and switch scam.  They will give you one price and when they come, they will say that your carpet has dirt in it and will require more money.  Stay away unless you want to waste your time and money.
1	They have the worst service ever.  They missed there first appointment and then when the finally came.  The would not perform the work they were contracted to do.    What a waste of time.
5	I found Roadrunner carpet care through living social. After buying my deal, I read the reviews on yelp and was more than a little nervous. But I have nothing but positive things to say about them. They scheduled my appointment within the week, sent out two knowledgable guys to clean the carpets, and left the carpets looking almost like new. The carpets took some time to dry but that was to be expected. Overall, they did a great job and I would highly recommend to anyone looking for professional, easy, carpet cleaning.
2	Bought a Groupon for a 3 room cleaning! The guys were nice when they showed up but as soon as I said no to their up sell of 50+ dollars (on top of what was paid on groupon) they seemed uninterested and wanted to get out of the house as soon as possible. Did a light brush over with their machine and were out in less than 15 minutes. The carpets look okay but the service was mediocre compared to experiences I've had with other carpet cleaning places.
5	I found this service through Groupon and I had no issues with my service. Paul and Lauro did a great job, Paul recommended  one room get a deep cleaning"which it needed". My carpets look great and I will be using their service again in the future.
1	I bought this deal from  Groupon. Really had a bad experience with the service. I was scheduled to get my carpet done so, we waited for them to come and I get a missed call from them saying they knocked on my door and no one was home (doorbell didn't ring at all ). That was bs, we were home the whole time. I asked if she can call them back since it's only been 7 minutes after my scheduled time and she said they already left and they can't come back and that I would have to pay rescheduling fee of  $25. I will not deal with them again.  They don't even try to work with you.
