1	I was very disappointed in the Fry's at 18420 North 19th Ave today while shopping. I ALWAYS go to this Fry's to get my groceries and NEVER have had problems like I had today. I went with my mother to help her get her groceries, well it is a good thing I did. While waiting in line,we noticed there was only two checkers that were open. There had to have been at least 10 people behind us in both lines. These people did not have small loads of groceries either, they were big. This poor guy behind my Mom had a small load and she let him go in front of her. She was being nice. Well they finally did open another line and a women just pushed her way in front of my Mom. I said to my Mom, how rude, the lady was out of ear shot. At any rate, when we got up to the checker, the lady who was bagging groceries just up and left, knowing full well how much groceries my mother had. The lady who was the checker could certainly not leave her post and go get someone to bag groceries. The lady who was the checker was doing her JOB. It was not her fault. So another checker was paging and paging for extra baggers and checkers. No one was listening to her page. Nobody came to help. There were other baggers on either side of us as well. Ultimately, I ended up bagging most of the groceries myself (of course my mother helped). My mother cannot lift heavy bags any more because of her heart so it is NICE when someone HELPS her bag them. I was very upset and disappointed today with the lack of customer service at Fry's. I have worked in retail before and have never treated anyone with that much disrespect in my life.
5	I've been coming to this Fry's store for over 25 years. True, I might go to Sunflower for something special in produce or Safeway if I have a special coupon and bigger savings than Frys', but 99% of my grocery shopping is done at this specific Fry's store. The prices are amazing and they even have 10% once a month for Seniors. You don't find that everywhere. Now they have on their website where you can choose coupons to print out or just add to your Fry's ID card number and when you buy the items, the cash register records your purchase and gives you the coupon discount right then and there, no physical coupon to turn over or carry in. What a fantastic way to save on printing coupons and remembering to take them. Their food, especially their steaks, are great and when on sale a great buy for your money.
5	I used to come to this store for food when I used to come and visit my son.  The prices are great!  Too bad they don't have the food chain here in Los Angeles.  However, they do have Fry's Electronics over here.
4	This is my neighborhood Fry's. I have been going to this location since I bought my house two years ago. They are always friendly and things are well stocked. Sometimes they items that are on clearance surprise me as it is an extra bonus, especially if you have a coupon for it. All in all, I have no complaints. Friendly, affordable, what more can you ask for?
4	They have remodeled this Fry's and I am pretty pleased with the outcome. This is still good value for your money, better so than Safeway or Bashas in my opinion.Don't get me wrong I do enjoy Winco and go there for a lot of the major bulk items I need, however when I need the basics I can always find what I am looking for at Fry's.I appreciate the customer service they have here, not overly pushy but when I need something like a custom butcher cut, rain check, or deli order they are very attentive.
2	Seriously bummed when we found our "neighborhood Fry's".  After moving North I was excited to see what the area Fry's would be like.  Well, it's not what I'm used to.  Not a big selection, seems narrow in the aisles and the customer service is just there.  I opt to go elsewhere these days unless they're running a helladeal on milk.  Not worth it.  (I'll drive to Tatum and Shea for the good stuff!)
4	I have been using this Fry's for over 4 years. They always have a large variety of goods. I signed up on their web site and sometimes get coupons mailed to me. The great thing is that the coupons are geared towards what I buy (I assume it is the VIP card). For the most part, the people that work here are pleasant and helpful. I always get a "hello" and a smile.
4	Fry's.Great prices and customer service.
1	From where I live in Phoenix, there are three Fry's that are about the same distance to my house. Today, I went to the Fry's at 19th Avenue and Union Hills and I was very disappointed. I know it's hot in Phoenix right now and being out in the sun is torture...but I don't know which is worse...people who REFUSE to return their shopping carts back to the cart corral, or the fact that the employees responsible for gathering them up aren't doing their jobs. When I drove in, the lot was full of shopping carts. I had to maneuver my car in between three just to park. And while I'm on that subject, the parking lot is filthy. There are bits of trash (I even stepped over a busted license plate holder) scattered everywhere, and the entrance into the store is a mess. On this particular day, they were also restocking shelves (at noon on a Sunday?) so the aisles were not only packed with customers but only employees wheeling gigantic carts. The store itself is also in disarray, and the grocery items were sometimes hard to find or they were out of what I needed. After I loaded my groceries into my car, (I actually returned MY cart to the now overflowing cart corral) I was backing out and swear I saw a drug deal go down as a man approached a car and something was exchanged. On top of that, they have some strange characters trolling this parking lot. I just didn't feel safe, appreciated or acknowledged at this store. It's a dump...and the store management doesn't seem to take any pride in improving the customer experience. Oh, well. I guess I have two Fry's stores to choose from now. Great prices, but not worth the frustration.
4	My wife and I have been shopping here for 29 years. We have seen it grow, renovated and change. The people there offer great service. The store has self checkouts, ample parking and reasonable prices. It' close by  so it's convenient. All in all it's your typical big chain grocery store but the wife & I like it.I don't know about you but I like to buy vegetables and fruits that are pretty, not rotten, and displayed nicely. Which this store does. This our go to place - they have 99% percent of what we're shopping for, 99% of the time. Their prices are good and store is clean... what more can you ask for in a grocery store? SERVICE:  The staff is always very pleasant. PRICE:  CONCLUSION: They offer reward points towards a discount for gas. Convenient do-it-yourself cashier system. The meat section looks good. We get coupons mailed to us with specials & discounts. There is a Chase bank in the store. Over all the store is nice, it's clean and has a large selection of goods. Basically the store has everything that my wife & I need and more. RETURN FACTOR 100%.       ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
5	I like this location, I enjoy the service here, and it's convenient to my location. It is pretty busy here. The parking is hectic and sometimes difficult to get in to but I still like it.
4	Frys is a staple in the Phoenix Metro Area .. This store has changed and always the best prices and incentives around.... Winco though not to far away dn offer gas points or the service Fry's offers....  Though not my favorite location never an issue with service or prices...
