2	Maybe it's because I have been spoiled through out my life, but this swap meet is horrible!! Growing up in SoCal, I have had some great swap experience! O.C. County Fair swap meet, and Santa Fe Springs Drive In swap meet were two of my favorites. Here at WestWind, this just seems to be and over sized ghetto yard sales! And the same stuff every hundred yards! Nothing here at all would want me to come back! I would understand if some of the junk sold here were worth anything, but the junk sold here is no ones treasure!! If someone knows of a decent swap meet! Please message me.
4	Now, now, let's not be so rough on this place. Actually, like any swap meet, the vibe changes depending on the weekend, time of year, and the folks there on that day. ---That's the best part. After all, this is working class stuff not the Scottsdale Mall. Here's some of what I saw there recently: Inexpensive (some new / some used) Tools, shoes, and clothing especially for kids, sports team and other hats, belts, wallets, old video games, laptops (if you want to take the gamble)  toiletries, perfumes (cheap knockoffs and knockoffs in original bottles). There are even half a dozen fruit and vegetable stands. You won't find a cheaper box of mangoes anywhere I know of (most of the prices are negotiable). There are chiles and spices and other southwestern edibles. There's usually a band or boombox playing Mexican Music, C&W, Rock or something lively. There's a couple of snack stands. It's only a couple bucks to get in and it's something to do on a nice day, even if you just walk around. Or here's an even better idea, instead of holding a local yard or garage sale load up the truck and head out to Glendale and share your no-longer-needed goods and have a little fun yourself. Just get there early.P.S. Though weary and weather-worn, it's also the last remaining drive-in movie venue in Phoenix, maybe all of Arizona (Scottsdale closed last year). Sadly, I have seen bulldozers circling like vultures on nearby corners lately Now's the time to take your S.O. or the kids at least one night to experience this piece of historic Americana before it disappears completely.
3	Everything from soup to nuts. Lots of interesting people and deals.  Long line to get in in the morning if you're selling.  Plan on a 90 minute wait regardless of what time you get there (prior to them opening that is).  It's well organized, the facilities are clean, general merchandise and some fresh veggies, etc.  Good central location at 55th ave 7 Bethany Home Road.  Give it a try!
2	This place is a little insane.  Just to get in the place took 10-15 minutes, waiting in our car to pay to get in.  Once in, parking was a madhouse.  The layout of the swap meet  is mind-boggling and it is very easy to get lost.  Several vendors had music blaring way too loudly and/or  were speaking through microphones at an ear splitting level.  It gave me a major headache.  I was surprised that they only had two food vendors and one was the movie theater concession stand,  The prices were horrible and the offerings were frankly pretty lame.  I settled for a crappy hot dog (can't remember the price) and a large soda which cost $3.75 with no refill.  This place could do so much better.  The only saving grace was that we found what we were looking for, including the best apple I have had in a long time.  I much prefer the swap meet on 40th street & Washington.  I won't be back to this swap meet unless I am desperate.
3	Big selection, lots of tools. Fun to walk around and just look.
