4	Pricey,but worth it in an emergncy.
4	Very kind and caring staff. . . Our dog began limping a bit on Christmas eve and by Christmas day we were very concerned that she was not putting any weight on the sore front paw. I was worried that there would be some sort of additional "fee" charged bc of the holiday / but there was not. We were there for three hours and fifteen minutes (but we know that they were very busy with a lot of other more urgent cases than ours.) We waited about 45 mins for a vet tech to come weigh Lady and check her vitals. They we saw the vet at about the 1 hour and 45 minute mark. We agreed to allow the vet to sedate Lady so she could shave her front paw and really get a better look at what was going on / she came back at the two hour and 45 minute mark to say that she suspected an abscess, but after trying to drain fluid out she found the swollen part just swollen flesh and no real pus to drain.All told, we were there for 3 hours and 15 mins, but I believe that is quite out of the ordinary wait time as they probably had given the holiday off to as many staffers as they could. We were grateful that the staff that was there was very kind and considerate (even gave me a nickle to get a snack out of the machine b/c I was five cents short.)
1	Will never come here again!My cat has cancer and was experiencing some new symptoms that needed possible ultrasounds. We came to this CVS location because it was after hours and the CVS I usually go to in Matthews wasn't going to have the ultrasound tech as soon as needed, so we drove 30 minutes in the opposite direction to this location in Huntersville.When we walked in around 10PM on a Friday, the place was packed to the brim. All the exam rooms were full and there were about 10 people in the lobby. Okay, so maybe that night we just had bad luck?No. Our greeting at the front desk was awful. The secretary didn't even make eye contact with us and acted like we were inconveniencing her. She was appalling and rude. We were told we would have to wait at least an hour because they were overly busy, which we understood. After a couple hours, we asked if we could just check our sick kitty into the ICU for the night and leave because we knew she needed overnight supervision.  Well, the secretary didn't even come relay the NO response to us.Luckily, not all of the staff were as dreadful as the secretary. But we ended up waiting over 5 hours (until 3:30AM), only to be told that they were admitting her into the ICU overnight and running tests (exactly as we requested before). I know the protocol was to have the doctor chat a moment in person before we left, but we felt that common sense wasn't being put to use at this facility.
1	I brought my dog to Dr Arnold for a initial exam for a torn CCL and to ensure he was ready for surgery. During the visit, Dr. Arnold agreed that it was a torn CCL and then we discussed which surgery to do. We agreed on a surgery and set a date for 3 days after the initial exam. I dropped my dog off at the hospital for his surgery and received a phone call about an hour later from Dr. Arnold. Basically, my dog has an infection and he recommended waiting to do the surgery until the infection was gone. I agreed with him but then was shocked with a $400 vet bill when I picked him up. I felt cheated because I thought the infection should have been something discovered in the initial exam to say he was ready for his surgery. I felt like I should get refunded the money which was only $132 after I was going to spend $3500 total. There reasoning was that it was only a consultation so the doctor didn't really put his hands on him to check him out. My argument to that is that if it is the first time you have ever seen a dog wouldn't you want to check him out thoroughly to make sure there will not be any complications during the surgery. They did agree to refund $40 of the $132 that I felt that they owed me. I have total confidence in Dr Arnold but will not use their services again due to the way they conduct business. There are plenty of great vets around that due surgery. Try somebody else.
5	Super qualified professionals who clearly "Get It" when it comes to diagnosing your pet's needs without the pressure of feeling like you are being taken to the cleaners as far as your wallet is concerned.  It isn't cheap but what vet is these days? This would be the first place I would return to in a pet emergency. Straightforward & knowledgeable professionals who have a genuine concern for their patients as well as their owners.  Keep it up ladies.
1	Beware of this place. We had a mini-dachshund that had a bleeding ulcer. Test after test after test they were still not sure what was wrong with this young 7 year old dog. Ultimately after about $3400 worth of tests they wanted to operate to see if there was something that they were missing. How much? Another $5000. Unfortunately he had already lost too much blood, so surgery was definitely too risky and they knew that. We would up bringing our pup to another vet for a second opinion and the fix was not as invasive or expensive as CVS. Please bring your animal somewhere else! They will make you go broke and play on your feelings. Very sad that there are people out there taking advantage of per owners. To add to this, we have had other friends and family members that have had similar experiences. So yourself and you pet a favor and don't go to these "specialists".
5	This place saved my pets live! Very friendly, caring, courteous and compassionate staff. Experienced vets. This is a great place for exotic pets. Visit Dr. Lauren Powers- she is the best in town and she is the one that saved my pets live (a Netherland Dwarf Bunny Cookie, who after two years is a happy healthy bunny). It was nothing short of a miracle for Cookie to survive a bad infection! Dr. Powers fussed over Cookie every day, called all her Doctor friends for expertize and kept me in the loop.I saw many customers very happy with the care in this place and many saved lives
5	brought our kitten here after a spay operation became infected.  Original vet sent me away saying 'it's just herpes'.  she spent the night on IV antibiotics but in the end, the infection was too much and we had to put her down.  Through the whole thing everyone was so kind and caring, informative and they listened to me - I cannot say enough about this practice - made one of the worst night/days of my life bearable with their compassion.
