4	This is a great, cheap place to get high quality paper, pens, pencils and a variety of cards for just about every occassion.  As I live in Marchmont during term time it's an excellent place to visit for friendly service and a new notebook.  The owner is very pleasant helped me out massively when I came in whilst he was closing up to get a last minute Mothers' Day card.  He also does a wide selection of wrapping paper which would suit for every event.  Marchmont Stationery offers a well stocked, local shop with a friendly atmosphere and very reasonable prices.
4	Marchmont Stationery does what it says on the tin and there are no prizes for guessing that stationery can be found here. There is a good selection of top quality pens, pencils and writing paper as well as envelopes.The shop is quite small and isn't as funky or modern as most stationery shops nowadays but it does the jobs and also has a good selection of birthday cards and gift wrap too.
4	There's, something very matter of fact about Marchmont Stationery - as you might expect, it's a local shop situated at the top of Marchmont Road that sells, well, stationery.  And pretty standard, practical stationary as well, such as ballpoint pens and envelopes and greetings cards depicting with watercolour pictures by local artists - no overpriced decorative notebooks with gilded covers here, or novelty desk organisers or bold contemporary designs such as you might find in somewhere like Paperchase.  No, Marchmont Stationery seems to hold the old fashioned ideal that everything it sells must be simple, useful and affordable.I have to confess that I quite like this, just as I also quite like the elderly proprietors who always offer you help and make small talk about the weather as you make your modest purchases.  I actually once found myself short of cash for what I was buying there, and the man insisted that I take it anyway since he was certain that I would come back with the money later- a charming instance of trust in our cold, cynical modern world.So, I have to say, I highly approve of Marchmont Stationery, mainly because it is so unpretentious and ordinary.
3	There aren't many independent stationers left, which is a shame. Marchmont Stationery bravely carries on the tradition.This is quite a simple, honest shop. Unlike the big names like Ryman's, you won't find a million types of paper, various printer ink, and every colour of every size of notebook you could hope for. Instead expect a modest selection of pens and paper, as well as wrapping paper and some nice greetings cards.To be honest this stationers is quite basic, and as much as I hate to admit it, there are some things I was looking for I just couldn't find here. This isn't really the fault of the owners, more just the demands of modern day stationers that are unfortunately dominated by one or two big corporations. However as long as there is something that I can get from an affordable, local shop like this, I will. To make the experience more appealing, the owners here are really lovely and chatty!
3	I stumbled across this stationery shop during one of those aimless walks down town. I was surprised at just how many postcards they stock. Other than that, they've got a good range of your typical stationery items. I personally don't get a kick from going into detail about pens, glue and paper, so I'll leave you to picture what they sell.The lady who was on duty was extremely friendly, and we had a nice chat before I left, empty handed! It's the reason I like the independent stores in Edinburgh, and Marchmont in particular; it's such a relaxed part of town.
