3	uber great location. very close to the convention center which is the reason I was in Phoenix. service was above average. no bed bugs.
4	Excellent service in a very good location.  Lot's of good dinning options in the area.
4	The Hyatt is a really nice hotel.  It's conveniently located close to the convention center and right across the street from the symphony hall.  There is a business center, gym, several ball rooms, as well as meetings rooms within the hotel.  There's also a cafe and bar/restuarant to feed and nourish your hungry and thirsty souls.The elevators are extremely fast almost too fast to stomach.  The view was really beautiful in my room on the 18th floor.What I didn't enjoy the whole weekend was the fact that the main light in my room was out the entire weekend.  I mentioned it the first night and they never came to change it out.
4	I loved this hotel...It was in the middle of everything AND there were 2 starbucks within walking distance!Also within walking distance was a hooters and a miniature shopping mall.  The gym here was really nice - everytime i went, no one was there.  i pretty much had the place to myself.The only thing that somewhat ruined my experience was this old ass asian guy lurking around the pool area.  He was such a pervert!  Everytime someone took off their towel or was baking on their chair, he'd take out his video camera and start recording.  I even called security on his nasty ass. unnghhh.
4	Great spot, right downtown to many places to eat at.  There is reaturant right outside the hotel that is not too shabby, you have to check our Alice Cooper's CoopersTown pub/rest - nice spot.
3	I give the majority of the staff five great big, juicy stars.  Some of them, eh, not so much.  Some people were willing to bend over backward to make sure our meeting was a huge success and every need was met.  Others, eh, not so much.The space is a bit dated (our room for meals was an old disco, and still feels far too close to its old cheesy hotel bar days to be completely ignored), but the sleeping rooms are fairly nice & the beds comfy.  Our breakout space was around the Garden Terrace, which, while not much to look at (a bunch of overflow chairs from the pool and a broken fountain featuring odd sculptures), all the rooms had windows, and natural light is GOLD when you're stuck in a hotel for days.Speaking of sculptures, they commissioned the same artist that the Monaco in SF used - hammered metal animals performing circus acrobat activities abound.The restaurant for the plebes - Networks is it?  Is not actually much of a restaurant.  It's a sports bar and they have a little bit of food, mostly wings.  Yummy crunchy spicy snacky things though.  Maybe they don't need to serve much food here since they have The Compass Room on the 24th floor.I give the space a wholehearted "meh" despite the stellar service.  Would I have a meeting here again?  Alas, yes.  The rates are good, it's spittin' distance to the convention center and the majority of the staff really did go above and beyond whenever they could.Also has an Einstein Brothers and UPS annex.  Handy.
3	This is probably one of the older Hyatts, but the inside feels like the outside with a/c.  The inside has the same colors of the desert, from the lobby to the rooms you are in the desert, but inside????  Go figure???  Rooms are better than average for a normal hotel, but this is the Hyatt Regency for crying out loud.  Luckily i just stay here for work.    Its got a small workout room with like 10 or 12 cardio machines with tvs, one set of free weights and one cable machine.  The pool is pretty nice and the also have a spa.  Always have decent service here.
2	Beware:  The photos online are much better than reality.  Compared to the perfectly lit hotel shots, it was as if I were wearing a set of tinted glasses when I actually saw it with my own 2 eyes. The hotel entrance is grand with art sculptures but gave the impression it had seen its heyday in the early 80s. The furniture & decor were in muted tones of coppery brown.  It all seemed very blah.I zipped up to the 16th floor in a speedy glass elevator and on my way to the room, appreciated a spectacular view of Chase Field and surrounding area below.Downside-Free WiFi is only on the first floor-Water bottles in the room are $6-The pool had ample lounge seating for the sun worshippers but was only 3 ft deep.  The entire configuration of the pool was awkward at best and discouraged any lap swimming.  -Elevators are small and seem smaller when riding with people don't have a sense of personal space boundariesUpside-Pristine white down comforters and luxurious pillows made me feel like I was sleeping on a puffy cloud-Location is walking distance to the mall, US Airways Center, starbucks, Matt's Restaurant (see review on Matt's) and a few nightspots -There's a decent hotel restaurant with spacious outdoor seating and a bagel shop on the premises-Even on a busy Friday night, I was able to locate street parking that saved me $10, had I parked in a public garage-Check out is noon but the hotel graciously gave us an additional hour to check out since my friend's conference ended at noonOverall, I wouldn't stay here if I had a choice.  I only ended up here b/c I was crashing my friend's last conference night in the hotel and it made it easier for us to do hang out in Phx that night.
3	For a Hyatt at a major downtown city (one of the 10 largest cities in the country now), this tries to keep up with its better known sisters, but somehow comes up a little short for a Hyatt. Its best feature is that is smack dab downtown. Across the street from the Convention center; a block away from the US Air Center (Phoenix Suns Basketball Arena) and 4 blocks away from the Chase Stadium (Diamonback Baseball Stadium), a block from the Arizona Republic paper, and several high rise bank labelled office buildings, But it seems a bit tired; the dramatic lobby in most Hyatt's is lacking here; the service is average; the parking is across the street (but self park is only $10/day with valet $23/day); The rooms are fairly typical size for Hyatt, but they charge for Internet ($10), the decor is strangely faux distressed art deco furniture mixed with contemporary curtains and carpet; and the beautiful stamped metal armoire is a nice art piece, but functionally it fails, as the older Tube TV can't swivel to be seen in the king size bed, and the only dresser is 4 open shelves hidden behind 2 armoire doors under the TV. There is a lounge chair an ottoman in Nogahide (how many Noga's did it take to make that full hide chair?).The AC is good and adjustable (a must in PHX in the summer!), There are 5 glass elevators that are pretty fast, and they are accessible (for the disabled) with braille and floor announcements. This doesn't have all the nice little amenities that are de riguer for business traveller hotels, like water, micro, frig, suite, etc. And for a Hyatt, there were no bathrobes or even luxurious towels. But I got a great summer conference rate under $100, and the location is good, although even though downtown Phoenix has grown up a lot, it is still pretty dead in the evenings in the summer when there are no sports teams in town.
2	Dear Hyatt--It's time . Phoenix is becoming , or at least trying to become a big city and you need to seriously consider some upgrades. You are looking dated and tired. I suggest getting inspired and moving into the now. Here are a few suggestions :Go up to the eighth floor look out onto the atrium look at the tile and carpet It's hodge podge  , stained and worn out. Ick! Remodel to  a  contemporary look that embraces the southwest feel. Do something bout the curtains in the suites they look  faded and have strings hanging from the hardware.Scrape off the popcorn ceilings and clean the other ceilings , I can see dust hanging in places. Show off your elevators with flair and panache. Love and Kisses ,me
4	Location, location, location! This was a perfect spot, right downtown, within walking distance of everything! My wheelchair accessible room was well designed and the staff was very nice. I was looking for something to do on a Saturday night and the concierge hooked me up with free tickets to a Mercury game.
3	Decent hotel spot, but nothing more than that. Could use some upgrade attention. 2.6 starsCost to worth it rating: 3 (got a package with a flight on expedia)Highlights:- Location: right downtown by the ballpark and a few restaurants- Bars and restaurants on premise: they are just ok but at least available if you want something easy- Southwestern benedict: delicious concoction with poached egg, guacamole, fried tomato, on top of a biscuit and covered in a chili hollandaise. A classic gone spicy--loved it! We had it on the 2nd floor cafe, but you can get it for room service as well.- Comfy bed     - Glass elevator: kinda fun especially for kids- Flight check I'm computer: at the front desk so you can print out your boarding passesMidlights:- Random sculpture art: acrobatic bunnies and small headed big men and such all around Lowlights:- Pool: small and weak, only 3 ft within the entire thing, area surrounding pool not very pleasant. Also drink menus on each table but no drink service--kind of odd.- Business center: only for people on the 7th floor- Wireless: available but fee per 24 hrs- Outdated look to the place - Not sure if it was just cause of the music conference, but the hotel as a whole smelled like pot Not much to say about it but it was where our friends were staying. Next visit, I'll probably stay elsewhere.
3	We stayed here for night in June.What we liked:- The desk people were really professional and courteous. Made us feel welcomed. They even quoted the request I made for a high floor on my Internet reservation (on the Hyatt website). - Room was comfortable and clean.- Enjoyed the Networks Bar and Grill. Good service from the young bartenders. It's a little better than a typical hotel bar because it is on a corner and has an entrance from  the street. The place was a bit lively when people came in after the Diamondbacks game. It also a place to get some regular-sized food at a reasonable prices after our visit to the Compass Restaurant at the top of the hotel (see the next section for more info about that). - The wireless Internet was fast.  Be aware the charge is $12.29 per day per device (that's $12.29 for each wireless device you connect).What we didn't like:- The Compass Restaurant. We went up there to enjoy the view from the revolving restaurant.  They run it as a classy place. Beware: Small portions, BIG prices. Yes, they provided very attentive service here and I tipped them for it.  We got more food later at the Networks Bar and Grill downstairs.  NOTE: The menu they now have online is not the same as the menu he had that night. The menu now online looks more reasonable. It has appetizers and full entrees. The menu we had was a more expensive five course menu.- The pool is only 3 feet deep!  It's 3 feet deep its entire length. Our daughter was disappointed when she went in it. That was one reason we only stayed one night there (had a great time at the Arizona Biltmore the following night).- Had to wait more than an hour for the free breakfast.  They had some kind of service meltdown that morning. The juevos rancheros breakfast was excellent when it finally arrived. - The parking garage is across the street.  You have to carry or cart your stuff across a street. No biggie for us but be aware. It is parking that you have to pay for.
3	A solid hotel, but nothing to rave about. I have stayed here a few times; it's not a bad hotel, let's get that out, I enjoyed staying at this hotel, but it doesn't rise to the level of a westin, or even the sheraton down the street (sheraton as a chain, is hit or miss, btw), but when you compare with other local hotels nearby, it's in the middle. On a side note, it's in the middle of town, a short walk from everything, and a quick ride to Tempe or Scottsdale.  The local restaurant scene isn't that big, compared to seattle, but like a good reduction, what's there, is wonderful eats.  A few good places, featured on the Food Network. All in all, it's a good location for business travel, no nonsense, soild hotel.  If you like Hyatt, then this is another winner.  If you like hip, this isn't the place for you.
2	Although there's nothing technically wrong with the hotel, the $13/day they charge for internet access is criminal.  Here's a tip: you can get 90 minutes of free access by requesting a code from the Networks bar downstairs.  I wish I would have learned that ahead of time.
1	Buzzzzzzz in my room all night long coming from the vents. Creepy clicking speaker in the ceiling. Construction noises like a drill sting during the day. I can hear my neighbors talk. Avoid at all cost.
3	This place was a nice hotel.  It wasn't as nice as the Hyatt in Albuquerque, but that's not a knock at all.  The atrium was nice, and the location was great.  Everything was close by.  I got it for $60 through Priceline, so the price was solid.  Again, I was given a high floor, which was very nice.  Phoenix has an amazing skyline, and it was really nice to have it.  My only real complaint with the hotel is that the elevators sucked.  They had 5 elevators - but it seemed like only 1 was working at a time.  Everytime I needed one, it was at least a 3 minute wait (not long, but come on - 5 elevators at non busy times!).
3	Phew, this place is expensive.  Also, I don't understand why a 2 Queen bed is cheaper than 1 Queen or King bed room?  When we arrived, the garage for this hotel's parking had a sign for being "temporarily full" so we valeted our entire stay (just the weekend) for twice as much.  Gah.  The lobby had the most amazing decor and our room was beautiful (but had thin walls) with a decent view of downtown.  The hotel was in close proximity to restaurants, the US Air Center, Chase Field, public transportation, the Symphony Hall, the Convention Center...so location-wise, it's great.We had a mishap at the jacuzzi in the form of about 10 little kids and their parents with the kids going crazy jumping back and forth between the jacuzzi and the pool.  To add to that, the jacuzzi wasn't even that warm.That isn't to say that this isn't a great hotel, they have a computer dedicated to printing out your boarding passes so that is helpful if you came without a computer.  (Which we deliberately did because of their crazy internet charges...we also used my boyfriend's smart phone to get around that).  If you need a rental car, they have an Enterprise IN the hotel, but you have to book early (we learned that the hard way).Would stay there again :)  If not just to get points for your frequent flier miles program (don't forget to do that if you can!)
4	I grew up in Phoenix. I am NOT an out of town visitor. I did not actually sleep at this hotel, but I did show an out of town friend the elevator view. My friend made it all the way to the top before I discovered he doesn't like elevators. Obviously he's not a complainer. Poor guy. But the view is nice & the ride is fast & smooth. It was fun for me at least.We made our way to the 2nd floor & looked at the statues scattered around posed doing trapeze tricks. They're like the ones outside the Herberger. These are taller & have animal heads though.I'd like to comment on Deb L's review. She'd like for the Hyatt to "Remodel to a contemporary look that embraces the southwest feel." Omg, NO! I've always thought of his downtown hotel as kind of swanky. I've been to the Compass Restaurant. Any cheesy Southwest decor would make this place revolting. I'm so tired of the overly used fake cowboy motif. Thank you Hyatt for trying to keep Phoenix at least semi-classy.
3	The hotel itself is nice.  Large rooms with a great lobby right in the middle of downtown.  The staff was professional and friendly.  They have some the best valets I've encountered.  All were ready to help and just truly nice (even while working outside in the heat)!  I wish I could give 2.5 stars....for the hotel chain corporate mentality.  No receipt copies provided.  You have to go to the front desk to pick up; however, if you are running to and from meetings and can't wait (like me) you end up thinking...oh I will just request for one by phone or online.  Bad mistake.  First off I guess to many litigations (divorce driven? ) have caused Hyatt to rethink how they issue hotel guest copy receipts.  I can't get them fax over to me by talking to someone at the hotel I actually stayed.  Now, I have to talk to someone in corporate and to get a copy, I have to sign a release form to make the request.Weird.  I guess I will just have to add to Paris' trust fund....
5	Over the years, I've stayed in the rooms here, I've had dinner at the Compass Room at the top of the hotel, and I even had my wedding here. I've always been happy with the service. They especially did a great job with catering for my wedding. Thanks!
3	Have a tradeshow in Phoenix? Then stay here or the Sheraton down the street but this place is closer. If you're in Pheonix for ANY other reason than a tradeshow, then stay elsewhere, like a hotel in Scottsdale. The thing is, its located in an area that doesn't have much going on, unless you're going to see a baseball or basketball game. No decent shopping, activities, restaurants, grocery stores, spa... you get the picture. The hotel recently went through major renovation in 2008 and its nice, clean, modern, friendly service, gym, small pool and again, its right across the street from the convention center. Other than that, there are five restaurants/bars outside of the hotel that you can walk to. The gym might be the best part, the machines are new, the hotel provides workout towels, ice cold hand towels, water, headphones and each machine has its own built in tv.    If you reserve a business package then you're staying on the 7th floor. Internet is $13 per day. Each room has a plasma, hair dryer, no fridge, no mini bar, there is a lock box and iron. There hotel itself has a gift store, rotating restaurant on the top floor, sports bar downstairs and a bagel shop. Overall a decent place to stay, but I have no desire to voluntarily visit Phoenix again.
3	The lobby of this hotel gets my vote for creativity, art, colorfulness.  Fun sculpture adorns the lobby; an oversized rabbit hanging from a balcony, and a swinging trapeze artist fills the open space above the main lobby. it's laugh provoking.The rooftop restaurant/lounge revolves to give you a great view of the Phoenix surrounds. They are open later for drinks and twinkling lights. only.The fact that they have spotty wireless reception in the lobby gets a -2 stars, and 2 stars for the fact that you have to pay $5 for 30 minutes to use their computer.  The rooms are the nicely appointed updated rooms that you would expect in a Hyatt. The pool is nice, with lots of lined up lounge chairs.   The pool is designed with many stairs entering the pool to create sitting areas--perfect!  Who goes to these pools to really "swim", but if you do it is long enough to do a lazy lap. The pool area has some cacti and sculpture among the greenery.  Einsteins in the lobby gives you a quick cheap option for breakfast or a snack.
3	Disclaimer, I stayed here for work so had I paid for the room, my comments my skew a bit more negatively. We held a 200 person conference here in July that I initially conducted the site visit for. I was overwhelming in favor of the Sheraton down the street because it is GORGEOUS, but alas, they did not have our dates available. This was easily our second choice, and did a very nice job of accommodating us. It's a fairly nice and clean hotel, just really not my style. Service was very strange- wonderfully thoughtful and thorough at times, a bit lacking others. For example we had arranged for a painting activity that was cleared by the hotel staff prior to our arrival. Upon finding out about the activity, another staff member freaked out and let us refuse to potentially ruin his new carpets. He brought us to a thoughtful solution eventually (they set up an area for us in the tiled foyer), but it would have been very nice had he not freaked out and switched into attack mode for those few moments that he had.  We also had staff freak out over a (VERY) difficult guest of ours who may have lied about a few things. Again, the staff ended up being very gracious with a solution (they offered the bastard 30,000 Hyatt Points!) but had stormed off visibly angry from the original confrontation. I was VERY impressed with the service from the catering manager, thought. She was very on-point and service-oriented throughout our week's stay!Might I warn, downtown Phoenix is not the most happening of places. You are sure to run into a handful of homeless people wandering around. I've stayed in downtown Phoenix a few times and haven't yet been confronted by any of them, however. The hotel's bar in the lobby (can't remember the name) is a nice distraction with GREAT prices for a hotel bar. Friendly bartenders, and I really enjoyed the cajun fish sandwich as well!
4	I stayed here for a conference in January this year and the initial site visit last February. While I liked the previous decor with the bunny/people statues, the new, modern stuff is fun too. We had basically the entire hotel booked for our conference and the staff was very accommodating in meeting our needs. Rooms were comfortable enough to sleep 4/room but I didn't get much sleep until after the conference was over. This conference was the first time I was behind the scenes and I felt some of the prices were outrageous - internet in our conference headquarters was so expensive, we only had 3 laptops with internet and it was a fight based on deadlines and needs. A group needed a polycom for a conference call and they wanted to charge us a crazy amount for that as well. For the dining side, catering and food was great! Staff serving us during meals was all very nice and it was great working with them. Bar downstairs is great to relax post-conference as well! Location was convenient for the places we needed to go, except for the late night printer ink runs my friends had to make. Great weather in January, would love to hike again at Papago or visit Camelback next time.
3	A lot of people might say my review on this hotel probably doesn't count, because I stayed for only one night. But I just thought I would give my 2 cents.The valet worker that I encountered was really friendly.  I feel bad for them because they have to stay out in the Phoenix heat!  LOLI stayed on 3rd floor in a corner room and it sucked! We had no view, but the pool! I was sooo disappointed! We tried asking for a another room with a view since this was my first trip to Phoenix but they were all out. =(The bathrooms were really small and seemed outdated.
4	we stayed here on our complimentary hyatt nights.the hyatt regency phoenix was a very nice hotel. when we pulled up to the entrance, the valet were very helpful on where to park. they held our car for about half an hour without charging us while we quickly put our stuff in our room and went on our way.the room was pretty nice. nothing too spectacular, but really nice for a business hotel. we were in a room on the 21st floor and the view was pretty amazing!they have a nice restaurant for dinner on the 24th floor. it's pretty cool, you should check it out.   there were these strange bunny-people statues at the terrace when we were going to breakfast. i thought they were super creepy. breakfast was just mediocre in my opinion, but our waitress, jerry was what made our experience pleasant!the elevator facing the city was pretty cool to ride in. my eleven month old daughter was surprised every time we'd start moving.i can't wait to stay here again when we're in phoenix next!
3	I would say 3 1/2 stars if it were available.  The hotel is nice.  I was here for a convention which was very convenient since the convention center is right across the street.Room service was decent. Not bad for a business traveler.There are no safes in the room.  I found this interesting.  If you want to lock up something like jewelry or your ipad, you have to go to the front desk to do so.The pool area is ok.  Because of the way the building is situated, the direct sunlight was only available from 1-4PM
3	It's been a few years but we had a really funny experience here. You know how you watch all those disaster movies and you think to yourself "those people are sooo dumb...I would be smart in a crisis." Well, I was laying at the pool on the 3rd floor and enjoying my vodka and grapefruit juice (my 2nd one) when firefighters in full gear went running by. What???I looked around and while everyone noticed (it would be hard not to) they just layed back down. I mean - fire - I guess we could get in the pool. No one wanted to be the first to react. Well, I got to thinking about having to evacuate the hotel and there could be news filming, and I didn't want to go on the news in my swimsuit. Would you?I very casually got up and went to the elevators, which BTW were running. Shouldn't they have been cut off? I went up to the 16th floor - stupid right? - looked out the window and saw all the fire trucks. I got dressed, put on my makeup, and went back down to the lobby. By this time the fire was put out and the trucks were gone. No film at 11:00. Wouldn't have mattered if they fire had been serious - I would have been a crispy critter. All these years later I'm beating myself up about this. Next time I'll have my coverup available!
3	Good, standard hotel.  We kind of expected more (a mini fridge would've been nice... we had fruit go to waste because we had nowhere to keep it cold.  Bummer) from a Hyatt, but it was good enough.We put that staff to the test upon entering... I had a little paper bag break through the bottom and spill stuff everywhere.  Immediately a guy ran over to help me clean it up, and stayed with me until I'd recovered everything.  The DIY check-in kiosks were a great feature.  I loved being able to just handle it all by myself without bugging someone.
2	Eh, uh, Meh.I get excited whenever my priceline offer is accepted and I get placed in a Hyatt. This one is my least favorite Hyatt locations. I won't complain about the typical parking charges and internet fees that always occur at 4 star hotels (even though the restaurant/bar downstairs is called freaking NETWORKS! duh). However.....the thermostats are waaaay outdated and don't work that well, can't open a window, awkward check in - they now have a self check in computer (like airline ticketing) but the desk lady still takes your DL and credit card and runs them through the machine....standing on your side of the desk. Just kinda awkward. Yes, the elevators are neat and fast and the views are cool, but CLEAN THEM. No excuse for those things to not have the snot-nosed kid handprints wiped clean a few times a day. The employees ride them too, right? I got a beer at Networks, downstairs. 1 beer = $6.01 + tip (not sure why I did tip) = $7.01. FOR 1 BEER. Wanted to watch the Dbacks game.....neither front desk nor concierge could tell me how to navigate my remote away from the corny adult movie ads to normal TV, or tell me what channel it would be on. About that thermostat.....mine didn't work. Called front desk, they sent someone up. Took 45 minutes, but they fixed it at least. I'm just used to outstanding service with Hyatt, 45 minutes for a fix-it visit is too long. It is modern, beds are comfy(as expected), you can see the Dbacks stadium from your room, just BYOB and hope you don't need help from the staff. 2 stars on a Hyatt scale. I'd give them 4 if it were another hotel that I nabbed for $70 on priceline.....
4	Was invited to an event here.  I'm impressed by the top notch service delivered by every employee.  From the valet team to the front desk, they were on top of our every need.This review is not of the rooms since we didn't stay here.  However, the wait staff and other front of the house employee made our short visit memorable.  If I had to stay in downtown Phoenix, I'd consider staying here.....great service goes a long way with me.Return Factor - 90%
4	Top notch service that never ended. The employees were professional and friendly. Rooms were nice and clean. Very accommodating.
4	Why this place doesn't get more stars is beyond me.  Hello, people--they have a rotating lounge on the top!!  The lobby has nice decor and the rooms are very comfortable (although mine is dark, which is why I took away on star).  The exercise room is great, with up-to-date machines and the pool is lovely.   Me likes!
4	I hosted my team at this hotel for a weeklong conference and was beyond impressed with the service.  Every single person I dealt with was professional and efficient.  The continental breakfast was the best at any hotel I have ever booked at.  The A/V support was responsive and amazingly organized!  The rooms were nice and the hotel is in a very centrally located spot in downtown Phoenix.
4	I have worked for the Hyatt in the past so I am well aware of all the tricks and gimmicks that can be pulled. Let me say, the staff executed everything flawlessly. Guest room dining, thank you for being so efficient and friendly when I called to have you heat my lunch up for me. Great views of downtown and Chase field. I will be staying here again when I come to visit PHX. One negative: our sever at Networks Grill could have been more friendly, and when I say that I mean a smile will get you a better tip. A round of beer and chips and salsa is nothing to sneer over... I promise!
4	p.s. Order the strawberry cheesecake ice cream shortbread sundae for roomservice (be sure to share--it's a LOT!)  You won't be disappointed!
3	3/5 is it me or does checking in take forever with all the chitchat.it's alright, i wish the soap they had wasn't so waxy/hard to rinse off. i always feel like an oilslick after.
4	Stayed here for four nights for my son's national mock trial championship so there were lots of teenagers. Even so the rooms seemed well insulated. Front desk and housekeeping service was very good. Rooms were nice and relatively large. A couple restaurants close by. Short walk to baseball and basketball venues as well as light rail.  I recommend light rail to/from airport as it is cheap. You will have to pull your bags a couple blocks though. Cab ride to airport is about $17 without tip. Area seemed safe. Mysteriously uncrowded even during the week. Really dead during the weekend and some businesses shut down completely. They charge for Internet which is never good. Overall, this is a nice business hotel that is very convenient to downtown attractions and light rail (which is quite nice).
5	Nice room layout.  Super comfortable bed.  Large flat screen TV.  Quick check in.  Nice bathtub.  Great pool.  Nice service.  Fastest internet I have had away from home in a long time.  No complaints.  Easy, peasy.
3	You know I have stayed at over 120 DIFFERENT hotels over the past 4 years. That is 30 new ones a year! More than a different one every 2 weeks! Whew, so I forgot that I stayed at this one before! I got a great summer rate, $99, for a good size room on the 18 floor. When it is 115 degrees in downtown Phoenix, where this hotel is situated, it is like a science fiction movie where everyone in the middle of downtown is gone. Nobody walking the streets. Everyone left town. Ergo, the great rate, whereas in the winter, the same room may go for $250. In summertime, there is only one person working the registration desk. They have kiosk check-in stations, and she shows you how to do it. You can check out the same way. Valet parking ($27) is not automated, however, and tips are still expected. Free WiFi if you are a Hyatt Gold Member.PS - best thing about this hotel is that they put your soap and shampoo, both new, IN your shower, on the little platform. Makes sense, doesn't it?Do you know how many times I stepped out of the shower soaking wet, having to reach for the soap and/or shampoo, sitting on one of those little cutesy trays near the sink? Practically every time!  You too?
5	This location is very nice and the staff is awesome i would definitely return to this location if i ever needed to stay downtown phoenix area
3	Not bad at all... Hyatt Regency is basically a cookie cutter hotel, nothing extravagant or surprising really, but a solid place to stay. We had a king bed that seemed HUMONGOUS, it was wonderful and the room was nice and cool and got completely dark with the blinds closed. While this hotel is more geared towards the traveling businessmen, it was comfortable and after a good meal at The Compass Grill it felt amazing to stumble to our room and crash out in that wonderful bed. While there are some more romantic and elegant hotels around the Valley, if you need to be in Downtown Phoenix, the Hyatt Regency is pretty centralized and a good choice.
5	This review is based on an event I attended here. I did not stay at the hotel as a guest or experience the bar. I was a guest at the Etiquette Dinner put on by ASU and affiliates. From the moment I entered the hotel, I felt welcomed. Each employee I passed greeted me with a smile and professionality. I thought the hotel interior was really cool also. When I was leaving the event, I thought how strange that locals never frequent hotels in their cities. I should try it!
4	i stayed here while I was in town for an Expo. If you need to be downtown in that area, you can't beat this location! We were right across the street from the Convention Center and there was an area with lots of restaurants and a big movie theatre that you could walk to.The hotel was really nice; clean, modern and upscale without being snooty at all. Very friendly staff. Pretty glass elevators with a great view of the city, a nice big lobby with lots of swanky seating and a nice business center to get copies made and things like that if necessary. Pretty nice gym as far as hotel gyms go and nice pool area. The hot tub was quite large and had very strong jets which saved me! The rooms were nice; comfortable beds and pillows, adequate electrical outlets (a pet peeve of mine when you can't find a place to plug in your phone!), spacious enough. On one of the days the maid service forgot to make up our room for some reason, but we let them know and they were apologetic and got us the next day. There are plenty of options to eat right there: a sports bar, a bagel/coffee shop, and a very nice revolving restaurant on the 24th floor called the Compass Grill. Compass had great service and wonderful views. The food was just ok, but it was worth it for the atmosphere. The only thing that really bothered me about this hotel was for some reason the room keys would not work properly! My room mate and I both had a constant issue with not being able to get into our rooms and had to keep going down to the front desk and getting new keys. That was a bummer. But other than that, I definitely recommend this hotel if you need someplace to stay in this area of Phoenix.
2	So there were some very good things about this hotel, but all of the negatives outweigh the good and ultimately make this a hotel I wouldn't stay at again.First, a disclaimer- I am a Hilton Diamond VIP.  I spend a huge portion of my life in hotels, and Hilton is my chain.  So I get hooked up.  And so it's weird when I go to another chain and don't get any perks or a choice room.  However, I be that most people who are going to stay here AREN'T high on their loyalty program, so their experience may be a lot like mine.I stayed here for a business convention for 3 nights.  I was put on the 6th floor in the "atrium."  Yes, atrium is hotel for "noisy."  Because it was.  Very, very loud.  The whole floor is open to the meeting area below, and night time events are hosted here until well after 10 p.m.  One night I woke up at about 2 a.m. because drunk women were shouting and having too much fun.  Too loud to fall asleep/stay asleep?  Deal breaker.Problem #2- my shower drain was completely clogged and the tub filled up and random hair was floating in it.  Gross.  So here's the thing.  If housekeeping cleans the shower at all, they have to run water.  If they run water, they have GOT to see that the tub isn't draining.  So they should call maintenance to fix it.  So this means that either the housekeeping staff didn't bother to clean the shower OR they didn't bother to have the drain fixed, either of which is lazy and totally unacceptable.  I had to shower in the gross water-filled tub on day #1.  To their credit, it was fixed after I called, but the point is that I should never have had to call.The wifi was extremely slow, to the point where I started turning the wifi off and connecting with the 3G. (It really was that bad.)The bed was decently comfortable, but the sheets were worn to the point of having small holes and should have probably been replaced 30 washes prior.The attention to detail just wasn't there.Last, the check in process is just bizarre.  They have self-serve kiosks, but someone from the front desk checks you in using the self-serve kiosk.  Why have them?  Checking into a hotel is actually one of the only times I prefer checking in with a human, so just eliminate the kiosks.  The staff was exceptionally friendly, which was great, and the wait for the elevators was never too bad.  Valet is expensive, but they're generally pretty quick about bringing your car around.The hotel is kind of in the middle of nowhere right downtown...however, there are a few places nearby to grab a quick lunch, and there's a Starbucks right across the street.  (Score!)So although there were some great things about the Hyatt,  over all this is a hotel I wouldn't come back to.
3	I just attended a cocktail reception, so my review is based on that experience. We were at the Compass Room which is always a cool experience given the 360 degree views. The wine they served was really good. I had an amazing port that paired really well with the chocolate truffles they served. I haven't seen the hotel since they renovated so it was great to see the changes. I'm anxious to go back when I have time and see the rest of the changes.
1	What a horrible place to stay. Hilton and Marriott are much better service. The parking was $12 which is not bad but the people at the garage treated us like we were trying to steal something. We just wanted to drop off bags and they would not open the gate. The guy at the garage said Hyatt did not run the garage but Hyatt said it was their garage. Not the service I expected! The people at the Marriott have always been helpful and treated us nice. NEVER going to stay at Hyatt again.
2	First arrival a nightmare. Get there valet man says we can park in ramp, if we would like is cheaper and elevator is right at side door NOT ! So I go to front desk and complain and the ditz tells me we can just drive  back out and not pay because we were not there even 10 minutes. NOT told attendant what she said he said no. We explained what ditzy said, he said they have no right but he eventually let us. Took luggage out at front door and went back to parking lot. They did nothing to appease us till I went back down to the front desk. They sent up a lousy 4 cans of pop and crappy dried nuts and 4 granola bars at 9:30 p.m.! I am in the people business you are suppose to bend over backwards for your customers NOT Hyatt! I do not think I would ever tell anyone to stay there, between the parking nightmare and the nonchalant attitude of the front desk.
5	We had about 48 hours to plan an event for 500 people. In a pinch, we turned to the Hyatt Regency, and Lori and her team helped streamline all details from catering to AV to working with the City of Phoenix to secure extra parking. The venue is perfect for an event/conference - as the lobby is beautiful, the hotel bar/restaurant Networks provides guests with great food, and the layout allows for great conversation and event traffic. 5 stars!Thanks,Meghan
1	The parking is my beef with this place.  Why does a customer have to pay $12 for each time we park at the garage?  If you move in and out three times, that's $36 for parking.  Yes, my company was paying, but this was just outright stupid and I wouldn't make my company pay for this again.I've been to Phoenix twice since then, and I've avoided this place and stayed at the Marriot.  Much better place.
1	We tried this restaurant on two separate occasions and had problems each time. Staff was poorly trained, rude, and I would expect more out of a Hyatt hotel. We were told the tables were dirty because they were outside, food was burnt or cold, and management of the employees should be reevaluated by hotel management. Smiles go a long way. If not for one specific employee at the hotel guest services, my wife and I would have considered relocating. The hotel was great. Eat elsewhere
4	Spent a weekend in PHX for the Dbacks vs. Giants and booked the Hyatt based on the proximity of the hotel.  I was suprised by the accomodations.  VERY NICE!  Rooms are average sized and have great blackout curtains.  Pool was small but nice.  Felt good after walking back in the HOT sun.Best part about the experience was despite arriving when most people are checking out, they found a room early so we could dump our luggage and head out to the ballpark.The restaurant/bar in the hotel was great in the evening.  Super Bartender Ryan and Awesome bar manager Danielle make that place fun!  They know how to cater to different clientele.  oh!  and the food and beer selection is good too!
2	Very nice staff at this hotel. That's the nicest thing I can say. This is the shabbiest Hyatt ever. You're paying Hyatt prices, but you're really getting a crappy motel inside the walls.Kids, there are no towel bars or racks in the bathroom. ANYWHERE. You can't hang a towel up even if you want to. There are no safes in the room. No mini-fridges in the room. No information on the business center or amenities or hours in the room. The carpet in my room was stained all around the bed (I don't want to know, really). The tub was equally stained (yuck) and standing under the shower was like being peed on thanks to abysmal shower heads and very low water pressure. Bet this manager is glad he's across the street from the Convention Center, or he'd lose his flag and his AAA diamonds. Ick, is all I can say. Where's that Hotel Impossible guy when you need him?
2	I stayed here for a conference. What cheapskates. No fridge, no complimentary water  (but there's an ice machine down the hallway....uh, okay). They wanted $5 for a bottle of water, had crappy shampoo/soap, rough towels, no free wi-fi. Their wifi in the lobby doesn't even work (or is hella slow!). I stayed at a motel in flagstafff the day before for a hike of the Grand Canyon and that small room was way better equipped with all the amenities above for less than half the price. You pay for a nice bed here and a 24 hour gym, that's pretty much it. The only good thing is that the people working at the hotel are extremely nice and friendly.
1	Short-Sheeted in Phoenix!Booked directly with Hyatt for a conference I was attending.  After arriving in my room late in the evening, I noticed food particles on the floor.  I was so tired I just went to sleep and notified guest services on my way out the next morning and was assured it would be handled.  Upon arriving back late that night exhausted I noticed same food particles still by the bed.  I spoke with the manager who took care of the issue immediately and comped breakfast the next morning for me   Adter getting back in the cleaned room and getting into bed, felt that the sheets were loose at the foot of the bed.   I was tires and just feel asleep.  The next morning I exposed the foot od the bed with the bottom sheet not completely covering the mattress.  Upon getting into bed that evening, I noticed the sheets just didn't fit the bed.  They didn't even cover the mattress!   Being 6'4" my feet do reach the end of the bed.  Nothing like waking up with your feet scratching against the mattress in a hotel.  They get one star for at least being nice, otherwise this place is a zero!
3	almost everything was as you'd expect in a Hyatt... 2 funny things... the rotating restaurant on top... it has a good wine list... the "house" wine was Robert Mondavi Chardonnay and Cabernet... nothing bad about that... but when the waitress says "oh... our house wine is from Napa, CA... it's really good" you expect more than good table wine...the maid came in the room at 6am to clean, realized we were in there (maybe she was thinking it was another room or something) and then left... that's not ideal, but ok... but then she left the light on! Had to get up and turn it off!!! WTF?Otherwise, good amenities, super convenient downtownbutThey nickle and dime you for everything... have to pay for internet, no fridge... but the people are nice...
3	Ahhh... The beds here are so comfy. I got a really, really good night sleep.The ambiance of the lobby is nice but... the pool is lacking :(  only 3ft deep across the entire length??? and there's a charge for wi-fi in your room. Sigh... if it wasn't for the nice atomsphere and ultra-good beds, they'd get 2 stars from me.And I forgot to put the 'do not disturb' sign on the door so house keeping came in during the morning. No problem, but they turned on the light and forgot to turn it off =(  Overall, next time I'm in Phoenix, I'll try a different place.
4	Great service and modern flow - always a great time - close to light rail fun restaurants, bars, etc
3	[we stay here for business.]this is a routine hyatt property.  my BIGGEST ISSUE are the room doors.  for some reason, when guests close their doors, it sounds like they are SLAMMING them.  this SUPER SUCKS in the morning when you are trying to sleep OR when you are relaxing in the room really at any point and time.i'm thinking that the hotel management should probably look into the mechanics of the door.  perhaps they did and realized that it would be too costly to "fix" the problem.  [possibly a "jam" issue.]  either way,  the closing/slamming of the doors lowers the quality of this otherwise convenient and decent property.  sigh!
4	Nice hotel. Went to it for a convention. Clean inside.
3	We went on a stay-cation and enjoyed the amenities and mostly the location of this Hyatt. The Compass spinning restaurant is definitely a place to have a celebratory dinner, or if you're a Hyatt guest do the 9pm - 11pm(?) happy hour drinks and spin around in a venue that was once a Playboy Club. See the San Carlos one minute, and the stadium views the next. Drinks are fun, but the nostalgia, effects and sophisticated nature make Compass a place to check out.We had to pay for WiFI. On the upside their gym was really state of the art (although the pool was closed- but we were offered the Sheraton pool instead; I think Hyatt is nicer after looking at their property). The gym had machines w/ computers that had games like Solitare and overall really new equipment and nice amenities for a gym. Although, before I hit the gym there I did my cardio around the hotel at the Cityscape running up and down the stairs.Good place to stay if you need somewhere Downtown. Ask about the pool. Check out the Compass restaurant. Watch the ground as you take the elevator upstairs on the side that overlooks the city.Go to Copper Blues for dinner and live music, and Bar Smith after for dance and drinks.
4	How nice are the people at the Hyatt?Somehow our reservation got lost - and after traveling 8 hours it was wonderful to have a very friendly staff member take care of it in one breath. Oh, and for our trouble? A high room with a view.  The place was clean, all of the staff was friendly, and it was quite swank!  The bar and grill downstairs had nice couches to sneak away from the conference and grab a brew to watch football with.My only recommendation would be to help the valet out with recommendations and directions -- or to have the concierge man the desk a bit more.
5	We stayed at this hotel for one night yesterday and it was a blast. We got a room on the 19th floor with a beautiful view over the skyscrapers of downtown. The room was in a perfect condition and the staff had a great service level. Especially Lucy at front desk who helped us with a crib for our infant who wasn't supposed to follow us to Phoenix at first, but did and Lucy helped us out!
3	I didn't leave here with anything special to say really. I think it's a bit pricey for what you get.  I made the mistake of getting a balcony room for an extra $20 thinking I would have amazing views but the balcony rooms are only on the first few floors so the view sucks. I didn't get a chance to go to the compass room because it didn't open until 5:30 and the elevators don't work until then so I really got screwed on views this time. Good location. Parking at the lot across the street is 12$ for overnight and valet at the hotel is $27.
3	The features in the room seem outdated.  The room was a sauna when I got in and could not fix the problem because the thermostat was hard to figure out.  I woke up in the middle of the night because it was unbearable and a staff person did come by and was able to make the room a little cooler.I like the check-in and check-out kiosks so I don't have to wait on a line for a live person who seemed to be just chatting away with someone.
4	Stayed for work in a corner king. Plenty of room, super nice clean accommodations. Would definitely stay here again.
3	If you have low expectations, you will enjoy this hotel. Friendly, helpful staff. Rooms are outdated and dark. When I made reservations, was told that wifi was free - not the case - 9.95/day. Generally enjoy staying at Hyatt Regency hotels but would not stay again.
3	So after driving from Texas to Arizona, I was in desperate need of a hotel due to last minute changes of plans. I was surprised when I booked this place through hot-wire... at a very very very low price that I could have paid at a lower rate motel.The room was nice, but not what I expected for a Hyatt, in fact the Holiday Inn in Deming, NM had nicer rooms then this Hyatt did. At the same price, I wouldn't mind staying here again, but I would definitely not pay their full rate.
4	Certainly a nice place, but I booked this hotel through Priceline at more than 70% off the normal price. Definitely wouldn't pay full price, but I'm not sure if I'd ever pay that much for a hotel. TV is not HD and wifi is $10 a day. Great location, near downtown arenas, lightrail and the airport.Also, if you stay here on the weekend, I'd recommend finding street parking as we did, rather than paying $19 to park in the hotel garage. We found a spot just a few blocks away.
1	This is probably THE WORST Hyatt I've ever stayed! If it wasn't because I was here attending a conference and my room was paid for, I would have never chosen to stay here. The hotel is so outdated and is not well maintained at all. The carpet is dirty and has huge stains. My room is on the 20th floor and the whole floor smells like greasy fried chicken from 20 years ago. Even the ceiling in my room is dirty. The shower in my room is clogged, water just stays there when i take a shower. Gross! The only good thing is that the staff is nice. Basically this hotel is way over priced. I wouldn't even pay $50 a night for it. It is so sad for the Hyatt brand. Horrible hotel, will NEVER return!
4	The view from our room. The Compass. Cleaning staff all day long. The jacuzzi and pools. Stellar customer service. The gym. Spacious, beautifully decorated rooms. The cafe and lounges. The area and all it has to offer.Not to mention, we nabbed it at a killer price via Priceline.The reason for four stars instead of five: valet parking = $27 a day, ouch. Wifi = $10 a day, yikes. Nevertheless, I'm pretty sure many babies will be born from staying at this lovely hotel.
3	The hotel lobby was nice-- the light fixtures and the wall panels were very pretty (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyatt-regency-phoenix-phoenix?selected=-p6br-vbUAbf3mbZfHvw3w#-p6br-vbUAbf3mbZfHvw3w). I was expecting my room to look nicer since the lobby looked pretty modern.  I actually had a painting missing from my wall (only the nails were left) and called to let them know, lol.  I had a nice view of the Phoenix Convention Center from my room, but it does get loud at night from the bars located right below the hotel-- kept me up past 2am!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyatt-regency-phoenix-phoenix#5QB8vq5h43yY2IY66_2ZnA)One more thing that surprised me was that the wi-fi in your room is not complimentary.  There is a charge of $10 per day...
3	We spent the Friday night at the Hyatt Regency in PHX downtown recently.  The great things about it are as follows.  First, it is in a great location within walking distance of much of what's "happening" in downtown PHX.   The light rail is nearby which make transportation from the airport pretty easy which allows one to avoid a cab fare or parking fees at the hotel.  The lobby is very modern and welcoming.  There is an Einstein Bagels as well as a bar/restaurant in the lobby as well.  They have a fitness center which is among the best I have seen at full service hotels.  The center is located on the pool deck and is about the size of three rooms loaded with state of the art running machines, ellipticals, recumbents, and uprights along the perimeter.  There are also two mirrored areas for stretch/yoga/ floor exercises and free weights, respectively.  There was enough room that I was able to use these areas to do my P90X routine for the day.   They also have multiple Nautilus-type machines.  Last and most importantly are the staff members.  They were so friendly and professional from the valet to the front desk that we felt very welcome and comfortable from our very first interaction with them. The room was average/below average.  We booked this room on Priceline for a "steal," so it didn't bother us as much, but we would have been upset if we paid the rack rate.  This hotel is supposed to have been recently remodeled with updated/renovated rooms, but we could not honestly say if our room was one of them.  The thing that bothered us the most was that the room seemed very dusty, and the air coming out of HVAC system seemed dirty as you could see the black staining along the popcorn ceiling where the registers were.  When you opened the closet to hang clothes, you could see the dust on shelves.  The tell-tale sign though was that the four of us were sneezing all night long.  If we were to stay longer, I would have complained.  The next thing that was a bother was that the bathtub drain worked poorly.  I took a "guy" shower (ten minutes tops) and the water in the tub backed up about 1.5 inches along the level tub floor.  One minor complaint is that the carpet seemed old and dirty as the soles of my feet were gray after walking around the room barefoot for the evening.   Also, one of the water glasses next to the TV had old purple droplets which I just washed off myself before using the glass.  The conclusion was interesting.  I didn't plan on complaining as we are pretty low key and handle most things for ourselves.  However, when I tried to checkout via the TV I got to the end of the process, and the system crashed.  Therefore I called the front desk to finish the checkout. When the attendant asked me how the stay was, I mentioned that we sneezed all night long and I had to wash out my own water glass.  She was very apologetic and took care of our valet charges.   She noted that she would have done more if I had charged any more things to the room.  She wanted to make sure that I was happy with my experience with the hotel.   Given how good the staff was, I would consider returning to this hotel because good service is important to us when traveling with children.  I would probably book directly with the hotel to get both a good rate but also to make sure I got a room that would be less likely to have the problems ours had.
4	I haven't used this hotel for its intended purpose.  However, the school I work at has used (half of) the Regency ballroom for prom.The events staff are very courteous and helpful.  The room itself is beautiful, and the lobby and ballroom entrance lend themselves to the excitement and grandeur of a quality high school prom.SO expensive; we barely recouped our costs with ticket sales.  But it was pretty...
3	problems:1. noise level is highthe walls are thin and cannot block the noise2. parking is 12 dollars3. internet is 10+ dollarsthis is insanebut the service is good and the location is so convenient
2	Rooms are old and aged. I had to stay here for a business event. I will never come back on my own. They tried to remodel this old hotel, but they only updated a few things, like the sinks and furniture - the rest is still OLD.  It's like the owner is too cheap to upgrade the hotel the right way, so he just replaced a few things.  If you come to Phoenix, I recommend staying elsewhere - until this place goes through a remodel.  Aside from that, the walls are very thin. I could hear people talking in other rooms, and at 5:00am, someone slammed their door and it probably woke up all guests on the ENTIRE floor! (9th floor) - two hours before my alarm clock!I will NOT be staying here again.In the conference rooms (Ellis rooms), the tables were very thin and lightweight, and one person lightly bumped the table as he scooted his chair and everyone's drink splashed over - down the whole row. Very cheap tables.
2	I stayed here for Phoenix Comicon 2013.  You expect a bit of noise during an event of that kind, but the level of noise I could hear in my room from the open atrium was astounding. The hotel and rooms look like they're in need of renovation.  Internet access/WiFi was prohibitively expensive.  I got free Internet last month at Motel 6 !    The only + was the proximity to the convention center.
3	I agree: this place is just A-OK. But it's still A-OK! Efficient check in, though they are less outwardly welcoming to Diamond and Platinum members than other properties seem to be, but nonetheless professional. We chose the arrival amenity--bottle of wine and prosciutto sandwiches--which was outstanding. Among the best I've experienced, actually. The prosciutto sandwiches were more like flatbreads, freshly baked with fresh arugula piled high. Would serve as a light lunch for two. Great gym, but mediocre pool--but then, it's a downtown business hotel. But still. Excellent late night drink specials at the revolving--yep, that's right, revolving!--bar and restaurant on the top floor. So, all in all, good for a quick stay or a positioning stay before or after a flight, but I wouldn't make a vacation out of this one. For that, see my review of the Scottsdale property--fantastic!
1	Was welcomed with wide open arms... No literally, the valet came out with his arms wide open and asked, "where do you plan to park this thing?"To be fair, I showed up in an oversized Toyota Tundra and trailer... But I didn't expect that warm welcome.   I asked if he greeted all of his guests this way, and he realized that he came off as an ass and tried to correct the situation.I ended up getting a parking space a half mile away, and walking back and forth to my vehicle.  I'd recommend this hotel, as long as you live a straight forward, in-the-box life. We needed special accommodations regarding our stay. The manager assured me there'd be no problem and she'd get back to me.   She left for vacation without ever getting back to me. When I followed up I was told to literally go stay at the Sheraton, despite the fact that I was staying here as part of a very large conference, and had previously been told they'd make it work.  Not how I expected the situation to be handled. Pretty disappointed overall. The hotel was nice, but the people weren't. I'd recommend the Sheraton.
5	Really enjoyed my stay here for a convention. Stayed about five days. The rooms were clean, spacious and enjoyable. House keeping was prompt and the gift shop is so nice! I got myself some necklaces and sunglasses which were sold to me for way cheaper than their tags listed. Also their breakfast and lunch place inside (einteins) was so nice and I went every day, I didn't have to leave at all to eat. Love their other casual restaurant inside too for dinner which served sushi too. Great experience!
5	This review is about The Compass, the revolving restaurant located at the top of this hotel. I received a tip about this romantic dinner spot from the front desk of another hotel I stayed at about 10 minutes away. Romantic it was! My husband and I got there just as the sun was setting and it was a fabulous hour rotation. Our waitress Jerry made our evening even better. She was so amazing, that we will for sure be back to stay in this hotel and enjoy another meal here the next time we are in Phoenix. The food is expensive, but worth every succulent bite. My husband got the ribeye and I chose the roasted chicken. Melts in your mouth! A+ experience from top to bottom.
4	I travel for work (entertainment) very often... Location is great to catch a sports game as the Diamondbacks stadium is across the street, the Suns basketball arena is across the street as well, not to forget the convention center is only steps away. Valet and bell hops were very attentive and kept the flow of traffic moving. Front desk was knowledgable about the surrounding area and always acknowledging people with a smile. Housekeeping was nice about privacy and not nagging about trying to clean your room like other hotels, but they were on your floor through the morning if you needed any items. Although I didn't use the pool and spa, it looked super clean... The fitness center was fully stocked and clean with ample space and equipment to get a good workout in. The security guard on site was very friendly and helpful. Elevators were fast and abundant. Last but not least, the rooms were of normal Hyatt quality. Clean and a typical hotel standards. Honestly I felt like I was at home here just without a kitchen. I would definitely stay here again! Tip: if you're a member of the Hyatt's rewards, you can get a day or two of free Internet access...Tip2: there's an Enterprise at this location if a car is needed...
2	Expensive for the lack of amenities.  Parking was $28 and daily WiFi was $10.  The room was small with a very tiny bathroom.  When we questioned the high parking rate the attendant laughed at us.  During the hot summer months we could have stayed at a nearby 5 star resort for less money.  Even Motel 6 has free WiFi!  My opinion they should drop the Regency from their name.  There was no sign of regency here.
5	I was honestly a little nervous to stay here based on previous reviews, but apparently whatever remodeling issues they had have been taken care of. We were allowed to check in early (thank goodness, it was 110 outside) and our room was gorgeous. Front desk staff was wonderful.  Upgraded to a balcony room and was sooooo worth it! Didn't try the spinning restaurant but the Einstein Bagel staff was very friendly in the early morning hours.  Perfect place to stay in downtown Phoenix.
3	Almost gave 4 stars but not quite. Pros:Staff super friendly and helpful!Great views of the city!Restaurant downstairs had great food!Prime location for local entertainment and great restaurants!Cons: The pool is super small. Seems strange for an Arizona hotel. Don't get me started on the toilet paper!!!!Super cheap and thin. Inappropriate when you're  paying 160.00 a night!The pros allowed me to enjoy my stay, but when in the area I will probably look into other options. (I'm a huge pool person)
5	I've always loved this place. It's like a landmark of Phoenix. Over the years, I've just become fonder due to the nostalgia of the place! It has such a presence downtown. And even though some other hotels have gone up over the years in the same vicinity, this is still probably my fave! I recently got away for a little stay-cation and this was the spot I chose. The rooftop pool is on the 3rd floor and it is a little small, but it caused guests to talk to each other and interact which may not happen at a resort with a huge overwhelming pool. While there is no waiter service at the pool, they will bring you room service up. We ordered a bottle of champagne and some OJ and sipped mimosas until the sun went away. The interior of the hotel is breathtaking. In my opinion. All the decor and furniture just perfectly placed to create a spectacle of luxury. There are conveniences such as kiosks for key pick up, online check in/check out, business center, fitness facility-oh did I mention The Compass Room? Maybe one of the most noteworthy Phoenix spots! I don't care who you are, the view from The Compass Room restaurant is impressive, something not to be missed. ESPECIALLY if you already live here and have never been. The room was nice, modern and upgraded. We had a room with a private patio that overlooked the street from the 7th floor. It was incredible! Of course the service was every bit what you know of Hyatt. Very friendly and top notch. And don't forget how fun the elevators are! I dare you not to say "Weeeeee!!" as you head from the top to the lobby!
3	Kind of pricey, but really nice rooms that you'd expect from Hyatt.  This hotel caters to business class and is in a really central location if in the downtown area.  Super close to a plethora of dining options and bars as well as sports venues (Chase field).  The lobby and elevator ride up is a neat experience, but seriously, why is the self-parking garage across the street and looks like a recipe for mugging?  The valet is also a little cocky, but that's fine and dealt with by NOT using his services.
3	I too, was invited to an event at this hotel.Unfortunately, the hotel staff and marquee were useless. I've never seen this before in a Hyatt, but not only were we directed to an empty room, but it took the staff (two folks) about 10+ minutes to send us to the correct room for the meeting.Once in the meeting room, it was cold.Consequently, our food was a bit cooler than our liking. However, it was tasty.The staff was friendly, from the front desk/receptionist staff to the waitstaff...all friendly.Because we did not stay in the rooms, I would, however, consider a night's stay another time...just to be fair.
4	Nice Staff. Food On premises is good. Decor and stylistically not out of date. Elevator ride on North Shafts is more lively then looking at a metal wall. TVs in Room R Large.
1	I travel frequently. Ive stayed at many 4-5 stars, so i know what to expect when it comes to service. This hotel lacks customer service, professionalism, organization and the ability to meet the paying customers needs. For this, I rate them a 1 star. They completely screwed up my reservations (i had multiple rooms reserved) pretty funny they claimed they didnt have accurate billing set up, yet, charged my account fees. The reservation desk and front desk deserve an F- minus all around. Please save your time, money and frustration and book elsewhere.
3	I was going to give The Hyatt two stars, but they saved themselves with truly exceptional dine-in room service. I have listed the pros and cons below, but I must say that the room service food was better than anything we could find in downtown Phoenix. The Vegan Quinoa Chili was exceptional and their hummus was amazing. My daughter had the New York Cheesecake and raved about its fresh creamy flavor. She also had the cheese flat bread pizza, which was infused with flavor and so good. You can also build your own salad and they are large portions, fresh and tasty. On the downside for dining; the downstairs restaurant is a sports bar, with the typical offerings. I ordered Bruschetta after not finding anything else vegetarian friendly and they burnt the bread, which was cold and stale already. Then we tried the revolving restaurant on the top floor (Compass lounge) and though it had great ambiance and service, vegetarian offerings were few. They did not even have the eggplant dish mentioned on their menu online. What is funny is that we literally ended up eating lettuce! It was tasty, but not much of a main course. My daughter had the risotto side dish, which she liked a lot. Unless you are big on steak, I would suggest going to the Compass lounge for the drinks and experience and ordering room service when you get back ;-)  Here are my pros and cons for the Hyatt Regency Phoenix. Pros:Friendly StaffHotel itself is beautiful and has stylish decorBeautiful viewClean roomsRevolving restaurant is a cool experience Complimentary robe and slippers was niceRoom service - food and serviceCons:Very uncomfortable beds - this was a big one for meVery poor water pressure, especially the sink, which has a rain-type flowCheap thin toilet paper - the other reviewer was not kidding about that! Food options for the restaurants were very disappointing  Really could have used more space and more than one chairNOT enough towels! This was really annoying. Very limited TV options - but that may be typical Parking is expensive and across the streetPlug situation was an issue - plugs were on the side of the night table, so the bed pressed up against anything plugged in and the plugs were very loose.
4	Nice big suite at a competitive price. 10 minute walk to both the basketball arena and the baseball stadium. Right smack in the middle of downtown with plenty of bars and restaurants literally a few feet away. No new to rent a car of drive your own, everything is near. Can't wait to come again during season.
4	Probably the best view of downtown is from their 24th floor rotating bar/restaurant. Have been here a few times and enjoy it for the beauty of the views.  The night skyline of Phoenix is very beautiful due to the clear air you can for miles and Phoenix has a beautiful skyline to view.The food is pretty good for a hotel kitchen.  I also felt the pricing was reasonable considering most of the time these types of restaurants are very expensive for sub-par food.
2	Before I get to the negative feedback I will give the positive.+ the customer service is wonderful+ the lobby is very nice + the views are great from the rooms The negatives- the walls are paper thin. We heard a newborn and toddler crying for 2 hrs starting at 6am and the mom lecturing them. We heard everything clearly. On the other side of our wall we heard the problems and advice in a break up. Again all clearly. - the sheets and blankets feel like they are made from the same paper as the walls. - the bed was very uncomfortable - even on the 21st floor we could hear the kids at the pool screaming as we tried to nap from lack of sleep in the morning. - the parking is 12.00 with no ins & outs. That was very inconvenient With our daughter considering college in town we will never consider staying here again
4	This Hyatt is filled with friendly and very helpful staff. Came here for a spring training weekend and was very happy with the service. We found our rooms clean and every employee we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful. I took one star off only because parking is expensive! Lol 29$ a day for valet. Other than that this place is great.
4	The Hyatt Regency Phoenix is located in downtown, and within walking distance of Chase Field and US AirwaysCenter.As you enter the hotel, the registration desk is located to the left and in the back.Registration was quick, and all Diamond benefits were clearly explained.  As the hotel has no Regency Club, breakfast was offered in the restaurant.  Unfortunately, the 2,500 bonus Gold Passport points also do not apply as there is no Regency Club.I used a suite upgrade, and was given the VIP Suite, which measures approximately 1,850 square feet.As you enter the VIP Suite, there is a wet bar immediately to the left.There is a large combination living room and dining room, with a small desk, computer and printer near the dining room table.There is also a half-bath in the living room.The guest bedroom contains two full beds, with a small sitting area.The guest bathroom is spacious with dual sinks, and an enclosed shower and tub.The master bedroom has a king bed and sitting area.The master bathroom is very large, and includes a closet, vanity area, two sinks, a shower, and a large bathtub Jacuzzi. The Hyatt Regency Phoenix is a good hotel if you need to be in the downtown area.  The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly and is conveniently located.  I would definitely stay here again if in the downtown area.
4	Had the pleasure of staying the night at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Phoenix. A friend and I were headed to a Gala and really didn't feel like being a DD and wanted to enjoy the event, so we decided to get a room for the night at the Hyatt. The Hyatt is perfectly located in the center of downtown Phoenix, so getting around isn't hard to do.The room was on the 18th floor, and had great views of downtown Phoenix. I love looking out and enjoying the city views. Staff was friendly and helpful too.It had 2 beds, TV, desk, chair, closet with full length mirrors, nice size bathroom, lots of places to plug your charging units in. I can't really tell you if the tv worked, never watched it.  And I did see a mini fridge but never used it. The bed was comfortable with lots of pillows.I enjoyed my night at the Hyatt Regency, maybe next time I'll make a weekend out of it.
3	Stayed here for a convention. Decor is nice.  Would have stayed at the Westin if I knew that you can't even talk normally in your room after 10 PM.  Only picked the Hyatt because it was closer to the convention center.  We were just chit chatting, not partying, our kid was not jumping around or screaming.  1030 PM we get a BANGING on the door from next door saying we are too loud (rude!) Then 1031 we get a call from front desk telling us to quite down. Wow. They need to have better sound barriers if they they want to pride themselves on giving their guest a good night sleep. There is a sign outside of the elevator that says to keep noise down from 10pm-8am.  So I thought we were quite. TV was not loud we were just talking.  I do not recommend staying here if you have kids, like to talk at night,  want to party or have "fun". Come here for business by yourself. Pro- we did get free wife        -close to convection center        -clean
5	I came here last year during baseball season to watch a game. We decided to stay overnight in Phoenix and found this hotel through a website. I don't remember exactly how much it was but I know it was less than a hundred bucks a night and I was really happy with this place for the price.They have an awesome gym, the rooms are nice, with wonderful views, have a nice sized pool  and they have a nice restaurant and coffee shop conveniently located on the lobby floor. We took advantage of the valet parking and we're very pleased with their service.I love the fact that they're walking distance from the basketball arena and the baseball stadium. Not many options for eating establishments in downtown Phoenix but it was okay for the most part.It's a really nice hotel and for the price I would definitely stay here again anytime during the season.
5	Loving this downtown Phoenix hotel! Views are wonderful and the hotel is beautiful inside. Bed is comfy and the room is nicely decorated with every convenience. I like that there is a bar on the main floor - a great restaurant on the top floor and an Einsteins bagels attached if you need a quick nosh. The location is the perfect place for exploring everything phoenix has to offer - close to baseball and basketball and all the downtown nightlife. A great hotel and worth the money.
5	I am giving this experience 5 stars because of an interaction I had with a security staff member.  It may seem like a small gesture, but in today's world, it goes a long way.  See my email to the company below:I haven't been to many hotels in my life, but my stay here for a work conference was lovely.  I particularly want to note the excellent service of a security guard, whose name I failed to get, but whose simple and yet meaningful customer service really solidified my experience at this hotel:  It was this evening (May 15th)- I was out by the pool on my laptop, just wanting to be outdoors in the warm night air.  He politely explained to everyone that it was 10pm, and thus the pool area was closing.  When I asked if I could just stay and not swim but lie on the chair, he politely explained that there were reasons why they needed the area cleared, including cleaning, pool treatment, etc.  I work in customer service, so I am particularly fussy about the way employees handle situations like these.  Giving guests a logical explanation (one they can appreciate) as to why they can't do something is always a quality way to go.  He was sensitive but firm in his explanation, but he immediately offered me an alternative solution- The outdoor garden area on the 3rd floor just a few yards from the pool.  Again, offering a positive solution at the end of a "No" is always wonderful customer service.  He even offered to bring me a lounge chair in the event that there were only upright chairs available in that area.  As I left, he came after me and asked if there was anything he could do for me or get me in order to make my stay more comfortable, considering that I was disappointed to have left the pool area.  I declined, being quite happy with the garden solution he offered, but the gesture was greatly appreciated.  So often staff like security guards or cleaning personnel are overlooked as insignificant compared to the front-line lobby and concierge staff, however often times they are the ones that can really influence someone's impression of an organization.  This gentleman did just that, and left me with an extremely positive impression of the Hyatt Regency Phoenix, so much so that I will not only leave a good Yelp review, but will also consider staying at hotels (particularly the Hyatt Regency) more often!  He should be recognized for his outstanding (and naturally so) customer service.  It is a rare thing these days.  (As I said, I don't have his name, but he closed the pool up at 10pm on Thursday, May 15th, was a touch heavy set, and I believe wore glasses.)Service like that goes a long, long way.  Thank you!
4	I attended a conference here this month.  I was loving the location of this hotel.  It is located next to Chase stadium and walking distance to a lot of good spots to eat.Bathroom was very clean and staff was nice.  I'm a diva for clean bathrooms.  That's very important to me... The lunch we had for the conference was served by the hotel staff and was surprisingly delicious.  It was funny because the portion was enough for a woman on a SMALL diet or child serving.  I took a picture but just like a car mirror-  object look closer than they appear.. LolFood was tasty overall.  ;)
4	The staff at the Hyatt Regency is great!  The hotel is large ... but easy to navigate.  They have great amenities and complimentary water in the lobby (which is a MUST in AZ in Spring/Summer/Fall).  Location is convenient to the Convention Center and everything downtown ... if only there was more of a night life vibe!
2	Front desk was less than helpful checking in. Lobby area is nice but hallways by our room on the 3rd floor was dirty. Room was not great and the sprinkler in the bathroom was covered with tape. Not very safe!
2	Stayed here for a night for a convention. For that the location couldn't be better. The bed was comfortable too. That's why I gave a second star. I reserved two nights but left a day early to spend Father's Day with my newborn son and they refused to refund the second day even though I checked out before 10am. They have no parking and will not validate so guests pay $12 per day. If you take the little $5 Aquafina bottle in the room, walk to a 7-11 later and buy one for $1 and replace it in the room before checkout. Don't even bother with the pool or hot tub here. There is no free Wi-Fi. That will cost you another $10 per day or $15 if you want premium. Was glad to check out. Not what I expected from Hyatt. Nothing against the nice ladies at the desk, but I was much more welcome when I got home! :)
3	i think i was expecting a bit more from the Hyatt. the staff is great and friendly, the bed was comfy but the hotel is dated, the carpets needs to be replaced and the faucet in the tub was almost falling off. i only stayed for one night, it was an ok experience, not much more.
1	THE BAD: they charge for wifi!!?!? They call themselves a business friendly hotel and they charge up to $15/day for something that should be free. pool sucks, parking is $28 a night at the hotel. The iron sucks. THE GOOD: a ton of food options around. The decor in the main lobby is great. We also enjoyed the flavored water downstairs.
4	We spent this past weekend at The Hyatt Regency Downtown Phoenix, AZ. The hotel is in a great location! Directly across from the Convention Center, Symphony Hall and The Herberger Theatre its in the heart of downtown. You are walking distance to the light rail, Hardrock Cafe, Chase Field and US Air Arena. The bell and valet staff are present to assist the minute you pull up. They are courteous and respectful. The front desk is accommodating and polite. The rooms are suitable for a downtown hotel. We had a Eastern view which was phenomenal! Looking at the airport, we could see (but not hear) all the comings and goings from Sky Harbor. The rooms are QUIET! We could not hear anything from the room. Clean, neat and perfect for a downtown hotel. My kids loved the elevators that faced outward. They were fast and prompt. We will definitely be back!
4	This was my first time staying at a Hyatt (obviously been living under a stone the past 40 years!!)  - smooth check in, no paperwork to sign, all good, easy, swift, high ceilings, nice ambiance, friendly friendly people. . . Very very relaxing. . .   nice and calm, not a lot of people about so obviously not the busy season but we didn't want to leave.Will stay here again.x
4	I stayed here with my friend while we were attending a convention down at the Phoenix Convention Center.  Staying on the 16th floor with a downtown view after a long day at the convention was Heaven.  The beds are soft, the rooms are quiet and spacious, and the wifi is free.  Although we had to pay for parking, it's no different than paying to park by the convention center.  It pretty much evens out.  The scenic elevator was that of Los Angeles' The Westin Bonaventure.  You get a view of the hotel lobby and atrium before it shoots through the roof and you get a view of the great outdoors.  The lobby is decorated nicely and check-in/check-out is speedy and friendly.  There are a lot of eateries at the hotel and nearby so options are plenty.  Most importantly:  There's a Starbucks nearby.  Huzzah!  It makes convention time go by more smoothly and makes me a happy camper.
3	Stayed here on a Wednesday night. It was a busy place with some sort of Republican mayoral or governor party happening in the convention area. I'll grade each of the areas I used:Room: BComfy. Seems like it was renovated in the last few years. Ample space. One knock: very, very few electrical outlets. Had to plug the iron in to the bathroom outlet.Check-in and staff: ASuper friendly and quick. Lobby: ABig, spacious, yet inviting.Restaurant/bar: BHad a quick beer before turning in. People seemed to be enjoying themselves. Location: AIn the heart of downtown. Close to everything. Intangibles: F$8.00 for water? We're in Phoenix. It's summertime. It's like 140 degrees out. $20 for internet? Are you kidding me? This is a very poor way to treat your customers - gouging them. I got this hotel for super cheap on expedia, so it was okay for a night, but based on principle alone, I would never spend more than one night here.
3	Ah yes the hotel that resembles a communist or socialist country, praying on the conference goers with no real incentive to improve the hotel itself.  Simply provide continued subpar and antiquated conditions but offer an incentive in the form of repressed prices to lure them in...A disappointing business model to say the least.  I imagine corporate simply looks at this hotel model as a steady dividend that they will ride until the income eventually erodes or the reviews simply become so awful that the Hyatt name itself becomes tarnished.The hotel pool and exercise room are so pathetic for a place of this size that it is laughable.  It's like you are being punished for attending a conference in Phoenix.The 80's style interior is clearly a decade or two behind a needed upgrade.Bright spots in this oppressive hotel include friendly staff and a lobby that is updated.  Kind of like the half built hotels and streets you heard about at the Olympics in Russia.If your an employee simply doing your job by attending the conference I guess you suck it up in the name of business profits.  However if you can afford to avoid the illusive conference priced room carrot stick, do so and pick a hotel that actually has to earn your business instead.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here.  They are so close (across the street) to the convention center.  They offer a wide array of amenities and also will store your luggage after check out for free.  This was great since my conference ended later in the day and late check out was not available.I appreciated all of the dining options and the store downstairs.  I didn't have a car when I was visiting and this made it really convenient for me the days I wasn't able to grab something at a nearby restaurant or drug store.
5	I stayed here during the Grace Hopper Conference (8000 attendees staying downtown) in early October and was very impressed. The hotel was fully booked during the week and while busy, the room was quiet. The hotel staff was top notch and very helpful during my entire stay. The room was very clean, the bed and pillows comfortable. The view from the 19th floor was beautiful (despite being woken up at 6am by a beautiful sunrise :-)). This place was convenient to the Phoenix Convention Center (across the street), many restaurants, and shopping areas. I would definitely stay here again.Free wifi was provided with for my conference, I'm not sure whether there's a charge normally.
4	What I would say is, if you're staying here, make sure to go down stairs to the second floor of the hotel and have breakfast. They open till 11am enough time to get yourself together and get your food on. The eggs was amazing. Two kinds. One with cheese and pepper the other not with cheese. Both scrambled and then the biscuit is to die for. Greedy me had to try everything, "eat all you can stuff into your system Buffett". They have all kinds of Cereals and fruits and bakeries and all and all. Just make sure you have breakfast. Oh wait, is not free. It worth the price. Just eat till you think that you've consume your money worth. Don't go late for they won't let you in :)
4	There's a large outdoor patio on the third floor. Everyone was helpful. Enjoyed my stay.
3	I was impressed by the lobby as it looked more modern and chic than what I think of for a Hyatt, but once I entered the room, it was a let down. Awkward layout, small TV and popcorn ceilings, BUT the bed was very comfortable. The toiletries also included toothpaste and makeup wipes which were nice additions.Valet parking is $28/night or $19/night for self, however the Chase garage next door has 24 hour parking for $14.There's an Einsteins in the lobby which is nice for breakfast, but the only other food option is their revolving Compass Room restaurant. The gym was nice and spacious, with a large selection of machines. For a hotel, they had a better than average gym.Overall, this hotel is not a bad choice for the area, but I would never pay full price for it. I also didn't like that they're not pet friendly. We got a great deal through Priceline, otherwise for comparable price I prefer the Kimpton Palomar.
1	How far this company has fallen. From a technology standpoint, they have a clock radio that supports only 30 pin Apple devices. The TV is HD compatible but is only getting an analog signal. They are also charging me for WiFi even though I am here for a conference where it is supposed to be free.So sad they need to nickle and dime guests. It is like being at motel 8. Room is clean but the shower gets no light. It is the game of guess what to clean next. Boo Prichards.
3	I was impressed by the lobby as it looked more modern and chic than what I think of for a Hyatt, but once I entered the room, it was a let down. Awkward layout, small TV and popcorn ceilings, BUT the bed was comfortable. The toiletries also included toothpaste and makeup wipes which were nice additions. The atrium layout also makes for a long walk from the elevator.Valet parking is $28/night or $19/night for self, however the Chase garage next door has 24 hour parking for $14.There's an Einsteins in the lobby which is nice for breakfast, but the only other food option is their revolving Compass Room restaurant. The gym was nice and spacious, with a large selection of machines. For a hotel, they had a better than average gym.Overall, this hotel is not a bad choice for the area, but I would never pay full price for it. I also didn't like that they're not pet friendly. We got a great deal through Priceline, otherwise for comparable price I prefer the Kimpton Palomar.
5	My review isn't so specific to the Hyatt Regency as it is the Compass Room inside of the Hyatt Regency hotel.If you're looking for a special place in Downtown Phoenix for a late-night drink or maybe a delicious bite of dessert paired with a bubbly glass of champagne, the Compass Room is definitely the place to go. Where else can you go to enjoy a 360-degree view of the valley that doesn't require hiking boots and a camelback backpack?The beverage menu is extensive, so they will be able to satisfy whatever you have a hankerin' for and the prices are only slightly higher than what you would pay at your non-rotating restaurant of choice.Service is always great and most importantly, the view is worth every penny. Bonus points if you bring folks from out of state.
