4	This is a biker friendly bar. Ice cold beer with a good selection. Excellent burgers. During the summer they have live music on Friday nights. Once it cools down outside though they have live music on Fri-Sat starting in the afternoons.
3	Not enough wait staff on Friday nights in the winter for all the snowbirds. Can't handle food fast enough for a crowd.  Update:They are trying to improve.  They have put on more staff since my review. Live music on the week ends.
2	This place has really gone downhill over the past few years. I've been going here for about 3 years (work in the area) and I've seen it go through many changes and it has changed owners and as the new owners continue to change things.First, smoking lounge is gone and they're now making way for the "Blue Adobe Trading Post" where they will continue to sell the horribly tacky, garish, and overpriced rhinestone handbags, shirts, and belts that they've been selling at the bar section recently.It also seems like they change out the furniture every two months or so. I don't get why they keep doing this, how they can afford to buy so much furniture, and what the reason for it is. The place is also kept a little too dark for what its trying to be.The menu used to be pretty large, but is pretty overpriced for what they offer and for the place. They cut the menu down to a page or two a few weeks ago, but it is still overpriced.
4	Great Reuben. They definitely know how to make a sandwich.
3	Food is decent .... nothing to rave about, portions are good and fairly priced.
4	If you are driving through Florence you must stop in and grab a bite to eat. Large outside patio with smoking and a great view.
4	My family hosted the First Annual Eddie Martinez Cinco de Mayo at the River Bottom Grill on 5/4/13 and it was awesome!!! River Bottom went above and beyond to help make this a successful fundraising event! The food and drinks were great and the space was perfect for the event.  There was a bounce house and water slide for the kids along with facepainting, sno cones, silent auction, cake auction, etc.  It was amazing to see the town of Florence come together to support my cousin's husband, Eddie in his battle against cancer.  My husband and I will definitely be back and look forward to next year's event!
4	So a wildfire (no joke) forced us to turn around on Highway 77 and head back to Globe and then take Highway 79 back to Tucson after a day of boating on Roosevelt Lake.  Using Yelp I found the River Bottom Grill in Florence and it was the perfect stop.  It is a smaller place, more of a bar but also has a good menu with many options.I ordered the Atomic Burger with garlic fries.  The burger was pretty good and was topped with cheese, bacon, jalapenos and siracha sauce.  Overall it was pretty good and hit the spot.  The garlic fries were great though!  They were steak fries covered in chunks of garlic and some melted garlic butter...my breath still smells like garlic!The wife ordered the Cowboy Burger with regular steak fries and she said it was pretty good as well.For the size of the bar they had a decent selection of beers on tap.  They had San Tan Devil's Ale, Blue Moon, 1755, Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy and a bunch of the big brewery beers.A great little stop if you ever find yourself in Florence!
5	Wandering in to places like this makes always being on the road bearable. The owner Randy and his wife are good, solid people that really make you feel welcome.  It has a roadhouse vibe to it that is just cool as hell. The people you'll meet here are all friendly and you can be sure you'll hear some great stories and stay laughing. In one sitting we met the asst mayor and a judge, sitting next to out of town bikers as the local cat made its rounds (we were on the back patio, lol). Will DEFINITELY be back when we are in the area!
4	My wife & I stopped in for the first time yesterday. We were a little learly because of all the bikers there. Went in anyway because we were hungry. The bikers were all over 50 and behaving themselves. Nice bar and outside patio where they had  good music. The burger was good and the home made sweet potato fries were excellent. The beer was cold and good choices. We both had a dark draft beer. Service was excellent. My only negavive comment is the cook shouts out ORDER READY whenever a order is ready for pickup. It gets annoying when you are seated close to the kitchen. OWNER PLEASE BUY THE COOK A BELL. ONE DING IS ALL U NEED.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE and save your money! Went there 3/1/2014 with my 2 kids and had a horrible experience. Far from family friendly. We also took a certificate from restaurant.com since they say they accept them and they refused to take it from us. The food is 100% greasy food and way over priced. Find another place and save your money so that you are not disappointed and waste your hard earned money!
1	This is by far the worst meal I have had at a restaurant in years. How on earth can you screw up a pulled pork sandwich-twice!  First it was burnt on the edges but cold inside, then when I sent it back they obviously nuked it so long that it was literally not chewable. The fries were soggy and greasy. Add the lousy service to that and count it as the perfect home of a very lousy meal. On the bright side, at least the beer was cold. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
4	Planned a little day trip and drive to Florence, Arizona, and knew I had to stop here for lunch.  Hadn't been here in about four years, but seemed to have remembered liking this place . . . and my memory was correct.The beer was good and cold . . . had a couple of Shock Top drafts . . . the wait staff and bartenders were cheerful and talkative . . . the atmosphere was as I remembered it . . . kinda biker / dive barish.Ordered the Road King burger and steak fries . . . burger was good, not great (three napkins), and would have like it a little less done (more toward medium) . . . and the steak fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside . . . just the way I like them.I will definitely be back . . . even if I have to plan a day trip again.
2	Spending the day with my Aunt and Mom we stopped in here to have a beer. The crappiest beer I've ever had. If you're not a Florence local first thank your lucky stars and second prepare to be stared at. The bartender needs to wear a clean bra if she's going to wear a shirt that showcases it. Well, she needs to wear a bra that fits.
3	After having a great time riding around town, stopped here and had some brewskis and a snack or two. My sis, daughter, and I ordered some draft beers. They got Bud lights, and I got a Sierra Nevada something or other as they were out of Fat Tire on tap. Should have ordered bottles. The beer was not cold, and we all like our beers ice cold. Sis and daughter ordered burgers and fries, and I ordered an order of garlic fries (was worried about vampires in the area, lol). They said their burgers were ok, and the garlic fries were as promised- garlicky. Thank goodness Pixie had gum when we left. I ordered a margarita on the rocks, and I'd give it a 7/10 limes. Honestly, it was better than I expected.  We are not locals and needed a place for a cold one or two. This place fits that bill. I do wish there would have been a juke box to play.
5	Nice bar and grill.  Great for bikers. Nice outdoor seating.  Lots of nice events.  Just at the edge of a great little town.  Menu changed since I've last been here but still great burgers and sandwiches.   Great friendly staff as well! Always stop here on my way through Florence.
5	Great food, friendly fun bartenders, lots of fun in a amazing historic feeling building with a huge patio.
4	Since the burgers didn't get rave reviews, we went with the sweet chili wings and also the pulled pork no bun.  Both were very good!
5	Great selection of beers and the bar tender Lisa was great. If you like local craft beers this is a great stop
