4	Good bagels a little expensive for a toasted bagel and cream cheese. We also ordered the turkey sandwiches for lunch later on and they were decent but not worth $7 a piece.
3	There are several locations and there can be a huge differnce in product quality and service from one to the next. The 16th Street & Camleback location makes the absolute best chipotle turkey wrap (and I've tried it at four different locations). They layer the turkey, cheese and lettuce so that you don't bite into big chunks of any one but get all the flavors in each bite. For $7 you definitely get a lot of good, fresh food.
2	This should be a four- or five-star place. But the service brings it down. The bagels are excellent, and there's nothing wrong with the food. But the staff leaves the coffee too long - it always tastes burnt / bitter / terrible (just go next door and get a Starbucks). They also take no interest in the cleanliness of the place - I have never seen someone come out and wipe down tables or sweep up debris. Staff turnover is high and competence is low; they tend to have an attitude.
5	I have to say, I try to go to indie-restaurants as much as possible, but I love Einstein's six-cheese bagels and the dutch apple bagels.  So, stopping there to fill my craving I had a most pleasant experience. This was a Friday morning, busy but not like the usual weekend insanity.  The staff was so friendly, clearly remembering some regulars.  The manager was hustling around, checking on customers, taking orders to tables and bringing out fresh coffee.  The service was so quick and friendly!  Good job guys!
1	All I can say is yuck. I expect a lot from chain/franchises. Maybe the food won't be the highest quality, but the service and cleanliness should be right on. And it should be fast.I went here a couple of times and was dissapointed every single time. The last time I went, I got a bagel with cream cheese for take out. I got home and started eating it and, would you believe it, it tasted like cigarettes!! Clearly, whoever made it had just been smoking, came back inside, and made my food without washing their hands!!!! Respulsive, I didn't even bother to go back to complain.I will never give Einsteins my business again.Looking through Yelp, I see a ton of bad reviews about all of the Einsteins. You would think corporate would take these reviews from the general population into some serious consideration. We may not be official food critics, but we do know what is going on.
3	In the mornings, I like to stop off and get myself some coffee and a treat of some sort before I roll into work.  I stop here because its close to work.I can't say that I'm really a fan of Einstein's...they lack in so many areas, but I continue to go because I guess their just there, and its easy to stop in.I'm not all impressed with this location.  The service is slow, their coffee bar area is slow to be restocked and half the time I have to ask for refills on coffee creamer, and other times its just long lines at like 7 am due to the slow service.  Plus, their bagels are not all that great to begin with.  I usually stick with the muffins myself, since they are usually pretty good, and the prices are A-okay.Overall, its not that bad of a place, but Einstein's has become rather bland and boring over the years, leaving me desperate for better service, better bagels and a mostly generic feel.  blah.  I will say, at least this location has a decent amount of seating!
2	Okay Einstein's store on Camelback and 16th Street, I have to ding you for this. DON'T sweeten the ice tea. Your brewed Spontineatea (or however you spell it) is great WITHOUT the simple syrup. Let customers choose to sweeten their drink if they want. I spent $1.99 on a large tea that I couldn't drink without it triggering my gag reflex. Poured most of it down the drain instead. Nasty stuff.Until you offer plain old unsweetened ice tea I'm not giving you your star back.
5	Einstein's is one of my all time favorite places.  I adore bagels, and there is nothing better in the world than a BLT on an everything bagel.  And they can do it right.  I'm sure there are quainter, less corporate mom and pop bagel places out there, but for my money, I like knowing what I'm getting, and knowing that it's gonna be good every time  I go in.
5	Honey Whole Wheat, double toasted, with butter and peanut butter... Don't go "ewww that's gross!!"  try it. . it's delicious.So that's my order every time I go to Einsteins and guess what? These guys are the one location that can make it just perfect.  I live right next to one and I had to ask them to triple toast it one time because their toaster was set to "warm blown air"  .. well not really, but it seemed like it.  Then the girl putting on the peanut butter, might as well have been using a tea spoon for the tiny amount she gave me.So not to bash that location.. but yes, this place just rocked.  they are super fast and if you get there at the right time, there is no wait.
4	This is a nice treat I allow myself once in a while. I love the garlic bagel. (Truth...I wish Einstein's did not put sesame seeds on their garlic bagel but they added that years ago and I don't think they will ever switch back.)The service here has always been quick and they almost always give just the right amout of cream cheese.
5	Sometimes the line can get long so be prepared. Always good service and great food/well stocked.
4	Super busy on Saturday morning, but worth the wait...the bagels were fresh and delicious!  Sit on the patio at Camelback instead of at the main entrance on the back side...more space to spread out!  Very friendly staff too!
2	Like most Einstein locations, I'm unimpressed with the way the business is run.  The bagels aren't  bad, but they're not worth the aggravation it takes to obtain one.  The line was crazy long on a Wednesday morning at 8:30am, there already was a severe shortage in options because several bagels and pastries were already sold out, and after ordering you continue to wait in line just to pay.There are some pluses.  This location has plenty of seating (however, most of it is outside on a shared patio with Starbucks and a sandwich shop).  It's a short walk from the Camelback automile, which makes it one of the best places to grab something to eat if you're getting your car serviced around breakfast or lunchtime.  It's also open until 5pm which is actually pretty late for an Einstein.Judging by the fact that I've reviewed three Einstein locations, and given all of them just two stars, I'm guess that most of the problems come down from the corporate level.  However, each location seems to always have a steady flow of customers, so why should they work to improve the massive flaws?
4	Great service love their yogurt parfait with fresh fruit
5	Love Einstein's! Great selection of bagels and also a great selection of cream cheese shmears. You can come in and experiment with all the combinations; different bagels, cream cheeses, get it toasted, not toasted, plain or all spiced up. Folks behind the counter are friendly. Get my order right ..yep.. every. single. time. Want to save money on your coffee while enjoying yummy bagel? Just bring your travel mug for discount price. Not an Einstein's mug? No problem! Heck, you could even bring in your Starbucks mug (from nextdoor) and refill it here for cheap. Deal! Great sitting area outside. Want to walk, jog, or bring the dog here on Saturday? Perfect spot for it. Sitting inside and forgot your newspaper? Everyone shares the 'community' paper around here. I have to give it 5 stars :-) Yup..Every time I venture to a new bagel spot I always come back to Einstein's.
5	Jenny loves smiles!  And it shows!  First of all, the coffee was hot, and I mean hot!  But, let's be honest, it is supposed to be!  The bagel was very good, perfectly toasted, and when I asked if I could order an extra side of veggie schmear, she said "absolutely"! (free of charge!)The customer service was excellent, the restaurant was clean, and Jenny-you are very good at your job,  it shows through all of your employees.  Keep up the great work!
2	For long story short, skip to the bottom- I love Einstein's. The variety of bagels and shmear are great. The customer service is always fast and they have you moving along. At this location, all the employees are friendly and are prompt to get things done for you except when you ask for coffee to be brewed.. I ordered a bagel and coffee to go around 8:05 am and got through the line and checked out at 8:08 am. Fast, right? There was no autumn brewed coffee out so I asked when it would be ready and they said shortly. So I decide to eat my bagel there and check back in around 8:20 and ask of they're even going to make any and he said he would go in the back and check. He didn't give me an update so... I wait.  I finished the other half of my bagel  and check back in around 8:30 and they said in a couple minutes. I know I shouldn't have wasted my time, but I was curious to if they actually meant a few minutes so, I waited. I did not see anything out by 8:40 so I said "fuck it", sucked it up and got Vanilla Hazelnut coffee and walked out..Long story short, their Autumn brewed coffee is my favorite (you have no idea) and after asking 3 times for it and waiting 40 minutes and it still was not ready, it would be faster for you to buy the damn coffee grounds and brew it yourself at home or at the office. I know, it's just coffee, but lets be real.. It's disappointing to specifically go in for your favorite coffee and not even get it.
2	Einstein's is an okay chain.  It's not my favorite but in a pinch, it can hit the spot.  This location, however, leaves a lot to be desired.  I've stopped in multiple times due to the convenient location but I always leave disappointed.  The food here is the standard Einstein's fare.  I'm not a real bagel fan but I have sampled a few of the breakfast sandwiches.  They were okay, nothing memorable.  I usually stop in for a coffee or a latte.This last visit really made me mad.  I ordered a hot chai latte and ended up leaving with something else (never figured out what the drink was).  Unfortunately, I was a good ways down the road before the drink had cooled enough for me to take a sip.  Aaargh!What really annoys me about this location is the lack of customer service.  I've found that the folks working behind the counter are rather gruff and unfriendly. On this last visit, the young lady didn't greet me and refused to look me in the eye.  It's been a similar story with my previous visits.  The store seems to stay fairly busy in the morning hours.  I don't know if this contributes to the service problem or not.  Either way, I've made my final visit.  I can get a hot drink elsewhere.
2	Service has been only okay all three times we came here. Order was wrong 3/3 times. General manager gave me a free drink, but with a poor attitude; that doesn't make up for $20 of mistakes. We will no longer come here. Also, $9 for egg, cheese and a bagel? Too much.
4	I don't have bagels very often but decided to meet my brother today for coffee and a nosh.We arrived at 11:30, both of us were starved.  He ordered a toasted plain with a schmear. (He's a food purist!) I grabbed a lox on pumpernickel with capers and an onion schmear, along with their house coffee.Our meal was delicious.  Einstein's is good for a quickly prepared snack.  It's not fancy but is well located and there are lots of great selections.  I like their coffee a lot more than many other retailers as well, so try to have some whenever I go.  I just wish they carried more sugar-free syrups.I have had their bagel dogs in the past and enjoyed them.  And, of course, the fall season brings pumpkin bagels and the transcendental pumpkin cream cheese.  I try to have at least one or two of those during that time!I recommend Einstein's for it's service and variety!
1	They forgot a $3 bagel and when I call to inform the manager says it's no problem and to come back in the next day for a replacement. The next day I did that very thing, except the manager was not working and told nobody about the mistake. So there I am the next day with a skeptical staff of employees thinking I am trying to scam them. They were getting ready to give me the shorted bagel after they asked me 5 questions, but by that time I was embarrassed in front of a crowd of people, which quickly turned into anger and I walked out donating to a company that does not appear to need donations.There was another indecent a week earlier where I ordered a Bagel Strudel and got some hard stale loaf of something with nuts and berries in it. I ate 1/2 and threw it away and never complained.
3	I love the bagels here. They are tasty and always taste fresh. I would eat here for breakfast every weekend if I could! However, some locations are better than others- they are not always consistent.
1	Have been coming to this location since it opened many years ago.  Service and quality of food have always great.  BUT, things have recently gone downhill.  On the past 6 or 7 visits nearly every order has had errors, either duplicate items added to the order or incorrect items delivered.  Twice, we've ended up with a duplicate sandwich.  Neither time did either the order taker or cashier mention that we had two of the same sandwiches.  And the multiple sandwiches with incorrect items are simply a sign of the "whatever" philosophy this Einsteins has seemingly recently adopted.  This used to be the primo Einsteins in the Valley.  So good, in fact it was the one many new managers were trained at.  WHAT HAPPENED???
