5	Tony Williams picked us up at the Pittsburgh airport on Thanksgiving evening to take us to the Omni Hotel.He is so nice, courteous, caring and classiest driver I have ever had.He drives a black Cadillac that is very comfortable and spotless. He has a great personality.I will always use him when traveling to the Burgh.Hope you will try him as well.Call him at 412-638-4790
5	Used Tony's car service from downtown Pittsburgh out to the airport during a recent trip, and recommend it highly!  The service was professional, prompt, and reasonably priced.  The late model Lincoln Town Car was clean and comfortable!
5	First of all let me state that I am very ecstatic I found this company. They (Daniel was my driver) not only answered their phone, were available, gave me accurate estimated time of arrival, showed up in clean immaculate luxury car, well spoken and well groomed driver and dropped me off at my destination in a timely manner. The fare was reasonable with the total cost being several (2 or 3) dollars higher than regular cab fare. I can honestly tell you that if this company was available in every city, I would never call a regular cab company again. Meanwhile, rest assured that anytime I'm in Pittsburgh, PA I will use this car service.
5	The best car service in the burgh hands down.  Always available and willing to go just about anywhere.  Who needs a cab when these guys are just a phone call away!  Highly recommend you try them out...
5	First class service all the way.  These guys are the way a professional car service should be run, they may single handedly put Yellow Cab out of business.  I called during a blizzard on a Sunday afternoon thinking there was no way I would be able to get picked up in Shadyside and dropped off in Market Square.  Not only was I picked up right away, but it was by the owner himself and he couldn't have been a nicer guy.  Brand new Caddy's and first class service, these guys can't be beat.  I hope the best for his company, because its about time somebody stepped in and filled a huge gap that's missing in the industry around here.  If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.
5	I highly recommend Tony's Car Service.  I needed a ride from the airport to my relative's residence in the South Hills.  I filled out a reservation form online then called Tony to ask some questions.  He immediately answered the phone, already had my information saved, and my plans were finalized in minutes.  When I landed, Tony had already texted me to say where he would pick me up at the airport.  He was helpful and friendly.  Tony loves his city, which was a lot of fun for me being a native and back for a visit.  The return to the airport was just as smooth - Tony confirmed the pick-up time with me ahead of time, texted when he arrived, and quickly/safety got me back to the airport.I considered renting a car but Tony was just more convenient and more economical.  I will call Tony next time I need a ride in the great city of Pittsburgh.
5	I must say that they are the best! I travel often and use apps like uber/lyft/taximagic when I'm out of pittsburgh and there is truly no comparison. I wish I could take them with me to every city. I've had great experiences with tony, dan, carmen, and rich. The car is always clean and on time. I highly recommend if you don't want to play the yellow cab game or spend a fortune with booking a car through any other limo company to call tony williams car service. 5 stars!
5	I cannot say enough great things about this company and our driver! We had a car pick us up from our wedding reception and the driver could not have been more professional or helpful! The car was beautiful and spotless! It was also very affordable! I would recommend them 100%! So glad we found them!!!!
5	Great service! Courteous drivers, and super clean and comfortable cars! So far, I've used their service 3 times and have been very satisfied!
5	Absolutely first class service.  My driver, Tim, was outstanding.  Great communicator, excellent car, safe driver, and dependable.   We had to change our plans due to bad weather and flight changes, and Tim proved to be flexible as well as dependable.  Highly recommended.
5	better then lyft, ride is style, in a comfortable and clean car, with great drivers, who are quick and efficient.
5	I travel quite frequently so I use a lot of cabs and car services, this was by far the best ride I've ever had.  I had the opportunity to ride with Rich and I must tell you he was awesome.  Not only did he take me where I needed to go he also made it a point to tell me about some of the parts of Pittsburgh we drove through.  This was not just a ride but an experience as well.  I will use this service every time I'm in the Pittsburgh area.  Once again thanks for the ride Rich.
5	The absolute best!  Ricardo was on time, dressed impeccably with a shirt and tie, and driving a beautiful Cadillac sedan.  When I arrived at the airport, and turned on my phone, he had sent me a text  informing me exactly where to meet him.  He was a wonderful tour guide-extremely infomative  regarding all facets of the city of Pittsburgh.  Tim from the car service was also extremely helpful in making and coordinating my reservations.  Since I am relocating to this wonderful city in two months, I'm thrilled to have a reliable car service at my disposal.
5	Driver arrived early and beat me to the train station. Car was clean and comfy. The driver was friendly throughout the ride but also let me just chill out when I stopped talking. He even added the nice touch of handing me a bottle of Fiji water for the ride. All in all, great service! I recommend it.
5	This is the absolute greatest car service I have ever used, and I have used a lot. We were lucky enough to have Rich,both to and from the airport, plus some in-town trips. He was on time, the car was spotless, and he was able to answer every question we came up with. Tony, the main owner, was very prompt, pleasant, and efficient whenever we spoke on the phone, and carefully verified all arrangements to make sure we were all on the same page. I really can't say enough about how impressed I am with this service, and how totally awesome Rich is. Highly recommended.
5	100% positive experience. On time, very friendly, knowledgable, and clean car.  Tim was great.  Will use again next time I'm in Pittsburg.
5	Great, reliable service. Picked me up downtown and got me to the airport in a half hour in packed, rush hour traffic. Car was extremely clean and driver was very professional. Would definitely use them again. So glad I found them through Yelp.
5	I needed a safe, reliable ride from the airport because I had a tight time frame. Saw the great reviews on yelp and I am totally satisfied with the service. On time, professional, got me to my event on time. Highly recommend!
5	Great to have a reliable service for late-night arrivals and a ride to the South Hills.  Friendly, flexible and reasonably priced - you can't go wrong with these guys! Highly recommend!
1	No show!! For an airport run at 4:30am. Filled out an online request, received a text, spoke to a dispatcher and all was set. Called at 4:32 when the car hadn't arrived to be told "I don't see you on my sheet"Yeah, ok. Overpriced and unreliable!
5	TL;DR Reliable. Professional. Clean cars. Good drivers. Punctual. Quick. You get what you pay for.It's hard to add anything that hasn't already been said before. This is my go-to guy when driving to the airport. The good thing is, he's good. The sad thing is, there's no similar competing service in Pittsburgh.
5	I recently visited Pittsburgh, and I really enjoyed using Tony Williams Car Service.  His pricing was much better than Yellow Cab and Uber.  The sedan I was picked up in was first class and the service was amazing.  This is perfect service all around.
5	I used tony Williams this morning to the Amtrak train station. Driver showed up 5 mins early and text us. The service is very good and price is very fair. Will use them again next time! Highly recommended :D
