4	Wow, I'm surprised no one has left a review for this place yet. I've been here quite a number of times and I've never been disappointed. Service is good and the food is wonderful. This is the closest thing to getting Chinese food from D.C.  You definitely have to get the general tso's chicken. I drove all the way to get some food from here during last years horrible winter storm. When you have a craving, you have a craving.
2	I ate china house for dinner. I had the shrimp and broccoli in garlic sauce combo that came with pork fried rice and an egg roll. I substituted steamed rice for the fried rice. I also got wonton soup (small). The price was great! For all of that and a can if sprite I paid 10.17! And the service was prompt and the lady in the front was very pleasant! Bottom line is the garlic sauce on the shrimp and broccoli was not good at all! It was very thick to the pony of sticky. It was like an old sweet an sour sauce with a little spice. I could barely pick the shrimp out because the sauce was that gross. The portion size was nice. The wonton soup was fine. Basically I will most likely give this place one more chance with a different item on the menu because of its proximity to my house and the great customer service. Hope I have better luck next time!
5	I visited PA in 2012, where I stayed for a month. During that time, I stumbled upon this little gem when the hotel offered me some menus from around the area. I took a shot on China House and was so unbelievably surprised by the food. It was easily the best Chinese food I've ever eaten, and that's saying a lot, as Chinese is, without a doubt, my favorite cuisine, so I've eaten it a lot in my life. the boneless ribs were the juiciest, most tender boneless ribs I've ever had; the rice was superb, and the egg rolls were amazing. It was so good, I wound up eating there numerous times in that month I was there, and still today, I find myself comparing it to the Chinese food here in Miami where I live. Still have not found any that comes close to PA's China House. My father felt the same way, and when he learned he might have to go back to PA in Sept, he taunted me with how he was going to the China House, it was that amazing! On a final note, it was so good, I made sure to bring back a menu from there so I wouldn't forget where it was, in case I go back.
4	try the sesame chicken or mixed vegetables w fried tofu- ask for it spicy. the owners are very nice too.
1	i just ate half of a cockroach.  Gross.  Never going here again.
5	China House is my new go to Chinese take out restaurant in Pittsburgh ever since yen's closed up and then changed hands. Keep in mind it's a take out place. You're not expecting to get gourmet food on gold lined plates - you're getting tasty food in plastic containers and not eating there. (There's only two tables)With that in mind it's great. Big portions and I've never been let down. Sometimes you get free stuff too. Coupons for 10% off and free soda.
