4	4.1666666Alexis is your alomst typical Diner setting. If I remember corectly this was a Country Kitchen  back in its day. They have a great selection of Breakfast, lunch and dinner. The specials are hard to beat. They also have some greek food too. I had a grilled bacon (yum) and cheese (yum) on toasted sourdough (yum) with a side salad and homemade rice pudding. $4.32 !Sandwich = 5Salad = 3.5Rice Pudding =4The decor is bad, pink and countryish. The service was excellent. The food was excellent. The price was more then fair. I actually felt like I ripped them off so I left a nice tip. LOLPS The Montecristo is a great sandwich too.
4	Alexi's is always a great place to go for breakfast, and that's what we normally do at Alexi's.  We haven't been there for lunch or dinner much.Breakfast is always a good experience.  As long as you know the right server you are going to get good service.  Don't be hesitant to ask to sit in the server's section.  They like that.Alexi's prices are always reasonable for their meals.  The breakfast specials are usually 3.99 and come with all that you would need.Yesterday I had the biscuits and gravy for the first time.  They were alright, nothing I would rave about, though.The omelets are good, and the toast is almost always perfectly toasted.  Some of the strawberry jam and I'm set for the morning.Enjoy!
2	I wasn't terribly impressed with the breakfast I had here. I ordered biscuits and gravy, with a scrambled egg and bacon.The egg was flavorless, the bacon was kind of wimpy, and the biscuit and gravy was subpar.Seems like a friendly enough place, but I don't think I'd go back.
3	I was really unimpressed.  They get a weak 3 based mainly on the service which was the strong point of the visit this morning.Arriving about 8 on a Thursday morning the restaurant was about full.  Given the choice between a booth and the counter I chose a booth.  Ordered decaf which there was afresh pot brewing and it came in a few minutes.  Ordered the Country breakfast (normally $5.99 but was the daily special at $4.99) with 2 eggs, a split biscuit with gravy and 2 slices of bacon.The biscuits were ok.  I prefer a sausage gravy rather than the pepper gravy they make but it was ok.  The bacon was tasty but thin and not lean.  The eggs were runny in the middle.The building and interior was showing a lot of wear.  There ware a lot of regulars even after the morning rush of folks heading off to work.  The service was really good and friendly.Overall this place was a reasonable value in that you could get a breakfast at fast food prices with wait service.  Not sure I would make it part of a regular rotation but I may stop again because of where it is in relation to where I travel.
3	My fiance and I discovered Alexis while moving into the area. Covered in moving filth, hungry, and not wanting to talk to anyone (including each other) after a long day of hauling boxes up and down stairs we stumbled into the diner. Decor is drab and out dated, but who cares. We went 3 times that week until I un packed our pans, perfect spot for a club sandwich and a cup of way too salty chili (which I really like). All brought to your table my a surly older lady that is vaguely reminiscent of Flo, I always expect her to tell someone to kiss her gits. Its nothing amazing, but its not horrible, and you can find at least five members of the family that owns it in the corner booth near the kitchen at any given time.
4	This place deserves a high rating, because it is great at what it is.  The decor is 1970s, and the clientele are in their 70s :).  It's an old fashioned family style restaurant with comfort food your Mom made you as a child.  It reminds me of the Midwest, which I do have good memories of.Everything I've had has been delicious, from a chorizo skillet to meatloaf-mashed potatoes-green peas.  Kicking it old school!
3	Retro place with wallpaper that is decades old, literally.  This place has an old school diner feel, with some odd similarities to other places - the plates are similar to those Denny's uses, and the brown brick floor is just like the ones you see at McDonalds.  Food is very mediocre though, and regular prices are steep for what you get (hit the weekday specials if you come here).  Staff was alright.  Lot of obese patrons here for some reason.
5	Down home french toast with whipped butter, yummy!   My boyfriend had the skillet which was cheesey, bacony and hot!  Belly warming goodness everytime.Breakfast on the weekends, this is my favorite spot.  This ol' diner has no fancy bells and whistles, country decor wall paper with old fashioned sweet customer service.  I love the sweet ladies that work here and the meals are made quick, no long wait.   They have a small TV by the counter bar where I've been able to catch a soccer game once or twice.  I ask nicely to change the channel.  :)
4	I've driven by alexis about a hundred times and kept thinking I should stop in but never got the chance. Today was an errand day, so I thought it might be nice to fuel up first and alexis hit the spot. This will certainly be my new weekend breakfast spot.I opted for the corned beef hash and it was prepared just the way I like it! The hasbrowns are sorta flaky and browned and super yummy. My bf got pancakes and they were fluffy and tasty. One of the best parts was that the little jelly holder had apple butter! Haven't had it ages - yummmm! The portions were large, I only made it through half of my meal and my bf finished his, but just about had to undo the button on his pants hehe. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. I'm giving this place 4 stars but its more like 4.5....it smelled funny when we walked in and we almost left, although I'm glad we didnt. It also took a bit to get the check. The decor is also far outdated, but charming in my opinion.My own little gem in my hood, glad I stopped in and looking forward to my return!
2	I came in and it felt like i had five waitresses.  The tip's going to suck if they have to split it five ways.  I came in with a party of 4 for breakfast.  The sausage links were burnt.  My steak had black burn marks where it was charred, but was still too rare at other spots.  Even the english muffins were too black.  The only thing that turned out right was the kids meal, scrambled eggs and toast.  I won't be back.
4	I have lived in Deer Valley for quite a while now and I drive by Alexi's at least twice a day yet, I have never ate there. Well, my wife and I figured what the hell and gave it a shot. Not too bad! We have gone twice now and the food and service has been great. Prices were very fair for what you get. I tried the chix fried streak and the eggs with corned beef hash, my wife had the breakfast burrito - all very good and filling!Now, the bad news. Old, Old, Old! From the wallpaper, the booths, the servers, & the patrons. It reminded me of an old 70's retirement diner. Think a little like Mel's Diner meets Golden Girls.. Anyway, looking past that - the place has some good food for the right price! You can feed the family here and not break the bank! Plus, it's a local Mom & Pop place that needs support - Better than Denny's or IHOP...
1	Just finished our 1st and our last meal here...the food was average like a denny's or  IHOP. I won't say I won't eat there again just because the whites of my husbands eggs weren't cooked it could happen to anyone. The reasons we won't eat there again are because we watched the cook go into & out of the restroom with his apron on GROSS! The staff was not rude but I have no idea what our servers name was because she didn't say more than 10 words to us the entire meal. The restaurant is very outdated the walls and floors could use a good scrubbing and it is very poorly lit...my 1st thought was they need Robert from Food Networks Restaurant Impossible!
5	This place puts a smile on my face! It's silly because it looks like a granny decorated it, but the food is probably better than most of my grandma's food-so who's to complain?I got the turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes. I was so surprised when it came out with real carved turkey!! I felt like it was Thanksgiving! The potatoes were super yummy too! My bf got the pork tenderloin sandwich-it was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. I would definitely come back :)
3	Uneventful food...
5	As a coffee shop, this place easily deserves five stars for overall consistency of excellent service and good food.Always very prompt seating and the restaurant is very well staffed for efficient service.  The wait staff are always courteous and seem to like working there.  The quality food is above average for this class of restaurant.   Stopped in today for lunch and had really good grilled ham and cheese with fries.  Washed it down with iced tea.  Service was great.  The total bill came to $9.38 without tip.A very well run restaurant.
4	Sunday, 8:30pm, am starving! Tried Yelp for places with home-cooked food, NOT fast food yick, that were still open! Alexis was recommended. It was very clean, booths with pleasant lighting. Had fried chicken.  It's unusual to find a family- owned restaurant with tasty home-cooked food at very reasonable prices. Am going back on the morning for their $3.99 breakfast!
5	Great place for a casual dinning experience. Good food at a good price and close to home. My daughter loves it because sometimes someone makes her a balloon animal.This is family run restaurant, a real testament to the American dream that sometimes the average guy (family) can make good!!
4	First time here. Lets seeWell it was down home simple food. They carter to us seniors, which is nice. I did go back for a second time and did the salad and sandwich. Simple, but tasty.Yes I'm going back. Service was great, food in the good price range.
3	I've been here for breakfast twice in the last week.  They have great breakfast deals - 4 different breakfast deals for $3.99 every week day ($4.99 on weekends).  I had one of their breakfast specials on their first visit and the food was average diner food.  The next time I had the minced ham and scrambled eggs which were swimming in butter and just not good.  I would stick with the breakfast specials going forward.
4	I go here if I want simple, home-cooked kind of meals. It's a simple place with simple ideas serving decent food. Love the fried chicken, turkey dinner is okay and the pork chops were pretty good.
3	It is what it is - a little slice of small town America on a street corner in a big city.  It was clean.  The service was great.  It was interesting ease-dropping on an old guy sharing his military memories with a young sgt. back from Iraq.  Now for the food...Robert Irvin of Restaurant Impossible would have said - frozen chicken fried steak, powdered mashed potatoes, canned brown gravy and bitter lettuce in the salad.  Disappointing.  I'll try breakfast some time because that has to be cooked from scratch ( I hope!).
4	The best cheap breakfast in the area.. I Have been going here for years
3	Served very quick. Had bacon and sausage omelet with hash browns. Delicious. Would come back if I visit Phoenix again.
1	Tried this place because of it's reviews and was sadly disappointed.  If you like frozen food and stuff out of a can than its your place.  I prefer to pay a little more and have  my stuff prepared fresh from scratch.  I had the corned beef hash and eggs.  The hash was out of a can (geez I can do that myself), the country potatoes were a bit under done and the over easy eggs looked more like poached eggs.  The coffee was ok but I guess they cap it at one refill because my cup was at the edge for a refill but was never noticed.  The service was ok but once the food was served that was the last I seen of my server.  IHOP and Bill Johnson's are just down the road and would be a better choice, maybe even the Waffle House!
1	Depressing beyond words. The service wasn't bad but again, depressing. The food was fair and that's being kind. The over all feel had me rushing to escape.
3	Nothin special. Nothin to rave about. Typical diner food. Tastes good enough. I had the biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon. Food is cheap so I'd say its worth it. Orange juice was served warm. I got a small and it was $2.19. And its really small..Service was okay.
1	Service here sucks. The food is good but part of dining out is to have a pleasant experience.  They brought the check WITH our meal, like hurry up and eat and get the funk out. We used to really like the place, they had older staff and it was like going to grandma's for breakfast.  Not the same experience these days. Will not be going back!
1	I stopped there yesterday afternoon.  Place was nearly empty, and I ordered a daily special as I was short of time and most restaurants can serve a special quickly.  It was pork chop with a side.  There were probably 4 people in the entire place, and it still took 30 min to finally be served.  I almost left because I  was on my way to work, so it left me 5 min to eat.  The pork chop was so overcooked and tough  I could barely cut it with a knife.  My boot soles are less tough.  It was not edible.  Apparently the "cook" was so busy making orders for the other 3 people in the place, he must have forgot it in the frying pan.     I showed the waitress and she asked if I wanted another, but being out of time, that was not possible.  During the 30 min wait, I never noticed her going to check on the delay, or bother to say boo to me.   She didn't offer to at least comp my tea......nothing.  Just here is your bill, schmuck.   I paid it and left no tip, as her attitude earned it.   Wasted time and wasted money, and I will never go back. If that is any indication of their service and food, I can't imagine how they stay in business, and likely won't be much longer.
4	Came here on a sunday morning. Fast service, friendly and attentive staff. Food was good except hash browns were ehh...but all in all good time
5	I come here twice a week or so Arianna is our favorite server. We are able to eat out more often because their prices are so reasonable. Athena is usually here to take care of any problems, but we've not had any. Come over and see Joni, Nadine Michelle Marline and all the Alexis family there's plenty of booths and they'll treat you right. Be a counter fly if you like. Mike and I will see you there! We've been coming since 2005.
3	*BEWARE* soda refills are not free!!Service was good, very attentive. Food was ok except for home fries which were a little odd. Chicken fried steak could have used a little seasoning. Overall not a bad experience, but I don't think we will come back Breakfast for 2 was 21$
5	I really enjoy this place. It is an old establishment, but that doesn't interfere with the food. I haven't gone for lunch or dinner but you can't beat $3.99 breakfast on the weekdays. The restaurant staff is always nice and polite. I recommend this place if you enjoy Diner like places, good vibes, and good food!
4	I had a wicked craving for a turkey sandwich with gravy n mashed potatoes. They had it on special the day I was there. . Food was pretty good. Staff was like a small town crew. They knew many of the customers. I think I'll be bAck.
4	This was a nice friendly family restaurant. Their homemade soup was delicious!  Restaurant was clean and staff was VERY friendly.......even the staff not waiting on me.  I had the turkey club sandwich which was exceptional.
1	I would not refer anyone here!Food was decent. Servers were not knowledge about menu. So many little extra charges they do not tell you about! I.e. refills, cheese, egg beaters. Even after speaking with them about the extra fees, the did not waive the extra charges.Hash browns were disgusting, mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant from a box.
