1	I ordered a extra large pizza from this store.  We paid for delivery.  The order was placed at 530pm.  The order did not arrive until 650 pm.  I literally live not even 3 minutes from the store location.  I called at an hour to find out where the pizza was and was told it was on the way.  At 1 hour and 20 minutes I called the store location again and spoke with a manager named Trinity.  She stated that the pizza was on the way as well.  The pizza arrived approximately 2 minutes after the call to the manager Trinity.  I spoke with the driver and asked why it took so long and he stated that they only had 3 drivers and the approximate wait time was 1 hour and 20 minute.  I paid the driver and when I got the pizza inside it was not even warm anymore.
1	Very disappointed that we didn't get all of our order. I ordered 1 lg 1 lg for .30 and our free pizza. the 2 pizza's came but the last one never did. Delivery guy said he was going back to store and would be back with our free pizza NEVER Happened, Very unhappy customer. might have to change pizza companies or change to carry out and change stores...
5	I dont know why papa johns has a 1 star i give it a 5 star. i love papa johns its way better then dominos, This pizza place saved my starving stomach tonite most of the other places wouldnt even deliver to me because it was out of their way even offering a extra tip on top of the delivery charge. this pizza didnt even take long to get to me and filled me up, after waiting two hours from another pizza guy to get here i will never order from angelinas pizza again...thank you papa johns
1	Oops, wrong location!
1	I give this location zero stars, for the total lack of convenience! My husband ordered and paid for our pizza online. Now, tell me why, when I went to pick it up, the dippity-do-da idiot wouldn't let me pick it up? My husband had to show them the credit card and license. What if he was invalid and couldn't get out of bed, what then? Never going there again!
1	I have to say, this is a first. I've never had to wait 2 hours to receive a pizza. We were told it was a football night (Thursday? I don't follow football, but okay) and they were short on drivers.I could have walked there and back several times over and gotten the food myself.Needless to say, our order was barely warm and can't really vouch for the flavor. Sorry PJ's, we're sticking with Dominoes.
1	Unbelievable !! I just called to order a pizza , and the kid who answered the phone shouted out a special , I didn't get what he was saying , so I asked him again .i had to ask him 3 time to repeat him self .he didn't want to repeat it because he keep say what do o want ..He was very RUDE !! By yelling at me again ..the special , and then said NOw how can I help you ..Rude !'I know there busy but I'm a paying customer I've order pizza from them before the employees need some training on customer service and how to talk to someone in a more pleasant toon of voice .Shame on yall .. It's okay I can't order my food from someone that's nasty in the phone .I hung up and called Pizza Hut and I spent $56.,Sorry papa John's you're losing money
2	The pizza was not the best I've had from Papa Johns and they made the price seem like such a great deal but in reality its the same price at dominoes or pizza Hut.  They claimed that the $12 pizza was a student 50% off deal....ummmm, then that would make the regular price of a large  cheese pizza $24. Makes no sense,  but my niece feel for it anyway.
