5	Angie B was my hairdresser from 1994 until I moved out-of-state in 2008. She is a master with hair dye! My hair was always well cut and impeccably dyed. I did not deserve such a wonderful cut, since I often wore a hat or clipped it up like a slob, but I felt great. Anyway, Angie B and Vanessa own the salon (thus Angessa) and they keep the place feeling very positive and make you feel comfortable.  They cater to the Scottsdale crowd - ie, those that love to get groomed - and they do it without an ounce of pretension! Also, they are not wedded to a specific product line - Angie has experience with everything from Aveda to Redken to Loreal and can and will advise you on what she thinks will work best for you. Also, Angie is fantastic with up-dos and wedding hair. Note - I really cried when I moved away from Angie; it is not easy to find a hairdresser that knows your hair well.
5	Vanessa Fierro has been my stylist since 1999, when I met her at a charity cut-a-thon. Her and Angie founded Angessa 4 years ago. It is by far one of the best  full-scale salons, and offers everything from superior hair cuts and color from multiple product lines. Other services that are offered include airbrush Tans (Jen is the best), make up application, and an aesthetician for massage therapy and facials and a nail technician. I love Vanessa, and am fortunate to have found such a fantastic salon!
4	Like other reviewers have said, and like many of my friends agree on, it is very hard to find a stylist you trust and want to keep going back to. I came across this salon because a salesman came to my office building offering one of those packages where you get 4 visits for a low, low price--I paid $53 and tip on each visit. What I got with the package was a hair cut, color foil or highlights (which you can also use to get a discount on a full color), a nail treatment/manicure, and an eyebrow waxing (used to be a massage but I believe they don't do these anymore, I could be wrong but I didn't get the massage). I would highly recommend this salon to all my friends and anyone else looking for a good one. Andrea T. did my cut and color and I loved her. She was friendly and easy to talk to, and the appointments were quick which I like! Kimberly did my eyebrow waxing, and it was the best one I've ever had. I was so happy with the results and they have my business!Plus, the location is ideal--it's right near American Junkie and The Lodge so it's very central if you live in/near Old Town. Thanks girls!
