3	Years ago, I was in Egypt and a man told me, "someone gave you bad eyes."I figure he's talking about my glasses. I  nodded and explained, "yes, I got them from my Dad.""No....BAD eyes.""My glasses?""No. Someone made you sick."I was tummy sick. Ohwait!"Yes, some guy at the pyramids put the evil eye on me."My host nodded in satisfaction. If only, I'd eaten at Ibo's first, that would never have happened. During dinner, Mr Ibo gave me a little evil eye protection bracelet. If I'd never found the front door, I'd been out of luck too. (We drove around a bit to figure it out and still figured it wrongly.)My guest and I ordered the mezze platter, which had some delicious baba ganoush, some decent stuffed grape leaves, a wonderful eggplant salad, and some other tasty bits. We had a mixed grill of deliciously seasoned chicken, lamb, and beef, with a lovely orange pilaf.None of the food totally blew me away. All of it was very good. But the prices are spendy and the lunch prices are ridiculously spendy (meaning, not any different than dinner.) The average entree is $20, the average appetizer is $9. The interior of the restaurant is bigger and probably fancier than what should be called for. If this place were more reasonably priced, I'd have loved it. But at that price point, there are other options out there (you're not far off from places like Rosemary's) that offer a better value.I want to see our city have more independent restaurants with offerings other than sushi, bar food, Italian, or Thai. I want to see innovative or ethnic restaurants thrives. But I'm not sure if Ibo's has the right mix to make it happen, even though I hope he does.
4	OK this could be a hit or a miss place for most people.  It all depends on what you order.1 . Now, turkish food isn't something you can experience everyday in Las Vegas.  So try it and see for yourself.2. The foods that were good: Manti, fried golden crispy pastry rolls filled with aged gruyere cheese, kofte and chicken adana.3. The things that were bad: The waitress and the soup.So I give this place 4/5 because the waitress can always be changed and the soup can always be skipped.  Its something unique to try.. Cheers!
3	Being that my husband is from Turkey and I have had lots of homemade Turkish food over the years Ibo's had a great appeal to me. The restaurant is divided into two parts - a bar on one side and a restaurant on the other. The divider is the restroom area. It really is like East meets West in there. The bar side during lunch has low lighting, rock and roll music playing, and the seats are around a dance floor area. On the restaurant side the seating is formal with a baby grand in the corner and Turkish music playing. There was outdoor patio seating as well. The whole design of the place is a little strange to me. The bartender/waiter seated me in the bar area. He was very nice. I did not even realize there were two sides to this place initially. There were a few lunch options that were both priced just under $10. You could add dessert and a glass of wine for another $2+. I went with the shepherd salad, hummus, and chicken kabob. I had the choice between two salads, three appetizers and two main dishes. I would have liked to see a few more lunch options on the main dishes. The regular menu was expensive however I know the amount of time it takes to prepare Turkish dishes so that is to be expected. The Sheppard salad was yummy. It had a nice blend of fresh tomato, cucumber and bell peppers. The lemon juice, olive oil and fresh parsley and just the right amount of salt was perfect. I was served a small basket of bread though was disappointed to see that it was a foccacia bread rather than a traditional pita. A plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar were on the side. The olive oil was pretty bland. The hummus was spicy, rich tasting, and very yummy. Hummus can be a tough thing to get just right so I give them an A+ on this appetizer. The main course was a type of chicken kebab made from ground chicken and pepper paste (a middle Eastern ingredient). My husband typically prepares this dish with ground beef and I prefer it that way. I didn't care for the chicken much. On the plus side, this dish also came with two small beef patties. They were grilled and tasted very good. A large portion of vegetables was on the plate. The veggies appeared to be fresh and were appealing to the eye however not to the palette. For some reason they tasted fishy. I couldn't figure that one out. There was a small serving of rice pilaf. The rice pilaf was very oily. The portions are incredibly generous. I noted that everyone there asked for to-go boxes. The service was pretty good. I may go to this place one more time to try some different items. There is a small cupcake place in the same strip mall area that is wonderful! Stop by there for dessert!
3	I went to Ibo for lunch with a couple of coworkers. We ordered the lunch specials. Their $9.95 lunch special lets you choose a salad and appetizer and entree. The $14.95 is the same plus a glass of wine or a dessert. We all ordered different things to try them all. The Mediterranean Salad was delicious and a very nice portion. The hummus was tasty with a nice balance of garlic and spices. The haydari was not a fave of mine. IT was really thick and a little bitter. The spinach Borek was very tasty yet lacked the crispiness of the phyllo. It seemed as if it were heated in a microwave. I had the grilled Salmon for my entree and it was cooked to perfection! The outside was perfectly crisped with grill marks and the inside was moist and delicious. I was disappointed that it didn't come with the sauteed spinach as it stated on the menu, but instead came with steamed veggies. The sauteed leeks under the piece of salmon were divine. The only complaint there would be the portion. The small piece of salmon completely hid the leeks, but once I found them I was in heaven! The rice was standard rice, nothing to rave about. The poached apricots filled with cremefraiche were delightful. The baklava would have been better if (again) the phyllo was crispier. The decor of the place is very rich and extravagant. The problem was that for lunch we were seated in the bar area which wreaked of cigar/cigarette smoke. I was able to get past that, but one of my coworkers was very bothered by it. The service was so-so. The guy that seated us looked like a patron in his t-shirt and Bermuda shorts. Our waitress was equally dressed down wearing daisy dukes and a random t-shirt. There were 3 other tables she was tending to so I sort of understood why the service was a bit slow. The one thing that really struck me as odd was when the host/maitre de brought us a refill of bread. We had almost finished our other basket of bread, but of course went for the fresh stuff when he put it on our table. The waitress then came to our table and said that it was supposed to be for the other table, and picked it up and gave it to them! We had our hands all over that bread! Why wouldn't she just go get another basket? There were literally 2 pieces left in the basket (covered by a cloth of course.)
3	Not bad. My friends and I had several appetizers. The bread was served fresh and piping hot. The calamari was nicely fried and tender. The hummus was very flavorful, a nice addition to the bread. As much as I wanted to, we were not able to try any of the entrees. Maybe, next time.
3	First, and it's a big first:  The menu has been changed.  It  is NO LONGER TURKISH AND MEDITERRANEAN.  And we didn't know until we were seated and looked at the menu.We were greeted very warmly by the owner, whose name happens to be Ibo.  The main dining room is just beautiful:  perfect lighting, candles on tables that are covered with white tablecloths over skirts, large banquettes around the perimeter, attractive and heavy menus.  But alas, there was virtually no Turkish food, except for the usual hummus and babaganoush for appetizers, kofta for beef, and a chicken dish that was called Istanbul Chicken, but had nothing remotely related to Istanbul.When I asked our waiter about this, he explained that the owner had made a business decision to change because Turkish wasn't bringing the customers, who were unused to such cuisine, and decided to make it a steakhouse.  But the lighted sign above the restaurant is the original one, so IMO, it's a losing proposition for the owner:  those thinking this is Turkish won't come because it's "strange", and those of us who know and love Turkish food won't return because it's not!I asked for a wine list, and was dismayed to see that it crossed the $7 barrier - there was not a glass of wine less than $8 or $8.50, and most were more.  We were two couples, and the other couple decided to forgo the wine.  My husband and I told the waiter that we weren't going to pay $8.50 for a glass of Riesling, and started to hand him back the menu.  He then offered to charge us $7 a glass.  I didn't know you could bargain for wine!We munched on excellent bread while waiting for our entrees.  Choosing the entrees wasn't easy, since we hadn't been expecting to be choosing from steak and Italian dishes, but we settled on two Istanbul chicken, kofte with kasseri cheese, and rainbow trout.  Entrees were served with lentil soup or salad, and garlic mashed and fresh vegetables.  We all had the salad, comprised of mixed greens, some shredded carrot and chopped tomatoes, with a choice of three ordinary dressings.  The salad was very fresh and a good-sized portion.When the waiter brought the entrees, he told my friend to be careful, because she might find bones in her "fileted" trout.  It was full of bones, and she had to send it back.  Both men ordered the chicken with the butter sauce on the side.  This dish consisted of thick slices of chicken that had been rolled around a spinach and carrot filling.  There wasn't enough of the filling, and because the chicken hadn't been heated in the sauce, it was quite dry.  My friend had substituted the same chicken for her bony trout; she forgot to specify the butter on the side and the waiter didn't think to ask, so hers came covered with the sauce.  It may have been chock-full of calories, but was much moister.My Kofte was a large portion of five patties (each slightly larger than you'd find on a slider) of the ground beef.  It was tasty, but bland, and lacking the necessary black pepper that distinguishes it from an ordinary burger.  But I had forgotten that kasseri cheese is the equivalent of parmesan, so it also added a lot of salt, too much for my taste, though many others wouldn't think so.The big disappointment with the dishes were the sides:  the mashed and the veggies were cold.  We told this to the owner, who had stopped to check our table.  He apologized profusely and returned a few moments later with a plate filled with four scoops of hot mashed potatoes and lots of the same nice vegetables, but well-heated.Only when I went to the lounge, which is completely separate from the main dining room, did I see a scrolling sign over the bar indicating that this is "Ibo's Steak House." What a shame!  Las Vegas, which has quite a few Mediterranean restaurants, really could have used a good Turkish one.  Ibo's, if ever it was one, is no longer.  In summation, the ambience is very beautiful.  The outdoor patio is quite large and would be oh so inviting if the weather were warmer.  The lounge and bar is attractive, also filled with tables and banquettes, and is equipped to provide live music, which there wasn't on our Saturday night visit.  I don't know if they ever have it.  The owner is friendly and very eager to please.  But without the ethnic differentiation, this is just a lovely setting with good to mediocre food, and nothing else to distinguish it from hundreds of others in Vegas.  Except for what has to be a huge rent, due to the sheer size of the place, that will probably render this review obsolete within a few months.
3	Loved the atmosphere! BEAUTIFUL walk-way to the restaurant with sparkling pavement and lights. Interior is also very tasteful with great decor! The lights were just right, not too dim and not too bright. LOVED  the flame-less candles adorning all of the tables! Now, for the not so good...I came to the restaurant expecting authentic Turkish fair, and got some American steak-house instead! I wish there was some kind of announcement online, so when I looked at the menu I wouldn't have expected Turkish food...I guess it's part my fault and I should have read Yelp before I went :D At first we got bread and olive oil/vinegar blend. The bread was good, but not the best. The oil dip was a bit thick on vinegar. Hummus was average; My friend commented that it tasted just like store-bought. I thought it was a little better than that, but still not great. Calamari was excellent. Mediterranean salad was very heavy on cheese, which I didn't like. The vegetables tasted fresh, but all that cheese distracted from the flavors. The Turkish pudding dessert (one of the few remaining Turkish dishes) was tasty, but nothing ground-breaking. And $7.95 for a small piece seemed a little steep. Overall prices were reasonable, however, for this caliber of a restaurant.Service was nice, not overbearing and helpful.On the way out, we noticed that one of the steaks of other patrons looked very pink and undercooked. It did not look appetizing at all. Of course, she could have ordered it that way...Overall, loved the atmosphere and the service. Food was mediocre. I am sure I would have loved the Turkish fair here, but certainly was not impressed with "steakhouse" food. I felt a little deceived in the process as well. I probably won't be back here.
1	Not a Turkish restaurant. And when it was, created bad reputation for Turkish food. I'm not sure how it is as a steak retaurant now, make sure it's not the same owner anymore...
1	Terrible food.  There was no background music playing in the restaurant once you sat down so you could hear people's conversations from across the room.Midway through the meal, a random woman from the street came up and asked us for money!!No return for us, ever!
1	nternet sitesinde calma saatleri 4 pm - 4 am yaziyor.30 miles yol yapip gittikten sonra kapal olmas tam bir hayal krkl acilen saatlerini web sitenizden duzeltmelisiniz...! Dont open this restaurant night time..
