5	I love Bob Lachniet and the folks at Fitness 4 Home Superstore. I've purchased a True Treadmill and a recumbent bike from them. They are great to buy from because they know how to fit the exercise equipment to my body. Their equipment is top notch and really lasts. They really know what they are doing. It's also great that my personal trainer highly recommends them. I tell anyone looking for fitness equipment in Tempe, Scottsdale or Phoenix to see Bob at Fitness for Home Superstore.
5	This is definitely the best place yet for home fitness equipment. Fitness 4 Home Superstores has stores in Tempe and Scottsdale. Bob Lachniet, the owner of Fitness 4 Home Superstores - has done something I have yet to see in other stores. Most other places I've visited, are focused on making the sale - and pushing product through their doors. WIth Bob and his staff,  they make sure you get exactly what you need - and they keep it within your budget!  The service I've received from his staff should act as the benchmark for what any store should provide a customer.
5	I have been to Fitness 4 Home Superstore in Tempe and Scottsdale and both experiences were fantastic.  I know that the Tempe location has been there for some time, in fact, I think it was their first store.  The one in Scottsdale is practically brand new (it even smells new).So, basically F4H is a specialty fitness equipment dealer that sells stuff like treadmills, ellipticals, exercise bikes, home gyms, rowing machines, free weights, etc.  Their inventory ranges from affordable to high-end and some of the equipment you'll recognize from your gym (if you bother going to a gym since you have equipment at home).Anyway, the people are very friendly - not sales people friendly - just friendly.  They don't judge you based on your size or your fitness level or the ease with which you write a check.  In fact, they are very quick to help you figure out what you really need or don't need.You can try out the fitness equipment you're interested in - all of it if you need entertainment - and if you can't figure out how to run it, someone will happily show you all of the bells and whistles.The coolest part about Fitness 4 Home... well, actually there are two very cool things.  One is that they will give you a free fitness assessment with your purchase.  For instance, if you purchase a treadmill, they will assess your fitness level and help you plan a workout regimen so you can achieve your goals.  The second really cool thing is that they deliver your newly purchased equipment to your house AND set it up AND show you how to use it (again, if you want).I totally recommend Fitness 4 Home Superstore if you are shopping for fitness equipment for your home.  They get 5 stars from me!
1	Walked into the store today motivated to walk out with an elliptical. Only one other individual was in the store testing out some of the machines, so I was very surprised when I walked in & we didn't even receive a greeting or a quick, "I will be with you in a sec" (it REALLY ISN'T a "superstore"). I walked around checking out the equipment giving the store employee enough time to redeem himself from the poor customer service, until I realized that he wasn't too motivated in making a sale & walked out. If you're going to be employed in customer service be courteous to your customers if you want to make a sale-- you don't need a business degree to know that....
5	Adam was very professional, non-pushy, and great to do business with. We had checked out their competitors and Fitness 4 Home was much better in every way.
5	I worked with Adam and Eric to decide on a water based rowing machine to purchase.  I believe that Adam is the owner; both are great guys and very knowledgeable about fitness equipment.  They helped me pick the best product that fit my needs and gave me a better price than I could find anywhere else, even Amazon!  I was shocked because I thought I'd be able to find a better price online; but I was happily surprised to find a place where I could try out the equipment, receive personal service and quick answers to my questions, and get the best price.  Thanks, guys!  I'm very happy with my rower.
