3	Now, I'm not a massive fan of cheese, especially all those fancy cheeses, however when I saw this shop I just had to look in. From the outside this cheesemongers is very traditional. It is set in the mould of how an old Victorian grocer used to be! The front window has a rustic feel about it and has a selection of breads and cheeses on display. This old style trend continues as you enter the store. There are many old fashioned cabinets which much hold a very, very large amount of cheese! The shop stocks a large variety of cheeses, including your normal blue cheeses and varieties of brie for instance but also stock local cheeses from Scotland! It also stocks organic products and products which I can only guess are great accompaniments for having while eating cheese. The staff were very helpful and knowledgeable, and they even allow you to have a little taste before you decide to buy! If you're a cheese enthusiast, then get yourself down to I. J Mellis Cheesemonger!
5	The mere existence of a cheesemongers makes my heart sing. The way to my heart is very very easy. There are a few key ingredients to good romance: cheese, wine and humour. By humour I mean bad jokes. By wine I also mean beer. By cheese I mean plain ol' cheese (though not plain cheese). I.J. Mellis fulfills the first part of this tripartite equation. And it does it good. I.J. Mellis isn't a well-kept secret, but because this shop's all the way in Stockbridge, I rarely get the chance to partake in some cheeky sampling. A cheesemonger is just another excuse to scavenge, as far as I'm concerned. Though scavenging here comes at your own risk: they have very seductive cheese. And so much variety! I mean, they have Irish Cheese! I didn't even know the Irish had a cheese. Though that, to be honest, probably comes from my very slack knowledge of anything Irish. You might walk in because you're lured by the great display. But by the time you leave, you might very well have been converted. Vegans, beware. Here you tread fine ice.
4	You can absolutely smell this place when you're still streets away from the actual portal to cheese nirvana.Not that this is in any way a negative thing, in fact, if you couldn't smell the cheese, in my opinion it would make this traditionally pungent delicacy somewhat boring if it was all fragrant and delightful.The facts are that this a reliably awesome, very traditional looking and very well established venue for all your cheese purchasing needs. There's a brilliant range of cheeses here to please any genre of cheese fiend, plus the staff actually give you detailed and knowledgeable info about all the hunks of creamy and amazing looking cheese on offer.
5	FirmSoftCreamyCrumblyMoistRunnyPasteurisedUnpasteurisedDelicateStrongSweetNuttyComplex or Ash rolled?However you like your cheese, I'm sure you'll find some new ones you didn't know existed at I. J. Mellis. A traditional cheese shop, they sell a wonderful array of different cheeses made by farmers and artisan cheesemakers across the world. Alongside traditional cheddars, bries, manchegos and blue cheeses from France, Spain, Italy and Amsterdam, they have mouthwatering, homegrown cheeses from Scotland. My tips are the Loch Arthur Cheddar, Lanark Blue and Strathdon Blue - which changes taste depending on the season.
5	Even if you are a cheese lover, you have to have a pretty strong stomach to walk past here of a morning, especially if you've been out the night before. The whiff of cheese is rather overpowering as I'm sure you can imagine, with every type of cheese under the sun on offer. My friend actually crosses the street to avoid the smell when she's walking past as she just can't bear the smell. Luckily, I love cheese and the stench doesn't bother me too much, it just makes me want some cheese and crackers.I J Mellis is the creme de la creme in terms of cheese and whatever kind of cheese you're looking for, you will find it here. The staff are always friendly and knowledgeable so if you're looking for a cheese to compliment a meal then they'll be able to point you in the right direction and maybe even let you sample some cheese along the way.
5	I have used the Morningside branch every Christmas for the past 7 years. With the exception of last year. We went down the M & S route. What a mistake. This only reminded us of just how important this shop and indeed this chain is in Scottish quisine. Their cheeses are always delightful and very well chosen. Their staff are knowledgeable and welcoming and I can only say that I won't be making a false saving on cheese ever again. Long may this establishment and it's stinky door remain open. Shopping as it can be.
5	Bedazzled by so much Scottish cheese and funky lemonade- a piece of Scottish blue cheddar and a bottle of Pistachio lemonade escaped in my bag.It seems that this particular cheesemonger is particularly specialised in promoting Scottish cheese. There were so many to choose from, I wish I could have listed them all out here.
5	You like cheese? You want to try cheese? Talk cheese? Buy cheese? Well, look no further!Mellis has several cheeemongers dotted all over the country - six at last count, but this particular branch remains my favourite. The sheer range on offer is outstanding, but what makes this cheesemonger stand out for me is the knowledgeable, friendly, passionate staff.The strong, distinctive odour of cheese is not for everyone, but whenever I would walk past Mellis', I couldn't help myself, I'd have to go in! In fact - shh - quite often I'd go in pretending I wanted to buy something, but actually just wanted a sample! Not every time mind you, I'd sometimes walk out laden with bags of cheese and a lighter wallet!This place is so good, it has the ability to turn me into a criminal!Outstanding!
5	Cheese store galore!  This has to be be one of my favourite stops in Edinburgh.  I love cheese and I this store has a lot of offerings of cheese.  Not only cheese but bread which I say is a perfect pairing and salami, mortodella (which is my favourite ham - just to note :) ).  Oh wow lets say heaven - Torta di Gorgonzola (my favourite cheese at the moment!!) and they even have that!  It's a lovely wee store that seems to be oldie worldie, you know what i mean?  Something like a old grocers store with high shelving right to the ceiling!  I love this store, it just has character, full stop.  More the point the staff are really happy to help and offering a taste of the cheese before you buy, just to make sure!It's a treat this shop, such a treat!
5	Excellent, knowledgable, professional service....and oh, fantastic cheeses, eggs, and other accoutrements...the way it should be done!
5	It's a store full of cheese...What else do you need to know to warrant this five star?If we must get into the nitty gritty of things, this place is a veritable dairy wonderland full of helpful folks and delicious things. I had an event that required cheese to pair with three beers and popped into here armed with nothing but a list and a healthy sense of optimism.The ladies here were incredible. Not only did they offer up tasters of a beautiful gorgonzola (which I was not buying, just got momentarily distracted by) but the three cheeses I did end up taking home with me were perfect for what they were paired with. It's pricey, but like a good whisky or fine wine, you come to expect this from a good cheese and will happily pay the extra coin for something exceptional. They also carry a good selection of crackers, nibbles and charcuterie - none of which I can comment on, as I had a pretty one-track dairy mind.But at the end of the day - this is a store FULL OF CHEESE. Period.I am a fan.
