5	Gibson Air has been repairing and maintaining our office and warehouse air conditioners and swamp coolers for the past 2 years and they never disappoint! Their technicians are always clean, professional and extremely nice and explain everything that is going on in a way that I can actually understand. I HIGHLY recommend them! Don't bother getting bids from others, I already did the legwork! Gibson Air's prices are very reasonable and are always quick to respond!
5	I have used a lot of Air Conditioning repair people and this company is the best.  Reasonable pricing, awesome repair technicians, no pressure sales, and QUICK to respond day or night.  They don't charge extra for weekends or evenings.  Above all else they are very honest, repairing quickly and efficiently.  They really are amazing.  I highly recommend them!!!!
5	They rock!
5	We've been using Gibson Air for years and they are always reasonably priced and honest. We found them a few years ago after we had another company come out to fix our heater. The other company (Silver State Refrigeration) told us that the heating core in the unit was cracked and we needed to replace the entire unit at a cost of almost $3,000. With it being such a large expense and not knowing what a new heater should cost, we decided to get another quote and called Gibson Air. The Gibson technician came and it turned out all we needed was a new sensor, not a new unit - there was no "heating core" problem. The sensor including labor was less than $300.More recently, I called them out to look at an A/C unit at my office building. The unit was making a horrible noise and we thought it might need to be replaced. The technician came out and found a screw had come loose and was rattling around in the fan. After over an hour up on the roof inspecting, taking the unit apart, finding the source, and putting it back together we were only charged the minimum service fee. We now use them for all of our maintenance work. They are incredibly honest and I'm so grateful! I highly recommend Gibson Air.
3	I had to get a relative's A/C fixed in a hurry -- family medical emergency.  I called Gibson based on Yelp reviews, but later began to wonder whether the owners and/or their friends had written these reviews.On the plus side:   After a day in which a (very expensive) part was obtained, the unit was promptly fixed and seems to be working fine.On the minus side:  I was spending all my time at a hospital, so pre-paid for the repair (scary!).  The technician who came out was generally uncommunicative and distant (Asperger's?). Then, getting a receipt (to be reimbursed by the family estate executor -- but I should have had a receipt in any case) was like pulling teeth.  You would've thought I was asking for the money back!  The phone clerk, when I asked the second time, behaved as though **I** were at fault because I didn't get a receipt the first time!  Then, of course, when I finally got a receipt, my name was badly misspelled.So it isn't all nice breezes with this company.
5	Called them on a Sunday at 2:20pm, technician arrived by 3:15. He was friendly and diagnosed the problem, gave me an estimate and it was fixed by 4:15. I would recommend them, I appreciate the speed and quality of the repair. The house feels great.
