5	This Target is SUPER in all ways:Super b/c it's what Target calls "Super" = has the grocery store inside Super b/c the parking lot had actual spots to park in that weren't in BFE on a SaturdaySuper b/c the check-out was quick and painlessSuper b/c they had a bunch more clothes than the other non-super Targets carrySuper b/c it is clean and pretty new-like still
5	I [HEART] SUPERTARGET!  Seriously, this Target is wonderful.  It just opened in December 2007 and is enough incentive for me to actually drive west of my townhouse (very rare).  It is huge and gorgeous, everything is clean and very new.  The produce and packaged goods selection is awesome--I actually find that going here can give me my Trader Joe's fix, because they have so many niche items and unique ready-to-prepare meals.  From clothes to frozen foods to blenders to sushi, this place has it all.  They make the entire experience so enjoyable that I can get lost here for ridiculous amounts of time.  I even had a first date last spring that involved doing a SuperTarget tour (he knew the way to my heart ,obviously--a Friday night in red patent heels and a Target basket in-tow...sigh).For casual errands or major weekend nesting stock-ups, I highly recommend this Tar-get.
5	It's target, but only SUPER! Pretty much has everything every other target has but more, including groceries! I realize that some targets don't always have the same things due to size and all that but this one has enough space to pretty much carry everything they offer in store. Even has a snack shop AND a Starbucks.
5	This is my go to spot for grocery and other household needs. Its on my way home from work, so its easy for me to swoop in and grab what I need. I love their archers farm brand of products! I haven't been disappointed yet! The staff is always super friendly and helpful! I also fill my prescriptions here and they have always been great! Last night I went in for some groceries and went through Ellen's check out line. Seriously, nicest lady I have ever met. She was soooo sweet, so friendly and just a real pleasure to talk to. I was sad when I had to pay and leave, could have chatted with her all night.
5	This is a huge target with a full grocery store. What more can you ask for!
4	Nice clean target with plenty of staff.  Checkout lines moved fast.  Good selection of Hotwheels cars.  Plenty of parking.
5	Super. Target. Is. SUPER!!!! I go here like once a day, I swear :) Well, when I'm in town. Was just there again today---can't stop myself. I'm such a Target girl---and I've been fortunate in all my travels and moves to various states/cities that I've ALWAYS been by a Super Target---and this one is fabulous. Its clean (thank you for the cart wipes--and sorry I use like 5 every time I shop with a cart!),  always very well stocked (except when Britney's new cd came out--raincheck! WTF!!), and lines are never long. (and Vitamin Shoppe is right across the street---can you figure out my route today?? lol)
5	I love this Target! I have been shopping here for about 3 years, ever since I moved into the neighborhood. The staff is friendly/helpful when it comes to returns/exchanges, finding an item/aisle & check out. Sometimes the lines can move slow & parking can be difficult, but hey that can happen anywhere! I have only gone grocery shopping here once but I love stopping in for random items. I usually come out with way more than I intended to buy coming in, but it's hard to pass up cute stuff I don't need for cheap ;)
5	This Target is great. Never out of certain groceries, great prices, cool hair stuff [and always markdowns in that department]. I love that it's also clean. This Target used to be my SPOT, my main squeeze, for pregnancy cravings. Icees and pretzels with cheese, if you please. This Target is one of the few with a nicer cheese selection and tofu in the grocery. Did I say how CLEAN this Target is?!
4	love this place.  the staff is always friendly.  They don't seem to mind that I wonder around 3x week only to leave with gum LOL
5	This may be my favorite SuperTarget in the city for the sole reason that they always have MORE than enough checklanes open and they are always evenly spaced out. I know it sounds silly but it makes it so much easier to checkout. They even open the express lanes on the grocery side often which is nice to have when you only need one thing of milk or some deli chicken!    Thuis SuperTarget like the rest has a Pharmacy, Photo, Optical, Starbucks, Pizza Hut Express, along with an incredible bakery and a super awesome deli with someof the best sandwiches. Oh how I wish they built every single Target as a SUPER Target.
4	High-five, Target! This is my second favorite Target store. Big, clean, and stocked with (almost) everything you'll ever need.  Plenty of check-out lanes and hardly ever a line. Food & produce selection is decent, but being further from home, I've never bought any at this location. This Super Target also has a Pizza Hut Express & Starbucks.
5	Super Target indeed! The store is very clean, the associates are friendly, the shelves are well-stocked and with a wide variety of organic, green, and healthy products. As well as desserts! Bakery items, candy aisle, baking delights. They have a very tempting selection of frozen treats, too, like Archer Farms Gelato. The tiramisu is amazing. There's also a Starbucks, a little cafe with pizza hut express, a pharmacy and a small selection of fresh flowers.Best of all, the parking lot is nothing like that of the other huge discount store 3 miles west down the road...
5	this is a nice place to buy some ingredients of the cooking hobby of my wife.
5	My favorite Target! Always clean, always well stocked.Ample parking and right in my neighborhood.Love all the green products that Target carries for cleaning.They have a family restroom and a changing table in the ladies room as well. However, the changing table in the women's rest room is right up against the door, so it's a bit awkward for people walking in to get around you.
5	...this is a really freaking nice Target, and right down the street.  Good grocery/produce section, standard Target quality items otherwise, shining floors and smiling employees.  Who knew?
5	Love, love, LOVE this super Target!
4	My favorite Target store in town for many reasons...The store is always clean.  They have a huge selection.  The grocery store has EVERYTHING.  The prepared foods/deli section can save me from cooking for days.  I love the huge selection of household storage.  The checkout is painless.  They always have a good number of lanes open so I never have to wait in long lines.  I'm even impressed with the short wait I had to return something during holiday season.I wish they could improve the parking situation.  The lot is huge, but the store is at a narrow end where there is less parking.  That means there are plenty of spots to park, but they are all far from the door.  Good thing rain is rare.  It would make the walk to the car pretty bad.Five stars for the store, 2 stars for the parking...
5	My husband and I moved away from the area in 2007, when the Super Target was being built. When we found ourselves in the area last weekend, we wanted to see what all had changed, and this was at the top of our list. Surprisingly, we have never set foot in a Super Target so this was a first for us. AHHHHHMAZING! This place is huge. I knew it would be, but wow!! The grocery section is really what makes it "super" but the rest of the store is larger than your average Target. Some of the departments carried additional merchandise but it did seem like there was a lot of empty space. It's that time in the season where summer stuff starts to go on clearance to make room for the new items coming in so this could have contributed to that.The grocery section is nice..not as abundant as your average supermarket of course, but they did have a decent selection. I normally wouldn't choose to buy produce and meat from a Target, but if I lived in the area I might consider buying from this one. There isn't an onsite butcher, all meat is prepacked (like a Trader Joe's) but there is an onsite Bakery and Prepared Foods area. Items were competitively priced, I didn't notice any great deals or anything that was overpriced. Einstein's Bagels has a self serve case in the bakery section, that that looked pretty sad. The other food aisles were well stocked and easy to shop.Target, in general, is one of my favorite stores. As far as product, stores are consistent. At this location the prices are higher than my local store but that wouldn't stop me from coming here if I was in the area and needed to pick up some things. The store is really clean, employees are nice, and if I lived nearby I'm sure I would be here everyday. This store is a great upgrade from the one that was here 6 years ago.
4	Pretty standard Target - clean, lots of options, and they have a grocery section for a one-stop-shop feel.  The staff was friendly and when we passed by a worker they asked if we needed help looking for anything, bonus.  Only complaint, which isn't really anything Target can control, but the parking is a tad crazy with all the people coming in and out both walking and in cars.
4	Its Target - what's not to like? The service here is great and the store is nice and clean. And they always have a great selection of whatever you need.
1	Horrible customer service! I will not return! If I could give this place zero stars, I would!
4	This target is near my work and is super convenient because they have everything! Be careful in that parking lot because it is a very busy shopping center! Target has great prices most of the time but sometimes they are a little more expensive! I love their workout clothes!
5	Very clean Target. Employee friendliness is hit or miss, but I've never had a bad encounter with them. They just need to learn which conversations are not appropriate for the floor.
5	Very Clean place. Go here often, just have to say that some of the cashiers are rude. Already spoke to the managers there about it.
5	This is a huge target, they have a huge selection. They have a great selection of home decor and is much nicer than the target at arrowhead mall.
2	Lady at the dressing room gave a lot of attitude, when i talk to my little sister about what she is allowed and not allowed to wear, input was un necessary, please.
5	Super friendly and extremely clean. I love target in general but this is my favorite location. Not accustomed to super targets with the grocery side but I love it! ... Especially since I'm not a fan of going into a crowded, dirty Walmart, this is a great place for shopping all in one store!
3	It is the week before Xmas and they just dropped to only 2 registers. Thanks for the 30 min wait in line. Boooo
4	This is the target closest to our house, staff is slow at times with very few registers open. For big Christmas shopping we go to desert ridge target, this target they don't have as large of a selection for kid toys and boys clothing.  It is always clean and plenty of parking.
5	I love shopping at Target but i always have to wait in a long line for the registers. The staff members are always there to help. I can always find where everything is. This Target is very clean and organized and i recommend going here.
1	Do you need to show your cash/ credit cards at the door??I dropped my boyfriend off to do some Christmas shopping here while I ran to a nearby store to pick something up and then I'd meet back with him to do more shopping at Target.  About 5 minutes after dropping him off he calls me saying he is being stalked throughout the store by target security.   Now my boyfriend is a very well dressed, very professional man and we came here about to spend a lot of money for Christmas shopping so the idea of him being treated like a criminal made us both very upset.  We only spent about $60 dollars and then left because we were so peeved about the whole situation. After getting home I spoke to one of my coworkers and she said she had the exact same situation the month before while shopping with her husband at this exact store.  This makes me wonder if we now need show all our cash and credit cards to be given respect in this store.
