2	I just spent the last week and a half in OC and hit some fabulous consignment shops so I thought maybe I'm missing something here by only going to My Sister's Closet (best one is on Camelback). My friend and I drove all the way up here on a Thursday morning from Ahwatukee hoping to find some gems (and I did my research for which stores are good and which have crap) but even with doing my research, we left empty handed. Walking in the store this musty, old shoe, dirty smell washes over you. To help spread the aroma around, they have fans blowing everywhere. (A/C? That's so 2008.) The store is packed to the gills but it has no identity. mixed in with 10 year old BCBG are Chico's tops and I even found a sweatshirt printed with flowers and a puppy. The sales person (maybe owner) showed us the jewelery case and said they had a lot of Chanel and Tiffany's but it doesn't take a trained eye to see that many were fakes. I found a small rack of Juicy Couture, but everything was a size small and that ain't for me. On the upside, there's a great little restaurant next door, the Herb Box and we had a good lunch there so the day wasn't lost.
4	This place is seriously a treasure shop. some people hate how cluttered it is but it's one of the reasons i LOVE it. they have SO much to see! it kinda reminds me of one of my trips to NYC where we dedicated an entire day to consignment shops. teeny tiny little places with SO so many things to oooo and ahhh over. and sometimes an ew. BUT, thats what makes it so great! there are gobs and gobs of jewelry- some costume, some vintage, some fake, some real. then all of the handbags are cluttered together and hung up where the lady working the counter will tell you all about them. she can also tell you which she believes are real and which are def fakes. then the shoes are just in rows lining the entire store. when you're done with that its time to squeeze through all of the rounders stuff full of clothes. so many high end labels! i found the cutest dolce and gabbana top once. they also have jeans but they tend to be on the uglier side. there is a rounder of furs and even a 'fancy' section packed full of sequined 80s wear! it is always a hit, never a miss. you are bound to find something you must have!  even if it's just a handful of amazing jewels. i added a picture of a sweet clutch i found made by neiman marcus's brand.
5	Great consignment store.  HIDDEN CLOSET ON SHEA IN SCOTTSDALE. place amazing stuff, all originals, purses, clothes, shoes and all kinds of jewelry.  You never know who you may see there as a celebrity or whos who.  People from all over come to this HIDDEN store, you never know what you may find, if not they will notify you if you are looking for something unique, classy, original and different.  Owners are great.
5	this place is a reall hidden treasure.  it is like going back in time, and, you never know who you will see there, like a celebrity.  most modeling agency owners and women organizations come to this wonderful store for the beautiful gowns that you will not see in a department store.  the jewelry alone is from the past and future, but, amazing.  there is great vintage dresses, hats, and jewelry out of this world.  who cares what is real or fake, as long as it looks good and you like it.the owners are great people and will treat you like a king or queen, something for all kinds of sexes.  no one is ever turned away.  you will be treated great.
1	I've yet to see another customer in the place, let alone a "celebrity or a modeling agency owner" (as another "reviewer" wrote).  Not quite sure how they stay in business with no traffic?  I agree with a previous reviewer..the shop has a dirty & musty vibe. Didn't see any unique vintage clothing...just outdated old clothes.  The jewelry looks cheap & costume-y (NOT fabulous).  Owner & her employee are unwelcoming & unpleasant. This Closet needs to stay Hidden!
1	Don't waste your time trying to find this hidden store.  overpriced dated clothing.  The handbags looked to be about the most interesting thing in the store.  Goodwill would have a better selection  and condition clothes.
5	great place and the owners are wonderful.  It is hidden, but filled with treasures of all kinds.  Everyone that comes here to shop from all over love it, and, do not want to leave.  COME and SHOP, you never know who you will see.  THE jewelry and clothes and accessories are wonderful.
