3	American Fine Art Editions, located in the internationally known Arts District in Scottsdale carries an impressive number of works by Keith Haring, Andy Warhol, Peter Max and other artists in a 12,000 square foot gallery at the intersection of Main Street and Scottsdale Road.  The sales personnel can be overly aggressive in securing a purchase and have been known to be less than truthful when trying to close on a sale, so beware of any promises that are made.  While they are a reputable gallery, do require that any agreements be made in writing.
1	Wow. These people are really full of themselves.We first learned of  this gallery a few years ago during another trip to Scottsdale.  My boyfriend was interested in their art selection and remembered them for years after.  They're located on Scottsdale road in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale which is Scottsdale's tourist district.  On Thursdays, they have art walks where visitors can tour the multiple galleries in the area.  I need to note, we visited on a Thursday.Fast forward to this weekend when we were back in Old Town Scottsdale.  We decided to visit the gallery again but this time we were met with some jerkoff that worked there.  Our conversation was as follows:Jerk: So do you collect art?Us: NoJerk: Are you interested in starting to collect?Us: NoJerk: Then maybe you should check out a museum down the street, we talk to investors and collectors here.So as you can see, they're pretty pretentious and blatantly rude.  Don't spend you're money here as there are hundreds of other galleries with comparable prices but without the attitude.
1	OMG!  The RUDEST sales people.  They will not allow you to view the art without a salesperson present.  This wouldn't be such a problem except that they dog you with inane questions, and when told that you would like to look, the tell you to go to "the museum down the street".  Yes, I was told the same thing as the reviewer below.  What this gallery doesn't understand is that looking leads to buying, but if they won't allow you to look without being insulting, they won't sell anything.  They also aren't doing the art district or the artists they show any favors.  Never in my life have I been treated so poorly in a sales environment.  They have no idea how many potential buyers they have turned away.  Making assumptions about their clientele is very bad business!!
4	My dad and I found American Fine Art Editions one night after dining in Old Town.  Never in my life have I viewed such an extensive collection of art by Warhol, Neiman, Picasso, Picot, Rembrandt, Dali,and Delacroix (to name a few).  We were greeted by a saleswoman who strolled through the gallery with us.  She asked my father if we collected art (we do) and what existed in our collection.  American Fine Art editions does have a few pieces by one of our close family friends--Leonardo Nierman.  I could tell the saleswoman was slightly taken aback when we mentioned that our Nierman pieces surpassed theirs in both quality and quantity.  My dad's a nonchalant kind of guy, so the saleswoman's spiel didn't phase him one bit.  The art in our collection is much older (and diverse) than the pieces in American Fine Art Editions; she backed off when she realized that we weren't doing a one-stop-shop.  This is an amazing place to visit.  The art is stunning and the collection is HUGE.  What happens if a fire or other natural disaster occurs?  To lose such a massive collection of art would be a tragedy; I'm guessing they're insured, but if something did happen all of the gorgeous work would be lost forever.  I was reprimanded for trying to photograph of some of the work with my iPhone, which makes sense...but it's not like this is the Met or anything.  Don't bring your kids, unless they're very well-behaved.  This is the kind of place that draws people in to make a sale.  Be armed with your  knowledge and an air that you're not overly impressed.
1	I understand that I'm young, don't have a lot of money, and probably couldn't afford a piece from this place, but there's no reason to be so rude to me. Made small talk and when I said that I work but don't enjoy working, the salesman said that I was pathetic and a loser trying to do nothing and get all the benefits from other people who contribute to society.  Even as a joke that's going to far. How can a salesman be so rude and expect me to be fine with it? I guess I shouldn't have been surprised to see all the similar bad reviews of this place.
1	The manager is extremely rude.  I couldn't look at a single painting without my boyfriend being called pathetic and me being asked probing questions about my occupation and collection.  After being led through an awkward, probing conversation, where the manager decided we had too little money for his time we were told to look around quickly and leave.
5	Quite easily the most extensive collection of artwork compared to all of the other local galleries combined. I was just in this morning and it seems like they were the only gallery open before noon in the area. They constantly have new inventory and tons of new artwork from a multitude of artists. For example I saw the lifesaver piece by Andy Warhol today which they had just received. They have always treated me to the utmost respect and have always been fair to me in expanding my personal artwork collection which includes Andy Warhol, Novaro, Charles Fazzino, and even Lord Crosby all of which they have pieces for sale there. The sales staff is most excellent. I worked with a fellow named Jeff and he answered all my questions regarding a multitude of pieces and even convinced me to expand my collection. I have also been to numerous shows at this gallery which seem to draw hundreds of art enthusiasts and also showcase amazing new art. As I read some of the other reviews of this gallery I was shocked to see the displeasure by others and have to say I have never experienced anything similar to the experiences described and have been a customer for over 16 years.
5	I travel all over the world shop at art galleries all over the world this is one the most impressive collections I've ever seen. I worked with Jeff he was very knowledgeable new about the pieces told history and was very exciting! I received my pieces to house perfectly,I couldn't ask for better buying experience. I'll definitely be back
1	These people are the most selfish I've ever encountered.  Not only was I told that I couldn't snap a photo of a work, I was told that all cell phones must be put away to immediately.  I was told pix could be taken if and only if I bought the piece.Crass commercialism.  We'll take our business elsewhere....
5	As an avid art enthusiast and collector I've visited galleries all over the world.   I have been a fan of American Fine Art Editions for over 16 years.  The collection of work at American Fine Art Editions surpasses collections I've found in galleries in New York, Milan, Los Angeles, Miami and London.  I've purchased several incredible works of art from the gallery, art that simply cannot be found in other galleries in the valley.   I've found the staff to be knowledgeable about the artists they represent and beyond.  I would highly recommend anyone interested in developing their private collection visit American Fine Art Editions and establish a relationship with this one-of-a-kind gallery.
1	Incredibly rude and impatient.After seeing the banner outside, I came in and asked if the "Hollywood Collection" was in a rotation of shows and before I could get another word out, I was told that they are a gallery and everything is for sale. Ummm ok. I said "I'm asking because the sign said 'collection' and I was curious if other collections will rotate in during the year?" He says, "It's right there."Umm...He then harshly told me that photos are not allowed and no cameras, either. Ooo kkkk, I know that's how it works, but did I look like I was going to do that?We visit the area a lot and my question is not unusual...regardless, I would never patronize a gallery that hires such an aggressive social misfit.The Hollywood Collection in question was tired and, even though I only spent a minute there, the rest of the gallery looked pretty boring. And not picture worthy, you jerk.
3	Amazing Art. But beware: They try to get you to buy art and if you show that you are uninterested in buying- they won't like you. I would just try to do the Old Town Art walk on Thursday evening to get some wine tastings, a taste of Native American art and jewelery, and as a great way to learn about the varities of art. I would still walk in- but make it quick.
5	This was just cool. The best collection of glass art ever. Really nice. Not pushy. Good location.
