3	Very close to a 4 star performance.  The shuttle was there within 4 minutes of my arriving, which was great considering it was 102 outside.  The driver was swift, amiable,  and professional, and offered the passengers an iced down bottled water upon getting in.The hotel itself was clean and the staff great.  There was a decent fitness facility for those of us still pretending to give a shit about the status of our physique.The shuttles run at the top and bottom of the hour, 24/7, so it's a great choice for the business traveler.
3	This lady's showin' her age.  For a Hilton, it doesn't measure up.  The rooms are decent, the desk was friendly, the bathroom is clean and updated but it's really not much more than a Hampton.  As a Diamond HHonors member, I'm on the Executive level which helps, but not much.  The breakfast is mediocre, but free. At $200/night (non-corporate rate), keep driving.If it matters, I stayed at the Crown Plaza at 44th and Washington and had a very similar impression.
2	Oh my gosh....I am sitting in my hotel room right now and want to SCREAM. I am paying 275.00 a night for the Presidential Suite which is very large but oh so very outdated. The fixtures are all from the late 80's how i know is because there from the same year I was born! Its horrible! The Spa was full of spiders and orange....pretty sure it was white at one point. All the fixtures in the "wet bar" are like a Taupe/Pink/Mauve and are squeaking soooooo loud right now! I feel like I'm on the set of Pretty Women urgggg I hated that time period! This place could be GREAT if they did some updates! Since its Thanksgiving no one is working and the High Class much praised kitchen is closed! At the friggin Hilton its closed! I could have stayed at the Ritz Carlton for less down the street but since my grandfathers High School reunion is here we figured why not....Cant be that bad I mean for crying out loud I'm used to Motel 6! This is pretty bad! However what staff they have left down there is pretty nice!
3	The property is a little older, but the staff keeps the place tidy and in good shape. The breakfast is on par with what you'd find at a Hampton Inn. Subpar, but I guess when it's free it's hard to knock it. Wifi in the lobby is free which is good if you want to surf while waiting for the airport shuttle, or like me, download the newspaper on your iPad while waiting for the shuttle. The gym is a joke, so unless it's your rest day, you will be disappointed. The only good thing is that they have individual TVs on the 2 treadmills that worked and also the 2 ellipticals that worked. Any other sort of working out and you're relegated to a few free weights.
4	I just attended a conference at this hotel and I was really happy with my stay.  I've stayed in a variety of hotels for conferences and meetings and this one for the most part was one of the better hotels I've stayed at for a conference.  My only complaint is that high speed internet was $9.95 per day.  It seems that the more 'upscale' hotels feel they have to charge for internet where it is usually free at that lower tier hotels.My room was clean and comfortable.  I slept well both nights I was there.  The bed was comfortable.  I liked the balcony and seating and only wish it was a bit warmer so I could have enjoyed the balcony in the AM hours with coffee.There is in room coffee and it makes coffee by the cup, so the big to do about 'dirty' coffee makers was eliminated.  I though the in room coffee was actually pretty good.I was comfortable and well cared for and enjoyed my stay.  The food that went along with conference was abundant and the staff was friendly.  If I had to plan a small conference in Phoenix, I'd look into this hotel.  I'd also consider staying here again on a personal trip.
4	For what I paid on priceline (50 a night), I think it's a great hotel in a great location.  The shuttle was very nice and the center location to Tempe, Scottsdale and spring training parks is ideal.  I would stay here again if i won another 50 dollar bid on priceline but wouldn't pay over 80 a night.One con was the expensive internet rates, i figured most hotels just had free wifi these days.
3	There's some big plusses, and some drawbacks to this hotel. However the short of it is that it's conveniently located, they get you to and from the airport, and it's clean! If you want more details, check them out below.Plus: Fantastic, friendly shuttle service. They got us everywhere we needed to go (and we were a big group) and we were always on time. The guys who drive the shuttle are also really friendly and definitely make your day! Nice TVs and internet in all of the rooms. I also liked that I could get the hotel room COLD and not just cool like in most hotels. I could crank that thermostat down and the frigid air blasted all night!Drawbacks:Worst beds ever. I stay here a lot for work and everytime I feel like I slept on lumpy laundry. Is it soft? Yeah. But it feels like you're not sleeping on an even surface and that always makes me wake up with a crick in my neck, and back, and even sore shouders. It's not fun at all! They have both a restaurant and a bar inside. AVOID THE RESTAURANT! Renwicks is extremely expensive and not worth it at all. If you're coming in late from a flight or from whatever you're in phoenix to do, the bar is pretty good. You'll spend $10-$12 a plate, but the food is alright and you're obviously paying for the convenience.
4	Close to the airport, airport shuttle, clean, comfortable but WAIT!!! What? No free wi-fi? Ethernet Cable????  $9.95 per day for internet assess?Here's the secret. The lounge offers free wi-fi and they have several big screen televisions for the daily news, sports, etc.Hey- for the price and the convenience. I'd stay there again.
4	I'm so split on this place, because I kinda don't want to like it, but as a Hilton HHonors Diamond member, I get the perks that make it pretty awesome.For example, like most other Hiltons, there isn't a complimentary breakfast.  What a dick move for an upscale hotel, right?  Well... wait wait wait HHonors member, you get exclusive access to the Executive Lounge on the 4th Floor for a lovely complimentary breakfast with eggs, potatoes, maybe some other hot foods, muffins, bagels, doughnuts, fresh coffee, juice, yogurt, and a staff member there just for you!Oh, and don't forget that we have a lovely, HHonors member only evening reception with libations on the cheap and some lovely finger foods - sandwiches and such.  Relax after your long day, and partake in some CNBC or other hi-def programming on one of our HDTVsBack in your room, $9.95 for a day of Internet access?  Not so, HHonors guest!  Type in your information and we provide you 24 hours of Internet access completely gratis.  (And surprisingly, for non-free Internet access, it's not particularly fast.  I was only hitting 0.5Mb/s down)I get giving your best customers special perks, the evening reception for one, but some of these really should be perks for all guests.  I will give the Hilton Phoenix Airport a lot of credit otherwise.  The staff is incredibly friendly.  They have a complimentary shuttle that will take you to several nearby locations.  I've made a few trips to Chase Field when the shuttle drops me off and picks me back up from the 44th and Washington Valley Metro Station.The rooms are fantastic.  Clean, well appointed (I'm sure it's those fine, European linens, Serta mattresses, and Crabtree & Evelyn soaps), HDTV in every room.  One big criticism is as of my latest trip in August 2011, they've disabled the TVs from switching to a secondary input - alas, no plugging my PlayStation 3 into an HDMI input for some gaming/movies/Netflix.  A second criticism, no mini fridge or microwave in the room.There is an amazing fitness center.  Plenty of room, full rack of dumbbells, benches, treadmills, ellipticals, weight machine... Needless to say, it's well equipped.  The pool is also pretty big - long enough to get a few good laps in without crashing into kids.The price on this place is always reasonable, especially compared to other hotels of its caliber in the area.  I still prefer the Doubletree up the road, but for the price, this is a decent choice if you have an HHonors membership.  Otherwise, I'd suggest trying someplace else.
4	We stayed here the night before we flew back to DC.  It was located close to the airport and had a shuttle that was free.  The hotel was nice but we had neighbors from "hell".  They came in late, slammed doors, turned the TV up loud, slammed doors early in the am (4:30 or so).  What can I say....  it was a "free night" with points.  The bed was comfortable and the room was cool.There are no restaurants close by but we did eat at the restaurant at the hotel and the food was surprising very good.  The meal I ordered was on the "happy hour menu" and was basically half price.
2	A sad homage to the Hilton name.  $9.95 for 24 hours of .5 meg internet connection was the straw that broke the camels back.  Noisy air conditioning, a funny smell, analog cable on beautiful HD TVs. Everything done half-way.  The only saving grace to this stay is the free parking and shuttle service to the airport. Even at the discounted rate we paid, not super satisfied.
4	Stayed here last weekend and overall, I was impressed.1. the price--paid $50/night on priceline. After taxes, it was $123 for 2 nights2. Staff-front desk personnel was very friendly and nice3. shuttle-they have a shuttle to the airport directly every 30 minutes4. nicely kept room and room serviceminus one star--bathroom was too small, but for the price, I shouldn't complain. I had a good view of the pool and a balcony. Would definitely return again.
3	This is a review for their seminar facilities and not the actual hotel portion. I was here recently for an industry seminar which was held in the Amphitheatre room. I was actually very impressed by the seating which was stadium style it made it easy to see the speaker but apparently the sound system is difficult to work as they had to bring tech support in several times throughout the seminar. It was also quite chilly in the seminar room- but that's kind of expected at these things.Most of the buffet food was mediocre but the pasta was a stand out (although it's hard to mess up pasta). They also served a vanilla-lemon cake that was coated lightly with coconut... of all the things to serve at a seminar coconut?! I would've loved a plain little cake. I must say though the location is something I absolutely love. Easy to get to and easy to park.
1	I don't know what I like better about this hotel: The artwork which would make the creatures from Stephen King's nightmares seek PTSD therapy, or the fact that my room smells like someone set fire to a used diaper. Next trip to Phoenix, I shall be staying anywhere else.
5	This review is for the staff that I dealt with at the Hilton Phoenix Airport. I contacted the hotel last week to obtain a copy of a receipt. I spoke to a gentleman by the name of Cisco who answered the main phone line. He was over and above a very helpful, professional and kind person who ensured that I got in touch with the correct people to get the information I needed very quickly. It's rare to see wonderful customer service like that these days, so I truly appreciate it.
4	Just got home from a weekend stay here for spring training and really liked this place! Rental car on site,cool bar with good food and nice beer selection! Room was big and comfy! Wife and I will be back next spring training for sure! Oh-pool is heated and open 24/7 !!!!!
5	Only stayed one day but was great. Lemon water in the lobby a plus in this phx heat.
4	The corporate rate we have in the summer cannot be beat and the concierge lounge for diamond members is stellar!  The rooms have been updated and are comparable to updated Hiltons.  I love its' proximity to the airport and location for me to get to work.The only reason why I don't give this place a 5th star, is for location.  There isn't a running path from its door and I haven't been able to find a restaurant that suits my fancy in the nearby vicinity (though I haven't tried the restaurant in the hotel either).  This location and quality cannot compare with the hotels on Camelback.I will stay here again in the future, but in the meantime, I am going to try out some other Phoenix hotels..
1	Bug in my veggie sandwich from the bar :(
4	We stayed at this Hilton property for one night on our way out of Arizona after a wedding. We picked the location because they offer a free airport shuttle and were close by (we had a super early flight out the day after check-in). The staff were very friendly, they were able to accommodate a last minute request for a room with 2 beds, versus the 1 king bed we had booked with no issues. The price was excellent, just over $100 for the room after tax, and the concierge level floor was very good, they had great appetizers, happy hour priced drinks and free softdrinks. The room we had was very clean, and was a fine size. The bathroom was a bit small but also very clean with good amenities. It wasn't anything extraordinary however for the price I was very pleased. The restaurant on site was good, fairly quick service decent prices and good food. The pool area was very well kept, pool towels were well stocked and the ground are large enough that its not crowded. If a person was staying here as a tourist to see the area, I don't know if it would be the best location just for getting around, but if you had a car it would be fine! For the price and the location as well as the services, I was very impressed. I would definitely stay here again!
3	Great staff but thin walls. Woke up thinking there was someone in the room and it was the person next door talking in a normal voice.  It is a good thing most of the guest are business people and too tired and the end of the day to stay up past 10.  The staff is the strength of this hotel.  University is a busy street so make sure you take the "backway" out of the hotel to catch the light if you want to go east.
4	Stayed here for work (2ni/Std Queen Rm, 4th Floor). Great service, pretty good bar & grill inside hotel (Rimrock). Easy to get to with free shuttle from airport, just call. I walked off the plane and was in the room in 20 minutes, pretty convenient.
3	Seriously...a great hotel, has a ton of amenities, but NO WiFi in the rooms?!?! are you serious??The gym is quality, the restaurants are passable, but -1 star for no free WiFi, what is this?? 2009???
3	Nice hotel for a one night business stay. Very convinent to airport. Walls are paper thin. No WiFi in rooms??!!
3	I didn't have high expectation coming here knowing it's an airport hotel.  Truth be told I wouldn't have booked a room if it weren't for the convenient location to the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon.  We arrived to check in on Saturday evening.  We were "upgraded" to a room on the Hilton Honor's level, but probably because the place is completely booked up.  The room on the HH level comes with the same amenities as the regular level.  However, we received the following unexpected bonuses: 2 breakfast vouchers, a $5 off coupon to the bar/restaurant, and 2 drinks with appetizers vouchers.  The front desk didn't seem too welcoming, but I'll let that one slide since he gave us freebies.  The room is pretty good in size with space for a couch and desk.  I thought it was clean, and I felt comfortable resting my body there for a night.  The only thing that irked me about the room is the lack of ventilation in the bathroom.  The smoke detector came on 10 minutes after I had taken a shower.  We tried calling the front desk for help, but no one answered the phone.  The neighbors came out to see what's going on.  I had to open up the patio door and luckily the alarm went off after five minutes.  No other fiasco encountered after that.There is not much going on, especially walking distance around the hotel.  But if you have a car, I would highly suggest checking out Cornish Pasty Co. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cornish-pasty-company-tempe#hrid:GP2bQkUnrTR7UYrexM4kBA) about 2 miles away.  You can thank me later.  We stopped by the restaurant before leaving AZ to take advantage of our free vouchers. They were taking down the breakfast buffet and the whole restaurant was closing down. The nice lady in charge told us we can still redeem our vouchers over at the lunch side of the restaurant, or they can still make us breakfast if we wanted.  I was the pain that picked breakfast, and they served us even though we were the only ones there. Great service indeed.  I wouldn't mind staying there again if I had a race to run.  But I don't suggest going there if you're looking to stay in an area with a nightlife.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. The hotel was near the airport and very affordable. I was a distressed traveler and got a reduced rate via the airline for $50. The room was clean and relatively modern. The staff were all very friendly. I enjoyed the breakfast which was more than the standard continental breakfast. I would definitely stay there again if I was in Phoenix.
3	Not Hilton quality!! Rooms are extremely noisy and seem not up to par. Could hear conversations next door as the walls appear to be paper thin. Shower also had very little pressure. Would not stay here if I had a choice.
5	The hotel itself was exactly what I expected given price and description. Where this place really sets itself apart is the shuttle service. The shuttle's primary purpose is to pick up from and drop off at the airport, but they gladly chauffeured me and my girlfriend all around Phoenix and Tempe (anywhere within a 5-mile radius of the hotel). This included free transportation to and from Tempe Diablo Stadium, the light rail station that goes to Chase Field and downtown Phoenix, and Mill Ave, the restaurant and bar hotspot in downtown Tempe across the street from ASU. Everywhere we wanted to go during our stay, they were happy to drive us. Saved a ton of $ that would have been used on taxis and it was incredibly convenient thanks to the wonderfully accommodating staff.
4	This is a pretty nice and clean hotel.  The room decor was a bit out dated but overall the whole property is well maintained.  The gym, pool, and lobby are very nice and inviting.  The beds and pillows were very comfortable too.
4	Pretty decent hotel. The lobby looks clean with a good decoration. The room was pretty nice. But WIFI is a bit hard to find here!!
2	The room and staff were great.  Great room, clean and up to date. The restaurant there is anything but good. It is mediocre at best and very overpriced.  I got a Ruben sandwhich which I had to spit out- seriously.  It was thick meat and undercooked and grizzly. Awful. I have no taste of Russian dressing.  Room great... Food is horrid.
4	We got a deal through Priceline to stay at the Hilton Phoenix Airport hotel. When my boyfriend and I arrived early, we were asked to wait to check in at the guaranteed 3:00pm time. The Oregon State University football team was apparently also staying there and refused to check out on time. Finally at 5:00 the team left and the housekeepers quickly turned over our room. The manager was extremely kind and efficient. She got us into a room with a king bed, two complimentary appetizers and complimentary internet access. The room is pleasant, nothing exceptional but very clean and comfortable. There is a restaurant within the hotel we are going to try tonight. A small pool and hot tub is outside in a courtyard. My only complaints about this place have nothing to do with the hotel itself. The people on the OSU team overstayed their welcome and the people who are here at the moment are being loud and obnoxious in the pool area. Otherwise if you need a place to stay near the Phoenix airport, this would be a nice stay for you.Great staff, comfortable, clean and affordable. Complimentary airport shuttles are always nice.
1	This is a dilapidated pile of horse caca.  It's old baby.  Really old!If you don't travel often and rarely stay in hotels, you won't notice how bad this place is.However for you business travelers and especially you Hhonors Diamond members, you'll leave wondering how this hotel retains it's Hilton status!I mean COME ON.  In the Hilton family, only Waldorf-Astoria is supposedly superior to a Hilton branded property.  I suspect that this hotel is owned by a franchisee and not Hilton Group.  It's so poorly managed it's laughable.I wandered in unsuspecting but questioned the landscaping outside as I passed by.  The bark in the landscaped areas was almost completely gone and what was left was so badly faded and destroyed by the sun it should be removed.  Bare dirt would look better.  Or better yet, put in some landscape rock.The lobby, upon first glance, appears clean and modern.  However, since my check in took over 20 minutes due to the 'trainee' assigned to me, I had time to look around.  A lot of repair work needed to walls, carpet, tile, etc.One of the elevator doors was severely dented... as if kicked in by an unruly bar patron from the lobby restaurant.My room was OLD!  The bathroom is old school TINY and barely enough room for one person.  The door to the bathroom covers 3/4 of the shower so maneuvering around is difficult and can be dangerous getting out of the shower.One good thing about these old hotels is PLENTY of shower pressure and water volume.  Hot water in the morning remains limited.  Shower early!The room is scuffed up pretty good and could use new wall paper and a paint job.Dresser drawers slide open and will not remain closed.  Having to use the bathroom in the middle of night and running into an open drawer is extremely frustrating.  Especially when it happens a 2nd time.Newspaper outside the door in the morning a nice touch as many Hilton properties have quit doing this.Airport shuttle runs every half hour.  Don't be alarmed if you wander out their early to find 30 people seemingly waiting on the shuttle.  They scoot people back and forth to the University of Phoenix campus at about 20 after the hour in the morning.  A surly, overweight retiree who only speaks in grunts and barks will be happy to tell you how stupid you are for trying to board the shuttle to the college instead of waiting 10 minutes for the airport shuttle.The nice thing was when he returned to take me to airport.  More grunts of dissatisfaction when I responded with "Terminal 2" to his question "Which airlines"?  I knew right then I was going to save a few dollars in tip money when he dropped me off.There's 5 Hilton properties surrounding the Phoenix airport.  All of them are better than this one.AVOID!
1	Purchased a deal through Expedia and was EXTREMELY disappointed with my stay here!! Do yourself a favor and AVOID this hotel. You are better off staying at a Motel 6. Upon checking in, it seemed as though Expedia had messed up in this case. I had made reservations for 2 beds but had one bed which was not the hotels fault, and the guy at the front changed right away... 5 stars for this. When going into the room, I had noticed an empty half-and-half and an old water bottle by the bed. At this point we were way too tired to care or complain about this. The next morning I had found out that I only had breakfast for 2 which I had for singed up for 4 on Expedia. The manager at the restaurant took care of this for the first morning after they had embarrassed me in front of my guests, but our amazing waiter Ron made up for this so Ron gets 5 stars. We got back to the hotel room and I had not noticed this before but the blanket was stained!! So gross so at this point I had enough. I had called Expedia which they told me to make a complaint with the hotel and then went down to speak to the manager, Jackie. Jackie had a "wonderful resolution", she told me I can call Expedia and ask them to relocate me! Seriously?!!! And this is at a Hilton?!! Great customer service....I seriously don't know why this woman went into a career in hospitality but obviously should not be in this line of work. In conclusion, I have realized that Hilton's standards have gone down the toilet and to stay away from this hotel at all costs. The only redeeming part was our waiter Ron.
1	Been calling for the last 30 minutes to find a family member that is residing there with no answer. Not what I expect and highly disappointed.
1	So, after putting in a complaint with Hilton, I received an email back basically blaming Expedia. My email only briefly mentioned the confusion with the continental breakfast but mostly described the filthy room, and the way the manager handled my stay. I sent an email back on 12/23/13 explaining all the complaints I really had with the hotel and never heard back! Great way to stay on top of their customer service! Well on a positive note, at least I know not to even consider a Hilton as a venue for my wedding... or as a hotel choice EVER
2	Let's be honest: Airport hotels reek of desperation.  No one stays in an airport hotel unless they have to.However, the Hilton Phoenix airport can barely be called a Hilton.  1) It is in the middle of nowhere.  I hope you like mediocre, fatty, fried food because that's all you are going to get unless you take a cab.  The two hotel restaurants have very limited menus. If you have to stay here, eat at the airport first. 2) The room is old.  Furnishings look like dogs have gnawed on them for a while.  The padding under the lamps is gray from dust.  3) The bathroom was clean but it had paint peeling.  What Hilton do you know of has peeling paint?4) All of that for $133 a night.I was too tired to complain and honestly don't think other rooms were any better.  In my desperation for a place to sleep after my flight was cancelled, the hotel was okay.  But I wouldn't stay there again.
1	This hotel is old and needs to be updated, I stayed in a room over the staff work shop and it was very loud. Beware this hotel is near nothing if your lucky you can get a shuttle but be prepared to shell out some$$ for a cab ride back.. After complaining to the front desk they did give me some extra Hilton point  but it still cost me $139.00 a night
2	The room was clean, and attractive. The person at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. They have a service where they will take Hertz car rentals back for you, which was very convenient. I am giving this hotel two stars though because they charge $10 per day for WiFi, which is a disgrace! Last night I stayed in a La Quinta Inn, which cost one third as much as this Hilton does, and they knew that WiFi is supposed to be included in the room charge, the same way that a TV connection and running water are included in the room cost. Hilton needs to get its act together; because this is pathetic.
1	We stayed at the Hilton Phoenix Airport hotel for one night on our way back to Philadelphia from Hawaii. We weren't planning on staying over in Phoenix, but with many flights getting canceled due to the snow in Philly, we decided to delay our flight and spend the night. We just spent a wonderful week at the Hilton Waikoloa, and my husband stays in Hiltons for work several days each month-- so we really trust the Hilton brand. Sadly, however, our experience at the Hilton Phoenix Airport hotel was an exception. We were quite surprised by the poor quality of the hotel all around. First, our flight arrived at 9 AM, so we knew we had several hours until our room would be ready. We asked the front desk if we could check in early (before 3), and they said that they would try to have a room ready early but that there would be a charge for early check in. We realize that there is probably a policy that states we should be charged for early check-in, but we have never, at other Hilton properties, been told we had to pay extra for that. We elected not to pay extra, and as there is nothing really in walking distance, we spent the morning and early afternoon in the common space of the hotel. There is an outdoor patio/pool space that has the potential to be very nice.However, the hotel property is dated, and is not kept up. Some examples of things that made us cringe: There were drink cups left laying around for the entire day, there was a big pile of cigarette butts sitting on top of one of the umbrellas by the pool (see picture), the room, when we eventually got it, smelled like bad body odor, there were (ketchup? coffee? blood?) stains splattered on the curtains in the hotel room (see picture), and the balcony facing the freeway and parking lot was tiny without enough room to sit. One of the worst -- the toilet seat in the bathroom was way too small for the toilet (see picture), so needless to say, it was not an enjoyable experience for me to go in to use the toilet after the boys in the family had used it and got the rim of the toilet dirty. The toilet was not even properly attached to the wall so the whole toilet would rock and bang against the wall when someone sat down. I had a terrible night's sleep because every time someone on the hall closed the door to their hotel room or the executive lounge, the whole wall shook and the sound echoed loudly down the hall. The pool was nice for the kids to play in, but the hot tub was broken. The wireless internet was so slow (slower than dial-up), it was hardly worth my time to sit there and wait for it to load anything.The executive lounge was average, with a nice sitting area and TVs. The food was below average-- lacking in variety, and the service was grouchy. The internet on the computers  was not working the entire time we were there, so no chance to print boarding passes.There is nothing within walking distance besides a bunch of other hotels.We ate at Rennick's restaurant, with some eager anticipation because we were hungry and the menu looked decent, and it was our only option. We sat outside in the lovely and peaceful courtyard by the fountain. The waitress was very earnest and sweet. I ordered a Tuna MELT with sweet potato fries. Everything on the plate was cold, though the plate was warm. There was a sprinkle of cheese on the top that looked like it was broiled for 20 seconds to brown, but even that was cold. I asked the waitress to have them re-heat the sandwich, and maybe put a little more cheese on the top. She returned with the cold sandwich and cold fries. She told me that the chef said 'that's how the sandwich is supposed to be'. She even came out with another waitress that affirmed that the tuna melt is supposed to be cold: "it's a tuna salad and comes cold". I pointed out that my fries were cold. The waitress reached over and grabbed one from my plate and said "yeah, it is cold! I'm sorry." She came back later and said that the manager was running to a meeting but would take 10% off for me 'for the inconvenience.' I would have rather had some warm food! I tried to be a good sport and eat it, but it was unappetizing so I left it uneaten. Having to (mostly) pay for the food I did not eat, with not even a token attempt from the restaurant to try and fix it or get me something I liked? Total let down.The best part of our experience at this hotel was the transportation to/from the airport. Both of the drivers were prompt, courteous and helpful.I'm sad to report all these issues with this hotel that are clearly inconsistent with the Hilton brand. I was disappointed to say the least, and I hope that Hilton will do something to bring this hotel up to par.
3	Hotel has seen better days, but is close to airport and offers a free shuttle. In addition, can leave Hertz rental cars in parking lot and Hertz will pick it up in the am. This saved me quite a bit of time. No free wifi in the rooms (in lobby and restaurants only) and rate didn't include breakfast. Kids liked the outdoor pool. Functional, but not enjoyable.
2	Main Pro: We stayed here for Spring Training, so the location of the hotel was great for visiting different stadiums. Major Con: The Internet (both WiFi and Ethernet) was a complete and utter joke. I was forced to pay $10 for 24 hours of access. In addition, the speeds were slower than turtles (think of the commercials). This is an issue that needs to be addressed immediately; I hope the hotel management hears this message loud and clear.
1	As a Hilton Diamond Member, I have spent my last stay at this hotel. I have trie to stay loyal but I must move on, and I will. Two nights in a row, poor service in the restaurant has forced me to leave and go out to dinner elsewhere last night and I even tried tonight and again after waiting over twenty minute, I came to my room without eating. I left a message for Rosa but to no avail, she never returned my call.The safe in the room doesn't work, the dresser has bubbles on the top and the shower leaks consistently.There are better places to stay and I will find it, even if I have to choose a Marriott. I am disappointed but you have the right to know.
4	I don't normally stay near the airport but this time I did. My check in was smooth. My room is really nice. My bed is super comfy. Everything one can expect in a Hilton. The only downside, no quality restaurants nearby.  But if you have a rental car, its no big deal.
4	Nice comfy big rooms soft pillows only thing they don't have is a refrigerator in the room;  doesn't Have a microwave in the room, the bar downstairs is really good nice drinks excellent food try the chicken quesadilla or the steak tacos! I definitely say here once again and I would suggest to others. Nice & friendly staff
3	Only 3 1/2 stars for this hilton location:  I so wanted this to be a stellar review for our once much loved hilton brand, but it's highly mixed.  Typically we enjoy our stays at various hilton properties - for they have earned our appreciation and ratings through the years of corporate stays as working professionals.  Sadly this location fell short of the high standards the hilton brand has set.We stopped of in Phoenix for a day on our way home from a Sedona retreat.Tired and hungry, we were picked up at the airport by the shuttle driver promptly and quick deposited at the hilton airport Phoenix location.(Good driver and prompt transport, which we both appreciated ).The reception staff were prompt and courteous, w rapid checkin and bottled water to ease our parched throats due to the outdoor 106 degree temperature.The Hilton hotel staffs across the board have been exemplary in Arizona - but this location has a very dated, tired decor and is need of a facelift.  The carpet leading to our room was faded and worn in places.Once we arrive in our room, we learned our lovely balcony view overlooked the noisy freeway and parking lot and we could barely stand on it - though we wouldn't want to, given the view.  No help for that since this is a location at the airport, which we both understood.There was also an odd, unpleasant smell in the room which dissipated eventually (though it was more resigning ourselves to the odor since we were just too tired to repack and move).We left our bags and went down for a meal, only to learn the main restaurant was closed on Sunday afternoon at 5 pm and we could only eat in the loud and noisy sports grill, so we did.Liz our server was wonderful and would do well in a 5 star restaurant w impeccable service.  The food had good points as well as poor.  My bacon grilled chicken wrap was excellent, the steak fries accompanying it were large and underdone while my husbands steak tacos were so- so.We turned in early due to our exhaustion and woke incredibly early, so had room service. (Very unusual for us since we are out and about early).  Rick our waiter was prompt,  bringing fresh toast due to a mishap in the kitchen, and soy milk for the coffee.Unfortunately the coffee was lukewarm (barely) and the toast, despite dressing it up w real butter and strawberry preserves, barely warm despite being brought promptly to us.The bed was decent, but not the lovely comfort bed we expected from the Hilton brand.  The temperature was off in the room despite being set at its coolest setting, it was still quite warm, almost uncomfortably so.This is definitely a mixed review - fantastic service and mentioned staff worthy of a 5 star resort while downgraded drastically w the decor of a dated decades past.  Food also a mixed bag, I don't think we will return to this location.
5	I consider myself a fair individual and I have since been contacted by the manager of the hotel and the food and beverage manager and am more than satisfied on how they solved my concerns. I am staying here the next time I come to Phoenix and will post after my stay there to let you know how it goes! Right now, feeling good!
3	I usually like Hilton chain hotels which is why I'm a devoted Hilton honors program member. But I was not too impressed with this location. I was in for business and although the front desk was nice enough, the room smelled like cigarettes (it was non smoking) and the need was uncomfortable (lumpy). I asked to move to another room and it still smelled like cigarettes :( When I brought it up to the concierge, she replied that there was nothing she can do although the staff agreed it smelled like cigarettes in the room. The room was clean in appearance however. There were no signs of bed bugs (you should always check no matter where you stay) and the sheets had been changed. Unfortunately, other patrons have abused the no smoking policy and ruined it for us non smokers. But the, "I'm sorry there is nothing I can do although I can smell it" reply really disappointed me. Free parking however. WiFi is not free but there is a business office with slow Internet.
2	I'm going to have to agree with Lauren on this one.This place is a little beat up and completely off the beaten path of any semblance of a night life. You'll need to jump a cab or bribe a shuttle driver to get you to Mill Street or anywhere for that matter. The service was friendly from room service, the restaurant and the front desk but the venue itself was dated. I will say that the pool area was nice and both the pool and the hot tub seemed clean. My room was fairly clean but their wall outlets were limited, the bathroom was cramped and my room and the hallways on the first floor smelled like cigarettes. My bed was pretty comfy thankfully but for some reason it seemed that people were slamming their doors throughout the night all four nights I stayed here. They did have some construction going on early morning but that's a non-issue. Lastly, the in hotel Rimrock restaurant left a lot to be desired so you may want to have a dining plan ready when you hit the tarmac in PHX. The only restaurant in walking distance is a Denny's.
4	This is a very clean and professional hotel. The location is perfect for layover at the airport. Shuttle service is fast and efficient. Front lobby is awesome the rooms are once again very clean most have balconies. I did not eat at any of the restaurants, but the guest I spoke with said the food was excellent.JF
4	This Hilton is going threw a renovation. I got to stay in a newly remodeled room. I liked how fresh and modern it was. Our stay was good but not perfect. The bed was comfortable and our room seemed clean. You have a small slim shower and you have to turn the facet counter clock wise for your water. The other thing is that it's hard to get an outlet by your bed incase you need one for something. During our stay NONE of the vending machines had bottled water to purchase and my husband complained at the front desk and then they gave us bottles of water. Had the free breakfast the next day and it was OK. The ride back from the airport was OK. Overall I had a good stay.
4	Nicely appointed.  Good prices.  NO FREE INTERNET.  Refrig.
4	I want give this 2  stars but gave it 4 so people could see it. I was not told it's under construction! The walls are paper thin.I am  hearing a party upstairs but I cannot call the front desk bc of remodel. They did give us vouchers for breakfast and dinner appetizers. Everything is clean but I can hear everything. They did give us earplugs for construction. So grumpy
1	It is understandable that this hotel currently under renovation but the place is just uncomfortable. The staff are not so friendly or accomodating to direct or assist guest of there makeshift entrances, waiting are for airport shuttles. The definitely need to put up signage of where things are. Did I mention that the doors here are noisy. When other guests especially those with connecting room closes their door it is so loud will surely wake you up. The doors here also slams if you dont carefully close it. Did the management neglected to pay attention to fix such problem? We were wokenup at 0430 by the next door guest when they left!Ohhh the ice machine was broken on all the floors except for the ground floor. Sadly, we were placed on the 5th floor and my poor husband had to go to all the floors to find this out. No one at the front desk bothered to let us know this. Ohhhh thank goodness we only stayed one night here and did not pay full price. No I will not stay here again!
