5	Newest Burger King in Las Vegas and it features a completely redesigned decor, it's very bright plus it has entertainment technology throughout. There are several flat screen televisions and they allow you to change the channels.There is free WiFi, but I wasn't able to get it to work on several devices. Hopefully, that's a minor issue that will be fixed soon. The most exciting part of the visit was the, "make it your way" Coke machine. There are 100's of possible drink combinations with this device. Everyone had a great time making mixed drinks. Getting to this location is easy, but not to leave. If you need to go South on the Las Vegas Strip, you need to go North for a few blocks in order to do a uturn. This can be a problem for this location in terms of sales.
4	Being the fast food fan that I am I am glad to see that Burger King opened a new Las Vegas restaurant. For awhile it looked like Burger King was making a slow disappearance from Las Vegas.   I am also a cola fan. The star of the newest Las Vegas Burger King is the computerized Coke machine. Normally I am impressed if a restaurant has strawberry soda. There are 105 flavors. What is also impressive is the amount of diet colas.   The restaurant itself is on the small side. The interior is modern. And it is clean.   The employees were friendly.    Despite its location on Las Vegas Boulevard, a couple of miles south of the Strip proper, it is difficult to find. It is just south of the outlet center, between Windmill and Warm Springs on the east side of the road.   My chances of returning are high. There are 95 flavors of soda that I would like to try.
1	The facility is really nice with two flat panel tv's playing ESPN.  You would think that I was in heaven.  NOT.  It took 14 minutes to get two dinky BK Burgers.  Then they were barely lukewarm and one tasted like chemicals.  The staff are a bunch of zombies out of a bad B movie.  They have no urgency, they have zero personality and basically think that the customers are an inconvenience.  With all of the places to eat, go somewhere else.  So not worth the terrible experience.  The management seemed just as thrilled to be on site too so dont expect if you go and have issues that they will help you.
4	Not a big fan of BK - I need a little more meat in my burgers than they like to give you. But this place is cool simply because of the soda machine is a freak of nature. Our hotel was not far away (outside the strip) so it was easy to get to. Food was good for BK food service was ok since the place was empty inside every time we went.
2	Great and upgraded establishment and facilities.glad Burger King is trying to up the anti since McDs started adding a contemporary feel to their establishment.However, the current manager here is EXTREMELY RUDE. Treats "his employees" like poorly abused worker bees. After speaking to him kindly and nicely requesting service he got really rude and irate with me like I was some poor criminal trying to steal his hamburgers. I mean I can go to other local establishments to get good and better service but a small suggestion to this manager would be to provide better service and get an attitude check because with all the high competition of local businesses all they really have to show for is their service. Without it, they'd be nothing more than low quality food hidden behind a highly expensive yet worthless face lift.
1	Breakfast was poor at this newer location. Croissantwich was stale, bun was hard. Employee agrued with me versus just replacing it. No coffee, they had to make it, but it took 10 minutes. Employee said "we have only one coffee maker and it is 30 years old". Coffee was thick and gross. Service overall was slow. I can see why this Burger King was empty at 7:30-8:00 am. Go to another location.
3	i went to burger king not because i am fan, but because when ur hungy, u need sustenance and the nearest food chain is like a taste of heaven. but heaven was not what i found in this place. first thing i did when i got to this place is to check the underside of the table for gum, and holy molly, i cant count how many pieces of gum were stuck in there!!! disgusting! from that moment, everything seems going downhill. i look at my burger, and it looks very delicious. and oh, boy, i was wrong. my burger was rubbery and over cooked!!! fries was oily as hell. and the soda was watered down!!! everything just totally went wrong, and i went home with an empty stomach. well, i guess, the world is conniving to make me go into some weight loss program.
1	I love Burger King but I would drive five extra miles to avoid this location. I think the government owns this location because they work at DMV speed not In-n-out speed. One double cheese burger with no modifications took 10 minutes.
2	Came here after going to the outlet mall since there's not much of a selection of places to eat there. Just an average fast food burger joint. The service was good. But it was kinda dirty. The tables were filthy. Trash and crumbs. We had to tell the staff to if they could wipe the table we wanted to sit at. And the girl started wiping other tables before ours. Common sense would tell someone to clean the table that the person complained about first. Not last. And they were out of napkins. Bk needs to step it up. Oh yea, I ordered a bk bacon burger. And it had one tiny piece of bacon. No more than a inch long. One bite and there was no more bacon. I guess I'll keep avoiding bk. I should have stuck with my instinct.
1	Customer service was pretty bad. Staff was too loud to make an order and the food was sub par. I was hoping for a nice fresh lunch and was very disappointed. The lettuce was brown, patties were rubbery and cold. .
2	Very poor service. We had to repeat our order at least 4 times and they still got the order wrong they where very slow.
4	I pass by this Burger King all the time, but it's usually during a time when I don't have the time to stop in and eat food. It's also in a location that kind of sucks to get to if you're coming in from the other direction.I stopped in one morning for breakfast. While there were plenty of cars in the parking lot, there was no one in line. I was greeted by someone behind the counter and she took my order quickly. My food also arrived to me just as quickly, I decided to take my breakfast to go, and it was delicious when I arrived at my location.
1	Had the Big King Sandwich and Original Chicken Sandwich. BK is just not that good anymore. A shame classic chains are changing so much and have forgotten what got them this far.
5	clean, fast, and efficient. not so sure about the access back to vegas blvd, but hey, can't have it all for a bargain price. far cheaper than anything on or near the strip and worth the drive.
5	We came in for the special on chicken nuggets, and found this location to be exceptionally friendly, quick and proficient, and the food was hot and delicious. Our orders were ready each time before the next person in our group finished ordering.The nuggets were flavorful and not overdry; the fries were crisp. They have the fancy programmable Coke machine, so cherry vanilla Mello Yello is a true possibility. Brandon was the name of the young man that helped us, answered our questions, took our orders and brought us our requested sauces.Definitely going to be back.
5	Love the spicy chicken. Just tell them off the broiler and it will be fresh and juicy.
