5	Small bar / eatery, family owned.  Cash only.  Really nice people.  Doing something different with their menu.  Had a flat iron steak special that looked good, but we honestly never made it past the appetizer menu.Was going to get a steak sandwich which the people next to me at the bar were eating, but we ended up with the rice poppers - risotto with finely minced jalapeno then fried.  Even the ranch that it's served with works.  Cheesy, crispy, creamy goodness, hits all the right notes.  I think it demands pancetta or bacon, but then everything does.The bacon wrapped pretzel log with cheese was just OK for me, but my brother liked it.  The mustard it was served with wasn't overpowering, which is often a problem.Finally, stuffed banana (frying) peppers with tomato sauce.  A great ground beef with cheese another layer of gooey mozzarella and some parmesan on top, broiled and covered in a nice light tomato sauce.  Really excellent.Sounds strange, but with the exception of the pretzel, reminded me of the kind of food I got in Rome at bars there.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
4	Tavern 51 is a very warm neighborhood restaurnat and Bar. The Fish Sandwich is awesome  on Friday's  very large but very light.  I love the stuffed pretzel with cheese wrapped in bacon, Yummo! Another favorite is the rosetto poppers , so creamy and spicey, delicious!  My daughter really enjoyed the zuchinni parm on the app list, some of the very best she ever tasted .The owners and staff  are very friendly and just good people to be around. So people if you get the chance give them a try.
3	The storefront is unassuming  Walked in.   It is clean.   "mom" runs the bar.  She quickly serves me a yuengling black and tan.   It is quiet but big enough to accommodate a rowdy Steelers crowd.   I order a bacon wrapped pretzel.  The man next to me receives three bags of food and finishes his glass of Chardonnay. There is a menu for martinis, and a rack of domestic beer like Pittsburgh's own Red Eye and The Duke.   Other local lites are available.  No Stella, but you can get Spaten.   It's a Steelers bar with top shelf vodka.   Bacon wrapped anything is awesome.   Can't wait.
5	Excellent food and what a value!  My wife and I stopped by after a local community meeting at the Whitehall municipal building.  In true Yinzer fashion we ordered pierogies as our appetizer.  They are sauteed in butter and delicious.  My wife ordered the steak sandwich and was pleasantly suprised by how tender the meat was because it was a flat iron style, not shredded like a Philly Cheese Steak.  I ordered the orzo pasta in a homemade chicken broth and it was excellent.  This chef has taken comfort food to the next level!Contrary to some reports, Tavern 51 accepts credit cards (Visa or Mastercard) now.  This is quite a find.  My wife and I ate for under $50 including tip and two glasses of wine.
4	So, I work on the radio and I drive EVERYWHERE from gig to gig. When I drive down Rt 51, I make it a point to leave myself "enough time" to stop & eat at Tavern 51. Want a steak hoagie that isn't steak em's? You're in luck, I ordered mine medium rare and it was! I went local the last time I was there and had perogies. They were exactly what I expected in Pittsburgh, great! The only reason they get 4 outta 5 is; although they list the kitchen hours as:Mon. - Thu. 11:30am til 10:00pmFriday 11:30am til 11:00pmSaturday 4:00pm til 11:00pmTwice I've arrived mid-afternoon and had to wait for the cook to arrive. PS. I think the cook & afternoon bartender may be husband & wife (maybe the owners), but that's speculation....They NOW accept credit cards, but NOT Discover. Last, but not least in my book... They serve COKE! Jack & Diet Coke is a 1000 times better than Jack & Diet Pepsi!Nuff said!Dig
5	Got to tell you all, the food here is really very good. Had the pork chop special made with asiago, all I can say is wow!!!Met the owners, Karen and her chef husband Tom - very nice people with a knack of making people happy.The atmosphere here is much like a neighborhood bar, although it is very neat and clean and not the usual noise inside.I'll be back and you will not be disappointed.
5	I had so much fun at Tavern 51!  The drinks prices were very reasonable.  The bartender was fun and attentive.  They have a great patio out back.  The decor is nice and the place could not be cleaner!
