4	This is a bit larger than the common Starbuck's store.  They always have plenty of pastries, a large number of tables indoors, and there's a patio outside that they share with the Tropical Smoothies store.I have only been on the patio once.  There are enough pigeons to make any visit a painful stop unless you're into chasing them and trying to kick them in the ass.  But that fun grows tiresome quickly, so I just stay inside or take my coffee with me.
4	OK, since I'm the Duchess of this place (41 check-ins and counting...) I should probably write a review.Yes, I have an addiction.  It's brutal.  However, I'm not looking to kick-it anytime soon, as my GOLD STARBUCKS CARD just arrived in the mail.  Yes, that is how addicted I am!  (yikes!)You don't know about the GOLD card?  If you have a gift card, you can reload it.  When you use it, you gain "points" and then you get extras.Once you reach the Gold level you get the following:- A free beverage on your birthday- Free beverage customization- Free brewed coffee or tea refills with each visit- Free tall beverage with whole bean purchase- Free trial offers- Free drink every 15 stars- Personalized Offers and couponsp.s. It's free to sign-up. Back on this location:This drive-thru is INSANE in the mornings (7:30am-9:00am) and insane, I mean about a 15 minute wait. Although, you will get the random day that you can zip right through.  I blame the delays on people ordering the breakfast sandwiches. They are delicious; however, that is what makes it a 10-car backup (to McDonalds)!But, I must admit I have NEVER been inside of this one!  I have always done the drive-thru and the time limit doesn't ALWAYS bother me, because I can check emails, etc. while waiting.  (haha!)The Barista's are really nice and ALWAYS get my drink orders right.  Never had an issue with that and they have great recommendations on drinks.Some of my favs:- Grande, Non-Fat, No Whip, White Chocolate Mocha, or make it a Venti with an extra shot of Espresso.- Venti, Iced, Non-Fat, No Whip, Unsweetened, Green Tea Latte (if its sweetened- its like crack!)- Grande, Non-Fat, No Whip, Green Tea Frappuccino, add Protein Powder- Venti Caramel Fraccuccino, No Whip- Cocoa Cappuccino: I like this, except its not strong enough for me.The Matcha Green Tea (which is used in the Latte and Frappuccino) is what really got me hooked.  You either love it or hate it and I became OBSESSED!I have been known to go to Starbucks twice in one day.  Don't hate the player- hate the game!
4	A pretty good Starbucks in it's own right. I go there when I need a pick me up or just to chill. Very clean and the staff is above average in helpfulness. The only drawback is that it's in a very busy part of summerlin so sometimes lines can get astronomically long
2	This location is not my favorite.  Coffee is good, seating on the covered outdoor patio is good, but always smokers...but 2 issues are caused by the drive-thru: parking and/or driving in/out is a death-trap (everyone is always and somehow confused by the setup), and if you are ordering inside...at least 8 people working behind the counter but minutes can go by before they acknowledge someone in line.  It's slow service for walk-ins.This was my local store when I lived in Vegas, so I went here about 6 times before I decided to go elsewhere.
4	This store is always busy. They generally have the best employees in the morning hours, and lack good help in the evenings. So visit early and ask for Monica, Bree, Lauren for the friendliest service.
3	Not too many tables, coffee is good of course.  Baristas know what they are doing and how to make a special request.  Very busy place because of the location.  Seating outside.  Drive-thur available.
5	I have never thought to review a starbucks, since they are on every corner and I go so often. This Place deserves it. Whoever is hiring is right on. I am always greeted with a smile, and perfect service and my lattes always come out perfect. So, this is now my spot when my kids and I need a drink =)
1	Came in on a Friday night eager to try the new app for the giftcard. Ordered 2 drinks, handed her my iPhone to scan the giftcard and I was told, "I can't take that!" with some blond attitude. Um... Didn't Starbucks launch that program? If she had been nice about it, I'd have no issue but she wants to give me attitude for what Starbucks had been advertising.
3	The location is nice but the staff can be annoying. There is a guy that works the nights that is very loud and annoying. One time I forgot my headphones and had to leave because he wouldn't stop singing and being loud.
5	Starbucks is always a favorite!
4	Always busy but impecable staff they have a solid team and they all work together. Lots of attention to the guests and move people through as quickly as possible.
1	Worst service ever, I was in line while someone was getting an order and the guy who was at the cashier was giving a lot of attitude towards the customer. Especially since he was paying and taking out coins from his pocket. He practically threw the guy his straw after he picked up his drink. After drinking my drink and on my laptop that is connected to the plug and the cord was on the floor. One of their coworkers was mopping the floor and practically wiped my whole cord with his mop. Who knows where they've wiped their mop?! Isn't that disgusting and health hazard?
4	This location is so busy and the staff is great. I was a little disappointed this morning when I went to go sit outside. They usually have plenty of outdoor seating, but I think someone went and stole all of the chairs last night. There were like 20 tables and 2 chairs. What the heck? This is not a joke.I love that this drive thru is always packed. I love to pay for the car behind me. It always makes the cashiers smile and I know that the person behind me will smile. It happened to me once here and I thought it was such a cool thing to do. So now I try to do it as much as I can. You never know, maybe it will keep going like a chain and make people have a great day. Oh and the coffee is pretty good. I love my Chai Lattes.
5	The best Starbucks from LA to NYC. I have been to quite a few Starbucks. This location has the best staff, by far. It is a very busy location, yet you still get in and out in a reasonable amount of time. The staff is very friendly.
5	This is always my go to Starbucks that I go to. I usually use the drive thru, but if the line is way too long, you can go inside yourself and usually get faster service since everyone is outside The staff here is usually always friendly and bubbly. I don't think there was ever a time I had bad service here. My favorites here is either the Seasonal Pumpkin Spice Frappucino, the Green Tea Frapp with strawberries or the Vanilla Bean frapp with caramel drizzle. This is the only store that makes my Green tea frappucino that makes it right. Its probably because I usually only order it here, but Other stores never blend my drinks all the way, so I get chunks of ice that block my straw. All in all, great service and great drinks.
1	Terrible service was ignored then panini wasn't even put in to heat until I asked about it then they sat it on the counter and didn't even call it out, rude staff!! And they weren't even busy at the time!
4	Starbucks.  What can I say.   This one is pretty quick with the drive-thru service, although in general Starbucks drive-thrus are pretty darn slow no matter what time it is.And on a hawt day, you just can't lay off those coffee frappacinos, ya know?   Just nom nom, frappe, nom nom.That, and a cinammon swirl coffee cake, completes the taste bud madness.  Truly one of your coffee nom nom places.
5	I asked a lot if questions, all were answered with a smile. Clean, pretty, lots of sunlight. Our order was perfect, and the Pumpkin Scones are to die for. They have soy milk, for us nondairy folk. I think they have almond milk too, but not clear on that. I really like the decor here. I will visit again! Haven't been here in years since a friend was in town and we got coffee and drive through RedRock.
5	Awesome
4	We were in the drive -thru for quite a while, but it was worth the service we received. During the duration of our order, two workers rotated because of the volume of the order. Everything was recorded exactly. By the time we rolled up to the window, this is where the fun begins. We had 3 separate transactions take place with the payment and they were very patient. The order execution was slacking slightly, but again it was made up with the service. Kudos goes out to Taylor for being patient and awesome through it all.
1	I must admit the first few times visiting this location after moving to the area I was impressed. The majority of the staff seemed nice and pleasant. As I became a regular going in almost daily, I notice a trend, a lot of the employees did not seem happy. Smiles were not present anymore and there was a lady with short black hair practically   scrutinizing ever move they made (a few days later I was informed she was the store manager). I tried introducing myself to her and wanted to give her some feedback, about how I had previously enjoyed coming into this Starbucks so much, and how there was a sudden change. She acted as if she couldn't be bothered and did not bother giving me her name, just introducing herself as the manager. I think I finally understand why there was a sudden change, management starts with leading by example, I realize they are just following lead and their customer service is suffering due to it. I will be driving the extra mile and a half to Boca Park Starbucks where they actually seem to value my business.
5	Excellent service with a smile! I was able to get heavy cream in my coffee! The outside area was comfortable with plenty of seating available.
2	Come here every other day or so. My wife and I get trenta black tea lemonades. I know some people think that they are good at their jobs, and don't have to follow procedures on some things, but if u don't do it the right way, it doesn't turn out good. I have never had my drink taste the same from this place. The tea, lemonade, and sweetener need to be measured! If they aren't, then u receive drinks that taste like crap. Measure, add ice, and SHAKE! Don't be lazy. Make the items the way they should be.
2	This location seems to be constantly unstaffed. Much longer wait times than most. On a better note the staff there seems always be friendly and personable.
1	We frequent Starbucks every day sometimes twice a day.  Kim at this location is however the rudest most nasty women we have ever met.  She claims to be the manager, wow!!!  Rude beyond Rude!! She can't make a decent drink and when we tell her that we would like no foam what does she do, rolls her eyes up in disgust, slams the foam out of the cup and proceeds to fill the cup up with luke warm soy milk.  This has happened several times  We will never come back to this Starbucks again it is just not worth it. I called into Starbucks and are filling a major complaint.
2	I wait an extended amount of tie every time is go. I can't bring myself to believe it's because of the area or location. I used to work fast food so understand but I could make a cheese burger faster than they can get a car out of a drive through with a coffee. Staff has always been kind and doesn't seem to ever mess up my orders. More efficient staffing would be ideal.
4	I come here often since it's close to work and I need my morning caffeine kick.They are busy here in the mornings. The drive-thru line is crazy and blocks some of the traffic inside the parking lot so I always go inside. They are pretty fast considering how busy they are. I find most of their employees to be nice & friendly. However, in my last two visits, I ordered a praline latte and they were out of the praline toppings. That's the best part of the holiday drink. They should have mentioned that. I would have ordered something else. She did offer to make another drink but I didn't want to be late for work. Other than that, it's your standard Starbucks with gourmet coffee with friendly service.
3	This place is always busy. I'm not a coffee drinker. Those around me though.  I do get hot chocolate here when its cold outside.The staff seems quick at what they do, but the wait still takes a long time.The hot chocolate I get is good and worth the price!
3	I have been to this Starbucks on a number of occasions and one thing can be confirmed, they are always packed! The line for the drive thru stretches way past the McDonalds next door and it causes lots of traffic if you're trying to maneuver your way anywhere around this parking lot. Their service is really good despite how busy they are, but honestly I avoid it based on the congestion.
