4	This place is inside the Flamingo Hotel  food court. Second time I have eaten at this place. They are going for the 50 style diner experience here . You sit right at the counter and the soda jerk comes and helps you, I guess that's what they called them in the 50's? Dressed from head to toe in white ,wearing a paper hat. and black bow tie.  They serve your American comfort foods here burgers, malts , floats, flavored sodas, and hotdogs. I got the rocket double w/ fries .Inside the bun is  two 1/3pound patties  with  cheese,  lettuce,  tomato,  onion & special sauce. Burger comes out quick and stacked high. Burger was cooked to perfection and juicy. Great burger joint don't really need 50's theme but they produce good food at a good  price. Also the service  was great and quick.
4	Vegas is probably the only place in the world where I can burn through $300 in an hour without really even noticing. The drinks, the slots, the spa treatments... And the food. Oh my god, the food is amazing but SO expensive.Thankfully, there's a mall-style food court in the Flamingo to save you from dropping another $50 on a buffet. The employees at Johnny Rocket's were very friendly and the food came out quickly. It was the first meal I'd eaten in 3 days that didn't include prime rib and it was almost a relief. Chicken strips, cheese fries and a Diet Coke (I'm  watching my figure) all for about $15. Yeah, it's pricey for "fast food" but it's a far cry from the prices elsewhere on the Strip. I was perfectly happy with my experience and would gladly return.
1	Worst.Burger.EverGrabbed a quick before heading back to the room. Would have did better going to bed hungry. Meat was under cooked, bun was stale and fries tasted like they had been cooked months ago. Food is nothing like the Johnny Rockets in CA. Burgers reminded be of the terrible Nathan's in Ballys.
3	After my sheer reluctance at gambling, my father finally convinced me to slip in a couple of dollars at one of the video poker machines at Caesar's Palace only to have it spit back a luscious $20 bill after what I'll always refer to as a 'once in a blue moon' lucky round. (I mean, what are the odds of that ever happening again?) My immediate impulse, being the typical me - 'let's grab a bite!' It was early afternoon. Our tummies were calling and I remembered a neat-looking food court right across at the Flamingo. We hopped over to try Johnny Rockets out. A friend of mine has been egging me to try it out so we gave a shot at the Rocket Wings with fries. For $10.95 (+ tax), you get 10 pieces of scrumptious wings with your choice of dipping (ranch, blue cheese etc.) If possible, lay off the blue cheese dip because all they're really going to hand you is blue cheese salad dressing which is comparatively milder than its counterpart dips - watery too. For dessert, we opted for the original vanilla shake. Here's where the prices started to get a tad bit ridiculous. $6.95 (+ tax) for a milkshake the size of that at an In-N-Out Burger and you could get the same thing there for $1.89 (+ tax) Just when I was just about ready to question why their prices were so high, Aretha Franklin's 'Respect' on pipe-in went on full blast and we saw the staff shuffle out of their counters and do a little dance at the middle of the food court, in front of the crowd. People joined in, others clapped along. It was a cute little show and in the end, keep in mind that what you're really paying for is the novelty. Take yourself back in the 50s at Johnny Rockets - but only if you've got money to burn.
2	Gabe and I were carrying Mauricio back to the elevator when, suddenly, he jumped back to life. "I gotta eat," he said, so we let him go. It's as if he were possessed. After all, how did he know where we were? How could he sense the foodcourt? Did he smell the food cooking?Walking on his own two legs for the first time that night, Mauricio deliberated as the neon signs in the foodcourt harnessed his attention. He stumbled a little as he passed Pan-Asian Express, but it was the red 1950's style barstool that finally beckoned him."Johnny Rockets," I thought to myself, "gross."Mauricio plopped down on a barstool and looked for a moment at the wonder that was almost mechanized behind the bar counter. Meat sizzling. Buns toasting. Frenches frying. "My god," he thought to himself, "this is a kitchen!" He buried his face in his hands and took a deep breath. He lifted his head back up after what seemed to be an eternity. As quick as a shot Mauricio stood up, and painstakingly walked over to the cash register. Gabe and I stood close, but slightly out of sight. "God this guy's fucked up," Gabe confided. "I know," I hesitantly responded. I was embarrassed. I felt the blood rush to my face as men and women walked past us. "Soon this will be over and we can get some sleep," I thought. But sleep didn't come soon enough.The clock strikes. "My god, it's 3am," I say to Gabe. We exchange a mutual look of disdain. Finally, Mauricio walks back to the bar stool and sits down with the same intensity as he had standing up. I look at him. He's tired. He buries his head in his hands again. Then I notice the stool.The stool was bright red vinyl with a polished chrome stand. The kind that my mom must have told me about a million times. A round, backless seat that's connected to a cylindrical pole, which is then connected to the ground by means of 4 or 5 large bolts. The stool was certainly sturdy enough to support Mauricio during his stuper, but I wonder what it would take to break it. The vinyl was clean and looked new. It had the shine that new vinyl has. It was crease-less, and plump. "They used to have matching benches like this in the 50's," I relished.
5	After having my flight delayed by 5+ hours and getting to vegas at 1 am instead of getting there at 7 pm, I dropped off my things at my hotel and entered the Flamingo Hotel's food court and ate at this place. Best burger I have ever had in my life! The fries were fresh and the milkshake was fantastic!
5	Maybe it was because I was starving that night, or maybe it was because it was actually just really good, but I had a fantastic meal here! We came in at around 11 or 12, I can't even remember! All I know is that I was having a blast in Vegas and I started getting hungry, and this is the place we hit up. We had the burgers and fries, and they hit the spot. I would definitely come back next time I'm in town.
5	Die Besten Hamburger der Welt...
4	If you are looking for a good late night meal after drinking go ahead and grab a bite to eat. This place reaks of fried greasy food but it hits the spot.
4	I went here to eat inside of the flamingo. I ordered a double burger and an order of fries.  The fries are thick cut and were pretty good.  The burger is cooked fresh to order and was almost the size of my head !!  It was fresh, hot & juicy.  I liked it and I wish we had a JR's around us here in New Hampshire.
2	Even in my middle of the night, drunken, starving state, I could not bring myself to enjoy this food. They have a limited late night menu and must have the 'B' team in the back learning how to cook it all up in the back. My fries were really soggy and not cooked all the way through and I couldn't bring myself to eat hardly any of them. Also, at the food pick-up counter, the lady was a real nazi. If you didn't have your receipt, you weren't getting your food. No exceptions. I get it, people can just walk up and grab whatever they want, but I only get it to a point. It seems to work out OK for places like In-N-Out. And really, who cares?? Everyone is drunk anyways! My husband and my cousin were also not impressed with their food which was made evident the next morning when we had tons of food leftover to throw out.
4	Yummy chili cheese fries! mmmm!!!The original burger was good too.Nothing more to say though... this location tastes as good as any other Johnny Rockets.
3	This place served a pretty mean western style burger at 1am. I remember that the food came out pretty quick and it was super hot! (temp wise). The place seemed pretty clean even though it was in one of those mall type food court deals. The guys behind the counter kept my water flowing. To be honest that's all I got on this one due to the fact that I had been drinking all day....hence needing the burger!...whoops!
2	Service here was mediocre. In terms of food wise, it was ok. But I had a better burger for the price. This was built in to the Flamingo Hotel we were staying at and my friends didn't want to eat at the main steak restaurant. Ordered just a regular cheeseburger with fries and a milk shake. The dining area was shared with 4 other food counters and so it was packed. I would say the food here is ok. I'd rather take a drive to in-n-out for a better burger.
3	Good american style food. Burgers a larger with good grease and the wings are pretty bomb. Good drunk good. Not much else to it.
3	We spotted this Johhny Rockets after spending some time in Flamingo's casino! It is located in a small "food court" on the side near the slot machines! It was the only food place open in the food court at the time so we decided to eat here!FOODS--------------------- Onion Rings - REALLY good!- Regular Fries - Good- Chicken Wings - Yuck.....I honestly don't know how they messed up the wings, but it didn't taste good.SERVICE--------------------I was surprised at how long it took for them to prepare food! It was past 2AM when we went and it still took long! Other customers were visibly getting impatient as well. Overall, it's a good place to grab some late night munchies! They are open late and because it is located in a food court, there are plenty of tables to dine at. Come here if you don't mind waiting long for fast food!
3	This is late night drinking food place, so I wasn't expecting that much.  I had the rocket burger it was a little dry and thin, the tomato was way larger then the burger, maybe the double burger would be better.   The fries were just ok.  So if you've been drinking and in the flamingo you could do worse.  I would stumble down to the casino royal for a $1.99 hot dog or go south to planet dailies at planet hollywood.
5	Delicious sweet potato fries n steak sub was amazing then the staff did the Johnny Rockets dance.
3	Meh.The drunkies clumped around the counter were a bit of a turnoff for me at first, but I was kid of craving their food. Plus, it is Vegas.This Johnny Rockets is more food court style than sit down. Then menus that are hanging up on the wall are hard to read until you get really close, so they give you laminated menus to look at. These menus don't have everything that's on the menus on the wall, which kind of defeats their purpose.In general, I like Johnny Rockets' burgers and shakes. The have a variety of flavors of both, though not a whole lot of vegetarian options. It's good comfort food.But, this Johnny Rockets is just meh. The burgers and shakes are nothing special here. I guess one would expect that from a food court, but for the price, I'd expect something better. (But then again, everything in Vegas is pricey)
1	My husband's burger was pink/red in a lot of areas! Mine was cooked thoroughly but hearing him complain about his, ruined my meal. I kept telling him to take it up to the counter but he didn't want to cause a fuss. He was afraid he'd have retaliation because you never know how the cook will deal with it. Know what I mean?We waited over 20 minutes for a raw burger? We paid $35 for 2 burgers, fries and cokes? We weren't impressed.
2	We came on a Monday evening and ordered their new Philly-cheesesteak sandwich ($13.95) with mushrooms for $5.08 (Used the $6 Groupon valued for $12) - I've eaten at JR Sacramento and Los Angeles with high unsatisfactory taste, but decided to give it another shot bc LV has a Groupon! Didn't particularly enjoy their burgers last few times, so decided to go with a Philly-cheese. - Lackluster taste. American cheese!? Come on! Kraft!? Yuck... - You know when you eat a good philly-cheesesteak sandwich when you bite into it and all the meat and cheese gush out, right!? didn't happen...fail..- Microwaved bread. Far from toasted. - I've tasted better philly-cheese from SUBWAY!!! haha..that already says a mouth-full. - Almost like a Costco cheesesteak but bigger.  - Stale french fries. - For a sitdown burger joint, J.R is at the bottom of my list. For $20, you can go to Red Robin and get 2 great burgers for that price. - Generous portions for a split meal.- The only admirable trait that JR has would be their classic style and friendly service! A decent experience for a train-wreck meal. - Good thing we still had leftovers from the Nordstrom Cafe! Haha..Even our waitress was telling us "ooo-ooo, that Panini and cupcake..Delicious." We ate it at J.R. haha
1	FOOD POISONING. Last Thursday evening decided to stop and eat here because the Flamingos cafe was closed and food was good. Took a drink of ice tea and it tasted so foul it was unbelievable that's when I also noticed a smell coming from the Tea. I notified the employee and they also noticed the smell and came back after talking to manager and stated "it always smells like that its always like that we filter it" well I knew better and drank water and it pretty much ruined my dinner. So about 4-5 hours later WHAM nausea and vomiting time and cramping. Thank god the vomiting stopped quick. When notifying the assistant managers they showed no concern and really didn't care maybe lack of training so I filed a complaint with the health dept I'm sure they will get them to clean the lines and the tank etc
3	The food is good, but takes a while. The shakes are great. The main issue is the prices, holy crap this place charges an arm and a leg. Its good if you're staying here and need something to eat before you go to bed and don't mind having to lay on your stomach to sleep after paying the bill. Also, they have a limited menu late at night. Its not posted anywhere, they just crush your dreams of getting certain items when you try to order them
2	$13 95 for a hamburger? Nothing worth raving about but the prices. Come on... A $7 shake. Yes, I ate here. It's a burger joint, but so is Carls Jr. at a fraction of the price. It's at the same level unfortunately for Rockets but good news for Carls I suppose. $13.95??? Ouch!!! As for the service, strong A. Nothing but good things to say even though they messed up our order twice. It happens.
5	Was staying at Flamingo and stopped here for lunch. We sat at the counter and Debbie served us. She was super friendly and efficient. We wanted to split a burger (some places don't want to accommodate splits). Debbie was fine with that, then helped me pick out a milk shake, she made me the best shake I've ever had, orange creamsicle. Our burger was tasty and cooked just right. Then the staff did the JR dance, that just made the experience even more fun. I'd consider going back to Vegas just to have Debbie wait on us again.
5	I was flipping out from all the frickin' Vegas craziness and I decided to get a milkshake. Best decision ever. Yes, it was like 8 dollars, yes it was not good for me, but God was it good. I am so happy this Johnny Rockets exists. They have amazing staff and it's very quick.
4	It's very good...but OUTRAGEOUSLY overpriced.  There's not a whole lot of 24 hour food here and they know it.My Bacon Double Burger w/Onion Rings and Pepsi came out to $19.89!  If your independently wealthy, go for it.
3	I'll be honest. The first words out of my mouth once I received my meal were "I WAS JUST F-KED BY BOBBY FLAY!"I ordered a grilled cheese and a drink. For $13, I assumed it would be one of those fancy gourmet grilled cheeses. The fact that it was from one of Bobby Flay's places only added to that expectation. I was horrifically wrong. I received a greasy flavorless grilled cheese, and a SMALL handful of limp cold fries. I am culinary challenged, and I could honestly make a grilled cheese good enough to kick this one's ass clear into next year. If I had to name a price on the meal I received, I wouldn't pay more than $3 for it. Aside from my "school cafeteria" meal, the service was OK at best. The woman who took my order was pleasant, but hard to hear. The mean took FOREVER to reach me, and the same goes for the two other people in my group. No one was in line ahead of us, and it really didn't seem that busy. We were absolutely starving from walking the strip all day and partying the night before, so quicker service and better food would have been appreciated.
4	No complaints; great wait staff - excellent burger. Simple burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato - easy and clean and delicious.  Onion rings are my favorite kind - not too much batter - and crispy, hot. This is all about a gut bomb at 3AM after losing $200 at the blackjack table. It was exactly what we wanted and it was GOOD! Its $8 bucks, yeah but lets face it - location location location. And you just blew hundreds of dollars on the slots and cards.  Live a little
4	I was very happy with my decision to eat at Johnny Rockets. The bacon single burger I had was cooked to perfection, the waitress was super helpful helping decide what I should eat and overall loved the experience. The decor with all the vintage coca cola ads and other vintage stuff gives the diner a retro feel. I would definitely return to try a shake and another burger.
2	If you are a bit inebriated, it's late, you don't care about food quality or price and you just want maximum greasiness with your alcohol antidote burger and fries, this is the spot. Otherwise, I'd recommend avoiding when you have your senses and taste buds with you and fully functioning.
1	We were absolutely starving by the time we stopped in at Johnny Rockets. We had our minds set on burgers and had been wanting to try this chain for awhile now. They weren't busy at all but the way the girl took our order, you would've thought they had a ton of customers to attend. Borderline rude while answering our questions, we just decided to order quickly and get down to eatin'. Our order was ready 10 minutes later, and my hubby and I bit into our burgers...RAW burgers. :(((( We brought them up to the front and explained to the worker that our burgers weren't fully cooked. With a dirty look and an eye roll she tells us she'll have the cook redo the burgers. We wait and snack on our sweet potato fries and onion rings-which were really freakin good by the way. Our food is up and is much better this time.  Not the best burger I've ever had but it was good. The service just left a bad taste in my mouth but I wouldn't be opposed to trying a different location. Hopefully the worker with the attitude was just having a bad day..
4	This location is in the Flamingo hotel and it is certainly convenient for location and hours. The service is prompt and friendly. The food ranks right up there in quality and taste. The fries are nothing to write home about but the other menu selections are very good. Nice variety. The shakes are the best you are going to get for the price and convenience.  The only drawback is that it shred it's location with the rest of the food court so the atmosphere is a little different than stand alone locations. Great late night eats for sure.
2	Food was ok, overpriced for burgers. BUT I'm giving 2 stars because of the service staff. Service staff at the counter was surly and unhappy. I had to repeat myself a couple of times as she stared at me blankly when I ordered. My order for a couple of burgers, drink and pie took a long time. And I had to check my order, ask for sauce, ask for plastic utensils. I'm on holiday, so was in a positive mood, so I thought nah, maybe it's just me. But as I was waiting for my order to be ready, I noticed her snarling at other customers as well. I'm not asking for the best service ever, but is it too hard to just give minimal service without the surliness?
5	Loved this place! Simple good food and great service! We sat at the bar area and our waitress was so nice and helpful. Food came out fast and it was delicious! Great selection on the menu and reasonable prices.
4	This Place was so delicious! It is located in the food court in Flamingo's. I had the bacon cheddar burger single. I almost ordered the double but glad i didn't! These burgers are huge.I also had it with chili cheese fries which were so good!! The staff were so nice also! Will be returning.
5	This Johnny Rockets was a lifesaver!!!! We were stumbling down the strip at a very early morning time and couldn't find a decent meal anywhere. We finally stumbled upon the Johnny Rockets and went in. They had the usual menu and it served us well. The workers were all friendly and we had a great time laughing and talking with them at the early morning hours.
3	Decent burgers and fries, but since it is on the Strip, it was way overpriced. The service at this location is also very slow during peak hours (12:00 noon - lunch hour) and it looks like they need more staffing.
1	Worst restaurant experience I've had in my life!I had over $100 in comps on my totals rewards card, which you can pay with there. Of course after eating and trying to pay my bill they tell me the machine isn't working and that I have to pay with cash or credit. This defeats the purpose of me going in the first place. Instead of finding someone to resolve the situation, they decide to treat me like a criminal and threaten me and call security as if I'm running off without paying. Security comes over and calls a casino rep, who was extra nice to me and took care of it so fast. The whole ordeal with management at Johnny Rockets took almost an HOUR! Why couldn't they just have handled it better and called the casino rep themselves? But no, they decide to be total asses and make threats and treat me like a criminal. Why would I EVER want to go back there? Absolutely the WORST people in the business. DON'T GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY
4	Quick and easy fast food type restaurant to grab a bite to eat while walking the Strip. Overpriced for sure but the food was tasty.
3	Coming from Texas, with burger places on every corner, it's hard to view the burgers here as above average. The service was OK, the setting was entertaining, and I liked the fries. If you're in the mood for a burger, this place hits the spot.
