4	This breakfast & lunch place opened up by my pad and we figured we would give it a shot.  It is right next to Al Mazza at Silverado Ranch and Maryland.Happily impressed with our quick and efficient breakfast!  Very fast service and our food was on the table within 10 minutes or so - fantastic.  Food was on point, nothing spectular but we just ordered a basic breakfast.  Three stars, but giving it an extra boost since it is 2 minutes from my house.The place is clean and the servers friendly.  It looked well established despite only being open for a few weeks.  Searching yelp shows there is another location that has been open longer on the other side of town - explaining why they are on point already.Come and eat a quick and easy breakfast or lunch here.  Saturday morning at 10am the place only had a few tables used, the signage is really bad so probably no one knows about this place.  Much better choice then IHOP or waiting 35 minutes at Sunrise Cafe - esp if you are in a hurry :)Keep up the good work, I will be back.
5	I stopped in for breakfast I had the new day combo French toast eggs and bacon my wife had the california omelet. Omg this will be our regular stop it's great!
4	We finally got our butts up to try this new place.  We usually go to The Griddle, Memphis BBQ for their brunch, or the brunch at the Republic.  Since we didn't want to spend too much just for breakfast, we opted for A New Day Cafe down the street.  It used to be the location for Las Palmas.  They were not as full as the Griddle, which is nice since there is no wait.  They offer a pretty good selection for breakfast and lunch.  I had their Huevos Rancheros and my partner had the Tommy B. Vegetarian platter.  I always order Huevos Rancheros for breakfast so I was surprised they fry their tortillas and they ask how you want your eggs.  Normally, the tortillas are not fried and the eggs are always sunny side up.  I do have to say though, that their variation is really tasty.  The fried tortillas added another layer of flavor.  I actually didn't use any ketchup.  I usually drench my eggs with ketchup but the food was so flavorful, it didn't need the condiment.  My partner enjoyed his vegetarian omelet.  They also offer Egg Beaters and egg whites for a healthier choice for their egg dishes which is nice for the health conscious.  Overall, the place is a very quaint restaurant to have when you don't want to fight with the lines of IHOP or the Griddle.
3	Went here on Sunday AM. Right around the corner from my house, I have been wanting to try it since it opened. The was a single waitress working, but thankfully it was pretty quiet by the time we got there. The menu is standard breakfast and lunch fare, nothing really too fancy. I am addicted to pancakes, so I get then in a combo wuth eggs and patty sausage. It wasen't bad, about the level of IHOP. I think Blueberry Hill and Origional Pancake House does a better flapjack.The DH got an omlette that was just average, or so he said. I did try his home fries, and they were very inconsistant, some bits were uncooked potato! Not very good.Best part for me is the house coffee they serve. It's not Illy, but another Italian chi-chi brand (i'll post the name later) that was excellent. No need to hit up Starbucks afterwards, it was deep and rich.I'll probably eat there again, but i'm in no rush. Good because it's so close.I miss the old business that used to be there, Las Palmas!
4	Cute local shop. Good prices n service. Had a chicken club - great! And an abs burger- not good. Fries are standard. Will try for bfast soon !
2	Food: AverageService: OkEarly Sunday afternoon and the server tells me the fryer is "down" because the cooks are cleaning it. Who cleans a fryer in the middle of lunch service on a Sunday? Then I over here the same server, she was the only one that seemed to be working, tell a guest that they were out a BBQ sauce...again, Sunday lunch, Smith's and Alberston's are within walking distance. We wanted to love it..maybe if they had a busser or another set of hands to help.
3	Came here around 10am on a Saturday. Only a few tables being used. Sat down and ordered drinks..the coffee is very good.. I went with a waffle and hubby tried the burger & fries. Service was ok. My waffle was brought out about 4 minutes before the burger which was odd. It was nice and fluffy but nothing amazing. Hubby said burger was ok. I snuck a few fries and they were fresh and crisp. It's a nice place but truthfully we are regulars @ The Griddle so we most likely won't be back anytime soon.
4	Great food and great service. I really like the nice calm atmosphere they have at breakfast. You can also do take out for breakfast.
5	This was my second visit for breakfast.  My husband and I noticed it because it's so close to our house, right off of Silverado Ranch and Maryland.  Both times we really enjoyed our meals.  Definitely members of the clean plate club!  Each time we've gone, my husband ordered the New Day Cafe Special and I had the Huevos Racheros.  We invited my parents to come the second time we went for breakfast.  There was a Yelp check-in offer for a free coffee or latte with order of an entree.  Our waitress had to speak to her manager to find out what the special was valid for....it's only good for 1 drink off of 1 ticket.  Not for 1 drink off of each entree.  The food is really fresh and the coffee is good.  My mom loved her sugar free latte.  My husband really liked his caramel latte.  And I thoroughly enjoyed my chai tea latte!It's a really cute, small restaurant.  Quick, friendly service.  We'll be back!
2	When coupons from Restaurant.com where only $2.00 for a $25.00 coupon I bought about 10 coupons and New Day Cafe was one of them.This place is just about 2 minutes from my house so I figured -What the hell just try it out-I have to say the name"New Day Cafe" was never exciting to me, It wasn't catchy-just not eye catching at all, maybe that's why I was never interested to eat here- well that is, until I got a coupon...It's plain inside but it's the food that really matters, right?-Chocolate Pancakes/Full Stack : 2 medium sized pancakes that did not fill my daughter up at all-The bottom pancake had a good amount of chocolate chips however, the top pancake had about 6 chocolate chips and all shoved together on the left-Mr. Cook please make sure your mix is indeed mixed!!!!!-Tortilla Soup with Salad- Umm, pretty basic-nothing special-TBA Melt- Tomato,Bacon,Avocado,Turkey,Swiss Cheese,Lettuce on grilled sourdough bread : I have to say I did enjoy this sandwich, all the flavors worked well together nicely- I would order this again...-Onion Rings : Good Onion rings, crispy and thick-Cole Slaw : I've had better-Chicken Wrap : diced chicken.lettuce, cheese,tomato with honey mustard dressing- looks really yummy but tastes really plain- needed seasoning badly...I was not impressed at all, I mean it's pretty basic- I applaud new businesses all the time but I can't help but feel that the decor, name and food just needs more pizazz...
3	New Day Cafe is a hole in the wall breakfast/lunch spot. Ive been there 3 times now. Its a rather laid back restaurant, when you walk in the waitress tells you to sit where ever you want. Seems rather lazy on their part. Breakfast selection is limited to 2 pages. On the other hand the food is not bad. They have a french toast club which is very unique and filling. This morning I tried the California Omlete which was great as well.The reason I only rated it 3 stars is service could be better (we made requests and weren't fulfilled, more napkins? C'mon...) and the toast was on the burnt side and wasn't pre buttered which made it almost as hard as a rock.But Im sure I'll wind up there again.
3	Alright so it was after school and when my daughter said she was hungry New Day Cafe was just staring me in the face...I got the Tuna Melt that had alfafa sprouts and avocado. The tuna saladis grilled almost like a patty so seeing that was interesting. This sandwich was tasty....The Mango slushy was very refreshing.My daughter enjoyed her french toast as well...So because this visit was better than the last it earned another star from me!!!!
5	Great place! Service is awesome, they are personable and make you feel welcome. Food is excellent! I eat at least once a week, more if possible. Highly recommended!
2	I went here for breakfast with my husband and parents on a Saturday morning. It's a small place so I expected a homey feel, but didn't quite get that. Our waitress was okay. She didn't introduce herself or carry a conversation with us. We weren't sure what we wanted to order and we asked her to give us 5 minutes. She came back 10 minutes later.. Again, the place isn't very big, but we were unable to get her attention since we didn't know her name and she didn't make eye contact with us! She was the only waitress we saw ... this seems odd given this was a Saturday morning. The food was your average breakfast. I could have cooked the same breakfast at home.  Our waitress took her sweet time when it came to giving us our check. I mean, when you're ready to go, you're ready to go. I will not go back to this place.
1	Friends invited me here for breakfast Saturday morning and I like trying new places.  Was not impressed.  At all.  Save your money and go to IHOP.  Or even Denny's.Waitress was slow, never refilled my water even when I ASKED, orange juice came in a tiny 8oz cup and was $3 and the hash browns tasted like corn starch.  I had to drown them in ketchup, Tobasco, and pepper to make them barely palatable.I am really glad I just got something small.  Even still, it took forever to come out and the place wasn't even half full.  Ugh.
4	A mom and pop CLEAN breakfast joint. They could use a decorator but it's nice. They could also use a door in front of the kitchen or at least a fan because it can get a little smokey in the dinning area. But I would definitely recommend this place to non stiff people. Its a delicious warm comfy breakfast restaurant.
2	I thought this would be a nice place for a breakfast on a saturday with friends after reading mostly good reviews on yelp and google.  NOT.Not only was our order not correct the first time, the food was meh.  The eggs were boring the sausage over cooked, the toast dry and cold, and my friends protein power omelet smelled like bad fish (just so you know... no fish in her omelet... it was supposed to be steak).  While our server was very friendly and helpful (the only reason it got two stars), I would not go here again.
3	For a breakfast cafe, I am not sure how most will ever achieve above a 3 star on this system. The food was tasty (had the french toast and a cinnamon roll), although the service was a little slow at times. Good location with ample parking though is always a plus.
5	Wanted to try a new cafe! Very small but extremely friendly staff. Orders were prompt and delicious! Menu was cheap and affordable. My bagel sandwich was very delicious and the home fries were even better. Great service and good food thanks for having us!
3	At lunch today, I had their Turkey Club, with fries.  It didn't stand out as the best club I have ever had, but it was good.  It was thick on Turkey and Bacon, a very good thing.  They also had a variety of bread choices to go with it: white, wheat, sourdough, and rye.It wasn't really a 5-star standout lunch, but it was good enough that I would go back if in the area.
3	I walked in the place, and I felt like I was having breakfast at a relatives house. It's in a really nice area.. guess I expected more from the decor?We talked in a grabbed a table at the back, which had no place settings. The service was fast and polite. I ordered a power omelet, which has egg white, turkey bacon and spinach. It was pretty tasty, but I am positive I can recreate the omelet at home. I do like the fact that you can customize your sides. My omelet came with cottage cheese, but they allow you to choose fruit or french fries. I think the total was around $9 for my item, which is guess is comparable to IHOP or Denny's, but you get more food at those places.I personally would pass on this one but if you have a coupon, go for it!
4	In the mood to have a breakfast adventure that was off the usual weekend rotation, I dug through the coupon book and found this cafe, located in the southernmost region of Las Vegas, not far from South Point Casino/Hotel.  Upon ordering, I presented the coupon, and it was honored, no questions asked (businesses that lure me in with deals they don't honor, don't get my business).  The wife ordered one of the specialty omelettes, with steak, cheddar cheese, onion, and made with egg whites.  I tasted it, and it was pretty good.  She used some Tabasco to give it kick.  It came with fruit on the side (orange, honey dew, and watermelon).  The cost was $8.99.  I had the egg cheese, and steak quesadilla for the same price.  It came with salsa, guacamole, and sour creme on the side.  It was huge and tasty. We both had coffee at $1.99 each. The child ordered chocolate chip pancakes for $2.99 at ate every bite.  Compared to other small businesses specializing in breakfast and lunch, this place had an innovative menu that would be good for the person watching the diet, as well as the person craving the higher calorie dishes.  Service was prompt and quite good (thanks Blanca!).
2	I really want to like this place. They do have nopales (cactus) which I love with scrambled eggs, but as others have noted, the portions are small while the price is similar to other breakfast places (Egg Works, Egg & I, and others...). Service is "hit and miss": sometimes they are okay, and other times negligent. Coffee is pretty good, but it's challenging to get refills without asking. (And even if you do ask, it may not come.) I brought a friend a couple of times and he no longer wants to go there. The servers seem like they are going through the motions. Not rude, just seem kind of out of it or apathetic. Not sure how to describe it. It's okay for bringing kids, but again the pricing is exorbitant in some cases (like the juice, coffee, and iced tea). There are better places to go for breakfast for the price and with far better service. Unfortunately, I'll have to drive a bit farther to get to them.
3	Good basic breakfast, nothing fancy but lots of variety for many appetites.
4	Great neighborhood cafe. Pleasant, smiling servers.  Good, hearty food.  Clean, comfortable restaurant.  Just perfect for Saturday breakfast!
