4	I have a "thing" for beads.  I don't even do anything with them... I just like to look at them.  They are just so shiny, almost hypnotizing.Anyhow, BeadWorld has a wonderful selection of beads and charms.  Amazing crystals, silver and beads by the strand and in bulk.  It's right next to the Asahi Bakery too, so get yourself a snack!
4	Such pretty things, all the shiny baubles. Being only a sporadic, recreational beader, I like Bead World best of all the 7 or 8 beads shops I've visited in the valley because 1) it's close. Every other shop is in out in the 'burbs; 2) nice selection of real stones, including large chunky stuff and many of pearls from dirt cheap to luxury: 3) it's small enough to have a personal feel, not the warehouse feel like at D&I or Beads Galore; 4) the staff are helpful and will give you one-on-one attention; 5) they are open Sundays; and 6) they have great classes! Not cheap (but they give a great discount coupon for beads afterwards), but very useful. I've taken most of the basic classes and actually learned stuff. Bead World has a decent selection of single large beads, which saves a lot of money of you only want a few instead of a whole strand. The selection of man-made material beads (glass, etc) is pretty small - if you are looking for those, better to try elsewhere
2	After explaining that my four year old daughter loves beading and that this is her reward at the end of the week for excellent behavior, the staff still scowled at me for letting her look through the beads herself.  I'm sure it's tedious, putting all those beads in their little bins and having one fall into another bin is like armageddon, but we really did clean up after ourselves.After thinking what a shame and making a mental note never to come to this place again, I noticed a 25 cent gumball machine filled with beads on the counter. Five dollars worth of picked out beads, and 25 cents into the gumball machine later, and my daughter was the happiest kid on the planet.I still won't go back to Bead World, as I expect good customer service even if you hate kids - or at least put an age limit on your door if you don't want little ones in your store - but the gumball machine is a nice touch (that should have been pointed out to me instead of being given the scowl.)
4	Bead World is the best bead store I've found in Phoenix.First of all, they have a really great inventory, with new pieces, that actually help me keep up with "trends" versus going to say, Beads Galore, where everything seems about 10 years old. Second, their prices are pretty decent. Sign up on their website and you'll get coupons for 40% off emailed to you.Last, the staff nice and helpful. I like how they trust you and don't ask you to put your purse in a locker.
4	This place is tiny and has more high-end expensive beads than other stores in Phoenix. I've found some really special items here. You shouldn't expect to buy more than a few strands at a time, as it just isn't affordable. Go somewhere else for quantity, and just get a few things to spice up your mix from Bead World.
5	Since I work in the beading industry, I have a huge bead supply. But every once in awhile, I'm missing something to finish a design. I've been able to stop in Bead World and find just what was needed. This location is really nice because there is plenty of parking and it is conveniently right off of the 51. Of course, I love that they carry Soft Flex and all of the fun colors too. :)
5	I am grateful for the customer service I have received at Bead World. I often shop there because I am trying to fix a piece of jewelry. The staff have been very helpful in suggesting solutions to the broken jewelry I bring them. The prices seem very reasonable and the selection seems pretty decent. The staff have gone above and beyond to help me, (e.g. gluing a stone into place for me.) Plus, it's conveniently located in my neighborhood. I would definitely recommend Bead World.
5	AWESOME! I went to this Bead World location to find 2 beads for a very complicated 'blingy' watch I have. Not only did the staff find many beads that would match as close as possible, but wanted to install them too. Installing was a CHALLENGE - but the staff persevered and after about 30 minutes of fighting with my watch - it came out awesome and they insisted I do not pay for anything (she used up about 10 different supplies trying to make it work). I insisted I pay and she would "only take $1".  Other businesses need to learn customer service from these gals!  Thanks!
5	I don't even know why I haven't put up a review of bead world before now considering the amount of time and money I spend there. I frequent both the Scottsdale and Phoenix locations. I LOVE this place! They have bead night when you can go in and work on projects in the store and they have staff available to help. I can just walk around the store and look at all the pretty beads forever. I love their staff, always so helpful and nice. I am on their mailing list and they send out lots of coupons and specials. I can't get over how awsome their Labor Day sale is- 33%- 40% off all supplies and 50% off classes!!! They have so many great classes, what a great store!
2	I've used this store for years because it is very conveniently located to me.  The inventory is decent; sometimes I find what I'm looking for, and sometimes not.  Unfortunately, over the five years since I found the place, the customer service has been consistently bad.  They seem affronted if you ask them a question, and offer limited help and almost no suggestions.  I have waited for awkward minutes to pay at the counter while the employee finishes up with whatever beadwork she is doing at the little table behind it.  Additionally, it is commonplace to be watched like a hawk as you shop, apparently no matter how many times you have been or how many hundreds of dollars you have spent there over the years.  Maybe this was special treatment for me, being younger than they are, and wearing whatever grubby day-off gear I may have had on.  It's no excuse, obviously, particularly for such a special interest store, which should be on its knees in gratitude for every body that walks through the door.  In fairness, I do recall at least one or two instances in which I have been treated courteously (by the same person each time), but it doesn't quite offset the begrudging treatment from the other bats.
3	Bead World was found upon a search to adjust a lava bead bracelet I purchased in Kauai. Mind you, I have no "beading" skills whatsoever, so although it appeared simple to cut and restring a bracelet, I found it much easier to have someone else who's got all the skills as well as tools to achieve such a small tedious task.  Voila! Within an hour of leaving there and a cost of $6, it was done! There is a $15 Living Social deal that sports an "Introduction to Beading" class with a start up kit, which is not bad at all. I have purchased this deal and intend to use it soon, especially since I thought it'd be cool to be able to do some personalized jewelry myself. There is a large collection of all sorts of beads available at this store. There used to be 3 locations: Glendale, Scottsdale, and Phoenix, but now only the Scottsdale and Phoenix ones are left, which means I'd better sign up for my intro class soon!
4	Great selection, great prices, nice people.
5	Judy was awesome! She was patient w/ teaching me n my mom how to do the Spanish knot.. We had a lot of fun! The beads seemed a little pricey, but we bought enough to make 4 more bracelets. :D
