5	So this place is new and they sell way better juice than 90% of the other places in town and their 30ml bottles are inexpensive.
5	To be frank, this place is awesome.  They sell some of the best flavors that you can get locally in town. They use everything that's pharmaceutical grade, and you can rest assured that everything you buy here, be it juice, or hardware, is going to be quality.  On top of that, the customer service is unbeatable.   I had a mishap, where I purchased a tank, loaded it up, started vaping it, only to find out I had flooded it.  Mike offered to clean it for me.  After that happened, it stopped working all together. We tried it on 4 different batteries, and it just wouldn't work.  He replaced it for free for me. Most places would be like "well, I already have your money, so you're on your own!"  Mike said if I have any problems to bring it back.  The thing that goes hand in hand with the customer service in this place is the way that this place is set up (on purpose) to stay and hang out. They love it when their customers just come in and hang out for a while. They don't even expect you to purchase something every time you come in!  Knowing that I am appreciated as a customer makes me feel really great, and makes me want to return again and again. And I will. On top of the few things I have already spoken about, I am going to point out that the prices here are probably the best in town.  Now, they can't always rival with the prices you can get online, but if you want to just stop by somewhere local, and pick something up (I'm impatient! I don't have time to wait for shipping!) this is the place where you'll spend the least amount of money. an 1100 mah variable voltage battery here is $29.95. Other places around down, you're going to spend nearly $36.  A 15ml bottle of e-juice will cost you $8.95.  Other places will sell you a 12ml bottle for nearly $13.   I don't know about you, but I'd rather pay less, and get more.  The more bang for my buck I get, the more likely I am to spend my money.  But again, you're not buying cheapo stuff here. You're paying less than you would other places, for good, QUALITY products and juices.  I would recommend this place 100%.   It's still pretty new, but they are doing everything right.  They are on their way to blowing up with business!!
5	Absolutely LOVE the place! When I walked in, the atmosphere felt like a little coffee shop with tables and seats where you can actually sit down and look at the JUICE menu until you are helped. I tasted the Watermelon and OMG..... it was YUMMY! It didn't have that candy taste to it. It actually tasted like freshly squeezed watermelon! I ended up getting that in a 30 ML, extra flavoring. I was very impressed with the prices on the 30 ML. It was about $16. Next time I'm gonna have to try different juices. This location was an older crowd which I liked unlike at the other vape shops I've been to. I felt very comfortable and welcomed here. They even had complimentary coffee for the guests while you wait. While I was here, I met some cool people and all I gotta say is......  it's a small world! LoL!
5	after visiting sincity vapor II i basically said screw it and was gonna keep smoking but this review isnt about them.i checked yelp looking for other vape shops and this place popped up seems like they just opened. i was real apprehensive about vape shops in general so decided to call before i headed out. the owner answered the phone and i had a very good conversation with him that ended up with me coming down a few hrs later.He was very knowledgeable, answered all my dumb questions without making me feel like an idiot and bottom line i walked out of there with a little less money and alot happier. i have now been back multiple times for juice, advise and just to hang out and bs and every time its the same. greeted as soon as i enter the door no matter how busy he is and they make you feel like you are old friends. this is a new store but they are adding new products regularly (mods, batteries, clearomizers etc) and new juice flavors all the time. they have complimentary wifi, tv, and coffee I have no reason to go to another store keep up the good work. oh and their prices are amazing
5	First of all Great prices on in shop made e-juices by Denise ,very good natural flavors ,They Do Not Use  any alcohol,water,or vitamin C like another place in town (Not necessary to use additives like those to e-juice by the way) ,over all it is a great place to hang and get some Awesome Juice ,great location Thanx Mike and Denise for all you do ,keep on Vapin!!!!!!
5	After looking at several places online & reading reviews I decided to go here, couldnt be happier with my decision! The flavors were excellent, the customer service was top notch, they let you taste the flavors before buying then you can get the flavor stronger or with as much nicotine as you like. The atmosphere was great with free bottled water & coffee while you wait. My partner & I both walked out vaping & are elated with how good of a smoking substitute vaping is. The place is a little out of our way but we will definitely be returning, not just for the product but the people as well.  Overall I couldnt have asked for a better experience with just getting started.The menthol is menthol & not mint. The prices are better than anywhere else I've seen in town. Try it, you wont be disappointed!
5	If customer service is important to you then you have to stop in and see the friendly staff at Vegas Vapor Emporium. I just bought my first vapor a month or so ago and haven't smoke a cig since. They are so knowledgeable and helpful and will spend hours with you without the pressure of salesman. They also have their own lab and make their own e juice, which is important to me because I know exactly what I'm smoking. If you want a healthier life and are considering to quit the bad habit, then I highly recommend VVE. Oh yea, and they have several tables and offer free coffee and RockStar. They encourage the Vapor Community to hang out with free WIFI, etc. Great people
5	I have been spoiled by the juice you guys make. I tried using my other stuff I bought from HoV after I used your guys' Grasshopper and Chocolate Truffle. My other juice tasted nasty to me. Going to your spot only from now on!! Also, its awesome that you guys make the juice when I order it, and to my specifications if I wanted to change the mixture. GREAT PRICES TOO!!
5	BEST JUICES IN TOWN!No seriously.  The best locally made juices in town.  They have 100s of flavors, and the mixologist, Dee, is VERY good at what she does.  I got a few soda flavors and they were so spot on that I laughed when I tried them.  They're amazing clean and ploom-ey juices that taste great and are cheap for what you get.  You can get up to 60 mils, which is huge!!  Mike told me that they only use the finest FDA approved ingredients, all made in America.  They're not selling cheap foreign knock off crap.  You can sit and watch it being made, and you can take a tour of their lab as well.  Its a little room in the back, but you can tell when you see it that they care about quality control and cleanliness.The store is small, but its always packed with vets and new vapers.  When I've been there I've always had great conversations with other vapers and learned new things.  There are couches and chairs/tables to sit and practice your craft.Michael is the owner, and he's really helpful.  If you want something, he'll get it for you.  The pricing is pretty decent, and since you're not waiting on shipping totally acceptable.  They're one of the only places in town who stocks EVOD heads, which are among my favorite attys.If you need help picking a new mod, there is a guy there named Dustin who knows a lot and is very happy to help you find the best mod for YOU.  He personalizes his advice, instead of just selling the most expensive thing to you.  I assume that the other employees will do that for you too.If you like Mountain Dew Baja Blast from Taco Bell, they make that flavor.  Its the only place I've ever known to do it, and its right on the money in terms of flavor.
5	This place is  the best vape store for the new breed of vapors!!!!!!!!!!!!If you dont know where to start ..... THIS IS UR PLACE!!!!!!!!!!If you never been.... you need to go now!!!!!!!!!!!!!They have a great mod selection and Juices that they make just for you!!!!!!!!!FYI:::only place that does it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!epici got a evic from them and it fried so i called and took it back with noooo problems!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                              THANK YOU SOO MUCH YOU GUYS AT VVE                                                          MUCHLOVE:):):)
2	Personally, this store is not my cup of tea. I think their juices are overly colored. (Sorry guys if you're into that). I get my juices from a new online store based out of Vegas since they only do organic juice with no alcohol, and little or no coloring. And the store is rather small. I've got problems when I see a store that doesn't carry too many Joyetech products. Seems like a financial struggle to me... no offense.
1	New to vaping. From out of town. Wanted to see what was up with the Vegas vaping scene. Not much from the looks and attitudes in this store. As I walk through the door I was there 10 minutes with out any type of greeting. NONE. They have 3 seats at the tasting "bar" all 100 flavors are behind a counter, after the 5th flavor request guy with glasses was so annoyed and inconvenienced and gave an eye roll showing how displeased he was. I bought a few sample flavor bottles and took off. Disappointed. The owner was very nice. Does he not see how rude rude rude his counter guys are?  Don't bother to ask a question. You will most probably get an eye roll. They do mix flavors fresh for you which I thought was very cool. The lady mixing obviously didn't want to be there either. I feel bad, but with this extremely poor customer service I can't imagine they will be able to keep the doors open long.
4	I had a hair appointment close by and decided to kill some time with my MIL at this shop. The shop is pretty utilitarian but comfortable with places to seat at with tables and had people just hanging out discussing vapes and at their counter is bar seats to try juice flavors. There's coffee, water and energy drinks, but also it's in a odd gas station business building if you need anything. It's been one of the diy e-liquid shops I've been wanting to go to for a while since I heard they have some odd flavors and cheap but quality juice. The price break down of the juice is : 5ml $3.95, 15ml $8.95, 30ml $16.95, 60ml $31.95. I thought the flavors were generally good. Like with every menu that large there are standouts (if you like soda flavors, I definitely thought theirs were accurate for example). I came home with salted butter caramel and a odd one, vanilla rose, since I really like Persian ice cream. Something about that makes me so happy so already I am a fan by virtue that they went there with a rose flavor.Since the flavors were decent, I decided to come with the BF so he can try a few things and see the shop. We ended up with tanks and a new flavor, Dragon Tear (dragon fruit strawberry cream). Now, so far I think this was a solid store from the two visits. It was always with a flow of people but you will be helped quickly while it being thorough and friendly service from every person that has helped us. But then we had problems with some of the tanks we got, the Kanger T3s.  We brought it back to ask what to do about this and Mike wanted to make it right and helped replace the coils and even replaced one of our juices that didnt taste steeped quite right.It's still not working quite right so I'll be bringing them back and let's see what happens. So far though pretty solid store.
4	This was the first vapor shop my bf and I decided to check out. The people here are so helpful and welcoming. The shop itself is small but cozy with a laid back vibe to it. We were there to get starter kits and try some juice. I believe Dustin got us all squared away with everything we needed and was happy to let us try any and all flavors that our little hearts desired. They have tons of flavors and are making new ones all the time. I liked pretty much everything I tried and left with Cherry limeade and raspberry rose. My bf got dragon's fire, cotton candy, and Sean's big melons. I was worried about being such a newbie that we would get taken advantage of or made it feel silly or dumb but everyone seemed excited to get to share their knowledge and opinions. They completely made us feel comfortable and welcomed. When it came time to show us how to use all these new fun products it was just about closing time but we were not rushed out at all; in fact a guy that worked there but was actually just hanging out on his day off was nice enough to give us a crash course and show us how to fill the tanks. I was impressed by the level of customer service we received and by all the flavors they have available to sample. The only bad thing about this place for me is the location. It is rather far but totally worth it. We will certainly be back.
5	VVE is quite far from my house as i'm located on the other side of town lol. Anyways on my exploration of vape shops, one of my listed shops to visit was Vapor Emporium. I walked in and definitely liked the setup, reminded me of a cafe, seeing the tables to my right with what looked like menus laying flat. Kinda nice.I proceeded to the front counter where a lady greeted me and asked if i wanted to try some flavors. There was already a customer there, he said hi and shook my hand. I thought that was very friendly of him.  She had me take a look at all the flavors, i tried a few and thought they were pretty good.  I then asked whats their most popular and she mentioned Tidal Wave. I tested it out and immediately said "I want this one." she laughed and said "sure!" As she went to the back, the man sitting next to me and I had a nice chat. He gave me a business card and said stop by sometime. I still haven't been able to find the time sorry!!More about the business, Tidal Wave still happens to be in my disposal as i've collected nearly 20 bottles from different vape shops around las vegas. Everytime i taste it, it tastes great and i don't think i'll ever get tired of it aha. So if you haven't tried Tidal Wave definitely try it!. VVE mixes their own juice right before you pay so it's newly made instead of sitting in a glass showcase. Overall i had a great experience here. I like the customer service, i like how the inside looks and i do like their assortment of flavors as well as their prices. Will Definitely come back when i'm in the area. A little too far for me to just go whenever i want.
5	This place totally exceeded my expectations. Bought a kit yesterday and this morning the product didn't work. Came down to the store and they checked it out and there was a faulty part. They replaced it absolutely no questions asked! Some of the best customer service I have had in a very long time!!
5	Very very help full. I tried a few flavors I ended up getting butter rum it was very good. Thank you George for all your help.
5	Far away from my home (I live near Sam Boyd Stadium) but worth the trip for the juices they carry and it's made once you ask for it. Very friendly and informative staff!
5	This spot is one of the best vapor spots in town. They make all their own juices and come out with new ones all the time. Even helped me rebuild my RBA's - if you are looking for a friendly local vape shop. This is your "Cheers"Try:Dragons bloodWise guyAidens DragonDragon Picnic
5	New to vaping, visited this shop today and all I can say is outstanding customer service.  Was approached as soon as we entered and found the staff to be well-informed and friendly. Loved sitting at the bar and trying flavors. Never felt rushed, this will be the only place I go for my vaping needs.
5	Love the selection of vape gear they have!  Friendly staff, great selection of juices.
3	The Vapor Emporium was suggested to us by a friend from work - a 24/7 vaporer. We checked it out on a Saturday night - I wish we had gone at a different time. When we walked in with a gurgle in our evick, Justin was super helpful. He helped us replace the coil and saved us some money with a 5 pack. He answered some newbie questions for us and then we went to see Shawn at the juicebar. The juicebar was a calamity. Every stool was taken...by an employee. I'm not sure whether or not they were on the clock, but they were all wearing Vapor Emporium polos and didn't seem interested in letting us do business there. There were two women not wearing the polos and by their conversation, it seems that they spend most nights there. We awkwardly stood behind everyone, reading and re-reading the list of juices, not really sure how to begin, as nobody was paying us any attention. After about twenty minutes of sitting there, one woman left and we were able to belly up to the bar to start sampling. The experience with Justin was A+, the juicebar was a D, but the flavors are on point. That's where the 3 stars comes from. If they could get the employees to make way for the customers, it would be an easy 4 star rating. It just doesn't make sense to make new customers feel awkward and wait while everyone is hanging out. We'll be back, but maybe next time we'll try mid-week.
5	This is a really great vape shop. As soon as you walk in the door you're greeted and helped. They are really good with people who are new to vaping too; they sit down with you and go step by step so there is no confusion. They are very helpful and have a huge list of flavors. My personal favorite is Tidal Wave. They have a juice bar where you can sit and taste flavors. They have new products all the time. Great place!
5	This place is awesome I went there to get my first vape and they explained everything I needed to know and hooked me up wit one that was right for me. The people in there are real nice and its kool they have a tasting bar before just buying flavors.  Its a little out of my way but I will keep going there for all my vaping needs.
5	Great place. I'm brand-new to the vapor scene so I stop by to see what it was all about. They helped me with a vapor pen I bought online (unfortunately) they took a look at it and troubleshot the problem so I can get repaired/replaced. It's worth stopping in to see what it's all about if you are unfamiliar.
3	Once I had realized that this store was right on the corner from my house I stopped in. I loved the store instantly. Their products are great and so are their prices. In fact the best in town thus far. However, I am conflicted in my decision to rate this close to perfect shop. I am a Manager in retail so to me customer service is at the very top of my list when shopping anywhere and spending my hard earned money. There are some great employees that work at this shop. The Ustin's as they call them are great guys. With great customer service skills. The owner Michael is a great guy. I just think that he is new to owning a business as well as overseeing several associates/employees. When anyone walks into a store to spend their money, they want to be treated with common courtesy and respect. There are a few employees in this shop that need to be held accountable for their rude behaviors and their attitudes towards customers. No one wants to have the person that they are speaking to roll their eyes at them when asking a question or treat them like they can't be bothered with their questions. This will definitely kill this business. If you can't handle the questions with respect you are definitely in the wrong line of work. I HAVE sent many friends and family members to this shop most were treated with the same rudeness and disrespect and never returned. Even family members from out of town wanted to try out the vapor cig and new nothing about where to even start. Unfortunately.....they were treated very rude. And went somewhere else to buy their first kit. I think that I HAVE made my point. I would rate this shop a 5 star shop if not for the rudeness and the rolling of the eye.. and I can't be bothered with your question attitude. I love their juices and I will send my husband in to buy for me. I am however.....searching for a shop with better attitudes and equal products. Get it together guys. Customers pay for your wages. Treat customers with the respect that you would like to be treated with, always! Mike get ahold of these employees before they sink you. I'm sure you know who they are. Maybe they should take some tips from the Ustin's. Just sayin!
5	I quit smoking 4 years ago.  Recently while out w/ a friend (drinking, obviously) I started to crave a smoke.  I haven't craved a cigarette in a very long time.  Unfortunately, I caved and I smoked  1/2 of one of her cigs.  I didn't even enjoy it - it was gross, I felt gross, and I was not happy.This is when I decided to look up Vape shops and get myself vapor pen.  I DID NOT want to go back down that path.  I found Vegas Vapor Emporium using Yelp and after seeing the rating I decided to give it a try.So upon walking in, I realized that this is not just a vapor shop - it's also a hang out joint.  There's a tasting bar to the right (I'll get to that in a minute) and some chairs & a table as well.  As soon as I walked in, the gentleman from behind the counter asked me if he could help w/ anything.  I told him my story.  He took me to the showcases and explained the different types of vapor pens they carry and the pros/cons of each.  I decided on one that was middle of the road, just in case I didn't like it.Then he directed me to the tasting bar.  They have hundreds of flavors to choose from.  They have a vapor pen w/ a disposable tip and they let you try as many flavors as you'd like.  The tender (it is a bar, right?) writes down the ones you like.  Then you have options - 3 or 4 different sizes (all a very good value in my opinion) and different levels of nicotine.  I was pleasantly surprised to learn that I could get one w/ ZERO nicotine.  I decided I would get a small bottle w/ zero nicotine to see if this would kick my craving..I figured if it didn't, I'd just come back and get the lowest level.Once you pay, they take your order in back and mix up your "juice" fresh - on the spot.I love my vapor pen - I love all of the flavors I've gotten so far (Key Lime, Pride, and Vanilla Cupcake, just to name a few).  The customer service is even fantastic.  I dropped my pen the day after purchasing it which busted the cartridge.  I went in to the store and they replaced it, not questions asked.  SCORE!I constantly recommend this shop to people - I'm definitely a fan!
5	Everytime I have come here I have had a great experience. Most of my visits are for new atomizers or a flavor that I really enjoy and I don't have to wait long. They tend to always be a little busy and to me that means they are definitely doing something right. The staff is friendly and helpful, always greeting me when I enter the door. Today when I arrived I was informed they were out of my atomizers but so was the website I order from due to the Chinese New Year. The gentleman offered a solution to my problem by offering a new tank that came with a total of three atomizers at around the same price I was looking to spend on atomizers anyway so that is a great way to sell and be solution oriented to your client's needs. Five stars for your constant attention to your clients and helping solve problems with not having what they want and finding them what they actually need.
5	Our regular vape shop didn't have the battery that my sweetie wanted, so we decided to give this place a shot, and so damn glad we did! You can tell these guys love their job, they know what they're talking about, and the customer service is A+!!! Justin, George, Mike and Dustin are seriously some of the nicest guys ever! They gained 2 new customers for life! Thanks guys!
5	I'm a retard. I posted a bad review about the store not being open during their posted hours... It's Sunday, not Saturday; I was there 2 hours before the posted opening.
5	Vegas Vapor Emporium was my first visit to a vapor shop and after checking out a different one, I will continue to make the drive to Vegas Vapor. The staff was very helpful and I contribute my great experience there with the fact that I haven't smoked since my first visit. If you are new to vaping and have questions this is the place to get them answered. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful. It's well worth the trip!
4	Not my regular vapor shop, but I like the convenience of location from where I live... Nice place though, with a good variety.
5	The staff is very friendly and their selection of vape flavors is pretty extensive as well as reasonably priced. I especially like the "bar" to try a lot of their flavors.
5	I go out of my way to come here!These guys are awesome.  Discount for military, police, and veterans.  This is also a gun-friendly place - not unusual to see law-abiding citizens open carrying here.Nadia at the vape bar is a real sweetie.  She always greets me with a smile, and suggests new flavors to try.  And she never gets annoyed when I'm indecisive.The guys behind the counter are great too.  I get good advice on which products are the best.
5	Mike is the man. Not just a business but a second home. Love this place. They really look out for u.
4	Had a great experience here- Devin helped my husband and I (we're total noobs to vaping). He told us about how everything worked, the maintenance, then let us sample a ton of flavors, all right before closing time. Then he set us our stuff for us and filled- great service. The only feedback I would give the shop is about the atmosphere- the lighting is not what I thought it would be- a bit bright and uninviting. Will definitely go back.
5	This place is hands down the best place for liquids. Not only do they make ot right there on the spot, but they have awesome customer service and lower prices on the liquids themselves, I mean how do you beat a place that gives you the best liquids at a lower price. You can't! So the product is the best I have found yet and I have been to a dozen or so stores from here to LA, not to mention online stores, how do you top that?The employees here rock and take the time to explain the intricacies of modding(custom vapes) and will walk you through your first build(and more if needed). I could not be happier and I am an extremely picky customer. At least 4 of the times I have visited, at least one person is new to this store (new to vaping or not) and comments on the good quality of  the liquid. Seriously, just come here and you will have found your spot for vaping.
1	Fast forward from my initial visit.  This is the SECOND time that I have purchased a mod from this business and have it epic fail within 30 days.  I went in for a simple exchange because my mech mod had a short in it.  Most of the employees were just sitting around and had a blank, uninterested look on their face. They put copper dielectric grease on it and used a grinding wheel and said it was fixed.  I want a mod that works right out of the box.  I will not be going back for anything.  Substandard equipment that is priced almost twice of other outlets.  Pick n Puff MUCH better.
1	I only rated it one star cause I had to otherwise it would be no star. Before I start I will say the owner is a really cool guy. I had an issue with my battery that I just bought a week prior and he exchanged it no problem. Other than that every other employee that I had an interaction with sucked. They are rude and almost act like they are being inconvenienced when you ask questions or sample more than one flavor of juice. That's a whole other issue. Their juices are so inconsistent it's not even funny. If I pay for a juice I just sample I want it to taste at least semi close to what I sampled. I literally wasted my time and money. The juice I got tasted horrible compared to what I sampled and unfortunately I'm not the only one. I have a large group of friends who vape and they all had the same complaint about how inconsistent the juices are. One week it will taste one way and then you go back to get more and it's completely different. A bunch of idiots work here and I hate every one of them.
5	Great prices and great juices. Devin and Justin are top shelf dudes. Best place for your vaping needs and wants in town, and I've been to them all.
4	Truly liked the service. Justin set me up with an Innokin Cool Fire "grenade" and a bottle of juice. He then sat down at a table with me and went over the unit with me. This gets two thumbs up from me. I've only tried 2 bottles of their juice and I do enjoy it. The only thing I can consider a downside is the size of the shop. A little small.
5	Just left and I am extremely happy with the service here! My brand new mod died and I lost my receipt but they remembered who I was and replaced my broken mod! You guys always come through.. Thanks again!!
5	Best vape shop. Employees are really nice and prices are great. My favorite flavor out of the many I love has to be "Don't tell" which is a strawberry vanilla custard. Simply amazing!
2	Used to be my go to store until I found other vape stores around town and then this one quickly became pretty blah with a small selection of hardware and not very good juice. Also if you purchase something from them like a mod and have a problem with it the very same day or next they will give you the hardest time I'm trying to exchange it or get it looked at to see if it could be fixed. There are much better vape stores in town.
5	I really love this place! All of the employees are great! When I jammed the button on my mod and messed up the coils they had no problems fixing it and adjusting the coils.
5	first time shopping for e-juice and I was greeted upon walk in. Friendly staff and courteous. Provided samples at mini Vapor bar that helped obtain the flavor you wanted.
5	Hands down the best vapor spot in town. I just had a rough day at work. To add to the struggle my vape has been empty all day. I haven't smoked a single cigarette in over a year, but by the time I got to Vegas Vapor Emporium they were closed for two and a half hours.I walked over to the 7 11 next door and paid for a pack of my old usual Marlboro Red 100s. The cashier mentioned there was some kid outside trying to score some cigarettes, so I told him "man I'm not trying to get some kid to start smoking, I haven't even smoked one in over a year. I was trying to buy some vapor fluid, but the shop is closed" What a stroke of luck that none other than the owner was standing right next to me, heard my story, and opened up just to hook me up. Brother I will never forget how your store has stopped me from smoking twice.
5	On my birthday a friend of mine  took me into this shop and bought me my first mod and atty. I got the Mutant Mod  and Asmodus atty and a short time later I had quit cigarettes. Great selection in juice and great customer service. I kept going into the shop to try new juices and ended getting more Mods and atties from them. Shout out to Anthony who helped out the whole time on my birthday and Shawn and Mike thanks for making my first time vaping a good one.
