5	I went to Fez Grill on opening day and bought a Doner Kebab sandwich to go. The sandwich had shaved veal and lamb on some sort of pita bread and included lettuce, tomato, and onion. The sandwich was huge and a great value ($5.99) considering how much veal and lamb there was. The Pita was soft on the inside, but had a crispy outside which was a nice touch. The veal and lamb were tender and had some delicious spices going on. It's a brand new restaurant and the inside of it looked like it was pretty good for a sit-down meal. Overall, my sandwich was really tasty and inexpensive, and the atmosphere was welcoming.The staff was really friendly, too. I highly recommend Fez Grill!
5	I went to Fez Grill on opening day and bought a Doner Kebab sandwich to go. The sandwich had shaved veal and lamb on some sort of pita bread and included lettuce, tomato, and onion. The sandwich was huge and a great value ($5.99) considering how much veal and lamb there was. The Pita was soft on the inside, but had a crispy outside which was a nice touch. The veal and lamb were tender and had some delicious spices going on. It's a brand new restaurant and the inside of it looked like it was pretty good for a sit-down meal. Overall, my sandwich was really tasty and inexpensive, and the atmosphere was welcoming.The staff was really friendly, too. I highly recommend Fez Grill!
5	My wife and I tried it last night and each had a great meal. The Fez Mix was a great selection of all kinds of meats. The food was prepared quickly and was hot when we got it. The service was great and the food all had great flavor to it. My wife got the Iskender and that is my new favorite! Go try it out! If you get to meet Sinan the owner, tell him Andy sent you!
5	Nice inside. Outside is a bit... Trashy. Great service. Excellent food!
5	Excellent food. Great service. Awesome tea & coffee.   'nough said.
4	I shared big plate with my colleague, various meat  was finely seasoned and taste was very good. Turkish tea is also great.
