4	I was headed to Taco Tuesday, after my workout this morning...the traditional Tuesday retox after the detox:)Instead...I ended up "crepe'd" :-)I sprained my ankle playing squash a week or two ago, so unfortunately, no running this morning (or for the past week or two for that matter:(But, I was able to get on the bike and grind it out today, and I was getting "peckish" by the time noon rolled around:)I head out into the mean streets of Old Town Scottsdale for my rendezvous with a platter of good-'n-greasy tacos, when I remembered that Gabi had mentioned that a new sandwich shop had gone into the space once occupied by the Ice Tango yogurt shop I may have inadvertently killed...(BTW, The Beautiful Carin and I read the article in Inc. and we both agree...Gabi's not a day over 25 and not just compact and bubbly...she's frikkin' adorable:)I decided to give SWC a whirl:)I made a u-turn (which for some reason, seriously confused a covey of cotton topped and henna red-crested snowbirds following me down the street...I was walking and it shouldn't have caused much confusion, but they all scattered like frightened barn swallows when I changed course:)At any rate, SWC is open for business and has been since Saturday:)Terri and her BF have partnered to bring this little space to life and I think they might just make a go of it...not just for the sandwiches (which look good enough to be sure)...but for another feature of the place...crepes:)I was just looking for a sandwich when the crepes reached out and grabbed me and said "sit here and eat hearty"...they said it in French, so it sounded much classier, but that was what they said:)The French was appropriate, because Terri's BF is very French (and not "snooty Parisian, look down his nose" French...He's more "en province', everyone is his friend, can't do enough for you" French:)I was looking at the sandwiches and then at the salads and then at the crepe irons and I said "can you do crepes for lunch?"Terri said "Sure" and I was suddenly very happy:)I was even happier after my egg, goat cheese, basil and tomato crepes...a genuine value for $7.99 and a delightful lunch...warm, soft, savory and filling:)I'll be keeping SWC in the rotation...I may even try a sandwich now and then:-)
5	Roast beef sandwich on cibatta with sundried tomatoes and garlic aioli was incredible.  All future sandwiches will be disappointing.
5	My wife and I stumbled on this place after trying to meet up at the Old Town Nello's Pizza location for lunch. Since Nello's is gone we saw a sign for the Sandwich Club.As soon as we walked in we were greeted by incredible smells and by George, the owner, who is incredibly friendly and talkative. It is a rarity to walk into a restaurant in the US and receive this kind of welcome - it makes me think of how cafes and pubs are in Europe.The menu included breakfast, freshly made crepes, sandwiches, and salads. The wife and I both had 1/2 sanwich and salad combos for $8 - portions were huge. All of their ingredients are made fresh - roasted peppers, eggplant, and other grilled veggies and meats. I had the spinach salad with 1/2 a meatball sub. Wife ate a greek salad and a grilled ham/brie sandwich.The woman making the sandwiches was very friendly and talkative as well, made us feel welcome, and even threw in a pastry for free for our yet-to-emerge baby.Everything was great, we'll go back, and we recommend it. When was the last time you felt obliged to go over and shake the owners hand for a good lunch? Not often. But ya do here.
5	Randomly finding a place has never ended up so great. The owners are so friendly and warm, they greet you with big hello's when you walk in the door. Everything you see is made there, by them, each day. And it tastes like it. The sandwich menu is huge and all sounded incredible; it was really had to choose. You can't go wrong with the lunch special of 1/2 sandwich, 1/2 salad...we were served WAY more than 1/2 of salad. My sandwich (panini, really) was fantastic- ham and brie. Some of the sandwiches they can't split, but they ended up splitting the meatball anyway for my husband. He said he'd choose another, but they were so cool, they did it anyway. They also gave us a free, fresh pastry, (all are made by the owner's wife) for the baby (I'm expecting at the end of June). The people alone are worth it to stop by, and the food was so fresh and good, you're missing out if you don't give it  a try. They also do crepes and that's next on my list to get.
4	Saturday afternoon. It's great weather and we're strollin' through Old Town looking for a place to eat. The conversation turns to the topic of sandwich spots and how Old Town has great sit-down eateries but not as many on-the-go local sandwich joints. Then...as if the sandwich gods were watching us, we come across the newly opened Sandwich Club right in the heart of old town at the former residence of Iced Tango. Stopping mid-walk to another restaurant, we made a game time decision to check it out. Like any new restaurant, we examined the atmosphere and menu before going inside. Crepes and sandwiches? Looking good so far! I like to call myself a sandwich coinsurer. I crowned myself with that title and I've been working long and hard to live up to it, so I can't just give sandwich compliments anywhere. But, the Sandwich Club has got it my friends. The shop is set up like a sandwich bar. As you walk in, the window scenery includes delectable crepes being made by the French owner himself. Right there you know it's going to be good. Fresh made pastries are lining the counters as you walk towards a bar with every kind of sandwich topping you can imagine staring you in the face. The menu anxiety sets in, but I felt like any choice would have been good. I went for the Grilled Brie sandwich which is a Panini style sandwich filled with brie, ham and tomato. To add some flavor, I included Honey Mustard. The bread looks like it's straight from a Paris bakery and they grill it Panini style right before your eyes. The sandwiches are huge and delicious and leave you wanting more if you hadn't just stretched your stomach to finish it. As I was walking in to refill my drinks, I saw a crepe go by. I smelled it too. I've been dreaming about it since that moment. It's a bit hidden and you could easily walk by it without even realizing it's there or exactly how good it really is, so stay on the lookout. It might be nice if they handed out sandwich and crepe samples to potential visitors because once you have a taste, you'll be begging for more. I could go on for days, but I will end on this note. If you are looking for a sandwich spot, check them out. Owned and operated by a Frenchman, it has the true feel of a European style eatery. So stop by and help this great new spot stay in business!
4	Yelp and you will be heard! I fed my sandwich addiction this weekend with another stop at the Sandwich Club and noticed they've started passing out Crepe samples. Heaven in my mouth, the crepes are delicious and now you can treat your taste buds while you wait for them to make the main course. Keep up the crepetaculous work Sandwich Club!
5	Yay I am fan too!  I saw this place open recently and knew I would get in to try it eventually.  Well last week was my chance... I actually came twice last week that is how much I liked it.  The owners are extremely nice and attentive and the sandwiches are spectacular!  I have to say I am a condiment hater... manly just one kind of condiment mayonnaise or any variation of that:)  What I loved about this place is they have a tuna salad with no mayo!! it is awesome!  they also add capers to the tuna salad which add such a great flavor.  I had them add some pesto and olive tapenade to my sandwich... it was sooo good I basically had to force myself to stop eating it.  I will definitely be back... cant wait to try a different sandwich and some crepe's too!
4	thank you yelp!  this is a great new find!!  been here twice..once for take out..was wonderful...2nd time... took the whole fam... love this place!  great food, (served w great personality... love that!) and atmosphere was like the little neighborhood gem...only thing that could make them better is if they would deliver when we are too busy...thats why only 4 star!  we'll be back!
4	Located on Scottsdale Rd this place is pretty easy to find.  Its right across the street from the sugar bowl.  Sandwichs are great footlong panini's basicly.  The half salad and sandwich is the best deal their salads are amazing.  Fresh lettuce and dressings.  The owners are really friendly also.  But here is the best part! French Pastry! They have crepes and crousants!  Give it a shot for lunch you will be happily surprised.
5	My fiance and I come every weekend. We cannot miss our weekend crepe, they are delightful - fresh ingredients, cooked to perfection. And we love the singing and friendly staff :) support this fabulous local, little spot.
5	We accidentally found this wonder while looking for a place to eat today and finding out the next door restaurant may not have been what we had expected. Sitting outside, watching the activity on the street, and eating a delicious omelette was the BEST thing I could have done this morning.The charm of the staff and the delicious food will bring me back over and over again. It was so good, my party and I reached out to a passerby who looked intrigued and encouraged them to eat here instead of their usual next door favorite. They were not disappointed either. Bon appetite to all who go.
5	Excellent sandwiches and great service.   Also have an extensive crepes menu. Try the southwest sandwich.
5	This place is yummy!
4	This is a solid little Sandwich shop. The people are very friendly and asked a lot about what I wanted on my order instead of just going with what they felt was standard. I really appreciate this, especially since I'd never been there, and don't know what's standard there. I had a grilled brie. It has ham, brie (obviously), lettuce, tomato, and hot peppers. The sandwich is good and huge. It cost nearly $10.00 alone after tax, but is well worth it's value. I was only able to finish half of it. Next time I go I'll probably opt for the lunch special, a half Sandwich and salad, or soup and salad. I also want to check out some their crepes some time.There are a few minuses but the food was so good that none of this would bug enough to not come back. The Sandwich club is just south of Indian School on Scottsdale. It's in a high traffic area, and you may have to park a little ways away from it during peak lunch hours. It's also super small, so I wouldn't recommend it for dining in. It also has a very weird set up. You walk in and head to the end of the counter to order, then back to the front to pay. This wouldn't be too bad if there was an organized way to do this, but the place is so small you just kind of get stuck between the people ordering and the people paying.
4	Discovered this yummy place when we were heading to the Daily Dose and the line was too long to wait... it is right next door to the Daily Dose.   Was greeted by the owner as we came in.  I ordered the lunch combo (half caesar salad and half ham and brie panini sandwich).  The portion size was HUGE!!  Dave went with the build your own sandwich.   All were delicious.  The crepes looked good too and will have to try them next time!  The prices were very affordable -- especially for the amount of food you get!  Will definitely be back!  :)
4	Great new sandwich spot in old town. I went there for the first time today. Sandwiches are around $10 but they are huge and really tasty. I would recommend it to any sandy lovers.
5	great vibe in here... The owners are ALWAYS here making the crepes and sandwiches right in front of you. This place feels very much like a new york style cafe. The owners are friendly, talkative, and often offer you a free taste of dessert. The food is fresh... try an omelet or crepe. The sweet crepes are also fantastic for dessert. Food is made with love... i can taste it.
2	I love supporting local non-corporate establishments and when we found it on yelp with nothing but great reviews we figured it was worth a try.  Service was good but the product that we were served was low quality...We ordered 2 breakfast items and both were not up to standards, the side of shredded bag lettuce and some rotten tomatoes was my 1st inclination this was not going to be a spot worth returing to.  I also decided to try a crepe, they were out of the one i wanted so i decided to go with nuttella and banana...The banana was old and supper soft,,,who likes old bananas? And to top it off...literally the ice cream on top of the crepe tasted of freezer burn.  All this for $20 something buck... The fellow yelpers before me gave out undeserved stars and lead me wrong.  There are much better spots in old town...seek them out
5	Love this place!!! Went there for lunch and George the owner made our Greek salad and Southwest Sandwhich. It was amazing!!! Even their ice tea was yummy!  When we were about done eating George came over to our table and asked us how the food was...and he was real friendly.  I would definitely go back there again and maybe see how their breakfast menu is like.
5	Best sandwich shop in Scottsdale. Great service. Delicious food. I usually get the ham and Brie but everything else I've had is awesome. Go..
5	I ran across this on my way to starbucks and was delightfully pleased! The crepes are just amazing - the best I've had since living in France!! The service was great and I would recommend this shop to everyone!
4	I thought this sandwich shop was very good!!  The sandwich was soooo tasty and the people that worked there are very friendly.  The sandwiches are huge and it's not too expensive b/c they are so big.  I will definitely go back.  Go try it!
5	What a brilliant place to have breakfast. The coffee was delicious, and the staff was entertaining and very friendly.And they have crepes! Spectacular ones!If you're in or around Old Town you should absolutely stop by. Grab a sandwich or crepe to go, or take a seat in their cute little dining area. Plus, the staff openly speak French and at least one of them may break out into song. Highly recommended.
5	I've been here a few times and everytime it is excellent. The owners are very friendly and helpful. My favorite sandwich is the deluxe club. The thick cut bacon really makes the sandwich. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches salads or crepes. All the portions are very large plus the special on yelp doesn't hurt either For saving some money.
4	Went there recently for a half a sandwich and salad on their lunch special.My only complaint is that it's relatively pricey. Overall I would say that it is definitely worth it when you factor in the amazing service and the variety of fresh ingredients.Definitely try it!
4	Awesome sammi's! Great portions, and lots to chose from. A little pricey, but worth the buck. It's nice to go into a family owned restaurant and feel the love, they really want you to enjoy every bite!
4	I didn't expect to hear people speaking French in Arizona, but I also didn't know I'd wind up at the Sandwich Club. Lavazza espresso--just like a Parisian cafe! It's all "madamoiselle" and "monsieur" and "voila" at this simple, cheery restaurant. Excellent savory crepes--mozerella and basil, goat cheese and tomato. The spinach salad (sans bacon) was also very nice. We returned for a sweet crepe with Nutella and bananas. You could probably put Nutella on a shingle and I'd love it, but I digress. This appears to be a family operation, with the father and son standing out front, soliciting patrons like carnival barkers, while mama makes the crepes. I could be totally wrong about the familial relationships, though. Either way: bon appetit!
5	Loved this place!  Excellent food, location, tables, etc.  The sandwiches are $9 and up though, so the only thing I'd do is label this on a "$$" on Yelp.
3	update: Added a star- went again and had a fruit crepe. Was good, but nothing to sing about. Still feel like the place is overpriced, but the service was friendly (although we did get the wrong sandwich again). Probably wont be back. There's way too many places in old town to settle for overpriced mediocrity.  Okay. Maybe I'll reconsider my two stars if I come back for crepes, but this review is based solely on a lackluster lunch experience. A coworker and I decided to try this place today, and I'm seriously underwhelmed. Immediately upon walking in, the smell of the place made me want to turn around and walk out. I sucked it up and had a seat. It was disorienting having a waitress when the area is arranged deli style and there is a big "ORDER HERE" sign hanging above the glass case (think Subway). My sandwich was okay, but nothing to rave about and it cost $10 with NO sides. My water was served in a tiny disposable plastic cup, and the menu was on xerox paper. If I'm paying ten bucks for a sandwich, give me some dang chips or a pickle... or a reusable drinking glass.After leaving, I realized that the heinous odor of the shop had permeated my jacket, hair and clothes. I had to bathe in a friend's perfume back at work to get rid of the smell. Plus, I'm just now shaking really bad stomach cramps after eating there, so I ended up pitching the second half of my premium priced sandwich out of concern for it's integrity.I know I wont be going back for lunch or sandwiches, but I'll possibly try again for crepes... but I'm not in a hurry.
2	I have only been here once so this review is simply based on a one lunch stand.  I ordered the Vegetable sandwich and they did not have the roasted red peppers or the grilled eggplant so these two things were automatically substituted with mushrooms and tomatoes?  The guy making my sandwich could not speak english so their was no "hey man is it cool if we don't have the red pepper and eggplant" conversation. The hummus was pretty good on the sandwich but the bread salad side didn't taste like anything.  That is your only option also is either a bag of chips or bland bread salad.  Thirdly a sandwich and a drink was like $13 bucks.  I don't mind spending money on good food but this seemed kinda steep for a lackluster lunch.  With Daily Dose right next door I am not sure what would be making me go back to this place.
4	I've now experience Sandwich Club's delivery and I must say, they do a good job with delivering the food in a very timely manner. The food was correct and tasty! I got the Brie and Ham with honey mustard added. Tres Bien!! I do think it's best to have cash on you if you decide to utilize the delivery. I love the fact that they deliver!!
5	I was driving by this place and decided to stop in for lunch. Boy, am I glad a did! The owner is from France and is very friendly. Everything that I have tried on the menu is excellent. The Ham and Brie sandwich is one of my favorites as well as the freshly made desserts. I have been back many times since stumbling upon this place and they are always consistent in delivering great customer service and stellar food!
4	I needed to grab a bite on a day in the office, so I thought I'd take a little trek over to Sandwich Club. Lots of my former co-workers would tell me that they loved the food here.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the owner. A super cool dude. He promptly asked if it was my first time there, and he asked where I was from. I like a little small talk before a sandwich.In any case, I ended up going with a no-mayo tuna salad sandwich.Do you remember that time in junior high when you saw a pretty girl and you never had the guts to go talk to her? But your friends dared you to do it? The no-mayo tuna salad is the pretty girl. I dare you to try it. It's amazing. The capers and lemon juice make this so flavorful. You'll be holding hands with this, and it will grace your lips in no time....unlike that girl from Jr. High who secretly despised you because you were fat. Oh wait.The menu seems quite diverse, with many sandwich options, and they also make crepes.The food tasted great, the service was great. I'd definitely come back for more and try something else.Afterall....who doesn't love a good sandwich!
5	INCROYABLE!  You will love the food, the ambiance and most of all the people!  It is one of those hidden treasures right on the "rue" for great dining outdoors or in and Valerie and Faby make you feel like you are the only guests and being served in their home!  What a great combination for a truly joyous cuisine experience.  It's a five star at every level---body, mind and soul!Thank you again Valerie and Faby!Dr. Molly O'Shea and FamilyPS We hear that Greg is great too, just did not get to meet him!
4	When I go out for breakfast I like it to be slightly busy (It makes me feel like I'm making a better, more popular choice). So when I saw there were only 2 other people on a Saturday morning I was a little weary. However, I had been looking for a place with good crepes in AZ and had yet to find one - so I figured, eh, I'll try it out. I ordered a latte and Nutella & banana crepes. To my surprise it was delicious! I don't remember what my friend got, but I remember her being just as satisfied as me. We kept eating even though we knew that we'd regret the feeling of being overly stuffed. It was definitely worth it in the end. I expect to go here again soon. I just hope it's busier next time - this place deserves the business.
3	As far as lunches go, which is the only time I've tried Sandwich Club, the Daily Dose next door is a better meal at a better price.  The sandwiches here aren't bad, but they're not cheap ($9 - $10, not including a drink) either.  For the money, I'd rather get a less expensive sandwich elsewhere or spend a few extra bucks and get a better meal elsewhere.  Either way, I probably won't try Sandwich Club again.
4	This place is so good. It is a little expensive and the water tasted weird. But the food was AMAZING. The ham and brie panini is my favorite. Someone sitting next to us on the sidewalk patio was eating a crepe that looks good. I am going to go back and try that too.
4	Good sandwich! Spilt the new Yorkers with my husband it's so big! Fantastic baguette bread, blue cheese and caramelized onions. Yum. Side of macaroni salad hit the spot, didn't hv the typical macaroni after taste that I hate... So extra thumbs up for that. Sat on the patio and people watched, excellent lazy lunch. Now back to work :)
4	Me & the fam gave this place a try when I was home for a visit and really liked it! The food here is a solid. My mom, sister, & I each each had the half sandwich w/half salad or soup option. At $7.95 (INCLUDING drink) this is a great deal! What makes this option so great is that most of sandwiches on the menu are included as options (there was like two or three that weren't) and there were a few salads to choose from. Most places that offer deals like this only include a few basic sandwiches and a simple house salad. I got the brie & ham sandwich, which had tomato and pesto. it was delicious & tasted fresh. I got it w/the spinach salad that had apples & chunks of blue cheese in it. Mom had the same salad w/some sort of Mediterranean sandwich (it had red peppers & hummus) & I can't remember what sandwich sis had, but she got it w/French onion soup. Both of them really like there meals. My dad got the meatball sub, which I tasted and really liked. I noticed while I was here, Sandwich Club does a lot of carryout (I think I saw they even deliver), and even though we had no issues when dining in I can see why this option is more popular. The place itself is kind of small & crammed. There is an outdoor patio, but I was here in July...and this is AZ...so yeah, dining on the patio wasn't much of an option. I will definitely come back to this place (or at least get carryout) when visiting AZ. I LOVE crepes and want to try the ones here. The staff is friendly & I think for the portions, quality & freshness the prices are fair.
5	A hole in the wall next to the Daily Dose. Very small yet I love the people here and very tasty crepes!Not your average upscale dining however it is a very homey place. Prices are a little high but then again, its Old Town Scottsdale, what can you expect?
4	I had an appointment in Old Town and I was hungry, so I wanted a place that would be fast enough without resorting to fast food.  I remembered this little place next to Daily Dose, so I decided to check it out.  The ladies working there were very nice and welcoming.  I had the Southwest Chicken Sandwich.  It was very tasty and had a bit of a kick.  I can't wait to taste the crepes.
3	It was very quite when we went on a Sunday afternoon with our groupon.  Ordered the ham and brie and greek salad.  It was good but I am not sure good enough to make me want to seek it out again - sorry
3	After a night of heavy partying we were in much need of some food. We were hitting the road that day and our friend suggested we check out Daily Dose. Well it being a Sunday Daily Dose was packed. We were in a hurry so we decided to check this place out after reading the yelp reviews. At first sight I was a little off put by the place. Compared to the restaurants around it the ambiance was really lacking. There was also the, I'm assuming, owner standing outside pressuring people into coming to his place. Being hungover, hungry, and ready to get on the road we decided to eat here. The menu looked good enough. We sat down and mulled over many choices. I ended up deciding to get one of their breakfast sandwiches and a lemonade. My first disappointment was that the lemonade was that minute maid crap which never tastes right. My friends all ordered iced coffee and got hot coffee poured over ice, which they were all not too happy about. Already I was feeling like this wasn't going to be that good. The sandwich came after much waiting and it looked good enough. I found it to be ok, a little bland, and definitely nothing special. I couldn't distinguish any of the flavors of tomato, avocado, or the pesto. The egg was also a little on the well done side, and not light and fluffy. Everyone else seemed equally as meh'ed as I was at their dishes. On paper they sounded great but in reality, not so much. It didn't help that it was burning hot outside, the drinks were getting warmer by the minute, and there was little relief from the sun outside. Looking over at the Daily Dose we saw people eating outside covered by a balcony that had misters, sigh. The sandwich also came with a salad that was drowning in non descript brown sauce. Not yummy, and not needed with breakfast. The service was also good, but a bit scattered. It was a nice enough French lady but she seemed over eager to share with us and constantly flustered. The breakfast took longer then I would have liked and I never felt really comfortable. I know I wasn't the only one too. A pair of girls walking by got stuck at a table after the scary man outside convinced them to sit down after they asked if there was a bathroom. The girls kept telling each other they should leave because they didn't want to eat, but the man was there and they looked at him timidly. I would suggest that this place not have their scary owner, or whoever he is, outside trying to drag customers in. It frightens them away and doesn't make them feel welcomed.  Will I come back? Probably not. Next time I'll make some extra time in my schedule and have a peaceful, cool breakfast.
5	Super awesome friendly staff! I always want to try something different but end up getting the New Yorker because it is awesome!
3	Really good, delicious sandwiches.  Price is too high for what you get though.  Throw in a bag of chips and we'll see you again soon :)
2	I popped in here one day during lunch while doing a crash course at the RE school up the road. I was unsure but one of the employees was standing outside and kind of ushered me in. I walked in and looked at the menu puzzled, which you would think would encourage someone to speak up and tell me how they work...but alas. When I tried to place my order with the owner he just stared at me until one of the gals finally told me to head down to the other end. I ordered the veggie wrap thinking it would be healthy but boy was it the opposite. The thing was huge, awkward, and super messy. And of course I found myself with no napkins. The veggies that were in the wrap were swaddled in oil and after halfway through the oil spill I gave up. $10 for that mess. Also the owner asked me where I was from since I clearly wasn't a regular and when I told him SD he was quick to tell me how he doesn't like it there...not the normal answer I get, which is fine, it's your opinion, but talk about putting me off as I'm paying for my $10 wrap!
4	I decided to check this place out for lunch when I moved jobs to the Old Town area. I got there and was immediately greeted outside the door at their outdoor menu by the guy that works there. I asked what he recommended, and in a pretty strong accent, he rattled off a few sandwiches he recommended. I decided on the Southwest sandwich. Now, at first, I was a little unsure about the place because the people seemed rather harsh; almost unfriendly and impatient. However, that Southwest sandwich was absolutely to die for, so I decided to go back another day.Every day I've been back to order my Southwest sandwich, the staff has been friendlier and friendlier. I've only been there a handful of times and I already feel like a "regular." They recognize me immediately each time. Today, I got a free drink on the house. They've asked about where I work, how my day is going, etc.I've only ordered the Southwest sandwich so far, so I can't speak to the other sandwiches, but if they're anything like the Southwest, I highly recommend them. This place is easy to miss, but well worth seeking out.
4	Good croissant sandwich, cute place. Great service, nice people.
4	Yes, please.I was in S'Dale on business and needed to grab a quick lunch. I ducked in to Sandwich Club (or is it Sand*wich*club?) Expecting your usual fast food type sub. No way! This place has character, with a menu to match. A little quirky, as the young man that greeted me seemed to have no other job - but he was very entertaining and nice to chat with. One of the regulars convinced me to have a seat and chat with him, and I'm glad I did. We had a great conversation, and his buddy shared some goofy jokes. Sometimes chatting with people you don't know makes your life better.I recommend the sandwich named after the gal behind the counter. It's the first one on the menu with brie and peppers in the ingredients. I was a little hesitant at first, but my inner "order the special" voice got the better of  me. I'm glad it did, as it was wonderful! If I give you my address, can you FedEx me a sandwich?
4	AMAZINGGGGGGG! I loved walking in and having the smell of a fresh toasted sandwich in my nose. The owners are super Italian and the main guy makes sure everyone is taken care of and is having a good time. He loves fifties music and signs along with it while he's making crepes. I ordered the grilled cheese which has sharp cheddar, tomatoes, pesto, and avocado. I'm usually picky and like my food to be as simple as possible but the sandwich was awesome. My friend got a southwest sandwich which has chicken and peppers which was also really good. We ended up staying there for two hours cause we became so comfortable with the place and the staff. The owner even gave us a free banana crepe with ice cream. The only reason it doesn't get a full five stars is because there was miss communication between our waiter and the chef. We had to wait for quite a while to order because our waiter thought we had already put it in. The other downside is that it was a tid bit pricey for not including any sides like fries or chips. But still loved it overall.
5	Fabulous banana nutella crepe. Hard to find the real deal but this is it.
2	Paid $13 for a Reuben with a salad. It was okay. It did not make me want to go back. Next time I park in the schlotsky's I will go there as badly as I hate giving m money to chains.
5	The owner greeted us as we walked in- they were jammed packed but he got us a seat outside in less than 5 min. the server was kind too and the food amazing! the price is cheap for what you get! I had the southwestern sandwich and french onion soup which were both excellent!
4	Very good sandwiches. It seemed like the ladies making the sandwiches were passionate about their food, and that makes a nice change over so many of the chains. Nice location in old town Scottsdale. I ate at the sidewalk tables, and early spring weather made it great.
4	Place is tiny and relies mostly on outside seating, and parking is a bit tough like everywhere in that area, but worth it.  The iced tea wasn't good, but the Southwest Chicken Sandwich was delicious...definitely recommended.  Parking a couple blocks down on Main in the art district was the best we could do after circling around..but the walk isn't bad.
3	I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. Nice little independent sandwich shop. I had the roast beef and it was a large and delicious sandwich. Service was alright. The salad that came with my sandwich was pretty mediocre. I had a decent meal and a decent experience but nothing earth shattering.
2	How can this be a 5. The ruben sandwich was half warm and did not have great flavor.
4	~3.75This place is not too far from my office building, so my bf picked it out for lunch today. Around noon it was surprisingly not busy inside (maybe we missed the rush), and the nice lady inside directed us to take a seat and got our drinks started for us. After looking at the menu, I decided to get a combo, with half ceasar salad and bistro club sandwich. My bf ended up getting the Reuben.  There is just one woman behind the counter, so I can imagine what the wait would be like if it was busy, but it was just as couple of minutes before our sandwiches came out. They were awesome and provided the dressing on the side of my salad, which was cool. I have to say though that the ceaser dressing was a little water-y, not only in consistency but flavor as well. Not sure if they make that in house or what. My panini though was really good, and my bf described his sandwich as "excellent". The server was great the entire time, and you can tell they are proud of what they put out. The only thing to keep in mind is parking is rough if you're their for lunch (we had to drive around a bit before finding a spot). Also, they have 3 different menus (a chalkboard menu, two large paper ones tacked on the wall, and then personal menus for the diners). This wouldn't be an issue if the information in all three places were the same (different items on chalkboard menu, Reuben was 9.95 on two menus and 12.95 an another). Otherwise, I'd def be back
4	I only order one thing here and that is the ham and brie sandwich. It is an amazing combo and a very large sandwich. Highly recommend it if you like brie.
4	This place is great. The owner is very nice and friendly. The Mediterranean sandwich was amazing and the omelets look fantastic. I will definitely go there again and try their breakfast sandwich.
