5	I saw the car wash on my way to work. This is really convenient for me. I bought the $25 a month package with unlimited washes. I will save about $30 a month in washes and I can go through the wash whenever I want. I can still make it to work on time since it only takes me 4 minutes to go through the process from start to finish. The staff is clean cut and as a woman I feel safe there. Try it, you'll be glad you did!
4	I drive by this blue tube car wash every day on my way home, gave it a try one day and was pleasantly pleased. You think it's just a driver through car wash? oh no, its a foam blasting, window beating, antenna snatching off tube of cleaning joy! When you first drive up you are greeted with a man, who hands you a wet cloth to clean the inside of your car. After choosing from the three washing options: the standard clean, freaky clean, and obsessively clean- you drive around and enter the tube. It's quick only takes about 4 mins and you're back on the road. Unless you choose to swing around and take advantage of the free car vacuums. All in all it's great, Only looses a star because it's violent to your car (seriously you will lose a loose antenna! and side mirrors) and it doesn't get your car as clean as a place that hand dries your car.
4	The last few months, it seems I went to get my car washed right before it would rain, without fail. I actually enjoy sitting in my car and going through the big blue tube. When I come out, I always am pleased with the shine. It does lack a bit of detail on the back end, especially where the trunk gate hides the dust. I ended up springing for the monthly pass of unlimited washes for $29.99. I'll make it a resolution to go at least once a week. Keep it clean.
5	the vacuums suck, that's for suresnagged a twenty, inside doorpocket, swept it, straight awaycest le vie, most would saybut I asked, "could it be found?""sure, we'll shut, the vacuums down"owners, no less, had to goto a place, only, Mike Roweof Dirty Jobs, would lurk aroundthe filth, from every car in towncollecting, in some giant vatwhile they looked, there I satadmiring, this great ideaand how, ideas, are crystal clearto some, but not to othersbuild a better mouse trap, brotherwhich they have, at Clean Freakget your car washed, on the cheappseudo self-serve, shoot the tubefelt, just like, some surfer dudein a blue wave, closing outsoap and suds, sloshed aboutspot free rinse, turtle waxspit out, spotless, front to backya, I bought, the monthly passbefore, my car, it looked liked assfilthy, crusty, dusty, dirty ah shucks, now, she sure looks purdy'course Clean Freak's got, karma's attractionfound, returned, my andrew jackson
4	This car wash is great. Good price and friendly staff. The best part is that the use of the vacuums is included in the general wash. I am a big fan of washing my car at home by hand, there's nothing better than rubbing down my beautiful investment inch by inch (that's what she said?). However, I can never get the purdy shine I get from Clean Freak (maybe it's the air drying). After I ran my car through the auto-wash and spent some quality time vacuuming out the months of debris it looked as great as the day I bought it.
5	the first time i went through clean freak car wash, i felt like i was 5 years old again going through the car wash in the backseat of my moms Buick Roadmaster Estate Wagon.  i was so giddy and excited i could barely contain myself. the bright blue roof and name "clean freak" were very alluring, as was the $4.99 price tag.pulled up and the guy checking in cars was super friendly and gave me my clean freak car wash card, where your 8th wash is free!!! and it's the super premium one too!! they have 3 levels to choose from. i'm a cheap ass and went with the $5 one. the other 2 come with 3-day guarantees in case it rains. HA. rain??? what is that???went through the car wash and it was so badass i filmed a video and posted it on youtube. ha. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldaciwSaWmg )the vacuums are FREEEEEEE!!!!!! amazing. best car wash value.
5	I got the Clean Freak in my new hood.. Bajazam!! I love these guys bc I'm obsessive about my wheels.. On my car.. Being sparkly & new looking.. And don't dare leave spots on my newly clean car... And... These nice guys don't.. They gave me a punch card.. They were nice bc I actually get a bit of anxiety trying to get the strait on strait w my tires as I'm directed to drive strait to start the process.. They usually giggle a bit.. Which I find endearing:-) free vacs..& a punch card for a free wash.. Uh huh, that's right!
4	Yup. It's a DIY drive through car wash. It's fast, relatively cheap, and  centrally located. It's the little details that make this place shine -- such as the big Armor-all wipe thing you get when you pay, so you can scrub all the dried spilled coffee and dust off your console as you're cruising through the tube. The vacuums are hard-core, professional quality.There is a 3-day guarantee on all but the cheapo $4.99 wash, where you bring the receipt in and get a free basic wash. One employee once told me, "We don't have any record of what car got the first wash, so you can really bring any car back for the freebie, you know" nudge, nudge, wink, wink. Well... that's not really my cup of tea, but thanks (?). My main beef is that where's my effing punch card??? I never got one, and I've already been there three or four times. Dammit!!!
3	I was in the unfortunate circumstance this past weekend of having to wake up at 630am to drive and pick up my Bountiful Basket from Ahwatukee. To help offset the sleep, I decided to grab an iced coffee from the king of coffee, Dunkin Donuts.As I walked back to my filthy, dusty car, I got the overwhelming desire to wash it. Now, folks, on the rare occasions when I want nothing more than to clean my car or house, I try to monopolize on the opportunity, so I drove around to three different car washes in an attempt to get my baby cleaned... but as luck would have it, not one god damned place was open.Just when my will to live was seconds away from being squashed, I suddenly remembered that there was a Groupon special a week ago for Clean Freak, and I felt like it was a moment of Nachos (see Dallas G.) so I decided to see if the Nachos Gods were on my side this day.Well guess what, Clean Freak was open! And I was excited because that big blue tunnel was just fascinating! And what is this? $10 for the most pricey wash that cleans my tires too?? AND air freshener?? SCORE!!! And to boot, the cashier dude was in holiday spirit wearing his Halloween costume!Now, here comes this crappy part... the wash really wasn't that good. My windows weren't clean and there was still grime all over my tires. I had to buy window cleaner. None of the dead bugs came off my grill, either.Oh.... and the vacuum's... I honestly believe that they could have sucked an unborn child from my womb had I been carrying one. But instead it got one of the many pieces of my stereo console. I'm sure that is going to cost me good money to replace. Thanks.Next time I have to make such an effort to get my car washed, I will just live like a filthy slob until I can find time to make it over to Danny's Family. It may cost $25 but at least my car is clean and I don't have to worry about losing my uterus.
5	Cheap, quick, and freakin awesome! Oh did I add that they have free access to their vacuums. It's the worst when you pop your quarters in and you have just a lil more to go and bam- it shuts off. Definitely don't have to worry about that here. Also the cherry air freshner rocked my world and the lil wipey they give you to wipe your dash off was a lovely smell as well. I can't remember the last time i was eager about getting my car washed, but definitely running through there the next time I'm due for another car wash.
4	First trip today using a Groupon that I purchased a while back. Forgot i had the darn thing.  Really enjoyed this carwash!  Very neat and organized.  The guys working there are friendly and helpful.  Going through the carwash made me feel like a kid again. It's kinda space age looking.  The vacuums suck like nobody's business, and I mean suck in a good way!  My Grendel (99 Ford Ranger) looks so shiny and new and his carpets are nice and clean.  Oh, and they give you a pre moistened disposable cleaning cloth for the interior.  How's that for service?!  The price is fantastic, especially if you buy a package deal.
3	Pros: Convenient. I can wash my car every day of the week since I signed up for the monthly plan. I get a wax spray along with the regular wash and a little car freshner for $18 / month. It's close to my work.Quick. It's a quick wash and I've never had to wait in line yet. Cheap. I dig the price. I would pay $8 for a one time wash at another place. Cons: It's a three minute wash. So don't expect your car to come out looking like it just rolled off the showroom. I still have little bugs and things on my car after a wash but it gets dirt off and I can just go back tomorrow. I gotta work the inside. Not a big deal.
2	I just wanted to get the bird poo washed off my car before it started eating into my Everest green metallic paint. The $3 one at the Chevron by my house will remove bird poo, so for $5, it seemed like a reasonable request. After this car wash, the dust was gone, my hood ornament was crooked, and I am pretty sure I left with some new scratches on my trunk. What I also left with was bird poo still stuck to my paint. Apparently it wasn't such a reasonable request after all.
4	This place is great for a drive through car wash.   About once a month, I take my car here for the Obsessively Clean wash. It's $10, you get a car freshener, and it's almost as good as any full service car wash in the valley that I've taken my car to. Clean Freak also features two cheaper prices (a $5 and $8 wash). All three include a cheap shammy to wipe down the inside of your car with. One of the big kickers that I enjoy is their free vacuums. Most gas stations and convenience stores charge you about a dollar to use their's, so this already makes Clean Freak's price a better deal than some of the gas stations down the street. Sure, I could do a better job for cheaper at a self-wash. But when I'm lazy and don't feel like getting out of car while it's being washed on a hot day, this about as good as it gets.
5	I LOVE Clean Freak Car Wash!So nice that it's conveniently located to where I live. But it makes it even more convenient that I have a monthly unlimited pass to go there anytime I want - -heck, I could even go there every single day of the month!Bird poop? No problem... I just drive it on down to Clean Freak for the 4-minute wash. DIY with the vacuums. I kinda like that! Cause if I suck up an earring or some change, it's MY fault! Plus I know that nobody else is maybe stealing any change or anything. The staff here is always professional and very friendly!
4	3 min, car's clean! Free vacuums. Get an unlimited pass, worth it!
5	Ok, so, I found a good deal at Clean Freak that gets me unlimited washes for the price of a regular wash at the car wash. This place is great, plus, id rather do the detail work myself because it never seems to be done right when someone else does it. Unlimited vacuum cleaners. Staff is always nice. If your car rolls ahead of the wash a lot, as to be put IN BETWEEN ROLLERS. This helps, especially with Hondas.
4	Great do it yourself place.  They have a rain check for I think 3 days.  Down side - it would be nice to have someone that dried your car off other than you, but then again it is do it yourself.The vacuums are set up perfect.  Located up above so they move around in the car better than those that are level.Good hours.Good selection of car freshnersCleaning supplies available for purchaseTakes Credit
5	I have to say that because of the price (less than $30 per month for full car wash with wax, special tire cleaning, air freshener, towel wipe and free vacuum), my husband and I are hooked. Also, each and every guy that works there are the friendliest and most professional I have ever seen. Keep up the good work you guys. You're the best.
4	Great place for a cheap, quick and decent drive through wash with free vacuums.
5	This place is the best.  I am tired of going to places that charge a lot and never do as good of a job as I do.  No more, as I'm going here now!!
4	Good specials and it does a nice job.
5	The Clean Freak rules! So much so that my husband gave me a gift card to the Clean Freak for Christmas and I was really excited! We get the "Freaky Clean" level self-service car wash and you can't beat it. It's nice, clean, new and nobody is pestering you to upgrade or "get that crack in your windshield replaced" while you drive through. It's easy. It's fast. You get a free amoral wipe for the inside of your car. The vacuums have great suckers. No pesky sales guys. What more do you want from a car wash? I love you Clean Freak.
5	I drive by this car wash almost everyday to and from work and thought, "Hey, I should go check that cool looking place out."  I am glad that I did and at $14 a month I get to wash my car as often as I want and use the free vacuums.  The staff is helpful and friendly, the property well managed and the vacuums actually have great suction.  Bring your own SHAM WOW to wipe down the water that the dryer doesn't get and you are set!
5	I have been going to them since they opened and I have to agree with everyone on here - Very affordable ($5 for the cheapest wash)Free towel to clean your car (this is what sold me)Free vacuumsI also want to mention their GREAT customer service.  I had a problem with a gift card and within seconds, they offered a solution - no hassles at all!  Now I am a forever customer. I love not having to get out of the car and wait, I can zip through and have a clean car in minutes - inside and out.
5	When I first saw this place being built I couldn't wait for them to be open. Their prices are right, their staff has always been friendly, and I do mean always. Their vacuums are really strong and easy to use.
5	This is a great business. I've always had good service and its really affordable.Three tiers:$5 - Basic wash$8 - A little bit better$10 - Full clean with tires, spotless, and waxPlus, unlimited vacuum usage. Sweet.
4	Signed up for the Living Social deal, which was pretty sweet since I was going to try this place out anyway. The Freaky Clean wash got my car pretty clean (but not spotless), as is expected of any automated car wash. I got a huge kick out of the unlimited vacuums; my car hasn't been vacuumed in years, and I don't trust car wash ppl to do a decent job, so I spent 20 mins vacuuming to my OCD little heart's content!This is a great place to get your car washed if you're willing to put in a little elbow grease. The whole system is so streamlined, I'm starting to see how people can be hooked into getting the monthly membership. Which is strange for a place like Phoenix, where it doesn't rain/storm/snow/get muddy much...I really could've used a place like this on the East Coast.
5	I have to park my car under trees, so naturally, my car is covered in bird poop,  to the point where you might think I'm trying to be camoflaged, and you can't see the color of my car after a week.Went here for the first time today. They laughed when they saw all the poop, and directed me to a "bug cleaning" station, where you can scrub your car down a bit before going through the washer. Super nice cashier and helpers, they gave me a customer card (9th wash is free, and free wash on your bday). I will likely be getting a lot of free washes. Paid for the $5 wash, very clean facility, the helper guy was nice enough to run over my car with a soap wash before I went into the machine to get off the extra poop I had missed. Machine worked great, fairly quiet for those type of auto washers. There are free vacuums on the side, I didn't use them, no time.Awesome service, cheaper and works better than the car wash at the gas station next door.
5	5 Dollar Coolness to the MAX!!  Great stay in car role-thru wash....not much spotting, Perfect solution for a regular wash that will not hurt the wallet!!
5	I have been to  this car wash about 10 times now. Great every time. They have several different prices to choose from. However, i always choose the $5.00 wash. It is by far the best deal in town. you pull in and pay your $$ cash or credit.  They give you a blue cloth that you throw away when through to wipe out all the inside of your car while you drive through the car wash. I don't know what is on it but,it cleans wonderfully......then you go through the car wash . It is nice and cool in there. They do a fantastic job!!  Plus free vacuum if you have time to stop and do that. For a quick wash that is excellent this place is my favorite by far.
5	Been driving past for a year and never visited.  GLAD that I finally did.Pro's: Sounds silly, but the drying mechanism is really good.  A lot of the bargain auto cleans don't have good dryers and they leave spots or streaks.  And I have a pickup, so they are hard to dry.  This was what I noticed and appreciated first after my initial visit.  I actually noticed a vehicle leaving that was completely dry and uber clean, so that's why I drove in the first time.The effectiveness of the clean is high 95% all there.  Unless you have someone drying the car for you or hand washing, it's not a sure thing to get it all.  This particular wash rack does a really good job.  And hey, for $5 if you don't like it, go through again... still cheaper than other places.  But I bought the membership.  Splurge buy.  But what got me was the caliber of wash,  the customer service (spoke with the owner for a while.. really have to commend him and his team for this venture... ) is/has been really decent.  No pressure sales (like I've had at other places and read from the reviews so far on this business).Free vacuums, courtesy towel to clean the inside dash and perhaps catch a couple of errant drips (not really many, but just sayin), free scents if you buy a membership (hey I buy air freshener once a month for my car, so this saves me a buck or so...).  I was getting tire dressing for the $5 wash (not sure if that was supposed to happen, but it really was nice and makes the tires look great).Con's: Not really near my house, but I pass by once a week.  So I will come out even on the Membership deal (but I wanted to support a local entrepreneur so that's another part of my motivation), but if they had one in Tempe, that'd be sweet.Good job Clean Freak Car Wash!
3	Been a FastPass Member at the 15th Ave and Camelback location for 3+ months but am cancelling due to constant rate increase.I purchased an unlimited monthly membership over three months ago for only $10/mo. The price was too good to pass up. But since then, the price has continued to increase. A little over a month of having my membership, they posted a notice that the monthly cost is increasing to $12/mo. Despite my frustration with sudden increase, I could still rationalize the price. A notice is now posted that as of October 1st, the price will increase to $15/mo. Where is the limit?Although $15/mo for unlimited car washes is still a decent deal, I have to wash my car at least three times to just break even. Plus, I disagree with the business structure completely. Good companies should always reward loyal customers with incentive to stay. Locking in the original price should be the benefit to me keeping my membership and the biggest reason to sign up at the time of the promotion. I'm now going to cancel and will likely rejoin once they run another special deal... which I'm certain they will. I will still give them a 3-star because the service is very nice and the quality suits the price.
4	I'll start by saying I'm a Realtor, so my car needs to be clean. Needless to say I have recently become very particular about where I take my car to get clean. This Clean Freak is pretty good. I pay for the unlimited washes per month. $17 is all it costs me and I'm at this place at least twice a week. This place always gets my car clean, as you would expect it would, but the staff is always courteous and there is never a line for the fast pass which makes this car wash more unique. One thing that I would mention is that it is very hard to find a vacuum most times when I am there and they do not have the high pressure air and bug removal station like the Clean Freak on Camelback. Heads up Clean Freak, some of the people at the vacuums didn't get their car washed! If it wasn't so easy for the guy pulling off the street, not getting his car cleaned but just looking for free vacuums, people paying would be more able to use the vacuums. Other than that this place is great.
3	Let's say a massive dust storm (or "haboob" if we're being trendy) hit your car.  Now it's a moving pile of mud, and you have 10 minutes to get it washed and pick the in-laws up at the airport.  Clean Freak will do the trick - you car will mostly not be covered in dirt.  For $5 and in just a few minutes, that's a really good deal.  HOWEVER, if you really want it to look great, you'll have to pull over, wipe all the water spots down, get the difficult areas (hood scoops, side mirrors, etc).  Then you'll have to vacuum the inside of it yourself.  Then you'll have to wipe down the inside dash yourself.  Then do the wheels, then the inside windows.  Then you're done.So, it's great for a big automatic car wash.  It's not detail work.  If you need that, go to a full service place.
5	Tracy is a wonderful employee. Great deals for the holidays.
5	Have been a subscriber for a year. Terrific car wash. I get the $7 wash, which comes with some kind of wax. Cool thing is after a year of going every week, my black car has a deep, amazing glossy shine - looks fantastic!
5	This is a great place to go for a quick $5 car wash.  I always pull around to their free vacuums and take a couple of minutes to do a quick vacuum and then chamois off my car and it looks great.  They could not be more friendly!  It sounds silly to say about a drive through car wash but, these guys wrote the book on customer service.
4	this concept is unbeatable. $25 bucks a month for virtually unlimited (it's actually once a day max) carwashes. if you like having your car visually clean all the time, this is your place.
5	Best car wash please in AZ! I went yesterday and get the $20 unlimited for each month and it's well worth it with all the things you get for 30 days! Do the math you normally pay $5 each weekend times 4 = $20 with with their unlimited you can go every day or Friday, Saturday and Sunday always looking clean and smelling good!My package:Scented SoapsSoft Foam ScrubsSpot Free RinseRim & Tire ScrubClear Coat ProtectionTriple Foam PolishUndercarriage Power WashTurtle Ice Wax/ Paint ProtectantRime & Tire CleanerChoice of Air FreshnerTire Shine
5	This location is fantastic! Customer service is amazing!!!!
3	This place is still a great deal, but have since had to stop using their services.  Their cleaning machines are just too brutal for my older car -- ended up scraping off my 27 year old decals!If you are driving a newer car with a perfect exterior, it's a great deal.  If you're driving something that needs TLC, this is not the place for you -- this place will give your car the beat-down!
5	I have come here now about 8 times. So i am able to give them a really fair review.I have to really say i like every thing about it. It is a really good price, $5.00 for the basic. you can also get the packages that give you unlimited car washes. Which you cannot beat!  You can use cash or credit when you drive up. They are not always trying to upsell you(which drives me crazy).They give a nice clean disposible cloth to you, so you can wipe down the inside of the truck,or car.  If you want to vacum the inside of your ride you even get free vacums to use. I really like this place. It is quick , easy, and cheap.Great location as well.
4	The carwash tunnel is good, not much different than any other automated wash. The best part is the free vacuums and they have a air check/blower to blow all the crumbs out from under your seats.
1	I'm sorry, but a few heavy bursts of air is NOT enough for me. I had read the reviews of this place on here and thought, this place is GREAT! I'm going to have to go there. Even though it's a bit out of my way, I made the 'trek' to Clean Freak Car Wash. Their "Obsessively Clean" package seemed great to me. $22/mo for unlimited full package car washes (usually $10 each), AND you weren't billed until NEXT month (so a whole month free of car washes if you sign up early in the month)! Foolishly, I signed up. I figured I'd be coming back often, based on the glowing reviews. Little did I know that I wouldn't be able to cancel and not be billed (it needs to be seven days before the next billing cycle, and like I said, I stupidly signed up two days before the end of the month). ANYWAY, that's not what I don't like about this place. It's their right to have whatever cancellation policy they wish, and I was an idiot for not thinking ahead. First off-- as I went through the wash, their rollers knocked my mirrors in, which I felt shouldn't happen, and the WORST part-- at the end... NOTHING! Basically you drive through the thing, and there's NO one to even DRY your car when it's all done. I'm not looking for a wax and a buff, but come on. It left water spots ALL over my car, and I had to go get it washed somewhere else. I went to Wash Wizard, which is MUCH closer to me and I got pretty much a full service wash for only $7, and there was no abrasive scrubbing. Much better value in my personal opinion.
4	Clean Freak is the only place I pretty much trust to get my car washed.  It's great service and convenient for drivers who are on the go and like keeping their car clean.  They currently have a half-off special for all their packages.  So, I signed up for the $10 unlimited car wash package.  Supposedly the deal is only good for six months, but with the summer months peaking their way up, it's worth getting it.  Hence, haboobs!  And also their cancellation policy is now quicker and easier. But you have to allow SEVEN WORKING DAYS for it to go into effect.
3	I came here once when I was having my car moved out to Texas.  Needless to say, my car was ridiculously covered with dirt and grime that hadn't been washed for about a year.  And hey, don't judge, I barely drove the thing and I really wasn't visibly obviously dirty.  Anyways, I was pleasantly surprised with what 5 bucks got you.  Sure, there were still a few spots here and there and the drying isn't phenomenal, but you can't beat the job it does in about 5 minutes.  Plus free vacuum?  I'd definitely come back and even sign up for the unlimited month if I was still in town!
5	This car wash facility is THE BEST, without doubt.  Even when they are super busy, I have been able to bypass the line, because I have a "unlimited pass" - which is ALSO fabulous.  You stay in your car while you ride through the tunnel, which I find to be relaxing!  They use soft water, brushless cleaning and when you come out on the other end, you ready to go - IF you're in a hurry Otherwise, you can turn the corner to all of the FREE vacuum hoses AND air sprays.  I keep some microfiber towels in my trunk, turn the corner, and spend about 5 minutes going over the car and drying any spots that were left after drying.  CLEAN FREAK is absolutely immaculate!  I go several times a week, and keep my car sparkling clean.  I have never been there that I was not impressed with the quality of all the service people.  Always a smile, clean and neat...It really is the best of the best.  "My" Clean Freak is the one at 44th Street, but I know they have multiple locations around the valley.  Treat yourself and try it out.  I used to do all of our cars at home, by myself.  I will never go back to that again, because this is even better!Try it...you'll love it!
4	I've been to Clean Freak 3 times in the last week.  Got all 3 of our vehicles washed.  First wash I got the $12 wash for the SUV.  I ended up getting a free $5 wash.  So when you think about it....that's 2 washes for $12 (1 premium wash and 1 basic...not too shabby if you ask me).  I took J's car to get washed with the free wash Tuesday and then took my 16 year old truck for a $5 wash last night.  The old boy looked great after wards!  I have to admit, I like this wash better than the one around the corner, though they towel dry your vehicle.  I'd rather come to Clean Freak just for the pure fact that for the same price, you can get to vacuum out your vehicle, can air blast off excess water (which there will after going through the dryers), and you get a detail towel to wipe down your dash.  Bring a towel with you to dry off your vehicle when you're in the vacuum area.  Seriously considering getting the monthly pass, because I cant help but hold my head up a little higher driving a nice clean vehicle!  :)
5	I have OCD, and this is the best carwash ever!!! Get the unlimited washes!! It's so worth it. Free vacuums, and towels!! Love them so much!!
5	I went to this car wash last week and being a first time customer I was very pleased with the service they provided. I was visiting out of town and needed a quick car wash. The customer service representative Mary walked me through the process and made me feel very comfortable.I will in the near future come back and get my car washed and hopefully Mary will be there to assist me.Thank you Mary.
5	I have driven by this car wash multiple times and for the first time this weekend I stopped in for a car wash. The attendants were very friendly and helpful. I also found it very nice that they have FREE vacuums for you to use immediately after your car wash. SUPER COOL. Keep up the good work!I would definitely recommend this car wash and already have to a couple of friends that live in the area.Thanks,Kristen
5	My favorite car wash place in Phoenix!
3	I don't get what the big deal is.  It's just an automated car wash that doesn't really do a good job, and you still have the whole interior to worry about.  There are no sprays to clean the interior of your car unless you want cheap ones from a vending machine.  I wouldn't go here if it's been a while since your last wash. I paid more to get tires cleaned but there's still dirt and mud everywhere.  It's passable if you just want a quick exterior rinse.  The driers don't do a good job and you'll get water stains if you don't have towels to wipe up afterward. I will say it rained the day after my wash, and I got a free wash without hassle.
4	$22 a month for unlimited washes, vacuum use and air fresheners just can't be beat. And if you smile back at the friendly staff, they usually throw in an extra air freshener.
4	My favorite quick car wash spot.   Good prices for the car wash.  Be sure to ask for the free cleaning cloth when you pay and you can multi-task and clean the inside of the car as your car glides through the magic car wash.   Free vacuums around the side of the building to finish off the job.  Voila!  15 minutes of your life and a clean car for about $5-10.  Can't go wrong with that!  Only complaint - it can get pretty busy so there can be a wait occasionally.  One time I went, the car behind me bumped me while going through the wash.  I told an employee my concerns, and he gave me 50% off my next wash.  Wasn't too happy about it, but there weren't any scratches either and I've been here dozens of other times with no issues.  Watch the distance between you and the car ahead or behind you though.
4	I spilled a coke on the passenger seat of my car last week and stained it. I was very upset because I love my car and the seat looked awful. Someone told me to take it to clean freak  Car Wash. They shampooed all my seats and carpets, they did a great job. Next time I will have them Hand Wax the outside of the car because it's starting to look dull. They did a test spot for me and showed me how good it will look. All the employees treated me very well.
4	I've been a monthly unlimited user for a few months now. In that span I'm guessing I've probably received about 20-25 washes. Way more than the average person should get, but just the right amount for us 'Clean Freaks'. I consistently frequent the 44th St and McDowell location, as it is close to home, and the service professionals at this location are wonderful.A basic wash will run you a measly $5, or you could upgrade to the unlimited starting at $16 month. This makes total sense to upgrade if you're getting your car washed every weekend, or more. Plus, you get to fly through the Fast Pass lane and point and laugh at all the schmucks waiting in line. Keep some shammys in your trunk to dry off your car in one of the many covered parking spots. Complimentary vacuums are provided at each parking spot as well. Clutch!Tip: Don't be the person to blare your music while vacuuming out your car. No one wants to hear your poor taste in music.
5	Clean Freak is the only car wash I use! The staff is always very cheerful and never puts pressure on you to upgrade your wash option. It's always so easy! You drive up and give them your money and then a nice guy directs you to get set up in the car wash tunnel with his awesome charades and gestures of moving up and putting your car in neutral. I might be a weird woman for loving washing my car and cleaning it out, but I do! I live that they have pressurized air guns to dry the crevices of my cars exterior and blast all the dirtiness out of the interior. This really makes a difference because you can vacuum out so much more that you wouldn't ordinarily be able to reach with just a vacuum. I like to hit up the dollar store for some interior wipes and for a total of $6 I leave with a clean ass car and a sense of satisfaction.
4	This is a very good drive-through car wash.  It's not full service, you ride in your car through the automated tunnel and then do the interior yourself.The machine does a very good job on cars, but only an OK job on larger vehicles with large tires.  The tire shine doesn't cover the 35" tires on my Jeep or on the pickup I had before it.  But it does a great job on our Z4 and other normal-sized vehicles.The monthly pass is a good deal if you're near this area often.TIP:  On Mondays after rainy/dirty weekends, the place is packed and takes a long time.
5	I experienced EXCEPTIONAL customer service at the 90th & Via Linda (just opened) location.   This is a full service facility - offering hand waxing and detailing lanes.   Just as my car was exiting the tunnel wash, the blow dryers malfunctioned leaving the car dripping.   An attendant apologized for the inconvenience and directed me over to the service area where a team of detail specialists towel dried the car - complete with hand held air pressure sprayers.   Most other car washes might have offered me a pass to return when the equipment was fully functional, but Clean Freak crews took care of the issue promptly and courteously.   I think this is a great example of "above and beyond" service.
1	Lots of hype, paid for the $12.00 wash and it came out dirty. This was not what I wanted or paid for. The entire front of the car is still filthy from sitting at the airport. I thought maybe by paying for the top of the line car wash, I'd actually get a clean car. Since I didn't leave the car until we got to the house, I didn't see the dirt. Buyer beware. Check the car before leaving the property.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star! My rims are now scraped on my new Mercedes . Either the guy telling me witch way to turn my wheel screwed up or the car wash scraped them. They weren't scraped before ! So pissed ! Also dryers suck.Don't waste your money .
5	Don't pay for one wash when you can get the monthly pass for almost the same price duh.The skinny I see a lot of complaints about the car not being clean enough and what not my suggestion is to get the monthly pass which is equal to the high end was about 12-20$ monthly depending on what time of month it is they prorate the first month and you can wash your vehicle as many times as you please and be able to use the vacuum and air hoses. If I see my car not as clean as I like, I just go through it again I wash my car at least 3 times a week if not more. But then again I care about my car (Peter the Prius) he's white so I like him clean. The staff is always great and friendly I miss the hawaiin lady who worked at the 44th st location she moved to a new place and her husband (7th ave location) is also great I tend to go to both spots. They alone make this place a 5 star place always nice and helpful (they will spray hard to remove spots and other things just ask) they provide a cleaning towel with a 8$ wash or package which helps but I have my own and with the most expensive package they provide a fragrance card (wild cherry,new car smell) The bad On weekends and after rainy days you will see lines for days but plan ahead, I do. Also a few times I have been either stuck or nothing was working or spraying soap and I had to go back to the line which sucks but it happens not too bummed about it as it only happened 3 times. Overall even with the section that's bad this place deserves 5stars I am a happy member and look forward to the new improvements that are coming.
1	This place was fine for my 2003 Ford escape, but i can't trust it with my new Lexus because one time the brush fell off or something.  I heard a loud thunk and they stopped the wash.  I should have gotten out, but it was dripping everywhere and i had other things to do.  Later I realized my paint was cracked in the back, no noticeable dent but my car must've been hit pretty hard.  Beware!
4	This is pretty much a no brainer.  It's Arizona.  It gets very hot and very dry.  Your car is bound to get dirty and you just can't rely on the rain to help you clean it off.The Clean Freak Car Wash is your basic drive through car wash.  Someone will check you in and take your money, then you drive the car through the wash yourself.  I much prefer this to the old fashioned car washes where you had to leave the car and wait around while it goes through the wash cycle.  After you exit the building you pull up to the self serve vacuum cleaners and detail the inside to your own high (or low) standards.A basic car wash at Clean Freak costs $5. A monthly pass, which allows you to wash your car as often as you wish, is only $16.  If I lived here, I would absolutely sign up for the monthly pass.  You can order fancier washes with more buttons and whistles (those are metaphorical buttons and whistles) at a slightly higher price.I may not live in Phoenix, but I DO live in Bakersfield, California, so I know a thing or two about staying cool in spite of a sizzling summer sun.  I drive a dark colored car, so during the summer the interior can be pretty hot when I first get in.  Back home I am on the unlimited wash plan, so during the hot months I leave 5 minutes early and get my car washed on my way to where I am going.  It lowers the interior and exterior temperature of my car quickly, making it much more comfortable to be in.  My air conditioner blows cooler after I have been through the wash, too.  My external temperature display will go down anywhere from 10 to 15 degrees within 5 minutes of leaving the car wash!  Take that sizzling summer heat!
4	It's not the greatest wash it's not the worst wash but having a fast pass I can wash my car every day for an entire month for $20 how can you go wrong and the vacuums are free. It works out to under $1 a day to keep a clean car.
5	I had an amazing experience here. Not only did I get a great wash, I had one of the best customer service experiences with Elijah. I'm typically not loyal to any car wash, but because is Elijah's customer service, I'll be coming back here often.
4	Clean Freak does everything it promises: it cleans your car in three minutes.  The price point is a little high ($5) considering a mile away there is a $3 car wash, but if you ask, they provide blue rags for dusting off the interior.  Further, a friendly employee will take your payment, unlike the automated kiosk at the cheaper place, which requires you to drive up super close, unbuckle your seat belt, and stretch your torso out the window, while grunting, in order to insert your credit card.In general, car washes seem to have either a large brush that rolls up the windshield, or a big hanging wipe that sloshes back and forth.  Clean Freak has the former and it just doesn't quite have enough force to get off the most stubborn bird poop.  You can scrape it off before rolling in, with a provided squeegee, but that slightly defeats the purpose of the automated car wash.
