3	I just got my weekly flyer and they had the new Nikon Coolpix camera from  the Ashton Kutcher commericals for $109. So I thought I'd stop by and spoil myself a little for Christmas and get me a new cool digital camera. When I walked in the door they were right there to assist me so it was gonna be a short trip, I like that. In & out. Well they were OUT of the advertised one but for $99 I got the Nikon Coolpix L18. A little bigger and none of those cool features. Its a good little camera but I was disappointed I didn't get the other one I wanted.
4	After looking all over town for specific items needed for project at work, finally found it of all places were office supplies are!  I thought I could find what I was looking for in the discount centers, but ended up here anyway, after all the time, gas and frustration, should have stopped by here first.  Prices are a bit high but simple note cards, dividers and stuff like that, but at least they had it all! They offer a discount savings card, if you buy a lot, it's worth it, but my few in frequent projects, not sure it would save me much.  We did purchase a bargain here when my hubby and I went looking for a small size camera.  My father had gotten one and after we played with his, knew it was handy size.  Be sure to check adds, and stop in, the staff are very friendly.
4	I wanted to give a shout out to  the staff at the Office Depot on Charleston and Decatur.The are friendly, fast as they can be and they really know their stuff.  Most of my experience at this store has been at the copy center where they have gone out of their way to help me on more than one occasion.  While standing in line I have also been witness to how they have helped all kinds of people with anything from a simple copy to much more complex printing issues.  I have been grateful for the knowledgeable staff on more than one occasion.  They have walked me though some very complex printing issues with patience, kindness, and professionalism that I have really appreciated.  Hands down to management you can tell the employees are comfortable at their place of employ, it shows.
3	Large, clean, and organized store with staff who don't mind showing you exactly where your items are. Needed tiny binder rings for a project and found binders on my own, but the rings were in another section altogether.Staff at front desk seemed to be in a good mood. Have had a business account with this company for years with various jobs, and the pricing here (particularly for bulk orders) is competitive, and was happy to see other items priced lower than at the nearby Michaels (spray adhesive, rubber cement).I don't think I'd ever buy electronics here, but they have them. Wasn't clear whether this location has the full-service printing department that others boast- usually it's a separate counter but didn't see that here.
2	Why do they have assholes answering the phone ? Can't can imagine that bitch in person , such a rude person .
