4	I was lucky enough to head along to one of the "launch" parties of this new bar.I like the layout and the decor, it's a pretty upmarket place but out of the way enough that I hope the riff raff will be kept out. I mostly had several glasses of wine to drink and the house red pretty solid all told. I was impressed. I also tried several shots of cocktails including one with popping candy and one black russian style one. We also had a Charlie Chaplain one in a tea cup which was quite quaint! I didn't spot that many good beers so might stick to wine for the moment when I'm there.Food wise they had herring so they obviously have excellent taste. The burgers looked good and I'll have to come back and have a go at the menu. They seemingly have a speakeasy style club downstairs which is only accessable if you know the password - this might make it slightly awesome..... Or just full of dickheads. I guess I'll have to go find out!
4	Really cool place to come for a drink on a sat night without feeling like the oldest person in the bar! They had a fabulous live band on sat night playing a mix of country (everyone loves a bit of Johnny Cash), rock and indie. Thoroughly enjoyed bopping away, tequila slammer in hand (then mouth). Sampled quite a few cocktails and pre made shots....All in the name of yelp of course. Tasty, fruity, alcoholic. Nuff said. Would def go back to the main bar but the after hours bit below was too small with no dance floor. Pointless really. Nice toilets. Important! Need to try it during the day to see what the food is like.
4	I thought I'd update my review of Angel's Share as I popped in last night for some drinkies and ended up staggering out after having 2 bottles of wine (shared)!! A bottle of wine for a tenner Mon to Thurs - do it! Really good value.And... as i was rather tipsy I decided to go for the steak burger & cheese which was lovely. A warning for anyone like me who doesn't like sauce though  - it was smothered in tomato sauce (or relish they called it). The waiter who came over to check how I was enjoying the food could see I was struggling with the sauce - I just really hate tomato sauce & i don't understand why they wouldn't put this on the side as an option?!? Anyway he insisted on changing it for me which was nice as there wasn't anything technically wrong with the burger. Apparently it says it comes with relish on the menu but I honestly hadn't expected it to come IN the burger already. Small issue though as they fixed it.Home-made fries were hot & salty - yumBurger was home-made, crumbly and cooked to perfectionOnion Rings were surprisingly light with a tempura batterThe brioche roll was a nice touch, kind of looked like a bagel without a hole and the sweetness and softness of the bread worked really well (much better than a ciabatta roll which is very heavy and filling).Would go back for more food!
2	Lots of glitz and glamour yes, it looks nice yes...but the service was abysmal. Be interested to know if others had the same experience but I have to say I wont be rushing back anytime soon.Almost warm prosecco from their 'other fridge' was a not a winner!
5	A delightful place on the edge of New Town.  Easy walking distance to everything in Edinburgh.  Recently renovated and the rooms are ideal.  The bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner.  Perfect.  The rooms were clean and decorated with British Actor themes. Bed was ultra comfy.  Bathroom was brand new and very modern. Internet was crucial and this hotel had it.  Very charming staff that took care of our every need.  I would recommend this place to anyone going to Edinburgh.  It was awesome!
5	I was slighly dubious about this change from the Hudson Wine Bar as I never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was! However i have to give it 10/10 on making the New Angels Share a success! Serve cannot be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless. The set lunch menu was tasty x Cocktail are great, although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers! A fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch. Great location too, Well Done !
3	after a night of way too many drinks, including a brief dance at Harry's Bar, my co-workers and i ended up at the Angels Share bar.  it was a snap decision as we were all in heels and wanted to go to the closest bar that served relatively reasonably priced good drinks.  that said though, i'd been keen to try this place for ages so glad that i did finally get a chance to go!the decor in this bar is very swish.  it's like walking into a proper posh men's club that you'd fine in manhattan.  chandeliers and leather seats, dark lighting, and a massive dark wood bar with loads of spirits on the shelves behind.  there is also a club underneath which we did try to go to, but was incredibly quiet for a friday night.  we were told it was turning into a jazz club at midnight, but considering the lack of people we weren't convinced.that said though, we decided to grab our last drink here and grabbed one of the massive circular booths to sit down.  i finally got a chance to order a cocktail as these were well priced and had a pink gin fizz.  it came in a massive glass with mint garish and a truly lovely pink colour.  it was lovely  to drink and a nice way to end the night.  i feel a bit bad giving this place three stars as i feel like there is a lot of potential here, but i just didn't see it at the end of my friday night.  i will make a point to go back though as this seems like the place to go and grab a pre-dinner drink when you're dressed up to go somewhere nice.
4	So found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good. To be fair I didn't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good.With some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings, calamari and chorizo! All tasty and plentiful.For main I went for the chicken burger, the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings. The burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella. It was good!!A surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on! Great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing.All in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price. The Angels Shares has earned the right to be called JD Recommended.
