5	My family receives excellent care at Red Rock Dental. The staff is friendly, competent, and always up on the latest advances. They are great with kids of all ages. My wife and I are going through Invisalign and have nothing but good things to say about these guys.
5	Just had my first trip over to Red Rock Dental and it was awesome.I know, I know "How can a dentist trip be awesome?"Its easy... the staff is truly top notch.  From the moment you walk in, everyone from Doc McCaffrey to the receptionist are friendly and informative.I've never had such an interactive session with a dentist.  X-rays were explained thoroughly, preventative techniques were not just instructed to be done but rather they were shown WHY its important to utilize those techniques and care was given at every turn to make sure I was comfortable.  I've had a handful of dentists in my life and I've thought they were all very good.  The team at Red Rock Dental however is in a league of their own however.  And not to be understated is that the office runs on time!  An 11:00am appointment means you are seen by the Doc or the hygienist at 11:00am.  I hate when I have an appointment and I still end up sitting around for what seems like an eternity.  Red Rock Dental values your time and makes every effort to run an efficient ship.I'll be back for sure....but lets hope its just for my regularly scheduled cleanup only!
5	We have had only good experiences at this office, and find the staff friendly and knowledgeable.  Dr. McCaffrey is professional and works hard to make each patient feel comfortable at all times.
5	I was searching for a new family dentist who would accept our DentalPlans.com discount card and found Dr. McCaffery through DentalPlans list of enlisted professionals.  The office is less than one mile from mine, so it is VERY convenient.  I was very happy with the service behind the desk, from both Jill and the billings woman, as well as Jean, the hygienist.  The appointment was for my nine year old daughter and she was very comfortable, liked Jean and liked Dr. McCaffery.  Based upon her impressions, I made an appointment for myself for the week after Thanksgiving.  The service (and savings) were tremendous.  I'm glad I read all of the reviews on Yelp, as they definitely factored in to my decision to use Dr. McCaffery's office.
5	Until I moved to Las Vegas I had seen the same dentist my entire life, so I was nervous after a bad experience at another practice. I had nothing to worry about here though, Dr. McCaffrey is excellent; he is very patient in making sure I was comfortable and didn't feel a thing. He has replaced a couple of fillings for me and did a crown, I was very satisfied with everything. The dental hygienist is extremely sweet and does an awesome job. The staff here has always been super friendly and very efficient, I would suggest this practice to anyone!! Excellent!!
5	Simply the best. In all, Dr. McCaffrey is just a really good guy. My wife and I have been a patient of Dr. McCaffrey for almost three years and couldn't ask for a better dentist. The dentist can often be a difficult place to visit. However, my visits to Red Rock Dental have consistently been enjoyable. Dr. McCaffrey is always very generous with his time - explaining exactly what is happening and ultimately, gives his patients options. He speaks to his patients on a level playing field and in all is just a really good guy. In terms of pain management, Dr. McCaffrey is truly gifted, he has a way of sensing when you are uncomfortable and I can truly say: I've never been in pain during any visit; which is truly remarkable in itself. Ms. Gene (the office hygienist)  may also be the most experienced in the city. She's amazing. From top to bottom Red Rock Dental is everything you'd look for in a dentist.
5	Dr. McCaffrey and his staff are amazing!  Everyone is very friendly.  I have had terrible experiences in the past so I am weary when it comes to the dentist, but Dr. McCaffrey has surpassed my expectations.  I chose his office based on online reviews and I am so glad I did.  He explains every procedure and takes the time to make sure you're feeling comfortable.  Keep up the good work guys!
5	Love this office!! Phenomenal dentistry by Dr. McCaffrey, entire staff is friendly! Wouldn't recommend a different office for your dental care!
5	I have been going to Red Rock Dental for several years and plan to continue for many more to come! Dr.McCaffrey and staff are so friendly and always make you feel important when you are there! Dr. McCaffrey always tells you about treatment plans, goes over them thoroughly and asks if you have any questions or concerns! I really enjoy going to Red Rock Dental....they are the BEST!
5	Red Rock Dental is THE BOMB!!!  Always convenient appointment times, and the staff is totally amazing!!  And best of all YOUR SCHEDULED APPOINTMENT IS ON-TIME!Dr. McCaffrey has been my dentist of choice for about 3 years, and I must say, changing dental offices was the best thing for me and my mouth.Ask for Jean, if you like your dental hygienist to really get in there!  I always ask for her, and my mouth is always sparkling at the end of my visit!!
5	I have been going to Red Rock Dental for 11 years so I am obviously a big fan :)  I love all the hygienists, Dr. Mcaffery, the ease of outside parking (something you really come to appreciate being from California:). Red Rock Dental is the best and I highly recommend it for teens and adults.
5	I haven't been to the dentist in years and was nervous to go. As soon as I walked into the office I was greeted by happy staff (which is rare at 7:40am on a Monday!) I then met Jean for my cleaning. She had me laughing and smiling that I forgot I was at the dentist and all my fear went away! Both Jean and Dr. McCaffrey were very knowledgeable and explained everything to me in a way that made sense. They also answered all my questions and took a lot of time with me. I can't tell you how much this meant to me. After the visit I met the the billing specialist (Candace) and she explained everything about my insurance coverage and showed me line by line of what to expect as far as pricing for upcoming services. I would recommend this office to anyone that is looking for a high quality practice with really caring staff. Thank you for calming my nerves and making me confident about my teeth again!
