3	The people here are always very friendly. The place is small so be careful when you walk around. I always feel like I am going to knock something over. They have a nice assortment of baked goods. Some are refrigerated and some are in bins. I like to buy stuff from the bins and mix and match all of the different flavors. Their dog treats contain NO byproducts, preservatives, artificial colors, soy or animal fat. They contain lots of all-natural ingredients.
4	I really wanted to have a Birthday cake for Zoey's 4th Birthday and The Bone Appetit Bakery did not disappoint. With just 24 hour notice I was able to choose a bone shaped cake from one of 2 sizes, I chose the small (see pics) A very tasty Peanut Butter and Honey cake with cream cheese frosting. All natural human grade ingredients, no sugar, salt or additives, Zoey went nuts for it! I also purchased her a cute little party hat to wear for her birthday (see pics) they even sell invitations if you are planning a big doggy bash! ;-) Your dog would just Love it if you brought home a Birthday cake for them, or even some of the house made baked treats they sell here. Go Now!
5	Always a great hostess gift when you know your friends have pets. I know a bottle of wine, brie or fresh flowers would be nice however I do admit to loving dogs more that people. I just showed up at a housewarming party and trust me the bacon and cheese treats in a the cutest doggie treat pot made a perfect gift. I love this store, we get the good stuff for our dogs to. Would recommend to anyone needing a fun treat or gift for the dog lovers you know.
5	Helen (the owner) knows a lot about the food she sells.  Sometimes I'm in there too long talking about the variety and options, because my guys are picky and so am I.  She knows about the companies that make them, etc.  They also have great supplements, homeopathics, etc.  She also gives recommendations on good local vets that other customers like.  And they have great prices.   I also buy those little bulk cookies from the bins (some are wheat free and that's what I want).  Now for the admission on my part, I am on a healthy no sugar, wheat free diet (just like my babies) so I indulge in these little cookies myself.  My guys have to fight me for them.  Seriously.  They are yummy to all of our tummies!  I tell myself it's okay because they shouldn't have too much grains.  Ha.
4	I first wandered into this store when I found myself to be the brand new mommy to my baby Shih-Tzu Mia. I'm sort of going through this..erm.."phase"..where I like to buy my puppy just about everything I see, so of course I couldn't resist the temptation to check this place out! The store is small and jam packed with everything you could ever want for your furbaby from homemade treats, to cute clothes and collars, tons of food choices, training tools, bones and just about anything else you could ever want or need! I was slightly afraid I was going to knock everything over though when I was maneuvering through the store.The woman in the store was really nice and knowledgeable and insisted that I bring my puppy in once she gets all of her shots, I'm going to be all over that when the time  comes haha! I ended up leaving with an assortment of puppy treats and once she's full grown I'll be back for a cute collar for her! They were kinda pricey so thats why I'm waiting! Anyways if you're an animal lover defiantly check this place out, it wont disappoint!
5	Great place to get the things you just can't find at the big chain stores.High quality pet food, snacks, toys, cloths, and staff that care.The store is small, but well worth the trip.  You won't be disappointed.I just moved to the area, and after doing a little research online, I found that this place carried not only the high end food I feed my dog, but also the brand of shoes I wanted to protect my dog's feet from the hot ground here in Phoenix.  I looked some more, and they carry, or deal in just about every high end food on the market, and just about anything worth getting for your dog, and they even have a few items for your feline friend too.
5	Have you heard of anesthesia-free dental cleaning for pets?? I hadn't either, which is why you should read this!  I'm ashamed to admit that I've never gotten my dog's teeth cleaned by the vet. She's 11 years old now. BUT, she's only 13 lbs and I've always been afraid of the anesthesia and what might happen. So I've brushed her teeth here and there and with dental treats and dry food have kept her teeth in decent shape. I need to back up a bit.....We've been going to The Bone Appetit Bakery for years to get food, treats and toys, and every year on her birthday I buy my dog a new charm for her collar from there. They have SO many cool things there that  you'll never leave empty handed. I don't, anyway. Their bakery has yummy stuff too, but my dog isn't a fan. She's more of a Sprinkles Cupcakes kind of girl, has no clue she's a dog. The owners are amazing people, very friendly to humans and even more so to your pets. Their dog Hannah hangs out at the store and has on a different dress every time you see her. Just when I thought I couldn't love this place any more than I already do, I found out they host anesthesia-free teeth cleaning once a month!!! So I made an appointment for my dog for 10AM this morning. A whole crew from Holistic Services comes there and sets up shop and a vet is on hand to examine your pet and evaluate their dental heath. If they find that your pet needs further care like surgery, tooth removal etc. they provide you with a report that you can take to your vet. I was nervous but was assured by the owners and other pet parents there that my dog will come out happier than ever. They swaddle your pet in towels and gently but effectively clean their teeth. Sure enough, my baby came out 30 minutes later trauma-free and has pearly-white teeth again. She just needs an oral spray once a day to treat the mild gingivitis that was starting to form. And guess what? They sell the spray there as well! Today's visit cost me $150.00 and was worth every dime. They do teeth cleaning for cats too by the way, but only one technician is good with cats so you have to make sure he's working when you make your appointment. To top it off, while I was waiting for my dog, I bought a paw-shaped car magnet (my first ever) that says "You had me at woof". I mean really.....you HAVE to check this place out!!
1	I will never go here again. So disappointed when I went in its a cute store don't get me wrong I would buy so much there for my dog. But the day I went I went to get a treat for my dog for his birthday. The lady was on her phone the whole time talking personal business while my mother and I stood they're waiting for her to get off or put the person on hold. All we wanted to do was to ask her to get that dog cookie for us. So after 10 minutes of waiting we decided to leave and while walking out the door the lady shouted thanks for coming. That pissed me off cause she put down the phone to say bye but not to get an actual freaking sale. I'll continue going to to petsmart. Tried to support a local business but I guess when you own your own place you can have poor customer service
5	My dog, my family and I all love this bakery. It has cool products (all high quality) for dogs and cats and the owners are nice people. I highly recommend the shop if you have a dog or cat and want to pamper them!
1	I literally just walked out of this store and was so disappointed. My husband and I just spent 15-20 minutes looking for fun things to buy our dog as its her birthday (yes, we are those kinds of parents). The old man at the register said not a single word to either of us. We were not greeted or even asked of we needed help with anything. He didn't even look up from his computer. We would have made several purchases but decided not to give this establishment any of our money. We will not ever return.
