4	Oh my, I get inordinately excited whenever the German Christmas Market comes to Edinburgh. I mean, there isn't much more to say apart from MULLED WINE. Amazing delicious spectacular expensive but festive mulled wine. I mean, that's not it, of course, but that's the reason I go to the market. And for the German version of mac & cheese. I have no idea what it's called. But I like to eat it. It's salty and cheesy and absolutely delicious. They have other things at the market, like overpriced gifts, and beer that's way too cold for the winter, but it's the atmosphere that's really great about it. I mean, everyone sort of huddled close together because it feels like your nose might drop off into the cold winter night, grasping your mug of mulled wine for the sake of not getting frost bite... That's what I like about winter!
4	I guess it just wouldn't be Christmas without a trip down to the market on princess street. Yes you could probably save a small fortune by popping along to Lidl and stocking up on your German sweet treats but standing out in the freezing Edinburgh night, smelling the food cooking away and supping on a hot beer is all part of the experience. Wrap up warm and take it all in.
4	Yaaaay the German Christmas market is here!!!I love this time of year!. It was soo busy, but we did go on Saturday! ....I loved drinking mulled wine in the little wooden hut that they had &  looking at all the arts and crafts. It has a really nice atmosphere and Edinburgh at christmas is my most favourite time!! Im a total wimp at ice skating too but hey I might get in the spirit and try it again!.... but not after some mulled wine as I would like to keep all my bits on me and in tact.
3	The German Market is great, offering something new to the Edinburgh masses.But it's the masses that present (geddit?) the problem... this place is far too rammed! To the point of 5-minute stand-stills.Kings of Leon at T in the Park wasn't this awkward to negotiate!Don't get me wrong, I love the gorgeous stalls, the social vibe, the plethora of Christmas-themed food, drink and shopping on hand here. And at Christmas time at prices you're willing to overlook.But this is a very badly organised event year after year, and stewards should be introduced to keep the throngs from impeding, stampeding and any other kind of peding all over the place. Buggies should be folded up, pathways should be introduced and general monitoring staff should be in rotation as I'm sure this place would be a pick-pocket's dream.Delightful, yes, but be careful.
4	This yelp is getting addictive, and it is not good that I discovered it just a week before my exams. Yes, I have been here in a cold evening and have mixed feelings. There is a huge of variety and novelties (mostly food and delicacies)  to buy, but the price tags keeps your fingers from reaching the wallet. I have bought mulled wine which was delicious (but it ended up quickly!) and after roaming the stalls, i felt guilty of not buying something so I went to buy from a bread and sausage stall (sorry did not get the name of the stall, if there was one!)I bought a pretzel, Chile salami and a loaf and I was delighted with them. The salami (7.30pounds) was excellent in taste. However, the salesman worked the bill mentally and he did a mistake - the price I paid was 1GBP more. Not the end of the world and I am sure it was an honest mistake, but hello technological Germany land of Grundig and BMW, can you use a calculator. Moreover, I am not sure if it is 'OKAY" but no receipt was given.  Yelpers, would be nice to read what you specifically bought and if it was 1) good 2) worth-it.   The pastries, the cheese, the cakes.... what should I buy next time? Can't try them all since they are overpriced, but it's Xmas and want to try something else. Hope you share :-)  Now I'll just go and study!
3	Gluwein! Bratwurst! Free ginger biscuits! Potatoes! (That aren't veggie-friendly I might add. It's a German market. They fry them all in bacon).So many delicious, warming, delicious things. I love it. I love my first mug of Gluwein of the season. I love my tenth Gluwein mug of the season. I love the German Market.Sadly, so do a lot of other people. It's busy every year, but it feels like this year is particularly bad. I was there on the first Saturday of the Market, and it was so rammed we got to a gridlock of people where no one could move. Echoing Joe A on this, if they brought in stewards or stopped buggies going through it might help a bit. It's also quite a small space so maybe think at expanding it further back into more of the square between the two Galleries? There's a lot of unused space and I don't know why they don't utelise it.I do love the Market. And I go there with the knowledge that it'll be rammed, and I won't be able to move, and half my Gluwein might get spilled all ove rme with the jostling. So if you go with that knoweldge you won't be upset. But it does still make it a little uncomfortable and lose something of the Christmas Spirit and merriment in the masses.
3	I like the German Market. Ok, so it's not exactly mega gluten free, but for traditional Christmas decorations, mulled wine and sweets, its worth a visit.It is mega popular though and it's potentially why it is only worth a three star review. Lots of food options, lots of drinks options too, but its always heaving and sometimes the crush and the thought of wearing your snack and drink, is enough to drive me to the comfort and safety of a lovely pub. It's also not cheap. If you have kids, friends of mine nickname it 'the money pit' as the rides are short, but expensive and adding in drinks, mulled wine cup deposits and the crowds, it can feel a bit like you've been shortchanged. Although I've yet to work out when this is, the best time to visit would be a non-weekend, quieter time where you can actually get near the stalls to pick up some cutesy, unusual Christmas decorations and some lovely whirling tea-light holders or get tasters of products before deciding to buy.So, if anyone can work out the magic hour of the German Christmas Market, then let me know - just don't tell anyone else, so I can enjoy it without the crush...
4	I'd like to say 'it does what it says on the tin', but given I've never been to a Christmas Market in Germany I don't really know!Good place to indulge in a couple of mulled beverages of an afternoon. Best to try avoid the peak times as it can get pretty rammed.Personally I'm not a big fan of the gift type stalls, but there's plenty of different food and drink to try out so that keeps me occupied. There's plenty more around the corner at the 'Highland Market' too.
3	Only 3 stars from me I'm afraid... Too busy by far, people trying to queue for food and drinks as others having to queue to try and get past the queue if queuing people! By the time we started to move we resembled a line of army ants afraid to disband to look at stalls incase we got reprimanded for leaving formation or just simply lost! I have been looking forward to the German Market for a few weeks now and feel completely let down. May try again next wkend at a different time :/
3	Is it me, or does this market get busier every year?It gets so busy that coming here after work or on a weekend is pretty much unbearable if you like to be able to move anywhere or buy anything.  Despite my moaning, I come here as often as I can during the Christmas period because I just can't get enough of the German sausages, mulled mead (which is next door on the "Scottish" side of the market), and those amazing chocolate hazelnut marzipan bars...yummm.  The other stands I could pretty much give or take because they're the same every year and are ridiculously over priced.  So, German Market - visit it to drink tasty but painfully expensive booze and justify it to yourself by saying "it's the holidays!" but don't expect to do much actual Christmas shopping here, and absolutely don't come on the weekends.
3	Fantastic - warning! Poncy word approaching - ambience, even in the typical winter torrential rain. The Paulaner at the top stall is amazingly fresh, and recommended.Of course... it's gone now. Come back next year.
4	Visited Edinburgh's Christmas market on New Years Day and was pleasantly surprised. Based on prior reviews, I was expected huts selling only items made in China or other touristy trinkets like "I 'heart' Scotland" t-shirts.Sure there were a few huts where I questioned the authenticity of items for sale but I'd say the majority of the huts were homegrown or homemade products. Overall, I'd say the Christmas market "does what it says on the tin."Since we visited the market on an unpleasant weather day, foot traffic was light and we had no issues walking up and down the rows of huts. We consumed a hot toddy at one booth and were none-too-impressed but that's a taste bud problem, not a Christmas market problem.We also planned on going ice skating but due to the torrential downpour, the ice skating rink was completely flooded (not to mention tiny!), so we decided to pass. I did experience great joy in watching so many people with no skating skills try their hand at ice skating. Growing up in Minnesota - a notoriously cold and wintery US state - I had no idea that most of the world's population could not ice skate. I also had no idea that ice skating rinks could be so small.
