5	Best part of my vacation! I'm so surprised no one has written about it before. My husband and i went here for our anniversary on Monday Feb 14th 2011. Best.Time.of.our.life. We did the water circuit which consists of sitting in a steam room, quickly jumping into freezing cold water and then back into something hot, like a jacuzzi. We decided to do this all outside...while it snowed. A jacuzzi, while it snows, overlooking the city is the most amazing view ever. After the jacuzzi we decided to just lounge outside on the deck chairs. AMAZING. We stayed here for 3 hours. And the circuit was only 45 dollars each. Please visit this place, it will totally change your life.
3	5 Star Massage & awesome facilities, but I have two negatives that detract from my rating.First, the positive: the massage was top notch. We came for a couples massage and I think each of us would highly recommend the practitioners. Probably one of the best massages I've ever had.Two negatives:1. The price for a massage was reasonable, but they did not tell us that the "water circuit" was an additional charge of $35 per person until we checked out. (If you just want to attend the spa, and don't have any services it costs $55.) So be sure that you know the full price when you sign up.2. The spa facilities are very cool and the design is modern: There are lots of areas to relax and chill out in between steam room, sauna, and hot tub, etc.  But the locker room is too minimalist. The lockers are small and there aren't adequate  areas to lay your belongings while you change. The real complaint, however, is that there are no products other than shampoo and conditioner. It has been my experience that most spas provide an ample supply of products (razors, shaving cream, deodorant, etc.). So bring your own. And bring your own shoes - the robes are nice, but they don't provide shower shoes. I still recommend the experience. It is a unique and cool facility, but know what you're buying first.
5	Wonderful place, stunning views of the Old Port, outdoor spa in the heart of Montreal.
5	Amazeballs times infinity plus two!  A huge fan of Sid Lee, I actually designed a weekend getaway around visiting Bota Bota after seeing pictures of the spa online. Yes, I am a design nerd.  I'm also a spa addict, so had big expectations going in, and I am happy to report that those expectations were actually exceeded.I opted for the deep tissue massage and the 2 hour water circuit which was a nice follow up to what I will classify as the best  deep tissue massage I have had to date (and let's not forget I am a spa addict).The staff was very friendly, the boat itself was breathtaking, an uber modern take on the Scandinavian traditional spa, but on an old refurbished ferry boat from the 1950's.  I'll give you a minute to absorb all of that..............................The ship is littered with super comfy bean bag chairs and matching ottomans as well as traditional pool loungers for soaking up the rays.  Outdoor showers overlooking the Old Port by the lower deck water circuit are also quite stunning and don't even get me started on the green tile steam room and the massive glass sauna - just ridonculous.  And the infinity edge on the upper deck spa overlooking habitat 67 - just genius. YOU MUST GO!A few things to help you before you do:1) Bring your own flip flops.  they are mandatory and not provided nor will someone remind you (or even tell you) to bring them.  They also have them for sale for around $13 should you choose to ignore me.2) Bring your swimsuit - also mandatory, even if you just get a massage, because...3) The Water circuit must be added to any service except salon services ($35 for 2 hours)4) The water circuit alone is about $45 unless you get a service, BUT to make it uber confusing, salon services don't count as a service5) If you want to get a service you must book ahead, if you choose to just do the water circuit you can drop inHappy Sails!
4	Really enjoyed the time being with my husband. The views are amazing from any location, staff is friendly and the food was great too! Water circuits were top notch and they keep the place very clean. The place is packed with a lot of activities to do so even though you're quiet and sitting you still wont be bored as there are a lot of baths and saunas to visit and relax in. I loved my massage by Julie, she is definitely highly recommend! Do visit this spa for a whole day to just unwind and sit back, kick and relax :)
4	I love the idea !The decors and spa is wonderful it's definitely worth every penny!Staff is very professional and know what they are doing, service is quite fast and efficient!Massage was out of this world and after a long day nothing beats a good massage!The only downside of this is the parking.Parking in old port can be tricky. Sometimes you are lucky sometimes you aren't and you have to walk pretty far to get there...Cheers,Eric Van NguyenVisited March 2012
5	Awesome experience! Plan to spend at least 5 hours!!! I was there with a group of 5 and we each had a treatment (best swedish massage I have ever had!) and spent a ton of time in the saunas, steam room, pools, etc.  The cafe was fantastic too. Kind of pricey but very good and so luxuriously convenient.  We could easily have spent the entire day there but our 6 (lame) group member was waiting for us to return to the real world.  I saw some negative comments on the locker room in other reviews and they're right... the locker room isn't plush.  Kind of small and so-so with amenities.  But who cares, it's not what you're there for.  The rest of the facility is world class!!!  The staff is fabulous too.  So friendly and helpful... they went so far as to make a dinner reservation for us on the way out.  I can't wait to go back to Montreal with my boyfriend to enjoy this wonderful spa!
2	I love spas, I try to visit one in every cool, large city I visit. Today I ventured out to the Bota Bota spa floating on the water...there was a special on Tuesdays where you pay for a 60 min massage and get a turn in their water circuit (cold, warm, hot as hell, etc.) for a reduced price. My massage was really good, I had Emily who spoke terrific English. And then I tried a few tubs...meh, I probably would have appreciated a regular swimming pool more, plus there was this asshole screaming down the stairs into the women's locker room for his wife who was using the bathroom. Relaxing, no? Around noon I went to the spa's restaurant and had the worst experience. They were out of half of the items on the menu, no sodas on the menu only wine, tea and water. I waited an hour and a half just for my starter -- a small cup of tomato gazpacho -- not sure why that took so long, it's cold and probably was in a large pot ready for the scooping. No one told a few lunch-goers they had to be served in the special dining area so lots of people holding menus who were literally a yard over on the deck chairs were wondering why no one had took their drink order yet. I ended up leaving after waiting two hours for my club sandwich which I refused to pay for -- and I got an amazing lobster roll, chips and a diet soda to-go at the food stand on the dock in front of the spa for $18CA. So to recap, massage great, skip the lunch.
4	We had a great time here during our vacation to Montreal.  The water circuit was really relaxing and we enjoyed being able to take in the sky line while we sat in the upper decks.  The boat itself was amazing!  The renovation is really well done.  There are only a few minor things keeping me from giving this a five star rating:1.  as a previous reviewer mentioned, there is not enough access to drinking water.  I would recommend bringing a water bottle with you.  Though, the best option would be to have cocktail waiters coming by.  I didn't want to interrupt my time in the baths to go down to the restaurant and wait to be served a drink.  However, if a waiter had come by I would've ordered several drinks.  The hot baths really to make you thirsty and the water fountains are not enough.  2.  There are very few products available in the locker rooms.  I've been to several spas and this is the only one I've seen that only had shampoo, conditioner and body wash.  After all the time in the heat/water, my skin was really dry and I needed some face lotion but there's none to be found.  3.  Both my boyfriend and I found the saunas and steam room to be WAAAAY too hot.  It burned our noses and mouths when we breathed in.  I also had my sunglasses with me, pushed up on my head, and the heat caused them to stretch out and no longer fit (BEWARE).  I understand that saunas are supposed to be really hot, but this was to the point of being unbearable.  That being said, the other baths were great.  We sat for a long time in the big pool on the second deck and cold baths were really refreshing!Really, these things were very minor.  All in all we really enjoyed or time there and we will definitely go back the next time we're in montreal.
4	I recently discovered heaven on water in Montreal.  If you want some real R&R and little bit of nosh then make your way to Bota Bota, spa-sur-l'eau.  Floating comfortably on the St. Lawrence River in the Old Port of Montreal, this world's first spa-on-a-boat creates another world for you to escape.This 25,000 square feet, 1950s steel liner has five decks for you to experience:   - Sundeck - sauna, pool & hot tub with beautiful views   - Bridge Walk - sauna, steam room & hot tub   - Intermediate Bridge - Media room, cool ship windows for lounging & yoga area   - Main Deck - treatment rooms, restaurant & Bota Chic   - Cale - former engine room is now the locker roomI was planning on eating somewhere nearby Old Montreal because I did not have high expectations for spa food.  I was so wrong!  The Restaurant Bota Bota is operated by Auberge sur la Route and is phenomenal.  I guess it should be with Michelin starred chef Eric Gonzalez.  This was the perfect compliment to all of my pampering.  I can not wait to go back to my little piece of heaven on water!
4	Just spent a wonderful afternoon at Bota Bota. Great water circuit and super relaxing with picture perfect views! Can't ask for more. There could be more shower stalls though. Overall a great experience!!
5	My fiance and I went to Bota Bota for the first time last year (we are having our destination wedding in Old Montreal so wanted to check out this unique looking spa since it's within walking distance of our wedding venue).  As we walked towards the dock and approached the boat, we were immediately impressed and excited.  Such a cool and fun idea for a spa!   We did the water circuit which included the awesome sauna (it has a cutout window with stunning views of Old Port) as well as the super cool jacuzzi on the rooftop.  We went at the beginning of April and it was still pretty cold out, so it was pretty awesome to lounge in a hot tub for a bit.  We then moved on to the indoor bar to grab a quick drink and dry off before our massages.  The treatments were fantastic and we both had excellent masseuses.Now this place is not cheap but I think it's definitely worth the splurge.  I guess the only negative would be the locker rooms.  Like some other reviewers have said, the locker rooms aren't anything special (compared to other spas I've been to that have products for use, etc.) BUT I only used this area to change in.  I highly recommend this spa and I will be going back again on our next trip next month (and will get a massage there the day before the wedding).
2	I did not have a great experience here. I'm an avid spa goer and just felt the customer service was lacking and my massage therapist gave me a rub down instead of massaging and focusing on the areas I needed. I also thought they could have mats or something cause the floors are dangerously slippery.
4	Super relaxing experience. My boo and I had been hoofing ourselves into exhaustion so this was a much needed respite of delirium and pampering. We went for the Tuesdays 2 for 60$ deal and had a small meal once on the boat. It was pretty affordable considering your on a SPA BOAT. Tense muscles will be relaxed, your mind will slow to an enjoyable hum, and your eyelids will drop just a little bit. Prepare to be blissed out.
3	I REALLY wanted to love this place. What a cool concept right? A spa on a boat!  I went on a Tuesday (and this may have been my mistake) and unknown to me when I booked, the water circuit is discounted on Tuesday.  I had an amazing massage from Marie.  It was absolutely amazing and if this review was just on the massage, it would be, without a doubt, 5 stars. Where the 3 stars come from is the ambiance afterwards.  The place was absolutely PACKED.  I assume that this was because it was cheap Tuesday and the weather was very warm.  People use this place as a pool instead of a relaxing water circuit (which is what I wanted).  It is supposed to be a place of silence, which was very far from what was actually happening.  I actually left 20 minutes after starting the water circuit.
5	This place is awesome! If you are looking for a unique spa experience in Montreal, this is the place. Sitting on a dock on the river, Bota Bota offers fantastic views of Montreal whether you are in the saunas, hot tubs, or just lounging on the many chairs, bean bags and other assorted accessories. I went with a group of guys during a bachelor party and while none of us got massages, the heat cycle was an amazing break from the rest of the weekend. The groom actually ended up going back for round 2 on Sunday before his flight home. I would definitely go back here again.
4	I wanted to plan a spa day for my boyfriend and I when we were in Montreal. And I wanted a place with water circuits, so Le Scandinave popped into my mind at first. But trying to secure a reservation was tough...You call the number and have to press a variety of options until you get the reservations desk. I waited for 20 minutes with no one coming on the line and just gave up. After searching other water circuit-type of spas, Bota Bota popped up. I loved the concept and saw the short You Tube clip and was hooked. Naturally, I went to Yelp to check out the reviews and was apprehensive at first - some reviews mentioned lots of people, crowded, unfriendly staff/service...but I decided to book ahead anyways. I got the Le Calypso package which is for couples: 1 hour Swedish Massage, Tasting Plate, Wine, and access to circuits. Going to Bota Bota on a warm, sunny day is definitely the best. There are different levels on the boat (always docked) with sun/lounge chairs and is just great for soaking up some rays. When you check-in, you get a robe, towel and an electric key to open your locker. Once you're changed, you go up levels to the water circuits. There is a cold pool, steam room, sauna, and whirlpool. My boyfriend and I did an hour of circuits before our wonderful massageAfter that, we ate out on the deck (spa's own restaurant) and our meal was lovely. The tasting plate (came in our package) was big enough for two people and we didn't need to order any additional food (it was so delicious too!!) Because we love our booze, we ended up ordering more drinks, but sitting out, under the sun, after a relaxing massage with wine in hands...it was one of the best experiences everFYI's!1. The people will tell you to be quiet of you are loud. I appreciated this because this is a spa, not a club2. Change rooms come with hairdryers, shampoo/conditioner and soap. You will need to bring your own lotions, slippers3. There is a water fountain, but its best to bring your own container to fill up4. You can really spend the whole day here. Because we had the package, we ended up staying until 6pm!! (We were there at 11). There are sun chairs peppered through-out the spa and there are cute relaxing nooks inside the spa as well.Overall price, including extra charges came out to be $500 for two. Not the cheapest, but well worth it. It is such a unique experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
5	Visited Montreal and was directed to this spa  from locals as well reviews on line/ yelp. A unique location on the waterfront very close to downtown hotels and old Montreal. It is a boat that has been renovated. I had a manicure and pedicure and was treated by Cindy. It was one of the best spa treatments I've had. While I was enjoying my therapies, I sipped a mimosa. The spa hours are great a nice feature for working people. Wish I was closer to appreciate the services of this spa more frequently... Will definitely be back when we visit Montreal again.
4	What can be more interesting for a guy than three hours filled with quiet relaxation in a spa? Well, I can think of so many things, but it's a long weekend, it's freezing outside, and my wife found this cool SPA in the  unexplored Montreal, so I kind of have to go there.First, this place is on a boat, which insures at least some level of coolness ("I'm on a boat", www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7yfISlGLNU). It gives the place certain charm, but also limits available space. Second, there are two hot tubs located outside. Nothing compares with the opportunity to walk outside in only swimming shorts and dip right into steaming water when it is so cold outside (it was around 10F that day) that short walk from hotel to the spa seems like an eternity. The experience feels complete with light snow falling down your head. On the negative side, these pools could be bigger to allow for actual swimming.In addition, there are various saunas and steam rooms, and quiet places for reading and relaxation. So you can read a book, or write, or take a nap, since being in a hot tub gets boring after a while.I guess the main appeal of this place is in various massages, mani-pedi and other SPA stuff, but I did not go for any of that. This is just not my thing, but the massage area was rather crowded on Thursday afternoon, so I guess it is popular. In summary, cool experience, especially in cold weather even with basic water circuit package.
5	I loved my time here! This spa is unique in that it is actually on a boat turned spa. Nestled in the Old Port in Old Montreal. I've always wanted to try out this place after seeing it on a TV travel special.The spa was all that was promised. A relaxing and fun time. The 4 hours we spent here flew by. I am so glad that we booked the drift package it was definitely worth it. This includes a massage and the water circuit. I think going to Bota Bota during the winter makes it a really fun and unique experience especially paired with the hot tub, steam room, sauna, warming pool, and relaxation area. If you plan on getting any treatments I would recommend making a reservation. The boat offers a great view of the city and of the Old Port. It's fun to be out in the hot pools and looking out over the frozen water to the city scape.I'd recommend this a spot to visit if you get a chance. Great for couples, a group of friends, or if you are just looking to get away and relax.
3	I have mixed feelings about this spa. I was really looking forward to try their massages, which ended up being great, but the overall experience was a little disapointing. We had unfortunately picked a very busy day (Saturday right after Valentines'), which probably explains a very crowded locker room and not too welcoming / very busy staff. Gladly the masseuses did make up for the rest of the team, they were kind and very profesional. We really enjoyed our massages. Every massage must include an access to the spa on Saturdays, so you need to plan that extra cost. I found that requirement to be a little weird as they have plenty of staff for massages. The rest of the week does not oblige that.
4	Full disclosure: I have never been to a spa in my years. I haven't even gotten my nails painted, or make-up professionally done, so this review is brought to you by a spa neophyte that was cashing in a a nuit blanche deal. It is the middle of winter. I haven't seen anything green since November. Every time I go outside I wear three pairs of pants. But at Bota Bota, I wore a bikini and sat in a hot tub as the snow gently covered our great bilingual city. I felt like Gatsby as I stood in the hot tub overlooking the panorama that is Montreal. I felt the grandiosity of it all and I liked it. I needed it. I needed a little break from the ice crystals that form inside my nostrils when I walk to school in the morning. This was my ticket.The water circuit was fantastic. I sauna-ed, cold-dipped, and repeated a good 6 times. And every time I needed to do it again because the feeling of returning to the sauna after a dip so cold that your entire body feels like an ice cream headache is a rare but wonderful treat.TL;DR: Everything about this place is awesome. It smells amazing. It feels amazing. The staff had outfits that I would wear to a cocktail party. I want to live here.
3	Bota Bota is a complicated spa to review, because it really depends on what you're looking for. Some people enjoy a bit of hustle and bustle and a bit more flexibility in the rules, while others, don't. Personally, when I looked up Bota Bota spa, I was really hoping for that quiet, serene Nordic spa experience. Quiet in all the rooms, lots of space to relax between hot baths and cool dips, and a general sense of calm. Unfortunately, that's not what I found at Bota Bota. First, the staff were not very helpful. The front staff seemed to assume we knew where we were going, despite asking us if we were first timers. She gave us vague directions and promised a tour once we found the white desk on the second floor. Once we checked in there, though, the staff seemed to ignore us once they confirmed our massage times. It generally felt like we were being passed off, staff member to staff member, until I finally went up and asked "Can we walk around?" after being ignored for about 10 minutes when they told us to have a seat. Second, Bota Bota was packed. I've been to other spas that require reservations, I think to avoid this exact problem, but there were people everywhere. Even when you're being quiet, having dozens of people opening doors, flip flopping through rooms, splashing in and out of hot tubs... well, it's hard to create any sense of calm with all that background noise. Plus, it meant that there was very little space in the hot tubs, in the relaxation chairs, in the cold tubs... Even trying to sit quietly in the steam room was almost impossible with the door opening every 30 seconds and the room quickly filling up to about 10 people (in a room that definitely was not comfortably meant for that many!) Third, the design of the rooms. I think Bota Bota was going for an open concept kind of feel, with the open winding staircase in the middle, but instead it just creates a giant sound tunnel. Even if the staff were monitoring the level of chattiness, like I said, the pure volume of people just doesn't work when all the relaxation areas are in an open space. They need to somehow partition off the relaxation rooms, to create a quieter, more serene environment. Overall, I could see Bota Bota being a great party environment, and the food was delicious at their restaurant, but we definitely overpaid for the Nordic bathing treatment and I would not recommend this place to anyone for that specific purpose. If you want quiet and relaxing, try the Scandinave Spa across the street. If you want hustle and bustle with some sunshine while you sit in the hot tub or are lucky enough to get one of the lounge chairs outside, then this place might be for you (hence why I'm giving this place a three star review).
1	I gave this place one star for the interesting concept of setting a spa on a tugboat. Other than that it is truly disappointment. Spent $150 for 90 minutes Therapeutic message which in the description states "Ideal for individuals who have specific needs or pain. Targeting a single area, this massage treatment involves deep pressure to alleviate tension. Of course, it can also treat the whole body, from your head right down to your toes, if that is what you need most!"The problem is that there was no deep pressure message, the message therapist just rubbed oil all over me and thats it.I was still uncomfortable in my shoulder and lower back after the 90 minute "therapeutic message." Also the staff was rude and snobby. The skinny tall guy at the front desk who spoke french was rude to English speaking customers.Not very professional!!!
5	My friend and I found this spa on accident while visiting Montreal.  I am so happy we did.  What a treat.  I had the best massage of my life here.  I am not kidding!  My friend had a different massage therapist and she had the exact same experience.  We stayed the entire day and enjoyed the saunas, steam rooms, pools and delicious food.  I hope to return someday, I absolutely recommend it to anyone!
5	Love this place I go whenever I am in Montreal.
4	Great place to get pampered!!!
4	this place it so beautiful! Situated in the heart of the old port its a great place to unwind in and relax. My favourite place on board the ship it the hot tub on the 3rd level facing the old montreal boardwalk.There are 2 saunas, 2 hot tubs, 1 steam room and lots of relaxation areas. The hammock are so comfy but there is only 3 of them :(  The annoying part is the guy who comes around every 5mins to nicely tell you not to talk so if you plan on having a deep conversation or gossip with your buddy think again! I get it though, its a spa and they want peace and quiet. At least in the restaurant you can speak normally. Now for the restaurant... The thing is every time I've been here they keep changing the stupid menu which was good at first because the food was ehhh and over complicated. The best thing i had was the gourmet tuna sandwich which was titled "now a classic"! it came with a salad and was 15$ it was the best tuna sandwich I've ever tasted. sadly the last time i returned they discontinued it. They recently added oysters to the menu which came with a nice mignonette and i had some sort of open face lox sandwich that was just poorly seasoned salad topped on dry bread with room temperate lox. I was not impressed. Although my boyfriend had lamb sandwich which resembled pulled pork, it tasted pretty good, i should have gone with that. I like spa le finlandais much better.
5	I spend half of the day at this amazing spa on a boat right by the water ... I had the Bota Bota massage, AMAZING, RELAXING, staff was extremely friendly and helpful, everything was extremely clean, food at the restaurant was amazing, water circuit was awesome! It wasn't pack so I could enjoy everything in peace. A MUST visit while in Montreal! Prices are reasonable!
4	This is a very tough call. Here are the issues...1. I have NEVER had a better massage and will be back as soon as possible for that. The masseur who provided my massage was amazingly professional and just damn good at giving a massage.2. You pay to access the place and for the massage. If you plan to come here, plan to spend an afternoon where you can lounge a while in the pools and steam rooms before and after your massage. The cost is not cheap by any means.3. The staff here are average when it comes to service. While the masseurs are amazing, everyone else could just as easily be working at Tim Horton's. They do not go out of their way to be helpful.4. The spa amenities are great once you leave the locker rooms. The men's locker room has only two showers, two toilets, and is crowded, offering little in the way of privacy. Bring a water bottle to stay hydrated. They have water fountains where you can refill your bottle for free.5. The boat effect is quite nice. There are lovely views of the city and any cruise ships docked nearby.This is a nice spa. If you come for a massage on a less crowded day (not on the weekend), you may really love it.
5	This was one great spa visit! The price is worth it and although there were areas that got crowded there were plenty that were not. The info at entry and tour were helpful although the tour was just a rundown via fire exit map it sufficed. The amenity spaces were clean and quiet and I would recommend  it to anyone.
4	1) Is it a nice day? 2) Are you in Montreal? Then go to Bota Bota, and get your tired, hungry, and thirsty little body pampered to no end!The indoors/outdoors vibe here is like no other spa I've been to. Highlights: drinking a margarita and eating delicious grilled lamb on the sun deck while waiting for my massage, and soaking in the rays while teetering on the verge of a power nap in one of their oversized beanbags. All good. All relaxing.The treatments I received here were pretty exceptional too, as they should be for the prices they command. Don't expect a bargain, but the value proposition is pretty solid nevertheless. The only reason for minus a star: when checking in for the first time, nobody showed me around. I eventually figured out the lay of the land (the lack of clear signage makes it far from obvious) and hunted down someone to tell me how to use my "water circuit," which turns out to be a self-guided tour of the various tubs scattered amongst the top decks. Also, for reasons out of their control, Bota Bota isn't quite as grand of an experience during Montreal's colder months. A few "could be betters" don't mean you should look elsewhere. This place rocks and, if you're anything like me, you'll leave wondering why the rest of "normal life" can't be just a little more like your time at Bota Bota...
