5	Work conference sent me to the deserts of Arizona, or what my pal Natalie G. likes to call a microwave oven.  We headed over to this very relaxing hotel in the middle of nowhere this week.  I personally had a fantastic time here.  I don't know if it was the whole atmosphere itself but the hotel had a huge rack of decent amenities.  Maybe I'm use to paying city prices of 300+ with not much more than an ice box of a room.  But this room was huge including a kitchen, living room, bedroom and two flat screen tvs.  The pool was open pretty much all day and all night too.  The free happy hour and breakfast was lovely and the whole hotel made me feel very relaxed and comfortable.  Had a great "vacation"!  I mean work trip....
4	Although I couldn't breath outside because of the dry 120 degree heat, I still was able to enjoy sitting under the misters and soak in the pool at Gainey Suites. Tiffany L. and I found out the key to AZ is to live in your bathing suit or a strappy dress at all times. We were raisins daily cause we were in the pool so much. I wouldn't have it any other way.Gainey Suites had all the great outdoor amenities that you could ask for in that kind of hot weather. Not only was the pool area clean and comfortable, but it was open till 11 pm and they served free beer for a couple hours a night. I visited Arizona for a work conference and so all the people were pretty much staying at this hotel. I really enjoyed the small things they did to make us comfortable and at only $79 a night I was shocked!! They had bath and body lotions, shampoo and soaps in the rooms. They had free continental breakfast in the morning and a happy hour at night complete with snacks and wine. The room service was pretty good and the beads were heavenly. If I am ever there again I would stay at Gainey Suites.
4	When I first moved to AZ, I lived at the Gainey Suites for a little over a month.  I became a bit spoiled - who doesn't like fresh towels and having the bed made every day?  :)  While I was expecting a typical sterile "extended stay" type place, I was pleasantly surprised.  My recently remodeled room had a full kitchen, tasteful furniture, very comfy bed and nice flat screen TVs.  The staff, services and amenities were all great.  The pool/spa area was always clean and had a good supply of large fluffy towels.  The gym, while small, had a flat screen TV as well as individual TVs on the cardio equipment (cool!).  To balance out the gym, there was no shortage of food on the property - continental breakfast was served every morning, fresh Paradise Bakery cookies could be found at the front desk, and snacks, beer and wine were offered each evening.  It was nice after a long day at work to enjoy some wine by the outdoor fire pit.  Overall the Gainey Suites helped to make my transition to AZ a good one.
2	NEVER again. This review is as a business traveler.Yes, you can get free breakfast, free dinner with wine/beer. Free internet. It is a junior (kitchen) suite. So why bitching? 1. Paper thin door-you can hear everything.2. A/C hums morning & night ( I was not there during the day) everywhere inside & out side of the room. You cannot sleep.3. Bed- Westin sheet, but simply a  lumpy bed.4. I was fooled by their website.. I thought that the spa was in the facility. no no no.. you have to drive. Front clerk told me " I know nothing about the spa other than you have to drive".. Huh? I never managed to get to the Spa, too tired to get in a car.  And  I flew in six hours early just to get some relaxation before flying out next day.  I should have known when I saw their front door missing "G" out of "Gainey"...BTW, to be fair ( not that I am in the mood),  if your budget is "Comfort Inn"  level, go for it.. I have seen worse.
4	I helped my friend decide on this Hotel when she came to visit from Colorado. She was traveling with 3 kids and needed an affordable place that still had a lot to offer and Gainey did not disappoint. They serve a FREE Breakfast buffet and FREE nightly appetizers and drinks everyday. With her 3 kids this was such a money saver! The breakfast was actually decent, lots of fresh fruit and pastries to choose from along with cereal, oatmeal, toast even eggs, potatoes, pancakes and bacon! Selections varied each day. Juices and coffee were also included. At night they had Free Beer on Tap and Wine along with fresh salads, veggies and dips, chips, pretzels , popcorn and hot appetizers like egg rolls. Not to mention the basket of Paradise Bakery Chocolate Chip Cookies they have at the front desk for your complimentary enjoyment! I'm really happy that this Hotel was so much better than I expected it to be. I ended up staying a couple of nights with them and I was really pleased. We had the 2 bedroom King/King Suite. Accented with Granite and Stone, Even the Kitchen with nice wood floors. There was a total of 3 flat screen TV's and FREE Wi-Fi as well! Also came with Bath Amenities from Bath and Body Works and a couple of cute teddy bears to take home. Everything was really new,clean feeling and comfortable and at only $185 it was such a Steal! The pool was nice and had lots of pretty trees and flowers around it and we basically had the pool to ourselves the whole time we were there!! LOVED THAT! There is small fitness room on site but if you take advantage of their FREE 5mile shuttle service you can go just up the street to the Gainey Village Spa and Fitness Center and use their equipment. Although there is no in house restaurant here you are literally walking distance to the shops and restaurant at Gainey Village. Even though this place is obviously not a 5 star resort I would recommend it to anyone who wanted to have a clean comfortable stay, it has recently been renovated and has so many perks to help you save money! My friend and I will be staying here again next time she visits for sure!
3	Drove over from Tucson. Arrivied at 6 p/m. Leaving at 8 a/m.Suite is very nice and adjacent shopping area made for a nice exploratory walk prior to shower and dinner at The Kitchen, a novel place that allows you to pick your own bottle of wine off of the racks. Only negative ...and it's a BIG one: very unwelcoming front desk experience. Young gentleman was low on hospitable greeting factor and that's a no-brainer. First impressions are IMPORTANT. When we asked where to park, we were given a non-specific and dismissive, "Around the corner." No welcome at all. Short answers to questions. Thought about canceling right then and going back to the Valley Ho, which is awesome. But we were too tired. Room almost made up for it, but training is important and it is just unacceptable to not have a warm greeting with lots of explanations of amenities and clear answers to questions.  My rating indicates actual room and location...NOT the front desk welcome, which would bring it to a "I've experienced better." This needs to be addressed...pronto.
3	I've stayed here twice on business because it's the preferred hotel for the company I work for. It's a typical suites-type hotel. It's not fancy and there isn't much beyond the typical amenities but it has been clean both times and the staff has been helpful. It's next to a strip mall of random stuff (typical Scottsdale, I think) and there are a few restaurants in the area that are ok. I would not choose this place for a personal vacation but for a place to crash on a business trip it's just fine.
4	Stayed here for a few days.....the place is great.  Here's what I liked:+ Complimentary Continental Breakfast.+ Large, spacious suites.+ Full kitchen and they provide utensils and cookware on request at no additional charge.+ Nice access to restaurants within walking distance.+ Pillows are unbelievably soft....I wish I could take them home!+ Bath & Body bathroom amenities are very nice....the bar of soap is larger than most hotels.+ They have on site, self serve laundry machines in case you need it.+ FREE WiFi.As you can see, there's a lot to like about the place.  It's an older property, but well kept.....if you're into the newer designed hotels, this might not be for you.Overall, it was a nice stay.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great hotel for cleanliness and convenience. It's not a destination hotel, of course, but we find it convenient to stay in to visit family and friends nearby. Within walking distance to some restaurants and shops.
5	We stayed one night after spending hours looking over getting the best hotel room to meet our needs without spending outside our budget for a one night midweek getaway with the kids. This hotel was hands down the best of everything in this class of hotel. The stocked kitchen was a bonus. Upon arrival the place appeared well kept, the lobby is beautiful and inviting. As soon as I stepped within site of the desk clerk he lifted his face to make eye contact, smiled and said "welcome". I enjoy that warm feeling that YES, I am spending money to stimulate your business and yes it is recognized. Check in took less then 2 minutes and I was back out the door to park. When I noticed the basket of FREE Paradise Bakery Cookies, I asked "who are the cookies for?" the clerk smiled and replied "why they are for you"Upon opening the door to our room the baby shrieked with joy when she noticed the twin bears on the desk with a note that they were specially for her. After admiring all our room had to offer we quickly got into our suits and headed to the pool, but not before stopping at the front desk to inquire about ice. Again as soon as I entered the lobby the lady behind the desk smiled, made eye contact with me, smiled and asked how she could assist me. She explained I could get ice in the Hearth room soda machine at any time, but she wanted to get it for me from the kitchen. She stopped to play with my one year old and inquired that she had already become fond of the bears. When I told her that one bear was suppose be brothers, she said "please let me know if we can help you with that, we don't want it to be a problem for you, we have plenty of bears". WOW.. okay, I was staying, and sold. The pool was just cool enough and inviting.  Again we were there midweek after school started so it was quiet. The grounds were pretty and we enjoyed the inviting tranquility of all it had to offer. Everyone we came into contact with smiled, weather they were picking up towels, fixing the landscaping, etc. The Hearth Room and Reception. That was more than we expected. Wine, beer, egg roll, rice, salad, pasta salad, juice, coke products, fruits, popcorn, chips and salsa. We were not able to eat dinner until 10:30 PM after that reception. We probably could have skipped dinner.The bed was so darn comfortable we almost slept past the complimentary breakfast time. We woke to the USA at the front door and ran to get what we think was a wonderful "free" breakfast spread, much different from what we are use to. We are talking scrambled eggs, hardboiled eggs, poached eggs, corn-beef hash, potatoes, oatmeal, coffee, juices, many different bread choices, yogurt, fruits, wow we were amazed.  The children were happy, we were happy. The Gainey Hotel and Suits have been bookmarked as our favorite places to stay, I would not hesitate to recommend it as well as we will be staying there again ourselves, as we live local. Oh and I forgot to mention the staff that assisted my husband out in the parking lot in replacing a headlamp in the 108 degree weather. This place is awesome!
5	My husband and I stayed here and loved it!!!!!! The rooms were very clean! We loved the modern look. We get so tired of the "southwest" look and this place didn't have that. A bonus was the complimentary breakfast and reception time. Awesome! To top it all off, the service at the front desk was awesome. The two ladies that were working the front desk were very pleasant and super nice. The pool was a little smaller than it looked in photos, but that's no biggy. Can't wait to go back.
2	I find it very interesting with all of the High Rated Reviews of this location and thinking am I really reading this as if this is the best that Scottsdale, AZ has to offer? I will like to mention, that the only good thing about my visit was that the bed was ok. Other than that, I too agree that the Web Site is very misleading there staff makes me question the actions of Great Customer Services. The Walls are  very thin so you can  hear everyone business at all hours of the day. The Continental Breakfast is fair the evening food selection was cold and left a funny taste in our mouths. Having had done much travel I would consider this a locations undesirable for this Worldly Traveler.....
3	Management read this review and called me promptly. I wish I had remembered back in 2009, to update accordingly. Very professional and accommodating and said the issue would be addressed. He handled me perfectly and would have comped the room, but I told him that was unnecessary. Impressed.
5	Fantastic hotel with a very helpful staff to assist you.  I travel for work and this was the first time I have ever stayed at the Gainey Suites.  Hands down the best hotel in Scottsdale.  First it has free breakfast and happy hour with free beer and wine.  The breakfast and happy hour buffet is not just one or two items, it is multiple items in two different lines.  No need to eat dinner, because you will get your fill at breakfast and happy hour.  The rooms are spacious and give you room to move around.  The amenities for the hotel were absolutely first class.  Good fitness center and free wifi is great.  The staff is outstanding and are there to meet all of your needs.  We will definitely be staying here next time we are in Scottsdale!
5	My 4 friends and I come down every year for baseball.We came here this year to stay after visiting the place last year.Though there were some things that we missed like happy hour cocktails and not just beer and wine, overall the switch was a very good call.The staff here are top notch. Friendly and helpful. The food is good at breakfast with variety everyday as is the happy hour food choices.We will come back next year and look forward to it.
5	really, really nice place! Definitely check this one out!
4	We tend to stay at the Gainey Suites Hotel once to twice a year.  The surrounding area is incredible, having that suburban Scottsdale feel.  The pool's temperature was perfect and we tend to remain in it for hours followed by a relaxing jacuzzi.  The breakfast and dinner , inclusive,  allowed us to have a cost-effective stay.  However, when we decided to dine out there were numerous choices within a mile radius.  This was a stay-cation for us, so the rates were excellent.  Btw, at dinner there  was complimentary beer and wine in a plush dining area with fireplace and a large screen television.  Nice!  As a gift for our anniversary the hotel delivered complimentary chocolate covered strawberries, roses for the bed, and a bottle of sparking white wine. The was a beautiful gesture. This is a top notch hotel in Scottsdale.
5	What a great place to enjoy your stay in AZ !!! I am amazed how clean and new this place looks ! Their breakfast is delish and the outside area is just amazing !
4	We had a free night stay here from a wedding expo back in the day...yes those actually work!! Place is pretty nice. I was expecting it to be really lame, but it was a nice hotel.The bed is made out of down...so it was a little poky....not my preference at all, but it was a nice get away, just to get away.
1	I wish I could write a review about staying there, but we never got the chance.  I booked a room through Travelocity and got a confirmation number.  A week later, I got an email from Travelocity saying they received word there would be construction going on during our visit and if I had questions, I should call.  I called the number they gave on the email and was told by Travelocity I had to cancel my reservation because the hotel would be closed.   I called the hotel after that and was told they were not closed but there was no room available.  What?  I had a reservation that they cancelled, now I'm told they are sold out.  I tried to explain to the reservationist at the hotel who simply kept repeating, "we have no rooms available."   Hmnn.  Did they just kick out the Travelocity customers?
4	Nice place, clean and quiet and room was nice and dark.  Room had a full kitchen as well. Water was nice and hot. I would recommend!
3	The rooms are big and equipped with everything you need. Almost too big! There is a nice pool that was packed!I took two stars away because of the customer service. The girls at the front desk made a HUGE deal about us wanting to use the shuttle. We were only going a short distance away but too far to walk and the girls made us feel pretty bad about it. They also made a half attempt to ask us how out stay was. She asked as we were halfway out the door and she was braiding her hair.......
5	I had my wedding at Gainey and I'm so very happy I did! From the get go everything was perfect! Kara was our coordinator and she made sure everything was exactly how we wanted. My husband and I live in Las Vegas so as you could imagine it is quite difficult to plan a wedding in another state. She made it go smoothly so we didn't have to worry about anything. Our wedding was beautiful and the staff was amazing! I couldn't have asked for a better room that night either. It was beautifully decorated with rose petals, chocolate covered strawberries and champagne. I had the best day of my life at this hotel and they were just amazing!
5	We stayed at the Gainey Suites Hotel over the Memorial Day Weekend.  I can't say enough great things about this hotel.  The rooms are beautiful and every detail was put into place from the phone chargers in the room to the free teddy bears on the bed.  The breakfast and afternoon snacks were wonderful. There was even a Memorial Day BBQ with decorations and free wine and beer.  What a wonderful experience we had.  We would highly recommend this venue to any one.
5	Every year I spend a summer weekend in a local hotel. Two years ago (last year I was in another state for the summer) I chose this hotel and it was magnificent. This year I had a small hiccup in booking the trip when their computer system wouldn't hold my reservation and I had to call back to redo the reservation.(I'll update if any of this review changes when I come next weekend, but this is a review from my stay 2 years ago)I came with a girl friend and our goal was just to relax and have fun for my birthday. The staff was so welcoming and nice and made the check in process so easy. The rooms has two queen size beds (you could have a king if you had requested it) and a nice living area with a sofa bed and kitchen separate from the bedroom. At that time, the hotel seemed  like an undiscovered gem. No huge crowds. No screaming kids. Just peace and quiet with a few other couples when we enjoyed the huge spread of breakfast and lingered by the pool and enjoyed the happy hour (which is basically a good size dinner complete with drinks).On Saturday night, I invited a few friends over and we had a mini birthday party and than ordered a funny movie on the tv and made microwave popcorn to enjoy with it.You won't need to spend money on food during your stay. They got you covered. But there are lots of shops nearby to enjoy including Cavecreek/Carefree which is just a short drive. Seriously this is the best hotel. If for any reason, you have any problem or difficulty, they will go out if their way to make it right.
5	I'm currently having Gainey Suites withdrawl. We chose to have our destination wedding at this hotel, which was planned as of March 2013 and we actually had the wedding June 7th, 2014. Over the course of 15 months, I would come every time I was in Phoenix to check up on the property. They recently did a big remodel of the pool area, carpeting in the hotel, and adding a nice bar. I LOVED what they did and loved even more so that their prices for weddings stayed the same. We felt we got a phenomenal deal for a wedding, had the whole weekend at the hotel (which guests LOVED), and it was just an all around perfect hotel. We got a special for the wedding rooms so everyone felt everything was well worth it. The rooms have huge comfy beds, luxury bath rooms, full kitchens, and some even have patios which made for a lot of fun when wedding guests shared their patio areas. I can't wait to go back to enjoy another night and enjoy their awesome evening socials and comfortable pool!
3	We stayed here on a summer special, because we had business to take care of in Phoenix the next day.  The room was a basic suite room, clean and comfortable, but smaller than we expected from the photos on the website.  I would not suggest trying to put any more than two adults in that room, and probably not more than one smaller child.  The kitchen area was quite spacious and very nice.  The courtyard and pool area were gorgeous, and it's easy to see why this would be a popular place for outdoor weddings.  The thing that set it apart from other suite hotels was the decorations and appointments.  Actual artwork on the walls, very nice mattress and sheets, and pleasant colors.  The only drawbacks were the sheer number of decorative  items that took up nearly every horizontal surface, and the typically small sized "hotel"  towels. The evening hors d'oeuvre buffet was pretty underwhelming, basically a salad and taco bar on the night we were there, and the dining area was crowded with families and lots of kids, so not a very "relax and unwind"  environment.  We felt satisfied with at the summer special rate, but perhaps not so much at regular winter rates. (Trivial, but we got only one of the two bears and none of the chocolate chip cookies that were promised with the summer rate package.) Overall the hotel itself was quite nice, but the service and attention to detail was less than the property seemed to promise.
3	I came to AZ for work, Gainey Suites is a very clean and practical option for people looking to enjoy their stay and not break the bank.First off, let's discuss the perks: this place has a happy hour for guests every day with small bites...i was definitely about that life. what's more, the location and setup of the space was very picturesque and relaxing with the mountains as your backdrop.The rooms are very comfortable and come complete with a kitchen. if i ever wind up at this hotel in another capacity, I think that's a great plus! everything is clean and well maintained too.i was happy to hear there was a complimentary daily breakfast for patrons, but the breakfast itself was rather meh.. the fruit had a brown tinge to it, the scrambled eggs were extremely runny, the pastry selection was limited, ham was dry... These experiences didn't all happen on the same day, but overall I think they can use some work on what they serve as part of their breakfast..They also charge for the gym. which is a very basic gym....really? i could more understand if it had more amenities to it but it really didn't - we're talking treadmill, elliptical, bike, weights - the end. is that worth $20? As far as the hotel's surroundings - there is a strip makk within walking distance with restaurants and bars./...but other than that you would need a car to drive anywhere else. But overall it was a nice hotel - the staff is friendly and helpful. if i were to come back to AZ, i would keep this place in the back of my mind as an option..but i would also look for other potential places that might be more central or have more on-site amenities.
5	I just stayed at the Gainey for two nights because it was one one of the recommended hotels for a large wedding I was attending nearby.  Immediately upon arrival I was greeted by friendly young ladies at the front desk who quickly and efficiently got me checked in.  I requested a first floor room near the main entrance and was perfectly accommodated.  I was traveling alone so I got a King Studio room.The room itself was fantastic.  Small living room, full kitchen and modern bathroom.  The kitchen had a full sized refrigerator, dish washer, coffee maker (with all the goodies), microwave and even a sink with a food disposal.  There were bottle openers, cups/glasses and silverware.  Plenty of the basics if you're the type who likes to cook up some food while on the road.For techies there was a power station on the desk and an iHome iPhone radio by the bed.  Sadly, the iHome was an older model with the older plugs (not Lightening) but it still has a USB plug for charging your phone next to your bed.The closet was roomy and included a small safe.  The sink appeared to be made of marble and the entire bathroom seemed very new and modern.  Great water pressure in the shower (love that!) and soap, shampoo, Q-tips and cotton balls were provided.  The blackout curtains actually blacked out the room and that's something I enjoy about nice hotels.  If I had one small complaint it was with the sheets on the bed.  I felt they were too "rough" for such a nice room and the hotel may want to replace them with a better thread count.  The mattress was comfortable, though.This location offers breakfast in the morning and cocktails in the evening.  The breakfast was good, but simple.  The first day they did not have any bacon out which left me with a bacon craving the rest of the day, ha.  The second day the cooks made up for this glaring oversight, however, and I was happy to eat both bacon and sausage.  Drinks include Starbucks coffee, a soda machine, milk and OJ.  For a free breakfast it was pretty good.  Not quite the selection of an Embassy Suites but still a good way to kick off the day.There is a small shop near the lobby in case you want some snack food or a cold drink.  It's a bit pricey, however.  $2.50 for a Coke and $6 for a beer.  Oh well, still nice to have the items available.  The gym was small but seemed to offer enough to break a sweat.  The water machine with cold/hot/room temps was a nice touch.  I didn't use the pool but it looked nice.  When I return with my family I know the kids will enjoy it.I enjoyed my stay from beginning to end.  I'd highly recommend this hotel.  It's a fantastic location (especially for the price).
