4	I've ordered cookies from Cookies by Design many times and they never disappoint. I have worked with this store as well as stores across the country when ordering for the people I work with and people I love. Everyone has always said how beautiful the cookies look but even better, how great they taste. You won't be disappointed. :)
5	Seriously, even if you never plan on buying a cookie bouquet for someone...go into Cookies by Design and buy an "oops cookie". These are cookies that came out a little misshapen and therefore they can't use them. They frost them and sell these gems for one dollar. ONE DOLLAR. I'm not even joking. Once you eat this cookie, you won't ever want another cookie in your life. Or at least, you will constantly be unsatisfied with other sugar cookies.I've never ordered a bouquet from them but I've seen a lot on display since I used to come here every single day after school when I was in high school. They always look beautiful and I'm sure they taste even better than the oops cookies do.
4	Wow, I am SO glad Cookies by Design has a location here in the valley!! When I was in WA a guy I knew would always send these incredible cookie bouquets to his wife and kids when he was away on business. These cookies tasted AMAZING! Today I was in a bind for gift ideas and I called up my friend to see what company he used. This is the one, the cookies taste SO good and he said only go with a delivery company that is local (good call!). Cookies by Design is local, I was able to call them with my questions and they were VERY friendly, order online, and there was even a coupon (when I google'd it) - I will definitely use them again and I would recommend them to any one who needs to send a gift to a local pal :}
4	My manager always gives these to employees as a going away gift and I ordered one for a friend recently. It was a huge success with her kids and husband, I heard, lol. Flowers are fun but cookies are tasty. They have a lot of different arrangements and options available. You can order online, it's not complicated, and personalization is easy.
1	Don't do it. I ordered a basket of cookies for Valentine's Day that wasn't delivered until well after business hours, so the recipient didn't receive it until the next day. It took me six tries to reach someone on the phone, who was rude and offered nothing to make up for the failure. Her retort was that the cookies were delivered and that it was their busiest day of the year.A delivery company that can't fulfill its orders within business hours and has incredibly rude customer support isn't deserving of your money. Go elsewhere.
5	AWESOME place!! So happy with the service! We live in WA but my boyfriend was in Scottsdale for work during his birthday which was on President's day. The online service was down and said they were closed that day but I called first thing Monday morning just in case and I'm so happy I did! Whoever I spoke with on the phone was wonderful! She was able to get exactly what I wanted and had it delivered within 3 hours. My boyfriend was ecstatic and he sent me pictures and the cookies looked amazing! I'm a little bit jealous I didn't get to have any. They were a lot bigger than I was expecting and it was all around a lovely display! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM!!!!
