5	I really do enjoy a nice relaxing environment, even thought he coffee was 'to go', I still felt right at home in this Starbucks. I have been is some Starbucks that have been nothing but busy, chaotic, and noisy. This one was far form that ambiacnce.
4	Fast and friendly drive-through! Not much more to tell.
4	I'm so happy they opened a Starbucks! The only ones around were either in Target or in Barnes and Noble at the east towne mall. I love how they added the drive through, it makes it quick and easy for me to get what i want and get on with the rest of my day.The staff is superb and very friendly. The only downfall i had was that sometimes the staff is a little chatty with the customers which can delay how quick they can be. But overall it was an awesome experience and I'm so happy that Starbucks has it's own building that's easily accessible.
5	If you know anything about me, you know I LOVE Starbucks. When I was living in Arizona my home was on the same street as 5... FIVE of them. I lead presentations on community building and branding and have PP slides dedicated to them. I just finished a book about habit which had an entire chapter devoted to them. I long for the switch over to the holiday cups each season. I can go on...I'll never forget the first time I had Starbcuks. I was in NY with my friend Cari and we were getting hot tix (student discounted tix when you show up at the butt crack of dawn) for The Full Monty. She decided if there was any way we were going to bear the cold and the line, we needed some Buck. I had never had a cup of coffee up until then, told her I was afraid of jumping in with both feet, so I got a Frapaccino, coffee's sweeter cousin... in the dead of winter... in NY.Truth be told I don't drink Starbucks as much as I used to. Funny thing about having a job that allows me to celebrate the fine local offerings we have. However, in addition to being a remarkable brand (seriously, do some Googling if you're interested) they also have incredible boxes if you're moving and need to pack up shhhhtuff. This location gets 5 stars because it's by far the cleanest I've been in so far, and the staff is warm and friendly but not overly so. Large tables make it easy to gather/work and ample parking is an added bonus that some of the others don't have.
5	Gotta try the strawberry banana smoothies
3	Typical Starbucks layout, nothing unique.  Very friendly staff.  Seating is cramped during busy times.  Sometimes there are no tables available so then it's on to Cool Beans down the road.
5	After a terribly long day, I just needed some coffee. I seriously debated going to this location because it is a maze to get back there.  No regrets.  This location is hands down the BEST Starbucks I have ever been to.  The line is always long because they are making your drink the way it should be made.  Whether it is a Frappuccino or just a regular cup of coffee this location stands out above the rest.  It was on this day that I ordered my standard Grande, Hot, Skim Milk Caramel Mocha with light whip.  It was superb.  No burnt taste, it was fresh, delicious and that sip saved my day.  Yes, it does sound a little dramatic.  I have been studying for the bar and just needed caffeine.  This place gave me flavor and happiness all in one cup.  I wish I could remember a name or give them all a hug.  This is where you go to get a good cup of coffee AND the staff is friendly!
