4	I'm all about venturing out and trying new places in Tempe lately, and my latest find did not disappoint!  I remember that the location where Tipp's 88 Thai Restaurant now lives used to be Ichiban.  I never dined there, but Tipp's seemed to settle right in... the atmosphere was clean, warm, and welcoming.We were there at prime lunchtime on a Monday (today) and they seemed to be doing pretty consistent business.  We sat down right away and were given a visually appealing menu (as my companion pointed out and I agreed).  There was plenty to choose from including the traditional thai dishes and many more.  I noticed that there were many vegetarian options and 20 lunch specials.  I finally decided on the 'kang-ped' veggie with tofu, which is eggplant and veggies cooked in a red curry, coconut milk.  It was served with my choice of soup or salad (i went with salad), steamed white  rice, and an eggroll.  My friend had the pad thai which he said was really good.  I especially liked the salad... it came out first and was served with yummy peanut dressing.  The dressing seemed lighter than others I've had in town, and it was really tasty.  My entree was delicious as well.  Our waitress wasn't the most attentive (my water could've been refilled a few times more than it was), but we had a very good meal!  I'll be back for sure - maybe next time for dinner!***Please note - Tipp's 88 Thai Restaurant is closed on Sunday!  (I hate when you are craving something and go there only to find they are closed... maybe this will save you a trip!)
4	If a delicious Thai joint collided with a staid log-cabin interior you would find Tipps 88 Thai at your service.It's relatively new (almost 1 year) and in a curious setting (a Kill Bill style sushi place?), but no less satisfying.  I was here for lunch recently and had decent food, ok service and an overall good experience here. The well-designed menu is very helpful for novices, giving ample descriptions and some photos.  The lunch special shrimp pad thai (which came with a peanut dressing side salad) did not disappoint.  The portions were generous for $7, there was just enough shrimp, and even better -- the food tasted shrimpy and almost briny, compared to other restaurants that cook the pad thai and then toss in (name your meat here) at the end.  My dining partner Gabi, had an (add your colorful adjective here) amazing eggplant tofu curry.The stream of lunchtime diners was steady but cleared by 1 p.m.  I found the food and service to be much more pleasing than Thai Basil and is a reliable choice if you're wanting Thai in Tempe.
4	Another Thai Tryst! Thanks To Gabi and Stevey I decided to try this place since you both gave a great review.I've got the Fever..........I'm craving Red Curry Like a Maniac.......That's what I ordered, it's actually called Kang Ped Veggie on their menu, I added Tofu. (see pics)It came with a small salad served with a spicy sweet peanut dressing that was actually quite good.The Kang Ped arrives steaming hot! Loaded with fresh Veggies like Japanese eggplant, mushroom, zucchini, carrots, peas and bamboo shoots. The Tofu was perfect too!While very delicious the sweet flavor of the coconut was missing, I tasted alot of butter form the veggies being sauteed perhaps and plenty of spice, I just missed the sweetness I'm familiar with.Again Generous portions and easy prices with a Tiki Lounge Ambiance and Friendly staff. I would come back here again, they have a pretty large menu and it's very descriptive to help out Thai Newbies like myself.Judging from the sounds coming from the surrounding tables I'd guess they were enjoying there meals as well.
4	My wife and I really love Thai foods and we've been a regular at Tipp's 88 for a while now.  Our favorite dishes are Eggplant Pad Prik and Pla Rad Prik.  These 2 dishes really complement each other well.  You can also substitute Pla Rad Prik with Pepper Mushroom Fish (I don't remember the exact name).  The service is good and they are very friendly to everyone.  For me, Tipp's 88 is definitely one of the best Thai restaurant in Tempe.
4	Went here for the first time tonight with a friend from CA.The food was fantastic. We split some Tom Yum Seafood soup. My friend commented that it was just about the best she'd ever had, even better than places in the bay area.I had the Pa-nang curry, and the smell and flavor were phenomenal. As soon as the bowl hit the table my mouth started watering. Portions were very generous I thought. I'll definitely be back.
5	I enjoy thai food. I could probably eat it every day. Tipps 88 is in the old Ichiban sushi location in the University Plaza across from the crazy looking solar panel SRP plant on University between McKlintock and Rural. Let's just get this out of the way... Ichiban was spiraling out of control to below poor sushi standards, so having it close down was pleasant news. When I learned that Tipps 88 was moving in I was slightly skeptical. First there's already Thai Basil and Char's - both very good. Is there room for another? (as of writing this, there's also Thai Elephant now too on University & Hardy) After going to Tipps 88 roughly 50 some odd times I can confidently say I love this place. It's not dark and dungeon feeling like Chars. It's not tiny and uncomfortable like Thai Basil. It's just right. The owner Pat is friendly and usually helps serving the tables. Service is so good I rarely run out of jasmine tea. The pricing is a little higher then I would typically like for Thai food but the quality and presentation is simply amazing. My favorite dishes are the pad thai, angel chicken, and there's a fried spicy catfish dish that is absolutely savory..I highly recommend this Thai spot. Food items for lunch are under $10 and for dinner between $7 and $17
4	Just stopped over at Tipp's 88 for lunch, and I was very impressed. I was a frequent guest of Ichi Ban in my ASU days, and I noticed Tipps when having a sandwich at the Picnic Company across the parking lot. I have to say the food was great. The curry was very tasty, and the lunch menu was cheap.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix.  I have taken several co-workers from around the world here, and they agree.  I do give Thai Basil, Thai Elephant, and Lemongrass 4 stars and I do enjoy all.  But, Tipps has great quality, good prices, and a diverse menu.  I have really enjoyed their curries, salads, pad thai, and noodle dishes!  Although the decor is pretty standard, they do have an outdoor patio which is nice for lunch.
4	Just learned about this place, and we tried the green bean spicy curry with chicken and the cashew nut scallops. Very good. Complex flavors and the meat was first class. Will be trying some of the other dishes as well in the near future.We have been searching for a good Thai place since our decades old favorite in Gilbert has been going downhill for some time. We tried another place close to campus and were disappointed - that place seemed to add the sauce at the last moment so that the flavors were not blended. Tried another place in north Phoenix but the stir fried noodles tasted exactly like a kit box we use to buy at Fry's. Exactly.Another place in Mesa was fairly good but the chicken was a bit fatty.Yet another place in Chandler was also fairly good but the pungent fish sauce came through too much.But here the flavors are good and the prices reasonable. I had to remove a bay leaf from my meal - but that is a good thing. We look forward to sampling other items on the menu and hope to settle on some favorites.
5	As cultured as my palate is, I have never enjoyed Thai food.  It has always been my least favorite type of food...until now.  I was reluctant to go to Tipp's because I have always had a bad experience with Thai food, but my friend wanted to go for her birthday, so who was I to refuse?  I'm so glad I didn't.  Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed the spaciousness and cleanliness of the area.  There's a cute little bar you can sit at if you want, too.  We were greeted by a friendly man who promptly seated us and was then quickly waited on for our drink orders.  My friend LOVED the Thai iced tea she ordered.  I forget the name of the entree I ordered, but it was kind of like pad Thai but with squid.  The squid came out perfect and complemented the noodles just right.  One of my other friends ordered the Hawaiian rice plate, and it was really good as well.  The portions are kinda big, the prices are kinda perfect, and the service is kinda awesome, so I highly recommend.  If you think you hate Thai, think again.  Go to Tipp's.Note: There appears to be a party area, so if you're looking to host a bigger group, I believe this place can accommodate.
5	Our favorite Thai place. We drive from Gilbert to go here and it is worth it every time! Get the pineapple fried rice....also the Tom Ka Gai is insanely awesome!
5	Great Thai food.  I have eaten here about a billion times and have tried almost everything on the lunch menu.  We're such regulars here that the waitress didn't even ask what we wanted to drink last time, she just brought it out.  The only thing I don't like about the place is that the spice tends to wreck my digestive tract, but I can't blame them for that... After all, spicy food is supposed to do that.  Just don't go the day before you have a round of golf planned.Definitely a step above the overcrowded Thai Basil, and the over slow Thai Elephant.
4	This place took us a while to hear about, and then even a little more time to actually get out to,  but totally worth it.  Finding a Thai place with a legit vegetarian menu full of deliciousness is pretty difficult. This one has one, and more!So much goodness on the menu, and they even made me something that wasn't on the menu, going above and beyond. Plus their vegetarian Tom Yum and Tom Kah soups are delicious, as is their tofu satay starter.Service is OK, but that's there they lose a star.  Once it took ups almost 40 minutes to get our soup, and our water glasses often stay empty way too long. Plus, at least in the winter, it's always freezing in here.However, the food and fairly affordable prices plus excellent vegetarian Thai selection make it well worth braving the mediocre service and chilly temps.
4	Thai food is usually hit and miss... More often than not, in this part of the world, it usually isn't even in the ballpark of how the flavors are supposed to taste. For one, under no circumstance should ketchup be substituted for tamarind in Pad Thai. Yuck! Thankfully, Tipps gets it right.So far, I'm had the spicy beef salad, red chicken curry (inferno-melt-your-mouth-off hot) and the pad thai. All were very tasty and had the right balance of the complex flavors and heat that make up good Thai cuisine. This is my go-to place for Thai now and I'm glad I found it!
