5	Getting a haircut is very difficult and being in Waterloo doesn't help. Luckily, I chanced by Mr Lee's Hair Fashions. This place looks strange and the inside does not give you any much better opinions. I believe there is a white fenced window with flower pots outside. Weird right?They are good though for Asian people, I don't know about others. And as you probably guessed, it is a Korean hair cutting place. Also, accessible by local transit.
5	After I read a couple of positive reviews for Mr. Lee's, I figured I would give him a try. And although his cutting methods were not was I was used to, he still did a fabulous job and was able to cut my hair in a style that suited me. I'll be back, Mr. Lee!
5	Mr. Lee's a really great guy to talk to. He's been cutting hair in the Waterloo area for about 12 years now, and his experience will be seen on your haircut. With a down-to-earth barber, unique place, and great haircuts,, Mr. Lee's Hair Fashions is definitely a better alternative to barbers near UW. You can take the 200 iExpress towards the Ainslie Terminal, then stop at Grand River hospital and walk 10 minutes.
5	I've been to Mr. Lee's several times and I was happy with the results. He's kind of weird, but he's always happy and enthusiastic.As a warning for those of you who don't like thinning shears: he uses them a LOT.
5	I have long straight hair and only get it cut a couple times a year so I'm very particular when I do, and that's why I keep returning here.  I've never had a bad experience at Mr. Lee's, and consistently good haircuts. Although it may seem like most of the clientele are men, Mr. Lee is excellent with Ladies' hair too! His friendly and outgoing nature will put you right at ease. Also, the best pre-cut shampoos I've ever had :)
5	Mr. Lee and the reviews here did not disappoint one bit. He was very friendly, quick, meticulous, and skillfully cuts hair. I would definitely go back again.
5	Great place to go! Mr. Lee is an artist to say the least. 14 years of experience really shows.
1	Wow. I walk in at 9:50AM on a Tuesday, he tells me there a 90 minute wait --and I'm the ONLY ONE THERE. I need a haircut, not negotiate a treaty. 10 minutes at most. This guy doesn't seem to give a shit at all. Not enough time. It's a FUCKING HAIRCUT. What is it with businesses in Kitchener that they're THIS fucked up? Please tell me again how the economy is in poor shape, I have yet to find a business that will accept money in trade for a fucking HAIRCUT.
4	Friendly, fair price and I'm happy with my hair cut. As for complaint about having to wait...He works alone, so if you don't make an appointment you may have to wait. Quit whining and don't expect the world to drop everything because you have $25 to spend. I'll come back and bring my son here too.
5	Best haircuts I've had. Takes his time. Quality is consistently good. Make an appointment ahead of time.
5	I called around 3pm  on a Tuesday and was able to get a 6pm appointment the same day.  Once I arrived, I was straight into the chair and 15 minutes later I was out the door.  Reasonable price for a wash and a cut and the cut was probably one of the best I've ever had.  I think someone wrote on here that he is a magician and I think that's the best way to put it.  He works quick!  I think he works alone, so an appointment would be the best way to go.
