4	Sure the place is a giant gimmick, but its a fun gimmick and for what it is they do it well enough.  The food is what you would expect from a diner and it really isn't bad at all.  My boyfriend loves the shakes, I can't do much ice cream so I haven't had one.  On certain days of the week they have awesome deals for kid's meals.  One other thing that impressed me about 5 & Diner was found on their website.  First they have all of their nutritional information available, but even more impressive is they have a menu for Gluten free choices as well as Lactose free choices.  Very cool in my opinion.
4	Pickle Chips! What the hell?...and man are they good, I had never even heard of them before -- deep fried pickle chips served with ranch dressing... Yum!My girls really like it here - so we tend to visit about once a month. The food is good overall, though sometimes the service can be a little slow... The atmosphere is cheesy and perfect for kids.
4	Typical fun 50's diner atmosphere but good food nonetheless.  Tried their deep dish apple pie tonight.  Made like a pot pie with puffed pastry!!!!  Sinfully delicious.  Boo to Rhonda J for pointing out they have a website with nutritional info.  I checked it out and ain't nuthin' nutritional about it.  But boo to me for being so foolish as to look--especially AFTER I've eaten.Makes me wonder...will there be 90's style diners someday.  Maybe internet cafes where kids are amazed we used to have to go places to use the internet and they are horrified at how big serving sizes were "back then."
4	If you like  oldies like  "Over and Over Again", try the patio mid-morning.  The view of Micky D and Best Buy plus Indian Bend Road noise isn't the greatest but a scattering of tall palm trees make the setting somewhat attractive when you  scan upward.  What is missing, of course, is the beach. The two egg cheese- veggie omelet with hash browns works for me.  For toast I highly recommend  rye for its thickness  and extra seeds.
4	I've been eating here twice a week for years, because it's one of the few places around where you can still get liver & onions.  And I really like the atmosphere and music.
4	"The last Stop before The 60s," And My first stop when I am craving chicken pot pie and cherry coke.  Whenever I come here, I can't help feeling like I am in "back to the future II" and mc fly is going to walk in the front door at any moment.  The diner is something you would see on a 50s movie set. Checkerboard floors, old movie posters and portraits of classic movie stars, fire engine red vinyl booths, mini juke boxes on the tables, and the big bopper blaring from the overhead speakers. You are transported back to a time when a gallon of gas cost $.18c , and life seemed...well, cheaper.There is a reason why ZAGAT has awarded 5&Diner "top family restaurant," for its fun and child friendly atmosphere - as well as winning accolades from AOL City Guide, The Rep, Phoenix Magazine, and New Times  for "best cheap eats, breakfast, best diner, hamburger, and best late night dining"This particular location is only open until 11p, but there are other valley locations such as the 16th street diner that are open for 24 hours, and I have been there on numerous occasions with the after-bar crowd to feast on one of their 12 signature burgers such as the "Blue Moon Burger" Shakes, malts, chocolate sodas, pies, burgers, and fries...you know what to expect from a diner, and you will get it!
5	We have enjoyed coming to this location for years now.  As mentioned in other reviews, the owner, Lee, is exceptional and makes sure his establishment provides exceptional service.  Today , one of my dogs, Timmy, turned 7 and we thought it would be fun to take him and his buddy, Eddy, along for dinner.  A restaurant I'd been told was welcoming to dogs had closed recently.  On a whim, I called the 5 & Diner to ask if dogs were allowed in the patio area.  The woman who answered the phone, Ruth, enthusiastically answered that dogs were not just allowed, they were welcomed!   The waitress brought out to go containers and a pitcher of water for the dogs, served us our dinners, then brought out a birthday dessert for the dogs, complete with a candle and a wonderful rendition of the Happy Birthday song!!  We'll certainly be back on the other dog's birthday for another party!!
1	We walked out.  Never got to eat.  The waiter was to busy hitting on the 15 year old girls sitting behind us then come up and take our order.  We waited a good 15 minutes and no love.  Not to mention, the food looked over priced for what is was.
3	Great little diner, with food for all ages.  First stopped there several months ago while out shopping. . It really reminds me of some of the diners of my youth. Had a great lunch, and the prices were not bad.  Several months is a long time ago when you are my age, so I really don't remember what we had, but I do remember it was good, and the price was reasonable.Then my golfing buddies and I were driving by, and looking for a place for breakfast, and we stopped.  The had Senior prices (which my buddies qualified for) and they were hooked.  The breakfast was good, and of course, I tested everbody's plates.  The only thing that I thought was below par was the sausage.  Bacon, pancakes, waffles and eggs were great, and the service was excellent.  One of the things I look for at breakfast is potatoes - hash browns, potatoes O'Brien, whatever.  I was disappointed here as they only had frozen hash browns, and the gravy they had was not even average.  This cost it 2 stars in my opinion, as one of the things that makes a diner a "diner" are great potatoes, no matter how they are cooked.I should say though that on the last day my buddies were here, they wanted to go back to the diner for breakfast, and this was over several places that had better yelp ratings.  And they bring it up every time I talk with them, so maybe I should have rated it a little higher.
5	Loved it.We passed by the diner while on a family vacation in Scottsdale and once we got hungry for dinner, I pulled up Yelp and checked the reviews. If anything, I'd say it is underrated. Obviously it isn't fine dining but for what it is, and considering the prices, it was excellent!  $3.49 for a kid's plate of meatloaf, (really buttery) mashed potatoes, gravy, and nice fresh veg. How could someone below say it is overpriced?  Ridiculous.My wife and I both had patty melts and it was the best one I can remember. Good rye bread, sauteed onions, a slice of cheese and FRESH ground beef. The waitress asked how I wanted mine cooked... I was a bit surprised but she said they grind all the beef. So I ordered mine medium and it was spot on.Sitting outside is pretty drab as you have a view of the street and strip malls but inside it is a different world. If you're looking for a good, classic, inexpensive meal in a kid's friendly environment, you probably won't find better than 5 & Diner.
4	I loved this place it was so cute. We went here for brunch today and we sat out on the patio through another reviewer's suggestion. The waitress we had was wonderful and very attentive. Even though I do not have a dog I loved how it was a dog friendly patio, and they even bring water and treats for your treasured pups! The coffee was good, and I had a strawberry waffle and my husband had scrambled eggs with cheese, toast, and fried potatoes. The music was also cool as we are both fans of the 50's. I will come back here again as it was very reasonably priced.
4	Had an awesome time here at breakfast.Its an old school diner.  Juke boxes at the table and everything!We got the breakfast special which was 3 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 bacon and hash browns.  It was only $3.99!  I got a heath bar shake and my buddy got coffee.  The heath bar shake was awesome!  They hook it up too by that they give you the shake, plus the leftovers in the metal shake container.  So its like 2 shakes in one.  It was kind of hard to suck through the straw because they put sooooooo much heath bar in there but I wasn't complaining......I love heath bars!  The service was awesome and our waiter was really nice!  Cool vibe, good food and low prices make this one of the best diners I have ever been in!
4	Usually go to the Pavilions on the weekend to have Sweet Tomatoes or for a quick Taco Bell run but my sister and dad were in town and my dad didn't want either one so we went for some good ol' burgers. This place doesn't disappoint. Not only did I like the real retro feel that wasn't overly kitsch but the food is good. Sister and dad had a cheeseburger and for whatever reason I decided I was really hungry and to go for the The Big Bopper Burger (double decker burger with melted american cheese and Kenny's special sauce). Wow. I have eaten a lot of burgers but this thing was about 3x the size of any double cheeseburger I've ever had. There was almost too much burger to be honest (actually it was TOO much) but for those who can stomach that challenge, take it on. I'll stick to the regular cheeseburger next time. That didn't deter me from continuing my calorie splurge and so I decided to cleanse my palate with a vanilla shake. It was easily one if not the best shake I've ever had. Delicious indeed.A little bonus was that the mini jukeboxes on the tables did work, which is nice.The service was a tad slow at times, maybe this may be due to the young crew at hand. Everyone was enjoying themselves and though I was somewhat disgusted by the amount of meat I had just ordered, I can only blame myself. Definitely a place to I'll go back to.
3	I usually enjoy 5 & Diner, and have never had anything but at least "good", if not "great" service.This 5 & Diner changed that.The service wasn't "bad", but it definitely wasn't what I'd call "good".The waiter seemed put out to wait on us.I will return to 5 & Diner, but not likely to this location.
3	As diners go, the service and food were fairly average, there was very little to distinguish 5 & Diner from the Denny's across the street, aside from its 50s-themed decor.  We had heard that kids loved this place, but the only comment our kids had was "why does everything look so old here?"  I'm not quite sure whether they were talking about the decor or the clientele (lots of elderly, some kids, very little in-between).  They did like the paper hats and the hulu-hoop rack outside though.
1	I had The Mrs. Cleaver Pot Roast. And I must say if Ward, Wally and the Beav had to eat that shit every night the Cleaver's would have been the first divorced couple on TV.The Pot Roast was smothered in gravy and tasted awful. This was a one bite episode then ask for the check and leave type of experience.
5	Great Burgers and sandwiches! Awesome deserts too and KILLER milk shakes still served in the tin.The service is fast and ALL the food I have eaten there is wonderfully prepared. Honestly, you can split almost everything on the menu between two people!The service was wonderful. Everyone was right on top of things.I would stop there and have lunch ant tim, any day.
2	The place was packed on a Saturday nite so we had a short 10 minute wait. Not too bad. I asked for a burger. Just a plain burger, no cheese, with lettuce and tomato. Onion rings on the side. The waiter suggested I try this special sauce so I did. My daughter had a pastrami sandwich and a strawberry shake. Our meals came about 20 minutes later. The waiter filled our water glasses regularly but I think that was because it gave him a chance to talk to the cute young girls at the table next to us. So he'd fill our glasses quickly, then turn around and talk to the girls next door for a few minutes. I think he was trying to ask one of them out. My burger was a little dry and the sauce was a weird color. It was ok but nothing special. The onion rings tasted like they were freshly made tho. My daughter really liked her pastrami sandwich. The strawberry shake was pretty good too. Noise level was energetic and the burger was nothing special. I could come here again and try something different, or come for lunch instead of dinner. But there are so many great places to get even better burgers around town that I likely won't be back.
4	Service was very friendly. Food was good and for a great price
3	Was in the mood for breakfast at lunchtime, so I dropped by this location.  I was able to find a table pretty quickly.  I had my mind made up on what I wanted.....a Veggie Omelet (Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Bell Peppers, Onions) w/Sourdough Toast and Hash Browns.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JFhfVTt_8xNjtwqSD-raIw?select=M3s_sXbAS8D-Cfylaa6QwwThe food came out fast and I was surprised to see large slices of Tomatoes on top of the Omelet instead of chopped up inside.....this was the first time I've ever had a Veggie Omelet like that.....turns out I like it this way!  The Omelet was cooked well, not runny....which is a good thing.  The only thing I didn't like about the Omelet was the Mushrooms....they were definitely canned and not cut fresh...other than that, it was a solid Omelet.The Hash Browns were OK, and the Sourdough Toast was very good....should have asked for it dry, but forgot to do that.  I like my Toast dry.Overall, it was a nice breakfast during lunch.Return Factor - 70%
4	Love Bfast at this place! Prices are OK not cheap but what is anymore?
3	If you have been to a 5 and Diner then you know what it is all about.  Chain 50s menu.  Pretty crowded the food isn't bad.
4	I found the service a bit slow in bringing the check and running my card, but that is my only bad complaint.  This is a kid-friendly place to eat and they have a lot of good choices for everyone.  I am addicted to the albacore tuna melt; however, my niece's sourdough french toast looked really good too.  Also, the root beer floats were delicious.  Also, our server was super-nice.
4	Stopped there for breakfast on a Monday morning while my husband and I waited for the tires on the truck to be changed next door.We LOVED the atmosphere and the folks working there. They were friendly and prompt in serving us and following up to ensure everything was ok.The food was great, but not excellent.They have tiny little jukeboxes on the tables, but we lost a quarter on ours thinking that it worked. Well, it took the coin and allowed for selection, but our songs never came on...Overall, a great experience.
5	The food was really delicious! Compliments to the chef! I loved the chocolate malt! :)The atmosphere really reflected the 1950's. I love how there are hula-hoops in the front; so fun! The staff was very friendly. Our waitress was super nice.I would recommend to a friend! :)
4	My favorite lunch place for lunch on the patio with the dogs.  Staff is always pleasant and so are the customers. After our oldest boy died we received good wishes from all the staff at 5 & Diner.  That was very nice. Good food, great malts.Any place that serves good food and lets me bring my dogs gets my business!
5	Music always a favorite of mine and Danyell was the perfect  server.
1	Microwaved food and rude management. Our waitress was very nice. I let her know my HOMEMADE biscuits were cold as soon as they hit the table (not her fault). She took them back and brought out "new" ones. These had clearly been zapped in a microwave and became soggy in the process. I spoke to the manager privately and asked if she allowed her employees to microwave the food. She replied, "Yes, I told the server to microwave those biscuits." She seemed proud to let me know that the food is pre-made, stored in a warmer, then microwaved before being served, "That's how things are done here."
4	Ok we made a reservation after hanging out across the street to check out the cars at McD's Rock N Roll Care show.5 & Diner totally surprised us.The Black bean burger was AMAZING.... (we are vegetarian) and OMG way good!Everything was perfect.... oh and by the way the Shakes were A+.  I had the Cherry Coke which they make and again .... WOW!.Now for the rest of you.... (non-vegheads). Your in for a good meal as well. Everyone in our party who had the burgers were very happy.great atmosphere.. great food. Ya gotta go!
3	As I wrote in my Tip,  5 & Diner is a really fun trip down Memory Lane!It is also important to remember that diners were never known for gourmet food, nor as a hangout for Foodies.  What they did instead was make hardy, rib sticking stuff -- and here the 5 & Diner excels. Last night we had the Meatloaf dinner for $6.99, and Southwest Burger for $9.29.  We washed it down with an Ice Tea for $1.99 and a Malt for $4.99.  This all came to $25.61, before tip.  The service was good and we felt that it offered good value and a nice change of pace.  Yes, the meatloaf was somewhat bland and it was overwhelmed by the brown gravy.  But, it was good.  The burger was tasty with a nice slice of roasted Poblano pepper on top. A nice touch.  It also came with a spicy Mayo dressing that causes the burger to slip off the bun and makes it very hard to eat without a knife and folk.  So here's a good safety tip -- don't sit too close to the table and wear a napkin!  LOL Will you be confused with 5 & Diner and think that you're eating at Elements? No. Chef Beau MacMillan can rest easy.  But 5 & Diner offers good diner food and is a great place for Shakes or Malts.Enjoy the 5 & Diner, along with the Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons music!
4	Great alternative if your tired of chili's-like restaurants. Burgers here are very good and a great selection of really tasty shakes!
4	Food was really good, but the only issue we had was the blue cheese was awful and the employees were talking so load in a foreign language. If you want a GREAT burger go here.
1	I am a regular and love this diner! But it was 94 degrees in there today!
3	Here is an A-ok place to eat with the puppy. They usually bring water for the dog and have just fine food. You can sit as long as you want and they bring more coffee.
4	Fast, friendly service. Breakfast was very good. My husband had ham and eggs. It was perfectly prepared, and the slice of ham was as large as a dinner plate. We will definitely go back when in the area.
5	The breakfast is awesome.We eat breakfast here 4 days a week, At least.  WHY?Because we always eat our for breakfast and 5 & Diner is the only place that:1. is very inexpensive2. has a very fun atmosphere3. has a large menu4. has constantly great customer service5. is fast! It only takes about 4 minutes from the time we order it, before it arrives to our table.And the food is great!A great breakfast joint with great food and great service.ANT
5	I'm sitting here right now enjoying my country fried chicken! Its really yummy. The gravy is also very tasty. This vanilla mr. Pibb is vanilla as vanilla can be. Im all around pleased. The service is good, food is good and the ambiance hits the diner feel spot on.
5	I will admit, I made fun of the boyfriend when he wanted to go to 5 & Diner for dinner last night. I made even more fun of him when he showed me $80 worth of vouchers he'd bought on Amazon Local. Who goes to the 5 & Diner? Apparently he does. So we went to the 5 & Diner.And it was really good.Pickle chips! A whole star just for having these! They were delicious.I had the "Diner Dip"; the meat was nothing special but the bun was soft (I can't count how many places give me a hard-as-a-rock bun on French dips) and the horseradish sour cream was yummy. Boyfriend had some kind of burger, and it was one hell of a burger for under $10; this thing was literally 6 inches tall and densely packed with meat, jalapenos, cheese, and onion rings between Texas toast. He lapsed into a happy food coma quite quickly. French fries were perfectly cooked and tasted fresh. The shakes... oh, the shakes. We had the Reeses Peanut Butter Cup as a malt. It was amazing. Chunks of peanut butter cups at the bottom even!  I loved that they had about 20 flavors, ranging from butterscotch to raspberry to chocolate cherry, and all could be done as malts, soda floats, or just regular shakes. So many options!Everything came out super fast; 5 minutes on the pickle chips and another 5 for our sandwiches. I was astounded to find it had come out like lightning without being held under lamps; they literally cook that quickly. Oh, and now I have to rave about our server: She was the sweetest girl I've ever seen in food service. She was genuinely so nice, not the fake front most servers (including myself) put on, that I was incredibly impressed. She had to take my iPhone to do our voucher and it was crazy to see how carefully she handled it and presented it back to me. I enjoyed her pleasant demeanor so much that I left 40% for tip (and even perfect service will rarely warrant more than a 20% tip from me, because most of them have the aforementioned sickeningly sweet fake front).I didn't catch her name, but she had black hair and a nose stud, and worked on Tuesday night, so management please give kudos to her :)
3	The positives to this 50's inspired diner is that, I have never experienced a wait for a table, the prices are fair, the food comes fast, and they have a outdoor doggy patio so you can bring your pooch! There is also a breakfast bar area where you can eat by yourself without feeling like a total loser.  The food may not be the highest quality, but it sure does hit the spot when you are craving some comfort diner food or a hearty breakfast.Tip- check groupon for deals at this place which are featured often.
3	Came here for a milkshake. Walked in and they were closed. However, because we just wanted a shake for a late night snack, they welcomed us in for the last order of the night. Our waitress was okay; when we asked her what shake she would recommend, she looked at us like we were stupid and said really diva-y "uh, chocolate." We all looked at each other like"wow...did she just do that?" It was kinda funny. Finally, we all ordered milkshakes (of course, not chocolate). I ordered Strawberry, just to be safe. It was very bland. I can barely taste the strawberries in the shake even though it had strawberry chunks on the bottom. Very disappointed. One of my friends ordered an Oreo one and it was way too sweet. My other friend ordered chocolate (nvm, one of them did) with strawberry one; that was okay but I am not much of melted chocolate so I thought the chocolate was very strong and over-powered the strawberries. Anyway, the service was pretty good, she kept us with waters and didn't rush us out. It was nice.Oh yeah! There are hula hoops outside the diner (which is awesome). That was the best part.
2	Service was lacking!! Took forever for her to take our order. But the worst part was seeing the waitress behind the counter and lift her dress and pull her shorts down. There is a bathroom for this!! Then to not go and wash her hands GROSS
2	Not sure why people actually eat here, although I do like the theme and decor.  However, the food is sub-standard.  Even eggs, which are difficult to cook badly, just aren't very good.  Greasy food in a neat atmosphere.
4	Yummy breakfast! We sat at the counter and shared a hungry man breakfast. We added some xtra bacon and an English muffin. The English muffins were fantastic!!! The hash browns were crispy and delicious.  The service was good, food came out fast and the bill was reasonable.  Lovely!
4	Excellent shakes and soda drinks. The atmosphere is authentic 50's and the food is very good.  i have eaten their a few times and enjoyed the burgers and chicken smothered dinner. large servings!
1	Stopped for breakfast after picking someone up at the airport. Seated right away but took ten minutes for someone to take the order. While I waited for the food two tables sat down, waited for a waitress and left without ordering. The food was okay but the orange juice I ordered was very watered down - hardly tasted like orange juice. Won't go back again.
4	I remember eating at this place prior to my Yelping, and so returned there just today. The food is still good (not great), and while this is maybe more a 3.5 star review, the service was so nice and personable I'm willing to spot them the difference.Open hours are wrong as listed. Sun-Th 7 AM - 10 PM, F-Sat. 7 AM - midnight.
1	This place needs some work. Waited 10 minutes for someone, anyone, to pay attention to us at the counter.  No one even acknowledged us.  We left. Won't be back.
5	When it come to diners this place ROCKS! My friend and I came there for dessert after dinner. I had the apple pie, she had a milkshake. Both were great! The ambiance of the place reminded me so much of the 50s- it was so cute and fun! I  definitely want to go back!
1	In the year or so since I wrote my first review for 5 & Diner, ownership has changed hands. The first thing the new owner did was get rid of the crew (some had been working there 12+ years) and replace them with a very... How should I say... WHITE crew. The previous crew were mostly indians and some Mexicans (the joint is located on the reservation after all). But I suppose it was too dark for the new owners liking.The next thing the new owner changes was the menu. Cheaper options and less flavorful foods.Now, if you want a water you have to ask, where they used to bring one out right when you sat down.When we used to get our food in 5 minutes or less (sometimes in only 3 minutes after ordering it), now it takes 15-20 minutes, even if the place is half empty.We wanted it to work, and visited 4 times after the new owners took over, but alas.. We shall never go back.
1	ATTENTION- SEE BELOW. BUT I WANT THIS 1 STAR BACK!I have eaten at this establishment quite a few times over the years ever since they opened. I would have breakfast meetings here, take the girls softball team here after games and other events. We thought it was a good place to suggest 3 of my friends join me last night. after a long day of diving over 900 miles in one shot and loading and off loading a 25 foot moving truck, we wanted a change from the spots along the highway.My first impression when we walked in the door was it smelled like a greasy sewer. I headed to the rest room to wash my hands. It was gross and the rest room was even worse. I even noticed little deodorizers like the ones in the urinals in some unusual places outside the restroom. Humm. Makes you wonder!We sat and waited for others to join us. We were parked in the second to the east corner booth, by the kitchen door and milk shake machine. We were hungry and tired. Once our party joined us, we ordered.  It was not a complex or difficult order.... 3 french toast orders and I had small diner salad, half tuna and soup of the day. The place was far from busy and most other patrons were already eating. It took every bit of 25 minutes or more to get our food. The server Mike (receipt said a different foreign name)  had no clue how to serve, never brought us our utensils, forgetting parts of the order. But the part I am really complaining and disgusted about and warning to others has to deal with what we all witnessed crawling all around us. First, while we were waiting for our food, I watched a roach, yes roach, la cucaracha, crawl on the wall under the counter bar where you can sit. He cruised all around there. Several in our party were somewhat grossed out. Still waiting on our food, a second person in our party notices another one on the floor under the table (booth) adjacent to us where a nice family of 5 were sitting. We did not want to start a panic and said nothing. Ok, this is getting a bit freaky. Then, just before our food came, the more squeamish in our group of us male outdoorsmen, sees a third one behind me, crawling up the wall. That did it. Several told the waiter to return the food to the kitchen and get the manager while the others 2 ate with reluctance.  Bottom line, if you want a marginal meal served in a piss poor manner in a smelly environment, with a triple side of roaches, you got to try this place. By the way,  we were compt our meal and tipped our server a little something but this place has lost what amounts to or will amount to 50 patrons. adios la cucarachas!
4	Great food, great service.  Haven't been here in so long. Wish they had more locations. Ordered tge chicken & waffles. Love hearing 2 songs for a quarter.
1	food is awful, place filled with flies.  BABIES KIDS CRYING ALL THE TIME, management lets them make your time there not pleasant.  Would not recommendthem at all.
1	One of the worst restaurants in Scottsdale. New owners need to take a look at the food. I had delivery tonite. The salad had old brown lettuce--thew it out. The turkey was processed, not cooked today. Never again!!!!!
3	5 & Diner is okay for a quick bite.  The food is just okay, typical diner food.  The place it's self feels very old. . and not. . ."oh cool, I feel like I'm in the 50's" cool.  It has an old feel.  Needs some revamping (chipped paint, ripped benches, broken table juke boxes).  Staff was friendly and helpful.
1	Knowing this was a casual cheap diner, we didn't expect 5 stars.  BUT ... there's a certain level of service all establishments should meet and unfortunately this place missed the mark.We arrived at 10 pm on a Saturday.  While our server was sweet, the service was horrible and our food was cold which didn't make sense because there was hardly anyone in there.  She forgot the ranch for our fried pickles, refills on water, silverware, and the check.  We will not be back and suggest hitting up the Denny's across the street.
4	Sarah the waitress was extremely friendly and a pleasure to have. Southeest skillet was delicious! Atmostphere was simple and nice.
