3	Not astounding, but then again, not bad.  I had heard that the sliders and poutine were pretty great, and they were.  The sliders were probably the best thing we tried - great flavor to the beef and tasty accompaniments on the plate.  Second best thing was the poutine, and it was rich and delicious although I could feel my arteries clogging moment by moment.  The third item we tried was the tartare trio, and it was definitely underwhelming.  On the plate were three small servings of tuna, salmon, and beef tartare.  The only one with a really good flavor was (surprise) the beef.  Both the tuna and the salmon were overwhelmed by green onions and what I could taste of the fish wasn't that great.  2 out of 3 isn't bad, and the restaurant itself has a fun vibe and great decor, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
3	A dinner out with some of the Sales Execs led us to Mechant boeuf ... amid the myriad of restaurants we are making our way through during each business visit to Montreal.  The atmosphere is inviting, nice color scheme and the water wall feature is relaxing even through the many conversations tableside as well as the bar in this eclectic restaurant.Our evening began with libations, of course, from Lychee martini to Argentinian wine to a standard Cosmo.  Appetizer split between the four of us was the Tasting Tartar which included beef, salmon and tuna.  Very large portions, so glad we were all consuming this offering...served with crustini and a spicy ponzu style sauce.Dinner - we ended up with identical orders - NY Strip set on a bed of creamy cheese potatoes and crowned with an onion and bacon topping.  The side was a mix of summer squash and zucchini simply sauted.  The meat was not as tender as I would have liked and there was certainly some fatty stuff on the sides that could have been trimmed prior to service.  The potatoes were ok, although a bit too creamy to support the meat as a platform.  The veggies were bland.Dessert - a decadent chocolate cake with a very rich icing...not house made but a nice way to end the meal.What I found interesting on the menu was "Beer Can Chicken"....hmmm, not a BBQ joint, not a Roadhouse, and certainly not located in rural VA, so why I ask you would that appear on a menu with tartar, assorted cuts of steak and nice shrimp offerings???Can't say it would be a regular place for me, especially since there are so many more choices of eateries we have yet to try!
3	Found this place while strolling down the cobble stone streets of Montreal. The inside is really neat, it looks like a night club; only odd thing I noticed, was that they had TV, but they were set to an old western TV show (not sure if that's the norm). I took a seat at the bar and was greeted by a very friendly and attractive bartender. I sampled a few of the local (Canadian) wines and cheeses and all were very delicious. Ended up meeting the restaurant manager as well and he was very hospitable.
4	Our Via train from Toronto to Montreal arrived an hour late due to the train staff's failure to close a door at one of the stops. As a result, we arrived in Montreal at 11PM thirsting for some alcoholic beverages, and maybe a bite to eat. After quickly dropping off our luggage and cleaning up, we walked down to Old Montreal to find the perfect place. It took us about 20 minutes of either places closing up shop for the night or simply tacky tourist dives serving nachos before we found the Merchant. It was crowded at midnight and still serving.Service was a bit slow as we were adjacent to a large birthday group that was just breaking up and asking for separate bills (another conversation entirely!). The host realized the problem and began taking care of us; we had sparkling water quickly and a bottle of red soon after that. We decided to share the beef carpaccio and Cesaer salad appetizer, and it was delicuous. All the food we saw looked delicious, it's a fun rowdy atmosphere, and the DJ was playing great "old" music from the early 90s. We liked it so much we returned the next night for drinks after the Killers concert. This place is popular and I can see why.
4	I'll admit that my expectations were low when we walked in. By the time I walked out, though, I was pretty impressed. I ordered the "Burger Flight," which consisted of three cute little sliders that were accompanied with separate condiments of thousand island dressing and caramelized onions. The buns, which tasted brioche-y, were nicely toasted. The meat was a little bit dry, but it wasn't too bad. I have a little problem with their calling it a "flight," though, because I think of flights as being an assortment. It would be a flight if each of the three burgers were different. But, whatever -- to-MAY-to, to-MAH-to.I also ordered a side of poutine -- my first on this visit to Montreal, and I thought it was fantastic (especially the braised pork on top -- wow!!), barring one weakness: the cheese curds were really big, and some hadn't fully melted. Thus, it was hard to get a good ratio of gravy-potato-cheese-pork. Granted, my poutine experience is quite thin, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. ;)My husband ordered the sea bass, which I thought was going to be awful -- I mean, the place is called Mechant Boeuf, not Mechant Poisson. ;) However, the fish came out cooked PERFECTLY: moist, with nice, crispy skin. The accompanying fingerling potatoes were nice and buttery, with a touch of mustard. Yum.Con 1: LOUD music. It was an acoustic band that was playing on the Wednesday night we went, but my husband and I practically had to yell across the table in order to have a conversation. Not pleasant. Con 2: Service was spotty. It took about 15 minutes for a server to come over and take our order after we were seated; we were seriously considering walking out when the server finally arrived. Glasses were never refilled. i'd actually rate this place 3.5 stars due to the service, but since Yelp doesn't allow half stars, I'm rounding up.Thumbs up!
3	Dishes are above average.  No complaints.
4	Cool vibe at this Old Port spot specializing in beef. An eclectic DJ spins 80s-ish tracks.The oysters were some of the best I've had in a while, nice and briney. The carpaccio was fine, served with a tasty ceasar salad.The signature burger is wet aged for 30 days and had a slight cured taste. I didn't like the soft bun though. The poutine was awesome! The gravy makes this dish and theirs was spot on.
2	Such a great decor and vibe....that gets soiled by bad food. Had a steak that wasn't marinated evenly. Fries are served with Hellman's Mayonnaise...at this price is homemade mayonnaise too much to ask? Service was ok considering we were a large group but they didn't bother to offer us coffee or dessert. It's really too bad because this restaurant has everything to succeed but the menu needs a complete upgrade, and so does the food.
3	My review needs to be read when considering the conditions. I was here on New Year's Eve, along with about 14 others, as part of a large-party reservation. As a result we had a limited menu, and the music was very loud - but both of those were to be expected, considering the time and the night.I'll start with service, because it's nearest and dearest to my heart as a life-long server. Service was great, bordering on wonderful, considering the challenge of our table. The orders were taken when we wanted and the drinks were always full. When my brother tried (twice!) without success to get a beer he wanted from the server - the first time the keg was dry, the second time the server recommended one he didn't like - she apologized with a round of shots for the entire table! Woah! Very impressive! A couple of minor mods were missed (eg: burger came with mustard that was asked to be excluded) but nothing heart-breaking.The food itself was quite good, but not worth the price tag of $60.00 for the fixed price table d'hote. Again, I understand that since it's NYE there's a certain premium to be paid. That said, the only part of the meal that was full-value was the appetizer. The foie gras was divine. The burger I had was ok - nothing I'll remember, sadly. It was a bit on the small side, and the fries that came with were nothing special... just fries. And the dessert - a stack of three macaroons - was WAY too sweet. I can't imagine most people enjoying it unless they had a career as Willy Wonka's tester in their back pocket.Ultimately, the price felt high for the food that we received, and while the food wasn't bad - it was probably overpriced by a fair bit, even recognizing the unique circumstances of the night.All said, I probably wouldn't come back - but I also wouldn't slag it seriously to a friend. It's about as evenly neutral a memory as one can have.
4	I've eaten here a few times.  The steak is delicious, beer can chicken is excellent and quite the sight!Very cool vibe.  The DJ is also a sight to see, I won't spoil it.
4	Mechant Boeuf is one of those resto-bars that will morph into whatever you like. If you're in jeans and a sweater, you can treat it as a place to get a tasty burger and chill. If you're in a suit, the decor gets outright glitzy near the bar and far wall so you feel like you're in a trendy supper club. On a date, with friends, whatever, Mechant Boeuf seems to fit the bill.The service is typically average, and the food is actually really good - I've been a dozen times and always found it to be delicious, albeit not the most adventurous menu. In any case, I don't think the point was to experiment too much, just get the basics across (good burgers etc) without too much fuss in a beautiful setting. Works well!
4	Just awesome!OK, the name means "Mad Beef'. We went there around 6 pm and the place filled up quickly. The food was very good and the service was excellent. I had the steak tartar and grilled tuna. Both were quite good.Loved the Janis Joplin cover band. They played some Norah Jones which was refreshing.Overall, this is a nice trendy place. It will get crowded fast and the whole point is to go with the flow and enjoy the crowd & vibe
5	I love this place, aided significantly by the fact that raw bar chef Jason Nagy served as both purveyor of fine shell fishies, and  generally as a kick ass guide  / friend in Montreal. Mix that with resounding hospitality from the bar staff (Sabrina in particular) and this restaurant saw ample of my time and dollars during my four day business jaunt through the city.Steaks are fabulous, and actually a strong value compared against chain beef merchants (Ruth Chris, Morton's etc). I will also go on record as saying that the poutin is worth dying for; which is good, because if you ate it regularly, you'd die. I would recommend a smattering of apps (include the tartar) the raw bar especially during happy hour and lots of booze.  Make it during a happy hour, if for no other reason than to peep the DJ....and i dont mean his musical set.Exceptionally cool, delicious and perfectly located.
3	Merchant Boeuf is a fun place with good cocktails and a mix of good live music or dj's. I always have a fun time here, unfortunately the food is really inconsistent. Have eaten there three times - first time good, second time bad, third time average. It is also slightly overpriced, but so are many places in the neighborhood.I am torn on this place though because I really do like the atmosphere, music, staff and cocktails. Go for a good 5 a 7, stay for some music, and if you need something to nibble on go for a noncommittal appetizer and save dinner for later. One recommendation would be the tartare sampler which I actually liked. Stay away from the raw bar.... not a disaster, just not at all tasty.
2	Service was pretty good, bar service too..Ordered the rib steak, and it was cooked to my liking, but NO TASTE.  I'm betting they took it straight out of the freezer and onto the grill without letting it rest.. that's just my armature assumption, but as a big steak lover I can say I've had MUCH better elsewhere and even on my own grill.  Maybe in the future if I go back I'll try my luck with the burger.As for atmosphere it seemed nice and the bar looks like a good spot to have your meal.  The location is well situated in the old port.
4	Been to Mechant Boeuf a few times for birthday celebrations, and for small gatherings.  So I have seen the service for both very large groups (25 people!?!) and for small (4 people).The place is always packed, so its important to call ahead.The service has been mostly adequate with a couple mishaps that weren't too obtrusive to the overall dining experience.The food is not bad...I have always gotten the Mechant Burger (hope you like gruyere) when I go and it usually doesn't disappoint.The atmosphere is very trendy and the crowd usually reflects that.  There is a DJ who plays an eclectic mix of music (he is sporting a gigantic beard now).It's a great place to celebrate something or to have a romantic meal.
2	Salt, salt, my kingdom for some salt. Is this a contest to see how damn bland you can make a meal? Then we had to ask the waiter for salt and apparently he disappeared as he hunted down for the elusive salt that the chef apparently won't use. The fries were awful, greasy and a mess and the onion soup must have been flavoured with bitters.
4	Very good poutine and burger.  My boyfriend and I had the Mechant Burger and boy were we glad we did.  Hefty and full of flavour with a side of poutine with pulled pork and melted curds.  It was overkill and I saw my boyfriend weave in his chair a bit from eating too much.  The burger patty was packed with meat but it still held its shape throughout the meal.  As for the vibe it was a bit crowded and the servers were a little overworked but they were as attentive as they can be.  They had a DJ spinning but the tunes were good for a sexy meal on Saturday night.  Will come back here again for drinks at the bar and get gussied up to stay and enjoy the evening crowd.  But we were happy to drink our wine and pat our full stomachs back to the hotel.
5	DON'T FORGET TO MAKE A RESERVATION! Oysters, beef tartar, shrimp ceviche, a dirty martini and an awesome/eccentric dj! I don't normally eat in old Montreal but this place has a great local vibe. Food was really amazing, and I had force myself to eat slowly so I could enjoy it longer!
3	The food was better than I expected. I'll give it that. This is one of those places confused as to whether it is a club or a restaurant. We saw a few of them in Montreal and it looked like it is the new trend. Personally, I'd prefer to have my clubbing separate from dinner, but whatever.We were starving and wandered in here because I wanted some beef flesh and the place calls itself the beef merchant. The atmosphere was blah, with loud music, disinterested bartenders, and clubby decor.But the food was good. I had the equivalent of steak frites although they don't call it steak frites. Much better than I would expect from this place. The sauce was a red wine reduction served with pearl onions that popped with flavor in your mouth.So it you like the club/restaurant scene, you might enjoy this place. Not my thing.
4	I've been to Mechant Boeuf a few times, and it really depends on what you go there for that makes or breaks your night. If you go there for predrinks with a few friends and perhaps a small bite to eat, you'll be good. Being a packed and loud place, it's not so good for first dates or any type of meetup that would require much conversation. The atmosphere is very trendy and the restaurant is often full, so make a reservation beforehand. As for the food, I've enjoyed their crab cakes, fried calamari MB style, and stack of goat cheese and roasted beets. However, when I tried their beef hanger, I wasn't very satisfied, I found it was a bit chewy and had to be cut into small pieces so I wouldn't choke... still ate it, but 'meh' would truly capture my lack of excitement over it. I'd be really interested in sharing their roasted chicken on a beer can next time I go, it's a great spin on chicken that I have never seen elsewhere.
4	Highly reco! Staff was super friendly and DJ music was surprisingly good. Ambience was more of a higher end bar than a club. Crowd was of varying ages.We had the salmon and filet mignon both were fantastic! Their carpaccio was out app and that was yummy too!All in all a great experience I would recommend this place to anyone
4	Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a great time. Definitely go in expecting it to be loud enough to disrupt conversations. If that's not your thing - find a different place to go. But it was a really cool vibe, from the music to the soft red uplighting... definitely a fun place to be. And it was pretty packed. We all tried different varieties of the tartare, and they were all good, but the salmon was my favorite by far. One other member of our party also had the shrimp tempura, which I didn't get to taste but it looked super fun and delicious - served kind of like shrimp lollipops stuck in a wooden block!Drinks here were REALLY yummy... but definitely on the pricey side. I've heard the raspberry mojito is the best, but unfortunately they were out of raspberry when I visited so I had the strawberry. Also pretty tasty, so I'm not even sure I would've preferred raspberry! I also give this place props for the multiple-sized glasses of wine. You get your choice of 5oz or 8oz - pretty nice so you don't have to keep ordering more if you just want a bigger one to begin with. Savings cost-wise are negligible, but it was still right up my alley. To conclude, I'll give this place major props for customer service. We had the owner come by not only to check on how we were doing, but also to deliver my friend's birthday cake personally. Really nice guy. Our service was also pretty good, and we got a couple rounds of comped shots. And everyone spoke English as well as French, which was a nice bonus for me, the lone English speaker in my group :)You will definitely have a good time at Mechant Boeuf!!
4	This place is a great example of what a trendy old Montreal bar should be. Packed with lawyers, artists, and IT professionals, the menu is more upscale than a normal bar yet are the only place I know that does beer can chicken. If you have an out of town visitor or client wanting an Old Montreal experience, this is a great place for dinner and drinks.
4	Came here for dinner recently during a visit to Montreal. Ordered the New York steak with gorgonzola sauce and the half lobster and a glass of the house Cabernet. My meal was fantastic. The service was great, the staff was attentive and friendly, the vibe was very cozy and nice and the atmosphere was upscale and trendy... the illuminated bar changed hues gradually... etc. Dinner was on the pricey side but well worth it. Would definitely return.
2	So I decided to check out this place after hearing a couple good things about it. It's in a nice location situated on St-Paul Ouest attatched to Hotel Nelligan. The ambiance is trendy with most of the people dressed in a business casual attire. A quick google search will show you that the interior is nicely lit wit warm coloured accents on the wall and a very modern decor overall.The staff was very kind and served us very quickly, immediately clearing a table of two for me and my girlfriend as we walked in. The wait staff was very attentive and came multiple times to see if we were ready, so quick that I wasn't even able to get a good look at the menu haha. Great service overall.Now the food, I ordered the mechant burger and my girlfriend got the vege burger. The two burgers were accompanied with the braised pork poutine. Unfortunately we were pretty disappointed with all three, my burger was on the dry side and many of the flavors did not really jump out leaving me with just the crunch from the bacon. As for my girlfriend the vege burger tasted more like warm bread than anything. With all the different ingredients in the vege burger much more was expected than the final taste you get from it. The poutine was pretty typical.Nice place, gets loud at times, chairs are low (and I'm 6'2) also not the most comfortable had to stretch forward to much.Would Possible give it another try but order something else on the menu.Cheers.
3	Atmosphere is nice but food is not so good especially at $20+ a plate. I ordered the 3 sliders at $21 and they were super dry and bland tasting. The description on the menu sounded great but it lacked sauce and taste.
4	Great dinner.  Went last night, food was great, wine was great, service was excellent and attentive.  Ambiance was perfect for our dinner party of 4.  Everyone enjoyed it.
4	I'm only basing this on apps and drinks, but it was good enough for me to consider returning. We walked in w/o a reservation, but it was early so had no problem getting a table for two. Their 5 - 7 specials are good: a large glass of wine for the price of a small, as well as beer and cocktail specials. The salmon tartare is AMAZING. The best I've ever had, and I'm a tartare whore. The bison is also excellent; the beef is ok.
3	If i had rated on the first visit I would have probably gave it 4 stars, but I went twice !On a week day evening it's quieter and they have live music, the food was great the service awesome,But on a Sunday night things where less perfect, the food was o.k. but my new york 14 oz Pittsburgh cook medium rare was dryish inside, I think it's more for the piece of meat itself that the cooking that was done perfectly. But overall it was the proximity of the tables and loud customers that ruined it.feel the place is more appropriate for groups than couples.
4	Had dinner and drinks at this cool place.  the setting is in old montreal but far away from the tourist traps that line the cobblestone street by the river.  The bar is red and glows while a resident DJ spins ambient techno. The vibe is sexy without stuffiness.  The food is very good. After 11 pm, there is a late night menu. For 23$ CAD, you can get 2 cutting boards full of BBQ ribs, beef brisket, and chicken breast. Well worth the wait.
3	Location: In the Old Port on St. Paul Ouest, right across from Dolcetto. Subway: Place d'Armes. If you drive in - good luck finding parking. Service: Pretty darn good! Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the host and offered a mandatory, but free coat check (that's a rarity). There was no fuss in getting a table on the bar side of this small resto-bar. I had barely sat down when the bartender appeared before me ready to take my order (again, a rarity!). Since my date was occupied, I asked the friendly bartender turned waiter, to come back since I didn't know what said date wanted to drink. A waitress took his place a few minutes later and wasted no time in taking our order. That said, she wasn't overly friendly and I felt a little attitude. Meh. That said, throughout the evening, wait staff frequently checked in on us, and the manager stopped by to say hello. I was rather impressed with all of this attention!Decor/People/Vibe: Pretty cool. Lots of red, dim lighting and a waterfall wall at the back. The vibe was good, though it's a pretty young crowd. For those of you who have issues with hipsters, there seemed to be a hipster convention when I was there so be warned! It was very loud, so not the ideal place if you're looking to have a conversation or go on a first date. There's a DJ from Thursday to Saturday, and I really liked his set - mainly electronic.I didn't eat there so can't comment on the food other than to say that what I saw pass by didn't look too impressive. I'll have to try it out and update my review at a later date.
4	I really enjoyed my experience here...great surroundings, good service and great food.  I had a shortrib plate with mashed potatoes and everything was very good.  The beef was tender and full of flavor and the potatoes were rich and buttery.This place is worth a visit!
5	Mm mm mmm!! This place is awesome! I've been hearing about Mechant Boeuf for years now, and finally made reservations last Friday for the hub and I. After reading many mixed reviews, I prepared my mind to expect sub-par service, however this couldn't have been further from the truth. Upon arriving, we checked our coats in (free), and were led to our table near the front window. Cool music and red dim lights definitely set the vibe for a modern and funky night ahead of us. Our hostess was very nice and was there within minutes to take our drink order. Soon thereafter, we received our drinks which were super strong and quite large, and placed our food order. We both went for different cuts of steak with the crispy shrimp to share as an appetizer.The presentation of the shrimp was great (sort of like lollipops that stuck out of a board) and the taste was even better with and without the honey garlic sauce on the side. Then came another round of different drinks which were just as good as the first, and finally our main dishes. It's funny, but many places are capable of messing up simple steak and potatoes, but those places most definitely do not include Mechant Boeuf.  My sirloin was immpecably cooked, super tender, and full of flavor. Not to mention the phenomenal cheesy mashed potatoes that came on the side. The hub also loved his steak, and his fries were super yummy (of course I had to steal a few...ok maybe 10...:p).All in all a great experience for a super fair price. We will absolutely be back!
4	Absolutely amazing poutine!!  The vibe was overly trendy and posh, even for a girl from NYC.  Food and drinks were excellent, decent service.  Be sure to make a reservation, as the host/hostess assured us there was no available seating without one.
4	Went there this evening with coworkers for dinner. Establishment was not too busy as we arrived and we were promptly seated in an area of our choosing (not immediately next to the live music, which from where we were seated was actually pretty pleasant). Service was prompt and courteous throughout the evening, the drink orders were fulfilled quickly and without issue and the food came out fairly quickly as well. A bison tartare was shared as an appetizer which was tasty. I had the salmon with green beans and quinoa which was very enjoyable and not overly pricey either. Overall, a good experience that I would recommend.
2	I had the pork ribs.  It was ok.  It was cooked well, the flavor wasn't amazing and the sauce was an interesting bbq and whiskey flavor.  Enough said.  I'm sure there's better restaurants around.   The wait was fast but the food took forever to come out.
4	Came here for a late dinner and to catch up with a friend around 10 and it was paaaaacked. It was also F1 weekend so it was to be expected. The first thing I noticed about this place was the wicked throwback music. I haven't heard Sisqo and 112 in the same set since I was an awkward high school kid trying to keep up the cool kids. Despite the sick tunes, it was also extremely loud. It felt like I was at the club trying to yell across the table. Not sure if it's always like this or because we showed up late for dinner and foolishly tried to have a sit-down meal. The food itself was great and served in very generous portions. Definitely a guy's kind of restaurant. I had the Mechant burger (served medium rare) and it was THICK and juicy. Definitely worth the price of admission. It was also served with a tangy and spicy sauce and a dump truck load of fries. My friend got the salmon and quinoa which also looked amazing. The ambience was really peppy and I could totally see this place as a good joint to grab a few friends, drink, talk, and dance like awkward teenagers! All within the coziness of the Old Port.
5	Came here for dinner and dancing with my mom on our first night in Montreal (a Thursday night, which seems to be the big night for this place). We arrived late in the evening and had a reservation for 10:30 PM. While the food and service was delicious (we shared the ceasar salad and hanger steak- the portions are huge!), our favorite part about this spot was the DJ playing awesome tunes and the dancing. Between 11 and midnight it turns into a huge dance party to oldies tunes mixed with today's hits. If you are looking for a delicious meal and a fun dance party on a Thursday night, I definitely recommend this place!
3	great decor and atmosphere, the red lighting gave it some what of a supper club feel. The live band was not my cup of tea though, i think they play every evening. Its really too noisy if you sit close to the little stage. We started off with 12 oysters which tasted really good and briny, don't remember where they came from though. Followed with the fried calmari, we both enjoyed it. And as a main i had filet mignon and added grilled shrimp. The shrimp was flavourful and had a type of cajun seasoning to it. The food was pretty good, not the best steak I've ever had but it passed. I give it 3 stars because i feel the steak should have tasted better, asides from that everything was on point.
4	Such a vibrant scene! We were looking for an upscale meal in Old Town, and our concierge recommended Mechant Boeuf. After cabbing it to the restaurant, we checked in our reservation and got a great table.We started with some of the best calamari I've ever had. We also had the fried chicken and a Caesar salad. Everything was really delicious.In terms of wine, we got reds--V Kim Crawford and V. Parfait. So good we had it twice! Overall a great restaurant!
5	By far the best meal I ever had! Perfect food and really nice service. It's a bit expensive, but worth the price.
5	My husband and I arrived without reservations on a busy night last week and were seated promptly in the bar, which was fine because it is a nice open area. The music was great ( 70s, 80s, 90s hits) and we glanced around to see a wide mix of young professionals and even couples with infants. We are in our 60s but could tell we'd would enjoy the vibe. In the hands of our gorgeous waitress/bartender (a statuesque brunette), we started with drinks and impeccable  fresh oysters, continued with a fresh and ample caeser salad with perfectly grilled shrimp and ended with a foie gras platter, sharing everything along the way. Our waitress dazzled us with her friendly professional manner and generosity. If anyone had told us we would wind up doing vodka shots with her by the end of the evening, I would not have believed them, but somehow it happened. This unexpected night at an unassuming place just down the street from our hotel turned out to be one of the happiest we had on our weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Thank you, Merchant Boeuf Bar!
3	Great service, local beers, and burgers. Skip the Skinny Burger and splurge on the real deal - the Mechant burger was superior!
4	It was around 10:30 pm on a cold December night we were looking for a place to eat in Old Montreal. It being a Wednesday night - most places were closed. Connected to the Hotel Nelligan on Rue St Paul, this bar/restaurant was a last minute effort to satisfy our hunger pangs. We weren't sure what to expect - but we enjoyed our late night snack here. Atmosphere was nice - they had a pair of acoustic guitarists covering well known American songs. It was nice to have the background music. Though the carried burgers and steaks, we had already eaten dinner earlier so we decided to share four appetizers. We totally ordered too much. The portions are large! The calamari was tender and the sauce was nice. The outside breading was soft but we prefer ours a little more crispy. It was accompanied by a small salad in the same basket. The mini burgers (2) were well seasoned and the bun was buttery and crispy. It too was accompanied by a small medley of greens. Tasty!The French Onion soup was huge. I was expecting a small cup but received a medium sized bowl. The flavors were nice and the cheese was baked perfectly on top. It leaned a little saltier than I like it but overall it was enjoyable. My highlight was the Charlevoix Poutine with braised pork. It was well put together. The fries were crispy.. The gravy and the braised pork complimented the cheese curds well. It was my first taste of Poutine so I don't have anything else to compare it to. However, I would certainly have it again!The service was nice too. We walked in and were seated right away. Our waiter was very friendly and stopped to check on us throughout our late night meal. Nice place to enjoy a few drinks and watch people on the street.
3	The settingThe food was ok.  For a place with beef in the name, I expected a better steak. and the calamari entree was, again, just ok.  For the old port, I guess its reasonably priced, and the service was really good.  just wish the food was a bit better.  I would go back for drinks, which they have a pretty good selection of local beers, and good wines, and maybe a quick bite, not for a full blown dinner.
5	Going on a double date wondering the streets of old Montreal figuring a place to eat we came to the conclusion that their menu suited us best. We entered the place expecting the price tag attached to it so our bill came to us with no surprise. The vibe, music and service was excellent! We ordered steaks and mash potatoes. This was without   A doubt the best meal I have ever eaten. The food took a while to come but it was being prepared carefully and deliciously in the kitchen. We got drinks as well and the Meloncita was delicious! To end the night we tried the brownie and cheesecake. Oh my goodness were they an amazing top off to an amazing meal. I would highly highly recommend this place to anyone in old Montreal! --- not more than 10ppl cause the menu changes.
