5	I cannot believe I am about to say this:AIRPORT FOOD IS GOOD.For any of you who eat in airports on a regular basis, you've surely come to accept the fact that airport food just sucks.  It doesn't matter how much you spend:  the bread is stale or soggy, meats are dry and tasteless, and forget fresh veggies and fruits of any quality.I was just shocked when I visited the Roadhouse at Sky Harbor recently.  I had an hour before my flight so I ordered a Stella Artois and a french dip.  I wish I'd had a camera to catch my expression when I bit into my sandwich.  The bread was soft and warm.  The meat was tender and tasty.  The cheese was really good; no joke this was real cheese.  And HOT au jus?  OMFG I almost freaked out it was so good!  I couldn't wait to tell my server how pleasantly surprised I was.  She kinda laughed at me and said they get compliments on their food all the time.  AT AN AIRPORT?  Folks, this is the best kept secret at Sky Harbor.  I will make it a point to go out of my way to eat there in the future, even if my gate is in another termial!!This place is in the low B gates - try it and you won't regret it!
3	it was a decent place to grab a drink... i did have the french dip on one occasion but didn't find it as impressive...the breakfast quesadilla was alright... the service earned them an extra star...
1	BLARK! The red pepper chicken sandwich I had was disgusting.  No choice of a side, you get a pile of kettle chips.  Food tasted microwaved and if I remember right it came on a styrofoam plate; I couldn't finish it.  I sat at the bar, and although my bartender was nice, going here is like being in an episode of Jersey Shore...the loud conversations going on between the servers and bartenders were annoying and stupid.  The drunk people across the way were really annoying too, but the servers ate it up.  This place is the trailer park of the airport.
3	I recently spent a few hours in purgatory at the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport. Layovers can be a real bitch sometimes, so as a cure for the hang-time malaise, I decided to stop in to this little bar for some self-medication (aka overpriced beer). Having recently been totally burned by the food at the HMS Host run Fox Sky Bar in the A-terminal of Sky Harbor a mere 2 days prior, I was smart enough to not order food off of this menu. From what I saw delivered around me, it was the same pre-packaged, reheated and served on a plastic plate crap that they have going at Fox Sports Sky Bar. What they do have, though is overpriced beer and cheap shots. What they also have is one on-top-of-everything server with an insanely amazing attitude. The guy was run ragged but he had only a smile on his face, a hustle in his step, and a slick salesman quality that helped him entice me in to not just a regular beer, but a big one (hey, it's only $1.5 more!) and why not add on a shot of crown for only $3? What is this, Friday night in the college bars? Did I just have 2 beers and a shot of crown for dinner? Did a server in an airport bar make me smile and laugh out loud with his witty banter with neighboring customers? All of the above. 1 star for the prices, less than that for the food offerings, but many stars for this guy. He made my 2.5 hours in Sky Harbor that much more bearable.
1	First off, the staff is great.  I completely agree with the other reviews on this and feel sorry they have to deal with the poor quality of food there.  Don't eat breakfast here!  The "omelet" is not really an omelet.  On the menu it states diced ham loaded with melted cheddar cheese.  Hence my surprise when I received a slice of ham with an egg amalgamatiion wrapped around it on which melted cheese had been dropped on.  I decided to send that back and try the scrambled eggs instead.  The eggs were nearly inedible and looking around I saw many plates with barely touched eggs.  The "seasoned" potatoes were edible, however I would debate the seasoned part as they were completely bland.On the plus side, the side of fruit was fresh and tasty and as stated before the service was excellent.I would avoid this place like the plague-- at least for breakfast.
2	I feel bad for the servers here. The restaurant  is severely unstaffed and it definitely impacts the quality of service. Let me break it down this way:Waiting, at the table, for my server: 15 minsWaiting for a glass of water: 15 minsWaiting for my food (Chicken sandwich): 45 minWaiting for my check: 10 minTotal ordeal: 1 hour 25 min for a chicken sandwich and a glass of water. No good.Thankfully, I had time. The server was nice, but she was awfully busy running around cleaning up other tables, serving food, and refilling people's drinks.The entire restaurant had 2 servers, and there are about 30 tables total.  That's no way to do business. I blame management on this one.
2	Quesadilla was cold! Not very pleased... But the drinks look good, if u wanna pay 12-15$ for a bloody Mary :(
1	Regrefully, few choices for dining at Terminal B Phoenix airport, so reviewed the menu at Arizona Roadhouse and selected a salad as a tasty and healthy choice. Horrible!!! Why did it come to the table so quickly? Probably because it was premade the stale, bland, tasteless way that it tasted. I did not expect gourmet, but then I didn't expect something to taste like a day old salad prepackaged for a B rate super market to grab a healthy lunch to go to eat at work.  Just horrible! Wait service wasn't as bad, but pretty inattentive and indifferent...and no, unlike some of the reviews, there seemed to be ample wait staff on hand. I saw another customer order a salad to go, and it was hard to resist the temptation to warn her. I later chatted with her at the gate, and she had the same reaction to her salad, but threw hers away. I asked the wait person if they had a form for customer satisfaction survey. He said they did not, but I could go online. Well now I have.
1	Hate this airport & the limited food options are a big reason why. This place managed to screw up a quesadilla. Which is basically a Mexican Grilled Cheese. Wings are terrible too. Food tastes like it was taken out of a box & cooked in a microwave. The worst part is it's practically the only game in town. Pray for a short layover.
1	The blood Mary was ok, but the bar tender didn't get the memo about "the friendliest airport"!  Sorry we gave you any biz!
2	When eating at any airport, it is very rare that most people are blown away.  Rightfully, I didn't have high hopes for this place either.Self-seating, sticky floors, grimy menus and limited options.  They have more beer selections than they do food.  I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwhich.  The flavors on the meat were good but the kaiser roll was so mushy, I had to eat the sandwhich with a fork and knife.  They add kettle chips to the plate but they were so crushed, I really only could grab a couple whole ones.Service was just 'meh' as well.  I saw my waitress when she came to take my order, drop off my food (which was quick BTW) and when she came to bring the check.  She never came back in between to check on me.  She did with folks who had alcohol but I guess that was because it meant a potential larger tip for her...
1	Is 0 stars an option? This is the most disgusting eating establishment ever. Caesar salad was browned iceberg lettuce topped with two packets of Ken's caesar dressing (in the packets), a bag of something remotely resembling croutons, a lump of cubed boiled and still frozen chicken, and a plastic bag containing plastic utensils. Then all of that was covered with a cracker as big as the plate. Did I mention it took 15 minutes to get a glass of water? I know, I give the star for my waitress who washed her hands.
2	Pretty weak, got the pork sandwich with chips, sad when the highlight if the meal is the pickle. Bread was ok, but the meat "pulled" pork was basically meat paste. Could put it in a tube and take to the moon with you!
1	If I could give it a zero rating I would. We ordered a Dutch Mary (Bloody Mary with Ketel One), they put one ounce, yes one ounce of Ketel One in a 16 ounce glass filled with tomato juice. Total rip off, I suggest you frequent another bar.
3	The wings are good and sweet and the strawberry margaritas are excellent!  The service was very good but it has a limited menu.
3	three stars just because we had a good waitress.everything we ordered must have been microwaved.eck!
1	Ok, so I spend a lot of time at Sky Harbor.   I mean a *lot* of time.  I can pretty much close my eyes and sing verbatim that silly "Welcome to SKKKKKYYY HARRRBOURRRR" announcement in my sleep.  I have a favorite stall in the ladies' loo on the A concourse (fourth one from the left... the hook is great for heavy bags).  The funky carpet with the planes crashing into one another?  Yeah it's burned into my retina.  The TSA agents not only recognize my face on my license, but always comment on my cute shoes (and overlook the sparkly undergarments) when I go through the body scanner thingy at security.   True, it's small and trivial, but makes me smile (I know, I know... I don't get out much).So you'd think I'd know by now not to eat on the concourse, but... well, hell.  It's late, and no surprise I find myself dashing through the gates yet again tonight, trying and failing miserably to make my Flagstaff connection (damn you, Dash 8! I see you laughing at me from the B1 gate through the window).  So now I have a hour to kill in the B concourse before I try to make the next flight.  Whatever shall a girl to do?  Follow the signs to adult beverages, of course.   Out of desperation, I head to the "Roadhouse 66 Cafe" (the only option for adult beverages within a 20-gate radius).  I'm met by garish neon lights and thumping sounds from the eighties that should've frankly stayed in the eighties.  How many times can you listen to the remix of "Send Me An Angel" without  wanting to vomit, anyway?  In case your emesis wasn't complete from the music, cue the menu.  Great diet plan.  Luke warm salad, unidentifiable chunks turned within, um... is that a friggin' *HAIR* on my plate?  Oh crap on a cracker, I think the hummus just meowed at me.  Dear Lord, what fresh hell is this?After 30 horrible minutes of sitting here waiting for my check and to get the hell out of here, I can't possibly describe the torture, save to say I only have these sad conclusions.  My stomach is heaving, my wallet wailing, and if I have to hear Amanda and Michelle the waitresses go over the latest drama involving some guy name Peter (a chef who's name belies his forum decorum apparently, not to be crude) one more time, I am going to stab myself in the eye with a plastic fork.Even the employees are refering other people to "Bar Fly" down the concourse.  I still don'tt have my check, but my head is filled with a horrible remix to "Rock Me Amadeus." Doesn't the Geneva Convention apply here somewhere?  Can anyone save me from this hell??  PLEASE??
2	Successfully blending the idea of bar food and airline food into one very disappointing meal. A poor choice for breakfast due to mealy/watery eggs, cold potatoes and bland salsa. Even the grapefruit juice lacked flavor.
1	Gross! Gross! Gross! Gross! Gross!. Need I say more? How how HOOOWWW do you ruin chicken nachos?!?!?! I mean, if that isnt the EASIEST appetizer to make, then I dont know WHAT is. They were cold but the cheese was burnt. WTF?? The chips were stale and overly disgusting. Needless to say, I told the "waitress" that I just could NOT eat them and she took them off my bill. I wound up paying about 4 bucks for a glass of coke. -_- And to top it all off, the customer service was non-existent. Never AGAIN. Save yourself the horrible experience and just visit the express Pizza Hut or Burger King across the way. BLAH!!
1	Please go somewhere elseOverpriced
1	This is not a real restaurant!  They use a microwave and a toaster.  Do not...I repeat do not eat here for breakfast.  They use artificial eggs that are disgusting, stale bread to make toast a and day old potatoes and dry old bacon.  Even the waitress agreed and took the food off of the bill.  Go any where else to get food!  Seriously!
