4	Sparklefest and color wonderland!  Charming Charlie already took over Town Square and Tivoli Village, and it has finally landed in The District.  In the old Talbot's location right near the center of the shopping area is a gleaming, well-lit Charming Charlie!  The old dressing room area was knocked down and the use of space is impressive.  There are so many affordable options for a lady going out on the town.  Dresses, shoes, accessories are just the tip of the iceberg.  Come in for necklaces, earrings, rings, bracelets, barrettes, hair clips, clutches...anything you could possibly need to accessorize your outfit.  Forgot to get a gold necklace with blue stones?  Charming Charlie has it!  The store is color coded for easy hunting.  It is a positive sign that such a popular store has opened in the struggling area.
2	This store has such a great selection of colors and styles..sadly the quality is very cheap. I've bought a handful of accessories from here only to have them fall sorry or lose gems/peices after just a few uses. It's kind of like a huge Forever 21 accessory section . Won't be spending my money here again.
4	This store is cute.I love bling, and lots of it.The store is for the most part, color coordinated, and jam packed with merchandise.The sales associates didn't bother us much, but did ask us how we were doing, and then checked up on us a little while later.Decent prices, some cute, some ugly stuff.
4	Checked out this store yesterday and it was cute and cheap.The display of colorful handbags caught my eye, so my friend and I went inside to take a look.Everything is color coordinated, there are handbags with rhinestones and studs in cute displays.They had everything from clothes, handbags, wristlets, cellphone covers and cases and costume jewelry displayed everywhere.It's probably really popular with the teen and pre-teen set.I didn't buy anything this time, but next time would probably buy a handbag or wristlet!
4	I used to work at Nordys and I had a customer that always raved about this place but we don't have any in my home state, so when I visited Vegas I had to go and I wasn't disappointed!This place is so cute, clean, and happy looking! It's a color coordinated and posh accessory shop that's also really cheap and fun. The store is so shoppable and easy to navigate through (thank goodness since most accessory shops are a tad messy from all the little items) and each color family is set up similarly to eachother. All watches together, rings, handbags, etc... It was so refreshing to beable to walk in and see such styled organization!I got my friend parts of her birthday present here and the bracelet cuff was only 13.00 and the perfume roller ball was also only 13.00. It is all inexpensive and cute.The only reason I gave 4 stars over 5 is because almost all the rings were size 8 or 7. They barely had sizing. Also, the horoscope collection didn't have any Taurus or Virgo or Cancer in the styles I was looking for :(
5	I LOVED the handbags and watches here. They were outrageously inexpensive. I was picking up bags that were priced at $25-39 here that I could have easily found at Dillard's, or even Kohl's for $60+. Some of the jewelry was gaudy, but they truly have something to match any outfit or occasion.  I showed up in sweats, and looking sort of scrubby, so I appreciate that the employees weren't following me around the store! One woman greeted and said they do not work on commission so they wouldn't be hassling me the entire time (another reason why I'll be back). Definitely worth checking out. Don't be fooled by the location. I walked out with a great scarf for $5.
4	Every girls dream closet is charming Charlie! Color coordinated with jewelry,bags, wallets, and scarves. The only downside is that the bags are super cheap in material but pretty expensive. The pleather is tacky looking on bags and is really flimsy. The price is around 35-45 dollars for medium sized bags and 20-30 for smaller ones. Too expensive for my book. I can find a better quality pleather bag for the same price at forever21. Just stick to the jewelry and the sunglasses because they always have amazing deals!! If you ever need a statement piece for any occasion, you will not walk out empty handed.
