4	I like to buy local even if prices are sometimes a little higher because at least I know some of that money will stay to help the local economy.  This is a nice store with everything I need.  It's just a mile or so up the road from me. Watch the ads and you can find some great deals!  So buy local and help the community.  Bashas has been around for something like 40 years in Arizona.  Let's keep supporting them!
5	I love Bashas donuts and Friday is buy a dozen get 6 free.  Now in my office we do not need 18 donuts, there is only 2 of us...but I love their custard filled aka Boston Creme donuts..Yum Yum...and they are sooo good.Let face it, who wants a donut with a little creme filling? Well you do not have to worry about getting only a little dollop.  These donut will not leave you disappointed!
3	Not bad for a store.
1	Don't ever buy the HD and B&J ice cream there. It was so expensive if compare to Traget. Not going back for sure.
4	Personally I'm not exactly a fan of the prices here most of the time. Only thing i go to this store for is for the family specials in the deli with their large pizza and it comes with bread sticks/ a bag of salary/ wings and sometimes their pork shoulders to make pulled pork with. The pizza here is the one thing you can rely on me to go to bashas for because it worth every penny. they used to have an awesome deal on the family special until recently they charged me 16.99 for the "deal" i will now only stick with the pasta until they bring back the "deal" before unless one girl working at the deli counter wants to continue to rip me off. One guy knows my bf and I to come for that deal so hopefully he gives us some insight as to what the hell is going on with our beloved Family special.
3	Basha's is a decent grocery.  Locally owned (as opposed to a national chain).  Decent produce, decent meat.  There's nothing really special about the place.  But the employees are generally friendly and helpful.We tend to go where the sales are.  No allegiance to any specific store.  Basha's sometimes has really good sales, and sometimes not.  Just watch for the ads in the mail.This particular location has a Chinese restaurant in it.  It's the only one I know of that does.  The food there isn't bad (though we did not have any on this visit).  Not great, but not bad.
3	I don't often get excited about grocery stores.  This one is no exception.  It's a decent store with cool staff.  The pricing is wildly varied though.  Some items are priced to move, beating both Frys and Sprouts by a fair deal.  Other items are grossly overpriced compared to the Frys and Sprouts in the area.  The selection isn't as good in some areas either.  With that being said, the areas where the prices are good, the cool staff and the locally owned aspect keep me coming back.
4	Always good produce and deli. Meats have always been good
4	Not a big fan of the store layout.  I am a Warner transplant during the closure.  5 STARS:  In the back of store, a cart and sign, Too much to carry take this cart.  Guys like me, in for two items and find twelve more.
2	I feel bad 'cause I know this is a local owned business, it's close to me and I believe has been here since I moved here in '94. Used to be the only store and I never had a problem with it. The employees are great!  Not sure if more selection has raised my awareness or if this place has just degraded in what it offers.Prices vary - all the markets play their games, price this low to get people in, mark other things up to make the profit. But the selection of fresh produce is lacking and the meat is really mediocre. I have shopped AJ's and it appears Eddie Basha is sending all the good stuff there and placing the leftovers here. Never a great selection, overpriced and I have been really disappointed with the beef I've gotten here.Hope they can stay in business but I actually drive a bit out of my way to hit the Fry's as they have a better selection of produce and meat. Not great but better for sure. I go here now only if I'm in dire need of some staple item and am too lazy to drive the extra few miles.
3	Bashas has good food in the cafeteria counter.  My favorite is the Mac & Beef.I don't normally shop at Bashas because it's a bit pricker than the grocery stores.Kudos to Bashas for making sure they have human checkers and not self-serve check out machines.
5	Great breakfast at the deli.  I love the biscuits and gravy with sausage links.  Most employees are very good to the customers.   Manager does a great job with the store.
3	decent place
5	Great store. Clean, friendly service and good prices! Best part is free childcare! Gives you up to 90min to shop kid free! Video monitors are set up around the store so I can keep an eye on the kids.
