5	An excellent Nondenominational Church that does a wonderful job of making you feel welcome.
5	Awesome music and eloquent preaching! One of the best churches in Las Vegas!
5	Grace Point Church is an exciting, innovative,and engaging church in North Las Vegas. They offer a welcoming environment where you can explore what it means to have a relationship with God through Jesus Christ, develop friendships with others in the community, and enjoy an experience that will inspire, encourage, challenge, and motivate you.Grace Point welcomes everyone. They realize people are at different places on their spiritual journey. It's their primary goal to simply help you take the next step on that journey. They provide a "come as you are" environment where skeptics are welcome, questions are encouraged, and growth happens.The dress is casual. The music rocks. The people are friendly. And the message is real to life.I was never a person that had to go to church before now I don't want to miss a Sunday. I also love that they are super involved with the community!! The child care is great everyone that watches the kids are background checked. They have child care for infant to crawling, walking to 2 years, 3-5 years. Then they move up to GP kidz 1st grade to 5th grade, and for your older ones the have GP students during their 11:15 service for 6th -12 grade.
5	I have been attending Grace Point for over 5 years now.  My closest friendships have come from the people I have been blessed to meet there.  A great non-denom church with high-energy music, a relevant message, and a chance to meet other people throughout the week in small groups.Please free Coffee and water every week!! Check it out!!
5	Loved it.  Great preaching and music.  The seats are very comfortable for a school auditorium.  I'd go there again.
4	Pretty good church.  I felt at home attending.  Everyone I met who attended services was pretty laid back and friendly.  I enjoyed attending and would do so again if I'm ever in Vegas.
