5	Best cab service in town, always had one waiting at whatever hotel/casino we were at.
1	I guess this cab company is much more reliable if you are on the strip.As a local, this has been a very frustrating process. Luckily, this trip wasnot a emergency!I waited for a cab for over an hour before trying to contact the dispatcheronce again as recommended by her. She advised me to wait 20 minutesif no one showed up, to call again.I have now clocked 41:38 on hold waiting to speak to the dispatcher and counting.I thought i would write this review while I wait for a cab. Ho hum. : (
1	When I called I was on hold for about 10 minutes when a woman answered and asked what they can do for me. I said I needed a cab & gave the address. She was very rude immediately & told me they needed my name first. I gave her my name, the address, they unit number and the complex code. When she asked for a cross street I told her I didn't know that information. She said they will not come without a cross street. I explained that I am a tourist and am unfamiliar with the streets and she said I can call back whenever I figure it out and hung up. They must not invest in GPSs if they can not find a location without a cross street. My mother works for the local hospital which recommends this company to patients as it is nearby, but she never will again.
5	Had the most honest cab driver last night.  I dropped both my wallet and my phone in the taxi.  When I discovered this and called the phone from my hotel, the driver actually answered it and brought the phone and my wallet to me at the hotel.  I gave him a reward and about 10 hugs.  I know how lucky I am and it feels good to know there are people like this out there.  Checker, you guys are lucky to have one!
1	I recently had a cab hailed for me at a Las Vegas casino. The valet called out for a cabby to show up and this awful looking man showed up in a cab. I told him I needed a ride to the airport and he asked me" "fast way or scenic strip?" ..which right then I knew was suspect. The guy drove up onto the freeway and for some reason the meter was moving faster than if we were just driving on regular roads. I fear there was some mighty suspicious doings here..hmmm..First of all, I asked the valet earlier how much it should cost me to take a cab to the airport, the valet said "about $17 dollars". Well it turned out it cost me almost double that at $30 fucking dollars (without a tip!) and the dirty cabbie was looking at me as if I owed him a tip on top of that! These people are downright horrible. Really are. They're just so dishonest. I can't stand that. WTF?? I can't wait until Lyft starts service around Las Vegas and beyond. It's about time these private services start taking over and pushing these dirty cab drivers out of business. I can't wait for that to happen. I'm sick and tired of being ripped off by cab drivers in their vomit filled cabs. Please Lyft, I hope you are reading this! We need you to decimate the cab industry and start service all over this country!!! Thanks.
1	The guy driving car 3513 was rude, and needs to go back to driver's education. Made turns from the wrong lanes and then flipped me off for honking at him. If this is the type of driver's you employ I will not be recommending your company.
5	Called for pick-up at Musashi's Japanese Steakhouse.  The lady on the phone said that I had a 20 min ETA and to call back if the cab wasn't there in 20.  Cab got there in less than 10 minutes.  Awesome service.  (Was already waiting 45 min for another cab company to pick us up unt we decided to call another cab co.)
5	Needed a ride from my home to a body shop across town.  Placed my call at about 3:40 p.m. and a pleasant driver showed up within 15 minutes.  This is my second time using Checker Cab and both were excellent experiences.  Don't need any other number.  Tops in service and efficiency.
1	I'm from New York and take Cab rides everyday. Never have I been so annoyed at the rude behavior from a taxi cab driver before. I along with My family was told that our destination of three miles was too short and a waste of money for the company. The fare was 15 dollars so be the judge. Taxi driver 5698
4	Called in for pickup at Ethel M candy and arrived no more then 15 min. Driver friendly and  cab clean. Timely drop off to hotel.
1	Wow.rudest and dumbest people in Vegas.if I had a daughter is pay her NOT to take this. Not only was I embarrassed , hurt, and dumbfounded by their stupidity I was mad.I don't get mad. I wouldn't be paid to take this taxi again.I wish I could give zero stars
1	At a corporate park. Said 15-20, after 25 min I call and they the some number car is on the way. 20 minutes later still no cab and hitched ride from a client. Thankfully made it to the airport on time.
5	I called Checker Cab at 1:15 PM today and the driver was here at 1:30 PM. Travel was 5 miles cost 25 dollars that included 3 dollar tip & 3 dollar credit card fee. Driver was nice. Overall GREAT experience thank GOD!
1	Very rude customer service. I called and the representative told me Thati had to wait 30 minutes and call in case the cab driver didn't arrive. When I asked him what he meant by that and that I could not wait 30 minutes to find out I could not have a cab available, he simply said: I cannot promise anything. And hang up the phone. I called one more time and I was helped by the same person. I asked him why he hang up on me and he said that because I didn't want the can he hang up. I never said I didn't want it. All I was trying to do was understand what he meant by 'call me if they are not there in 30 minutes.' I told him that I was offended by his attitude and he simply hang up on me again. Ironically, when you first call them, there is a recorded message that says, your call is very important to us LOL
1	NEVER AGAIN. My car broke down so I needed a cab to get to work, mind you, I live no more than 10 minutes from my job, and in those 10 minutes, I managed to somehow get harassed beyond measures. First he started off with friendly conversation, which I politely went along with, but then he starts throwing in the "you're soooo pretty" comments, making me extremely uncomfortable. In an attempt to change topics, I asked how late they do pickups because I might need another cab to get home. He replies with (exact words) "From my cab, I can only do pick-ups until 2am, but I can pick you up from my personal car whenever you like" he then proceeded to wink at me and wrote down his cell phone number. Total creep! I suggest taking your business elsewhere.
2	The customer service lady that answers when you call to get a cab was almost laughably rude and impatient. I nearly canceled just to give my business to another company. I guess when you pay politicians to get rid of competition (Uber) then you don't have to hire polite employees. Two stars instead of one because the cab driver did a fine job once he arrived.
