4	Well it only just opened this week and from what my fabulous friend who picked up a yummy pizza for us last night stated, " I am happy I came in when I did because if I would have waited 5 more mins, it would have been a very long wait as that place was packed! Not a single table was open when I walked out with our food"  Not bad for the first week huh?We had a mushroom, ham, pepperoni, cheese pizza that was cooked to perfection. The crust was thin but not cracker thin like some places. There were tons of mushrooms, ham, and pepperoni sprinkled all over the pizza. The cheese was gooey and yummy (is gooey a word?) As a matter of fact, I had either a piece of mushroom, ham, or pepperoni in every bite. We pretty much finished off the large pizza, which was cut into squares and not slices (which I am a fan of by the way). Very good pizza if I do say so myself. Now the wings we had, well they were ok, but I will give them another try at later date. I mean they weren't bad, but I have had much better. They do offer deep dish however they are still waiting for their pans to come in in order to make that dish. (Remember they only just opened this week) They do not offer delivery just yet, but seeing as its lets than 2 mins away I would need to be smacked if I asked them to deliver. I can be lazy if I want to dang it! So give them a try if you are ever on this side of town. You just may be pleasantly surprised.
4	Ordered from them last night, the owner or manager was really cool.  His delivery driver took off early, but he zipped out himself for the last delivery.  Pizza was very good, cut into squares, lots of cheese, great ingredients.  The only thing knocking them down to 4 stars, is they are pricey.  Not even just pricey, but almost overpriced.  I'm sure if you're just buying a couple slices over lunch, its not bad, but as a whole pizza, its expensive.  A large cheese pizza was 16 bucks, another 2.25 for each topping (I had two), add on tax and delivery charge, and the total was 24.75, NOT INCLUDING TIP!Ouch.  Good pizza?  Yes, its VERY good!  Good value?  mmmmmmmmmm, not so much.  Try to find a coupon just to make it normal priced.
4	Ahh, I told myself as I ordered my pie that the former location of Carusotti's has to yield good pizza: "why oh why did Carusotti's go?"Well, from the ashes of Carusotti's comes Pizza Italia, which initially appeared to be a reboot of the former business occupying its location but as I came to find out, is an entirely different animal.I ordered my 'za and was quoted 20-25 minutes.  Everyone knows you can't rush perfection.  I waited in heated anticipation.  When I arrived, they weren't overly busy (this was on a Saturday night) but it wasn't exactly slow either.  I noticed one of the employees (perhaps part of ownership) was chatting with customers outside.  Hmm, good sign I thought.I then approached the counter and saw through the window the chefs that were crafting my dinner.  There were two - an older and younger gentleman.  A woman also greeted me.  I was welcomed with smiles and the feeling I walked into a household.  I put the pieces together - this appeared to be a family run operation.  I paid for my pizza and wings and as I exited I was thanked for my business by the gentleman that was speaking with the customers outside.Alright, I've driven home the point this is a friendly family run joint.  Now for the pizza and wings review:The pizza (as others have mentioned) is not cracker thin, but crunchy and crisp.  Good tasting sauce, but where it really shines is the cheese and other toppings.  The sausage (which is stated as homemade) is REALLY good.  There were big chunks of "bulk" (i.e. no casing) italian sausage, not too salty, quality spices, and the onions that I ordered as a separate topping were "slivered" instead of diced.  But again, not overwhelming - rather they were mild and sweet.The cheese used was a good quality creamy mozzarella - not too stringy but well melted and plentiful.  The wings were cooked very well, but slightly on the "drier" side as far as sauce goes.  The meat inside is juicy and tender, but these weren't the typical sloppy buffalo wings dripping with sauce.  Personally I'm indifferent as to either style, but a heads up for anyone who likes the more traditional style wings.  I also got 10 drums out of the dozen, which was a bonus.  They also serve pre-packaged Ken's ranch, which is a personal fave.The pizza was cut into squares, which threw me off a little bit.  Good news is there is less crust, as they really top the entire pizza to the edge, however it was unexpected.  I was skeptical at first but ultimately appreciated the different preparation.  Don't confuse this with an Oregano's style super thin crust experience though - it's a much heartier pizza.  Could it be the imported flour they boast?  Perhaps.Finally, they do deliver now.  Bad news - not open on Sunday, which is often a pizza day for me.  Maybe they'll reconsider at some point, but I'm not going to argue motivation for places not being open on Sundays (although for a pizza place is a little disappointing, especially during football season).Overall they offer very tasty, well crafted food, quality ingredients and a unique spin on otherwise local mundane offerings.  Being it's a local establishment and family run gives me a reason to keep coming back.  A little on the pricey side, but again you are paying for quality.  Viva Pizza Italia!
4	Just ate here today for lunch, not too bad $5.50 for two slices and a drink. The pizza was very good, good taste and the crust was really crispy but didn't cut the roof of your mouth, I like that. The place was also really clean, not too large but most people just grab and go. The staff was also very friendly and made sure to say hi and thank them for coming in to everybody.
4	These guys rule.  If you want thin crust gourmet pizza this it.  Finally, a good pizza place in North Scottsdale.  I'm sorry for all those out there that like Pizza Picasso I think it's avg. at best.  This pizza is worth the visit.  I put it on par with Cibo, Grimaldis etc.  I eat a lot of pizza and this is good pizza.  The other cool part about this little hidden gem is the family.  Meet Cosmo and the rest of the family and you will stop in just to say hi.  Seriously, very good pizza and nice family owned business.
2	Super nice people, but the food just has not been that good so far.  For almost ten bucks, I wouldn't expect a chicken caesar to be made with red onions, cucumber and a Paul Newman's caesar dressing pack.  The pizza is good, but lots of places have good pizza in the same price range.  Other food has been both burned and undercooked at the same time.  They did a good job redecorating the place, and all the staff have been so nice.  I really hope they can make a go of it, but don't think I'll risk visiting again until I hear better things about them.
