4	Great prices, wonderful inventory, helpful sales staff.  You will always find an eclectic mix of furniture and some unusual pieces you won't find anywhere else. I bought a Cricket Bench here at a great price.  This is your best choice for used furniture in Pittsburgh.
5	I was immediately impressed by how kind the owner, Jonathan, was upon arriving in the store. He has a wide variety of antique and vintage furniture but also was able to accommodate my need for something a little more affordable with something in storage in his warehouse. I got a great price and it included delivery. He was patient with my narrow entrance in my apartment. Anyway, why blow a ton of money on new furniture when you get awesome better used furniture at a better price that is fully sanitized right in the East End? I highly recommend this place. I will definitely go back for future furniture needs.
5	My wife and I live in Brooklyn, but we end up buying something from Pittsburgh Furniture Company every time we're in town to visit my brother.  We like well-made pieces in rich wood, of which there's always a good selection.  Jonathan (the owner) is incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly.  Each time, he wraps the furniture to protect it on our drive, and handles everything with precision and care.He once spent over an hour with me figuring out how to fit a dresser and a bookcase into our rented SUV, which was juuust too small.  After almost giving up, he asked, "Have you ever heard of a turducken?" and then suggested taking out the shelves and nesting the dresser inside the bookcase frame, which was the ONLY way to fit both in the vehicle.  Genius.  Also hilarious.Jonathan has a great eye for beautiful furniture, and the prices here are ridiculously good.  I've only met him a few times, but I really enjoy talking with him and learning more about the pieces he discovers.We've had to pass up on so many great items because we simply couldn't fit them in the car, but we always find something just as good on our next trip.  People of Pittsburgh, you are extremely lucky to have this place!
