4	This place has a fantastic selection of fabrics and sewing equipment. I came here with my friend who does fashion design and was amazed by the selection of fabrics and designs at quite reasonable prices. The shop though is bulging with stock and it's a bit of a labyrinth so you might be better off asking at the cashier if you are after something particular. Take note of their big selection of buttons as well (  I used to have a small obsession with buttons which I thought I was over with until I came here).  So for those talented enough to knit or make a quilt or for those just seeking fabric for a costume, sofa cover or just a toga this is the place for you.
4	Edinburgh Fabrics is a great resource for all sorts of styles of fabrics, not to mention any frills you want to add to a sewing project.I was inspired by the amount of varieties they had to offer, and for the quality of the fabric the price is reasonable. You won't pay over a fiver for a metre of material in here, and the patterns are gorgeous.They stock everything, from pretty Ginghams and Indian inspired designs to silkier offerings that would look great on sari's. They also have wackier gimmicks that would do nicely for party costumes or exceptionally creative Halloween outfits.Affordable, clearly displayed, accessible and with something for everyone, Edinburgh Fabrics should give me a boot on the arse to make a dress sometime soon. I keep tending to half finished projects (usually made from skirts I found in charity shops) and it's about time I actually made something! I will be back.
3	I'm not exactly a fan of fabrics and habberdashery, so its no suprise that I was brought into Edinburgh Fabrics by my sister - who does enjoy that sort of thing.Despite all my moans and gumbles about this place before i entered, it was actually pretty cool. There is so much fabric in here it's insane, there must be miles and miles of it in every style, pattern and material you can imagaine. There even eemed to be seasonal specialist fabrics - including one with pumpkins and black cats on it (it was near halloween after all). While my sister did her thing I just wandered round in amazement. Its a shame really because I cant think of any other reason I would to come back in this shop.
5	My friends call me thrifty nifty....I'm somewhat of a thrift and haberdashery master you see.So I love shops like this, they're right up my street. They have everything in this place, from threads of all sizes and colours to skirtings to personalise your clothes/curtains/couches with.the great thing about this place is the staff too. I often come in here a bit unsure about what I'm looking for, and they always give great advice. They know their stuff, that's for sure.It's also relatively cheap too! One of the better haberdashery shops in the city, for sure!
3	I feel that I need to add another male opinion to this fabric shop.  As with Jonathan, this sort of shop is not my normal haunt, but I was forced into visiting to get some items to make a fancy dress costume.When you walk in, you're greeted with walls lined with rolls of a plethora of different fabrics of all colours and types.  There's also the expected range of buttons, ribbons, threads and all that jazz.  I was able to find all of the items that I needed within a short time.  Staff were able to cut the right amount of material, and the prices were reasonable (although this is the only time that I've been into anywhere like this).If you're a girl, or into fabric, or have a weird fascination with buttons, you'll wonder round, as Jonathan says, in amazement.  I just love to walk past and see the word 'haberdashery' - such a superb word.
3	I perused the wares of Edinburgh Fabrics when I was looking for a piece of red satin for my Kung Fu sash. I found what I was looking for, paid a pittence, and left satisfied.I don't know much about fabric, I'm not the most practical person. Emily's friends call her thrifty nifty, mine call me shitty witty, mostly on account of my bad jokes. But I still appreciated the many types of affordable fabric packed into Edinburgh Fabrics.Admitedly being one of few fabric stores in Edinburgh really helps the reputation of the place. Theres nothing like a monopolopy for gaining public favour. In all seriousness though, even if Nicholson St was renamed Fabriclson St for all the many fabric stores it contained, Edinburgh Fabrics would still be a decent shop.
3	I like walking into Edinburgh Fabrics and pretending I can actually sew well enough to make good use of the endless fabrics they sell. This store, which appears to be family owned, is next to the Edinburgh Bargainstore; they are quite similar, in terms of their sign, and large variety of products, but I will say the fabric store is less dusty and unkempt! I was recently there to buy some thread and needles, and got a bit distracted by all the beautiful fabric. Disclaimer: I am not a sewing expert! So in simpler terms, I will say they have "normal" fabrics, "fancy" fabrics and then the more "unusual" fabrics. I also saw endless amounts of threads, types of needles, elastic, ribbons, lace, as well as some ready made exotic outfits. It's a nice place to browse and waste time, if you have unambitious intentions like me.
4	This place has saved me on many a fancy dress night. With some really cheap fabrics on offer you can whip yourself up a cloak for super hero, witch, wizard, detective or vampire outfits for a quick fix costume. If you more creative than that this store is perfect for all your haberdashery needs and then some. Tubes of buttons fill one corner, rolls of ribbon cover another wall and it's easy to get lost in the yards of fabric that surround you. If you are somewhere between wrapping yourself in fabric for a (slightly rubbish) costume and making your own clothes this is a good place to pick up things to customise shop bought clothes. My favourite is to change the buttons on coats to make them more exciting- I have a whole drawer full of buttons from The Fabric Store specifically for that purpose!
4	Very good collection. Good value. Nice service.
4	I have a dark and terrible secret. An overpowering addiction... To ribbons. Fat ones, thin ones, lacy ones, satin ones, plain ones, trimmed ones, patterned ones... I just love ribbons. And when I discovered this shop... Well, I can tell you I went a little off the rails for a while...I'm no sewing expert but it seems to me that this shop is missing absolutely nothing. Embroidery threads, motifs, accessories, notions and of course my beloved ribbons form the front part of the shop. Even the sales counter itself is a glass exhibition case, home to an enchanting array of flowers, crystals, feathers and other adornments.From that point back stretches a kingdom of fabrics of all kinds (primarily the kind you want to reach out and touch, or marvel at the richness of the colour) at reasonable prices. I can't imagine anyone not finding what they need.I go in here a lot. A LOT. And I always find what I need... Or just want. Given how often I go and how much I must have spent on ribbons by now, I might expect a little more in the way of acknowledgement or recognition from the staff - that'd be the five star experience. But really, they are helpful and efficient, so who's complaining? Not me, not when they have So. Many. Ribbons.
