5	Myron did the photography at my wedding in August, as part of a Bears Best package, and he was everything I could've asked for ( for real :) ). I'm a handful and so is my family - I wanted something creative and had LOTS of requests and apparently my family did too! Myron was so patient and flexible with us... He paid attention to my style and expectations and delivered 110%! He went above and beyond staying after our session time and, even though I'm sure he could be the life of the party, remained professional and focused the entire night - in a non-intrusive way (which is so important on your big day). I actually looked forward to our photo times because it was our only "alone time." Myron just let us be ourselves and captured the moments silently, giving direction only when needed. It definitely helped having someone so calm on such a crazy day! In the end, he surprised us with the amount of photos he caught - and he gave us ALL of them in our package, unlike some photographers who will only give you a certain amount... I couldn't believe the things he captured - Myron was everywhere and with us all at the same time! LOL (if that makes sense)... Anywhoo thanks Myron - we really appreciate everything and, most importantly, LOVE our pics :)
5	Myron is absolutely amazing! My husband and I got married at Bear's Best May 2013. Planning the whole wedding from Virginia, we was able to put all our trust in Myron to capture all the special moments during our beautiful day. He went above and beyond to make sure he got really nice shots. The communication from the beginning was completely professional and organized. Every detail that I requested was included in our photos and he topped it off by adding his creativity. Myron made sure to capture the beautiful landscape while taking pictures of us and our families. He was truly a joy to work with and my bridesmaids loved him :-)We have albums of photos from our wedding that we absolutely love!
5	We were very impressed with Myron. We met with him before the wedding and were impressed with his professionalism and sense of humor. He was like our personal paparazzo! Yet not intrusive. We just got the pictures back today and Wow! What an incredible job he did!
