5	We went as a family and had a fantastic time! At check in, read the forms prior to filling them in and follow the directions. I think that was the only challenge of the day! After signing in, we had a very quick in-class lesson and then went out to get dressed. The equipment was clean and well-fitting. There was a bit of a wait as the groups before us finished up so it was fairly warm by the time we went into the tunnel. The tunnel was even warmer! BUT, it was such fun, the heat didn't bother us much. Although my kids and husband don't speak french and the instructor's English was limited, it wasn't much of a problem. The instruction video (with english sub-titles) was pretty clear and everyone made it work through hand signals. It was a great day and we signed up on the spot for four more flights in the months to come.   A bit pricey, but worth it :)
5	I can fly! Great instructors. Safe and super fun. LIfechanger.
4	SkyVenture was a perfect Christmas gift for the girlfriend, and the actual indoor skydive was a 5 star experience.  However, they get dinged a star for a few concerns over the course of the experience.  Let's talk about the good, and the not so good.Good:- Amazing experience.  Everyone who left had a smiling face.  Can't say enough for how cool it was.  The stunts that the professional instructors do inside of the wind tunnel is phenomenal.- Ease of parking.  You're located in a fairly out-of-Montreal area, so there is plenty of free parking.  It's right next to a large movie theater, so on Friday/Saturday nights, you might be driving around a little.Not so good:- Cost per minute.  It is expensive, especially considering the cheapest package buys you 2 (yes...TWO!) minutes in the wind tunnel.  Let's just put it this way - I don't even think Julia Roberts charged Richard Gere this much money per minute.- Safety.  My girlfriend's helmet kept slipping in the wind tunnel, and the instructor was not too concerned.  Also, the safety briefing is... well brief.  But there were lots of children who went in, so it doesn't seem that unsafe.As an FYI - like most of the Montreal area, English is readily spoken.
5	Went here for a work event.   What a great time!   we were 16 people in total, so they split us into groups.  We all had fun flying - although had pains in my arms and chest the next day (this was my fault for trying to fight the wind - we were told not to do so as the wind always wins!)... great for kids and adults alike.   Only thing, is that if you weight over 230lbs you may not be able to participate.
5	Went there for my birthday... Amazing experience! The sensation of floating in the air is surreal. The instructor we had was extremely helpful and gave is the right directives... Only thing I would say is don't just take 2 flights. Take 4... or you'll feel cheated... I warned you.
