5	When Icehouse first opened it was like the new cool kid in school.  Everyone wanted to be it's friend, be seen with it, casually name drop "Icehouse" into a conversation as if it wasn't any big deal and they were just like... that. (Picture two fingers held up and touching, if not twisted around one another.)  So at first I resisted.   Because if it was a cool place and I talked about it, I'd sound like "one of them".  And if it wasn't cool, and I was telling folks how un-cool it was while they were trying to stress how cool it was... well, you can imagine how messy that could get.  So, after finally checking it out I can now make the most uncool statement ever about it.  It's one of my MOM'S favorite spaces.  That's right cool kids.  My mom likes it.  So now you have to move on to your next gallery.  I like that it's a place that can be known for hosting raves, corporate events, charitable functions and yet is still considered funky and cutting edge.  It's a great space, and as you'll see in the pictures, the front entrance is an amazing spot for installation work.Historical note: It's awesome to look around the place and remember how it got the name.  This is where they used to store ice in Phoenix.  Ice in Phoenix.  Before refrigeration.  Can't get more cool that that.  (Ok, it was too easy...)Personal note: Daytime viewing is totally different than checking out the place at night.  Try to do both.
3	WHOA. It looks scary by day, doesn't it? C'mon, admit it - it's true. It's something of a cross between goth heaven and Christian hell. Don't let that stop ya. I mean, why should it? You dont' scare easily, do you? You know, I'm never really sure how to find out what's going on here. I think there's some secret hidden password you need to know in order to access some secret hidden chamber of events. Who knows. I've been once... I wouldn't call it a rave, but some might. In fact, I'd call it A Really Big Party with Candy Kids Galore. Not that I have anything against parties. I don't. And I certainly love to dance to some electronic music. But, please. Must you think it cool to tote children's suckers around and suckle on pacifiers? That's not cool, nor is any mix that makes you think it's cool. You dig? In any case, the event I went to brought out the weirdos, myself included. I went with a friend, thankfully - as I do NOT recommend any female go alone here, no matter what. (Better safe than sorry.) So, I tried to dance. I really did. I wasn't even demanding that much floor space... and anyone who's been to Icehouse knows it has a big supply of dance space. Anyhow, I kept getting bumped, kicked, knocked around and intruded upon. That makes for one aggravated and annoyed Alicia. Needless to say, that wasn't the event for me.But, hey, it's really cool that Icehouse throws these events. So, props for that. It sure beats an empty building just wasting away like you'll find in Detroit.
4	this is more of a reminiseing with vinne then a review (that will come later)so Story time with vinnie! I have a love hate relation ship with the Ice house....I have seen more sunrises here than any other PHX location because I've shot so much stuff here....and we always seem to go to sunrise....Once I left the Icehouse and passed by to men digging a ditch..."what have you been doing ?" They Asked me. "we have been digging a ditch for 6 hours and your twice as dirty as us!" well I had just spent 14 hours in the Ice house Rafters on my belly moving lights around on a rickety unsafe latter....(not the Ice houses fault, production should have had something safer...)despite that the Icehouse is one of the coolest Locations for  just about any thing...Photo shoot, or film shoot, party or art gallery it s a unique place all its own...ok only been here once for just a party music thing....wish there was more bathrooms and the better drink Options....(-1 stars)
5	One of the most incredible space in downtown Phoenix. Always a delightful experience. This last Art Detour (2008), on the second floor I saw two ghosts.  So that was pretty awesome.  My boyfriend opened the door and then closed it and I said let's go in there.  He said there was nothing in there.  I said I saw two people walking.  I really did.  He opened the door and in the back of the room, I saw a light and two people walking.  We opened the door again, and it was pitch black and empty.  Totally freaky!
4	I've only been here once for the Phoenix Contemporary Design Fair, but it's such a cool spot. It's got this strange Tim Burton vibe going on and you kind of feel like you're going to get knifed if you're walking anywhere south of here, but it's got some funky charm. Easy to tell that it was a very charming building at one time, and I'm so glad it's still standing. It has a quasi-courtyard out front and on the west side of the building, and it made for an excellent live music spot on that particular night. Hopefully I can attend some more events there.What the hell do they do here most of the time? Someone fill me in...
5	The Icehouse is a great example of adaptive use in downtown Phoenix.  From it's origins producing ice used to ship produce farmed in the Valley by rail to eastern consumers, it has be resurrected as a multi-use space.While first and foremost an art  gallery -- and it's diversity of interior and exterior spaces make it a great place for large scale installation work as well as more intimate showings -- it is also a unique space for all sorts of events from indie rock concerts to corporate fundraisers (and would make an AMAZING place for a wedding ceremony and reception!)
5	The Ice House is in all honesty and in all  pun-ery, the coolest venue CenPho has to offer. It is spacious, hollowed, and sacred. Reminiscent of warehouse raves I attended in my youth, the place brings back floods of sentimentality and nostalgia for shows long past.From it's humble origins in 1910 as an actual Icehouse, manufacturing 300lb ice blocks for Phoenix's food industry it now stands as a testament to our fair city's rapid urban sprawl. The days of ice manufacturing are, quite obviously long gone, but the eponymous title remains. Now it is host to the counterculture elite whose brotherly initiations into the Ice house festivities are served by a mere exchange of a few dollars and the ceremonial clasping of a wristband. My first visit here was a $10 experience that afforded me visual stimulation by means of a plethora of steam punk-esque art throughout the cavernous grounds, and audial pleasures via a rotation of house bands that included local favorites like Black Carl, Mergence, and What Laura Says, to name a few. Any visit to the IceHouse is a lesson in what enterprising Phoenicians can craft out of the abandoned and decrepit historic treasures scattered amongst the valley.
5	Our wedding went great. Awesome venue and help!
4	Best. Dive. Bar. Ever.
5	The Icehouse is one of  my favorite places in all of Phoenix. If you get the opportunity to go please do! They host many art events through out the year. It is a truly a place of refuge from the city.
1	Very disappointing experience with the Icehouse. I work at a cancer hospital in the Valley and was interested in using their venue to take photos of patients and their families as part of a therapy program.Unlike other Phoenix venues, the Icehouse wouldn't give us a discount, which is understandable. We were willing to pay to use the space ($150/hr) and called for two weeks to attempt to reserve it, but we heard nothing back from them. I called over 10 times the day before and still heard nothing at all, so we ended up having to shoot outdoors due to change of plans. It's a beautiful space, but they're completely unresponsive and very difficult to work with.
1	I just cancelled my wedding with the Ice House. First of all, you can't work with the owner directly... you have to go through downtown phoenix venues which is the worst thing ever. One woman (Riette)  is in charge of selling this property and I have never worked with someone so rude, unresponsive and condescending. At one point she actually said to me that she makes sure to to remind her assistant that brides are needy and you have to hold their hand the whole way through the wedding in response to me complaining about the fact that they would not include a note of the extra hour of event time they would give me if I paid my deposit by a certain date. Who would have thought that when paying thousands of dollars to rent a space that a sense of urgency in response time and communication is expected in return.Second of all, they tell you that you have to use one of the five caterers on the list they provide, but if you find a different one you like they will review and decide if they approve - which by the way they never approve. I ended up dealing with these 5 catering companies that were either way out of my price range, crappy food, or rude and unresponsive people who know that you are locked into a contract to work with them so lack in customer service. It was awful and turning my entire wedding planning process into a stressed out cryfest.I signed my contract in late November for my October 2014 wedding and its now early March.... I paid a $1300 deposit. I emailed Riette to explain my dilemma and that I wanted to cancel the contract strictly because of the fact that I cant deal with the catering company. I also told her I would greatly appreciate if she would take my request to the owner and consider returning my deposit because it was still 7 months in advance from the event date and she didn't event take a moment to thing about it so I am SURE she didn't take my request to the owner. She didn't offer to help me communicate with the catering companies that they make you use, or offer to assist with other companies they may approve. Literally NO HELP Whatsoever. I work in the hospitality industry and I just couldn't believe it.I basically paid this woman $1300 to do absolutely nothing except send me monthly update emails including photos of her personal vacations. Yes she was not updating me on anything to do with my wedding or venue,just her personal life which I couldn't care less about.If you would like to pay someone to do nothing besides belittle your opinions and reply condescendingly... downtown phoenix venues is the place to go.The Ice House is a beautiful venue but if you are considering this for an event... the management company just ruins it.I work for an event planning company and I would never in my life recommend this place or any place run by downtown phoenix venues to anyone. Unless they have a shift in employees sometime in the future!
4	Fantastic, funky venue. Attended wedding here and it was stunning. Don't know anything about booking, ease of communication, etc. food was catered and good. I will say the acoustics in the dining room were atrocious. But it's a big empty room so who is surprised sound bounces everywhere? Great location. Do check on parking as we parked in family court parking lot....not sure it was kosher.
5	My husband and I were just married at The Icehouse in downtown Phoenix earlier this month and we cannot say enough great things about the venue and the staff at Downtown Phoenix Venues. Riette is wonderful -- she is exceptionally knowledgeable about throwing a great party in Phoenix, had amazing recommendations for vendors, and was always available when we needed her throughout the planning process. The entire selection and planning process was a breeze, from our first site visit, to the no-nonsense contract that was very easy to understand. Day-of could not have gone smoother - her team worked seamlessly with all of our vendors and our army of friends and family who helped out. A shout out of thanks to Marinda as well, who was always helpful and extremely friendly! We whole-heartedly recommend working with Riette at Downtown Phoenix Venues to anyone -- we could not be happier with how things turned out!
5	My husband and I just got married at the Icehouse on March 29, 2014 and I had to get on here and let everyone know how amazing it was! from start to finish working with Riette and her team was a blast, I felt like they were easy to talk to and able to joke around with us, which you don't always find with people in the wedding industry. I feel like a lot of people we spoke with just took themselves WAY too seriously, talking with Riette was always like talking with a friend which was important to me. If you haven't been to the venue you owe it to yourself to check it out if you are planning an event. It is such a unique venue and so beautiful. All of our guests couldn't stop talking about how much they loved the place and how cool it was. I saw some reviews about them being unresponsive and I can say that I NEVER had a problem, any question I had was always answered in a timely manner. I can't say enough how great our wedding was and how amazing everything looked. Thank you Icehouse!!!
5	WE had our wedding at The Icehouse two weeks ago and we are still hearing about how amazing it was from our guests.  Working with Riette and team was so much fun and they were there for any questions or concerns I had.  I could not have asked for a  more beautiful location for the wedding.
2	I had my wedding at the Icehouse and I can honestly say I wouldn't have picked this venue if I had to do it all over again. I chose this venue because of it's unique quality and the location was perfect, what I didn't like was my experience with their "middle person" also known as Downtown Phoenix Venues. I chose this venue because you are essentially being rented the building and everything else needs to be brought in (Everything!) I thought this was perfect since I could personalize everything and I didn't want your typical wedding. Well this place makes it seem that way but is actually the opposite, Riette has so many rules it's absurd. I wanted to bring in a waffle truck at the end of the night and asked if we could park it near the patio on their parking lot, she said no because they only allow their five caterers on the property so I would need to have my guests walk outside of the venue for the waffles. Before I signed the contract she assured me that the caterers were open to working within my budget since I had read the online reviews and was a bit apprehensive about this very issue. I contacted all 5 caterers and only one would work with me and even then I had to pay 1,500 more than I originally budgeted. I had 85 guests and the caterers ranged from 5k-10k! I couldn't believe it. They didn't want to work with my budget and since they knew I was contracted with the Icehouse they didn't care about my business. I chose Atlasta Catering and they were wonderful but the price is what I wasn't happy with.I asked if we could bring in a different caterer she said they didn't make exceptions and if they did that for me they would have to do it for other brides, a few weeks before my wedding I found a different wedding that was feautured on a blog and they used an outside caterer! There are so many discrepancies it's really infuriating.I also had to hire 2 Phoenix police officers. Yes, 2 for a wedding of less than 100 people!! and pay for that as well. Had to pay an extra 300 for wedding day insurance that the venue requires (but that doesn't cover vendors so you have to make sure that they all have insurance of their own)The hilarious part of all of this is that they've had RAVES at this venue and huge parties but a wedding with less than 100 people requires police officers and all of these rules and regulations? I understand that they don't want things to get out of hand but it's ridiculous. Also keep in mind that in order to rent pretty much any downtown Phoenix venue you need to go through her.I spoke to several vendors some as far as Scottsdale and they knew about Riette's reputation before I even said anything, Will she let you do that? have you talked to Riette? she probably wouldn't allow that. I think that the building owner's need to realize that she is hurting their business by being so difficult to work with. I even had to tell my coordinator to strictly deal with the venue because I couldn't handle it anymore. I went way over budget because of all of these fees and the added expense of the caterer. The wedding was beautiful and they did deliver the day of the wedding. My guests had no idea but I had such a horrible experience preparing for this huge event in my life that I really regret picking this venue.
