5	What a delicious cake! You never hear people rave about wedding cake but we surely heard a ton of praise from our guests. Not only was our cake delicious but a part of it was also gluten free. That's right - gluten free. Thankfully, they didn't up the price astronomically. Instead, Diana and Juan do the honest thing and just charge for the increase in ingredient cost to make the cake gluten free. I searched for so long looking for a cake I could eat. We made a wonderful investment by hiring Lady Diana's Cakes. On top of that, Diana and Juan delivered the cake at 7:30 PM so it would be the perfect temperature. They even helped the caterer cut the cake so it would be perfect. Our wedding coordinator who did not know Lady Diana's before could not stop telling me how amazing they were. If you are looking for a delicious cake that looks beautiful and doesn't break the bank, Lady Diana's is the best. They are kind, caring, generous and talented people. I can't wait to need to order a cake again. Thanks for a great job!
1	AWFUL, AWFUL, they do not wear gloves they touch everything with theirhands.
5	I had the BEST brownie of my life here today!!!!!! It was the salt caramel thing - absolutely unbelievable!!!! I ended up getting 6 to take with me! So excited to have this wonderful place in my neighborhood!!!
5	How sad that the reviewer below is so upset- they are very clean and sanitary- bare hands is preferable in cooking enviornments because it allows people to be more accurate and in most cases, cleaner because of the constant hand washing- they're more aware of the need to wash hands and clean up. When you wear gloves, people tend to touch everything and not change their gloves because they're un aware of the risk.My review:Lady Diana's Cakes is fabulous!We ordered a smaller, two tiered cake for our wedding and Juan and Lady Diana still gave us the attention and care as if we had ordered a huge cake with all the bells and whistles.Juan was fantastic, I sent him a few ideas of the kinds of cake that we liked and he gave great feedback and completely embraced the elegant style that we were going for. A few days before the wedding Juan called me to ask about the ribbon color and without fail he produced the perfect match, at Lady Diana's Cakes they care about every detail!We noticed something wonderfully peculiar about the cake when Juan delivered it to the venue....it was taller than we had ordered! Lady Diana took extra time and supplies to create a cake that was especially beautiful for us, a very sweet gesture that did not go unnoticed.The cake was delicious red velvet with amazing icing, we were going to save the top tier for our anniversary...but it we couldn't help but eat it as soon as we got home from our mini honeymoon. Needless to say we'll be ordering a new small red velvet cake for our 1st anniversary :)If you want something beautiful and delicious from someone who geniunely cares, Lady Diana's Cakes is the place to go.
5	Lady Diana's makes amazing scones! I bought a blueberry scone this morning and it was so tender and really delicious! None of that rock-hard crap the one particularly popular coffee shop serves up (Lucy's are also sadly disappointing). I wish I had gotten an orange cranberry one too! Scones were nearly 3bucks, so a bit of a splurge for my budget but good. Also picked up a peanut butter brownie and a german chocolate cupcake. All the cupcakes looked so amazing! I think the cupcake was $2.99 and the brownie $2.89. The cupcakes probably taste better than Sprinkles cupcakes, which I think are overrated, especially for the price.
5	AMAZING! WONDERFUL! TALENTED! DELIGHTFUL!I ordered a custom cake for my Granddaughters 2nd Birthday!  I called and spoke with Diana, our party theme was Under the Sea! We chose the quarter sheet 3 layer vanilla butter cake with lemon curd and raspberry filling topped with italian buttercream frosting!  I asked Diana if she needed a napkin sample or decoration to work from, she said no and told me she had a great design in mind! WOW what a cake!!  It turned out beautiful, the detail was amazing, fish, starfish, a sand dune with a giant crab and many other creative touches....not only on the top but all around the sides of the cake too!  The cake was moist, the icing was perfect not too sweet so smooth and creamy!  All of the fish and detailing was edible and again not over sweet!! You can taste the difference of fresh ingredients!No more store bought cakes for this family!!Great customer service too!!Patti M.
5	OMG!!!! That is best to describe the birthday cake that Lady Diane made formy really good friends 50th birthday celebration. It surpassed my expectations.It was so beautiful we hated to cut through it and talk about delicious, it waswhite cake with fresh strawberry's and I selected an Italian butter creamfrosting, which I wasn't to sure of because I thought it was going to be to sweet, but Lady Diane let me taste it and it was so creamy with the consistencyof whip cream ( it was good).  I rely on internet ratings to choose my vendorsand this place needs to be recognized. I promise you will not be disappointed!Awesome customer service by the way.
5	Italian Buttercream frosting!!!Great brownies, cup cakes.Made to order cakes, pies and the best chololate eclairs I have ever tasted.My birthday cake was so beautiful we hated to cut into it. Took a picture then cut the cake. The flavor of the cake was rich and balanced to the frosting.
5	Their bearclaws are the best ever! Friendly service.
1	I am out of the area (in California) and trying to coordinate a birthday party for my Grandmother in Pheonix for which I need a cake.  I have attempted to reach Lady Diana's for about a week via email and phone with no response.  Very poor customer service in my opinion.  Won't even give them another chance.
5	I have never before experienced such wonderful treats as those at Lady Diana's. Where to start? Well, her frostings are amazing. Her Italian butter cream is so smooth and sweet but at the same time not overpowering as some frostings can be. I am actually not a big fan of frosting but I have yet to taste one at Diana's that I did not completely love! The peanut butter, the cream cheese and the classic butter cream are all just as good. Her brownies are head over heals fantastic. The ganache is glorious. Her salted caramel is probably my favorite, but the peanut butter is runner up. The best part of Diana's is Diana and Juan. They are so sweet and genuine and such hard workers. Diana's creativity and devotion to each custom order is an absolute blessing. And to top it all off everything is from scratch. There is no processed crap in any of it. She caters to food allergies as well. If you have not visited this bakery stop whatever you are doing and go bless yourself with a treat from there.
5	Lady Diana catered and served my 40th birthday party with 50+ guests as well as a 50 person fundraiser I organized and the food and sweets were delicious!  I've also had numerous pies, cakes, and cupcakes over the last few years from Lady Diana's Cakes and Catering and they are the most scrumptious and delicious things I've ever tasted!  She has a way with all types of frosting that is unbelievable! Her frosting has no resemblance to the bland sugary stuff at the typical grocery store bakery.  Her Italian buttercream frosting is heaven! I think my favorite sweet in the ENTIRE WORLD is Lady Diana's carrot cake.  It is moist and delicious with the most amazing melt in your mouth cream cheese frosting. Simply amazing!
5	Diana and Juan are  both professional and the absolute BEST @ what they do!!!  I work for a rather large church and Lady Diana's handles all of our christmas pastery and dessert orders.  They are always on time and never disappoint.  Whether you are planning for a few or 500 people ( in our case), they are THE way to go!DELICIOUS!!!!!!
5	Diana,uses only the freshest Ingredients which combined with her great talent makes for a wonderful eating experience . Not only is her bakery goods superb but so i her catering    I have been fortunate. Enough to have had Diana cater several events for me and every one was original amdso very delicious .  Both Diana  and Juan are warm and caring people and will go way out of their way to help make anything they are involved in to be the best it can be.I can't say enough good things about Lady Diana's Cakes & Catering to do it justice but for those of you who haven't tried her great bakery are really missing out of something very special.We are so very lucky to have this wonderful couple in our area.h
4	Lady Diana's no longer sells my favorites!No more danish pastry, bear claws or scones. Now they sell mainly cupcakes and brownies. So no more bakery visits for me.One time I was given a sample of challah bread which was wonderful. Bread is only available by preorder though.
4	Sweet Delights for sure!  If you are a brownie lover and want to try to find your favorite go to Lady Dianes and check them out. Their Peanut Butter  Chocolate Brownies are so good I want to slap my mother!  Right now Lady Dianes Bakery facing 19th avenue is  needing business because of the construction traffic/ So this is a great time to take a delish treat to the office or to a friend  or just eat a goodie for yourself.  You will not be sorry.
5	This cupcake deserves to live.   Saw on FB they were suffering greatly under the burden of only the onset of a predicted 3 years of light rail construction.  Made this first visit as mission of mercy.  There will be no more "mercy".  I am their's for life or for however long before light rail construction forces them to move, but please, please, don't close.  I've only just found you and parting would be a not sweet but bitter sorrow. I am so over over-priced cupcakes, but I am their's from the first delectable, moist, absolutely unequivocally  delicious bite of the "Chocolate Intensity" cupcake.  One might fear an overload of chocolate on chocolate violence but this was love, not war.  Friend Norm vouches for the exquisite gluten-free version of same.  Note they have a number of additional gluten-free offerings.  Picked up 1/2 dozen of the massive, easily-serves-2 brownies and am struggling to hold on to that "for later" resolve to keep from diving face-down into that box (It's been done - I've seen me do it -see profile pic))  to sample those massive salted caramel, chocolate ganache,  peanut butter chocolate, and chocolate pecan turtle brownies. And note they're more than just big square brownies in appearance - each has it's own professionally crafted elegance, from the lattice of dripped chocolate atop one, to another that gave me the impression of small waves of rich dark chocolate on top.  Note that it's a small shop with a single bakery counter out front and not a lot of inventory on display or presumably on hand, but they do much more than cupcakes and brownies BY SPECIAL ORDER, including all manner of tarts, pastries, danish, turnovers, cookies, cakes, and wedding cakes, etc.  They  cater and deliver as well.  According to the web page: open Tuesday - Saturday, 10-6. Phone: (602) 331-0333.   Bakery located in small shopping center at NE corner of 19th Ave & Northern, adjacent to Gyros House,  facing 19th Avenue and close to the Boston Market and Einstein Bagels end of the center.  Construction traffic making it difficult to get there but it's well worth the trouble.  If your (my) dieting determination must die, let it be in the face (or taste) of such as what's offered at Lady D's so that it might at least might be truly worthwhile.  Highly recommend.
4	They made a great birthday cake for my "mother inlaw's" birthday. Their lemon filling was a great tart, lemony filling.  The vanilla cake was moist, the Italian buttercream really nice and it looked beautiful.  While we were picking it up, we noticed the cupcakes and got 3.  All good as well.This is a nice shop being hit by the light rail construction -- it's right in the Albertson's center at 19th & Northern.  I know it may add some time to get there, but I think it's worth it, both for the dessert and the support to a great business.
5	Made the most beautiful cake for my daughters 6th grade graduation. Thanks for helping to make the day extra special.
5	I haven't visited the store, but I had two(!) cupcakes that were provided at a meeting.  The first one was fabulous, the second was to die for!  I'll definitely brave the light rail construction to visit the shop.  You should, too!
5	My friend and fellow yelper John M., who waxes poetic when talking about Lady Diana's regular creations, brought me some of this bakery's gluten-free cupcakes to try. They were incredibly rich and decadent -- nothing like what you would expect of gluten-free baked goods.  I have since gone to the bakery myself to get more of these scrumptious, so-good-they-should-be-banned treats. So, do what the wraps on the light rail cars proclaim: even while light rail construction is in progress, go and patronize the businesses on 19th Avenue, especially this gem of a bakery.
5	They were terrific to work with and even made one gluten free cup cake for a friend for my son's birthday party. The banana flavor is amazing!   They are now my go to place for cakes!!!!
5	We got our wedding cake make by Lady Diana couldn't have been happier. First the cake itself was delicious. From the cake tasting to the wedding cake itself, everything was great. We got the three different types, a white cake with chocolate ganache, a white with lemon curd and a white with strawberry. Juan and Lady Diana were friendly, personable and great to work with. We don't anticipate getting married ever again but we definitely would go back for another cake. Definitely a hidden gem in Central Phoenix.
4	Went here today and there was a sign on the door that the bakery was shutting down.
