5	Really good food and wonderful customer service! Will definitely be going back here. A friend and I went for lunch on a Saturday. Right away our server brought out tostadas and ceviche. The ceviche was to die for! I ordered the shrimp burrito and she the shrimp tacos. We ended up swapping our meals half way through. Both dishes were amazing!  All throughout our meal the waitstaff was checking to see if we needed anything even though they were very busy.
5	Delicious and fresh authentic Mexican seafood. We will definitely be back soon. Loved the ceviche and fresh salsa!
5	Las Islas Del Mar - the Islands of the Sea. I'm not sure why you would be surprised if your land based dishes were simply okay when you're going to a seafood place.That said, I've been here a couple times now and it's been great. Service was friendly, though not the best with English. Food was great, though it is a little bit of a wait for food. They keep you occupied with fresh fried tortillas and cerviche as an appetizer.  The food.. that was consistently delicious. First time I got the fish tacos which were flavorful and had great texture. Not much to elaborate on, as they were textbook good fish tacos.The second time I split the Molcajeta Nayarita, which was exceptional. It was a seafood bowl filled with prawns, shrimp crab, mussels, clams, a delicious sauce and awesome. You will make a mess, and you will leave satisfied.Definitely worth coming back again.
3	Its a 4 star for the food but had to take off a point for service.The menu was a bit difficult to navigate as most of it was in Spanish.  OK, I can deal with that but this IS the US and MOST of us DO speak English so maybe the next time (if it happens) they can update the menu a bit.  At least write the same stuff in the same font size.Anyway, beer selection was great and the waitress brought out the appetizer right away and it was very good.  We didn't have a huge appetite so ordered some burritos and sat back and enjoyed the beer and chips.  And sat back, and back, ordered another beer and waited.  Other tables who came after us were getting served.  We sat back and had more of our beer and waited.  Come on!!! How long does it take to make a burrito??  Apparently 50 minutes!  All the time we saw the wait staff and kitchen staff standing around and yakking.  When we finally got our food, it was VERY good.  But it was not a VERY GOOD experience.
4	Good chow, reasonably priced.  Fish tacos delish with lightly fried fish chunks.  Rad snapper Diablo also fried but not greasy and not that spicy. Salsa and some other dip were great with crispy tortillas.
2	I want to love this place.  From the palm tree in the parking lot to the bright, clean, cheerful interior and very friendly wait staff, there is much to make one smile.  The complimentary appetizer of tostadas and ceviche is a very nice touch, but the ceviche is devoid of seafood flavor and, but for the fresh red onion and cilantro, would be flavorless.  I ordered fish tacos,which should be a standby.  They were unlike any I have seen:  small breaded cubes of tasteless fish, fried to a greasy and limp consistency.  My friend had shrimp,tacos, which were somewhat better but could have been crispier.  The corn tortillas were soggy and oily.  It was as if the oil in the fryer was not at a sufficiently high temp, which may have been the case because we ate on the early side.  We also ordered a ceviche cocktail.  It had lots of shrimp and octopus but the seafood was overwhelmed by the V-8 flavored liquid in which it was served.  I am accustomed to ceviche that is "cooked" in a citrus-based acidic liquid, not tomato juice.  I will give this place another try because I really want to love it.
5	Went for dinner tonight for the first time, and sat outside.  As soon as we sat down, they brought out chips, salsa verde, and ceviche.  All very good.  The salsa verde is HOT. We did not order appetizers, as we had the things they brought out to us.The menu is extensive, so be prepared to take awhile to decide!For our entrees we had:Me: Whole Fried Red Snapper, garlic style.  OMG, first time I ever ordered a whole fish, and it was SO delicious!  They also have a Whole Fried Tilapia, which I will try in the future.Hubby: the Octopus, Diablo style.  He loved it!  I tasted it too, and it was very good, and when I've had octopus in Mexico, I did not like it.For drinks, we didn't have anything fancy.  Hubby had a Dos Equis, and I had a Pina soda.So, needless to say, we will return, and probably very soon!
5	My wife and I try a new restaurant almost monthly.  This was our first outdoor meal this year and a very pleasant surprise.  We ate under a palapa (grass umbrella) next to realistic looking palm trees.  Not your stereotypical Mexican restaurant, this place is really about seafood.  I have always loved the fresh seafood when we are in Mexico and these people do a great job.  The staff was prompt and courteous, bringing complimentary whole fried corn tortillas (tostada), green chile salsa, and ceviche that was refreshingly different and quite good.  The menu is extensive and varies widely in price (fish tacos to a platter of raw oysters, scallops, shrimp, abalone, crab legs etc).  The waitress was very helpful and told us which items were also designed to serve a party of 4 or more people (fun idea for future outing with friends).  The menu is Spanish with English subtitle ingredient summaries and there are pictures of most dishes on the menus and also above the windows.  At least I could read it without my glasses, I guess if you want a completely English menu, stick to Taco Bell.  The portions were more than we could eat.  I had Pulpo Diablo (Octopus in devil sauce) that had a some tang but not hot for the sake of hot.  Seafood is often overpowered and this was complimentary and delicious.  The presentation was nice with a lettuce, cucumber tomato salad , an orange slice and really good bread (see photo).  I found french fries a bit out of place, but I didn't have room to eat them anyway.  All in all a great experience and I can't wait to return and try other menu items.  I hope we can keep this unique seafood restaurant in the Madison area.
5	Second visit for dinner tonight.Ordered the shrimp & octopus cocktail for an appetizer.  It was pretty good, but a bit bland in our opinion.For our entree, we took Erik S.'s advice, and ordered the Molcajeta Nayarita, and my goodness, was he right!  (Thanks Erik!!) I wish you could have seen hubby's face when they set the dish down in front of us!  Awe.Crab legs, mussels, octopus, shrimp (head on whole, and shelled), scallops, and a very nicely spicy sauce.  Divine, absolutely divine.Their Horchata is the bomb, and the perfect drink to quench the fire.I highly recommend trying this dish.  You will not be disappointed!  By the way, this is enough food for four!  We ate until stuffed, and still took home leftovers.  Today is apparently Mother's Day in Mexico, and they gave all the women a free slice of cake in celebration of it.  (We were so full, we took it home) The staff has been very friendly, and attentive, on both of our visits.
5	Went for dinner again tonight.  We ordered the Crab Legs Las Islas Del Mar style.  (I posted a pic).  OMG!!  Absolutely freaking FABULOUS!!  That giant platter of crab legs was $35!!  They are not served with drawn butter, but the shells are coated in some kind of awesome spice blend.  You do NOT need butter!  Finger licking good!  Almost every cluster had a claw on it too, which is absolutely unheard of.  We will SO be ordering that again!
4	Wow, some of the best coastal Mexican food I've ever had, hands down! So who needs to go on vacation to get this type of food. Not this person.Free chips with seafood Ceviche as your wait person greats you. Good horchata and blended drinks. Oh yeah they have a wide assortment of Mexican beers and sodas. But the food is amazing. A very large menu. Many of the dishes share a similar yet very different spice combination that makes them all worth trying. I have been to there Madison location more than a dozen times and haven't had the same thing twice. All were great, some seasoned better than others, but all great. I look forward to going to this establishment and even crave it at times.
3	Prices have gone up, but the quality seems to be just as good.  Very sorry to see the increase in prices.  We used to go twice a month, but it'll only be once a month from now on because of the increase.   Too bad.
5	Found this place in Yelp and tried it out with 4 other friends. Definitely the best Mexican seafood in the down! Will definitely visit again when the weather get warmer.
4	I'd give the food a 5 and the service a 2.5-3. Went for Father's Day dinner tonight. The fish ceviche and green sauce appetizer they bring to all tables is wonderful! Only wish it hadn't taken 15 min for our drink order to be taken because it has some kick. We also had the guacamole which was fresh and super reasonable. So delicious. Great selection of bottled Mexican beers too. We had fish tacos, prawns, grilled mussels, shrimp empanadas, pork tacos, crab tostada, steak tacos and fried shrimp between the five of us. It was all wonderful. I will definitely be back and hopefully the service is faster so I can change my rating to a five. It is super authentic Mexican seafood so don't expect anything texmex. The majority of the clientele were Hispanic as well which can vouch for the authenticity in my opinion too.Glad we took the chance to come and try something different.
5	Awesome food, ambiance, and it's authentic. I'm always happy with service because I know they have only a few people hired. Been back many times.
4	Delicious Ceviche, crispy tortillas, generous lime wedges, and two sauces were provided upon arriving--a very nice touch. The entrees were sized just right, were prepared well, and tasted fresh (which is sometimes difficult to find with seafood). The service was acceptable. Would go again just for the ceviche alone!
3	Flipped between 2- and 3-stars at least 6-7 times when writing this review... Located in an old Burger King building on Monona Drive, the blue outside hints at the oceany goodness that awaits inside. Dined on a Friday night at around 7:30pm with a  few friends.+ Plenty of seating options; most are 3- and 4-top tables+ Friendly servers+ Complimentary tostadas and crackers with a nice sized-bowl of whitefish ceviche (also complimentary). Whitefish ceviche was really tasty.+ Decent beer options- Margaritas, even when upgraded to premium tequila, have a fake/syrupy base+ Huge (and I mean HUGE) menu, very heavy on seafood options - lots of shrimp, scallop, and fish choices- Very few, if any, vegetarian options+ Reasonable pricesAfter a fair amount of debate, discussion, and bargaining amongst our small group, we decided to order a large variety and share amongst ourselves.+ Asada tacos: stellar. Truly stellar. Seared, seasoned, and generously portioned. Really, really good. I'd go back just for these in a heartbeat.... Shrimp ceviche tostada: average. A ton of food (shrimp, onion, tomato, cilantro, lime) crammed onto the tostada, but it left me wanting a little more+ Guacamole: outstanding. Some of the finest guac I've had in the area- Fish tacos: they weren't what we were expecting; picture an empanada-like thing with some fish inside, and then completely deep-fried. It was super greasy - like dripping greasy.- Scallops were tough and overcooked; also light on seasoning- Cheese quesadilla: vegetarians take note; the vegetarian items seem to be made in the same area/vessel/fryer as everything else. The quesadilla tasted a lot like my asada tacos - guessing they were cooked side-by-side. The fries that accompanied the tacos tasted more like fish than fries. The black beans are made with lard as well. Just a FYI.All-in-all, I'd go back, but I'd steer clear of the seafood items and go for the more traditional Mexican fare. I saw a table that had ordered fajitas and they looked divine.
5	Excellent food. I had a delicious soup with seafood. The service was great. I give the restaurant and service 5 stars. The best Mexican food in Madison.
