5	My boyfriend and I headed out to Louisianne's on the recommendation of a couple of his friends. We were encouraged to make reservations as the couple noted how this place is frequently filled to capacity every night. Well, Sunday night it's not so. And that's when we went.Louisianne's is located underground, and the atmosphere below is warm and inviting. To the left is the bar with the piano and stage for the jazz bands that play nearly every night. In front of and to the right are small, white-clothed tables. Our service was excellent. Because there happened to be so few people there that night, the host and the waitress were both quite talkative and welcoming. The meal was delicious (you don't need appetizers here - the entree portions are QUITE large). I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back for the nights of live jazz.
5	BEST.CREME.BRULEE.EVER!!And the food, the piano bar, the service is ABSOLUTELY to die for.Louisiannes is the kind of place that you can GENUINELY never go wrong.  It's in an underground cave, very "Adams Family Values" (Ok, isn't it bad that I compare it to a movie), their wine list is VERY extensive, and if you go at ~6ish, there's always the piano man, ready to delect you with a rendition of a bluesy jazzy tune...While I think reservation is HIGHLY recommended (there's like 10 tables at MOST), it just so happens that everytime my husband and I go, we can get in.. Lucky us!!!Seriously, by far one of the BEST restaurants in Madison (whoops Middleton).
5	Yum - I love Louisianne's. A bit fancy for every day, but the food is fantastic, the atmosphere in the restaurant is great and the service has always been good. Very delicious! I can't wait to go back!
3	Grade: CSkip the overpriced, nasty Cajun food and go for the desserts! Very pricey. I plan to give this place another try soon.
5	One of my favorite dining experiences in the Madison area. The underground atmosphere at Louisianne's is quaint yet not unsophisticated; we went on the eve of a snowstorm, so the pianist didn't make it in to play--though I'm sure he would have made a nice dinnertime addition.Service was friendly and efficient. Our lemon artichoke appetizer was excellent--akin to bruschetta, but minus the tomatoes and plus pine nuts and a decadent lemon-y parmesan topping. For an entree, I ordered the blackened catfish with spinach mashed potatoes, and wasn't disappointed... though I will say my fish was seasoned on the heavy side. I didn't mind the additional kick, but you may want to let the staff know if you don't like the sensation of blackened fire-breathing between bites.I was also pleased with the wine selection. And really, how can you go wrong with the chocolate creme brulee for dessert? Thanks, Louisianne's, for a warm, inviting dinner--and for heating me up with enough cajun spice to temporarily make me forget how blustery it is outdoors!
4	Tops: Ambiance, particularly on a cold winter night.  Wine list - well balanced and fairly priced.  Sitting at the bar listening to music - you could do it all night. Food: Good, but can be a bit over-rich at times and it is not cheap. Desserts are uber. Service: For me, it has always been good.
3	Not knock your socks off but good. Atmosphere in the downstairs dining room is nice quiet. A good place to go with friends and have a conversation.  I had the escargot which was good -- could have had a little more garlic. Red beans & rice was especially good. Salad was average. For out of towners staying at the "big box" motels at the edge of town this place is way better than the chain restaurants around the motels and well worth the short walk into town (maybe not in winter).
2	I was really excited to come here and usually really like cajun food. What I got was a plate full of super-salty rice and beans. I couldn't finish it and left hungry. I'm hoping it was just a mistake. I'll give it another try one of these days.
4	I decided, after much positive feedback from clients of mine(and a peek at my fellow yelpers reviews), to surprise my BF with dinner at Louisianne's for our third anniversary tonight. From the moment we walked in, I was really charmed. It has this cavernous feel(in a good, cozy romantic way--not a dank, moldy creepy way) with nice lighting and just all around nice ambiance. Our waitress was good, if a bit overzealous...and I loved the fact that she automatically brought me a small carafe of iced tea when she brought my filled glass. Nice. I'm a heavy(tea) drinker, so this was great! I enjoyed my shrimp and corn chowder, but I would have liked to have seen a bit more shrimp(but when is TOO MUCH shrimp ever possible). I also had roasted shrimp for my entree, which were delicious! Nice spicy flavor, with a ton of rosemary. I wasn't too impressed with the side of spinach and tomatoes, however. The Cabernet reduction that they came DOUSED in was a bit too rich. I wish it had been more of a glaze than a heavy sauce. No matter, I was too full to eat much of it anyhow. My boyfriend seemed surprised and delighted by the coffee roasted chicken with the orange-ricotta sauce( the bite I had was quite tasty). Also, I love the fact that they have live jazz on the piano tues-sat nights starting at 6pm(although tonight he started more like 6:30). It was really nice. We said that we would definitely go another night for drinks and appetizers(which looked tempting) in the bar/lounge area with friends.
5	Louisianne's has seared it's place inside of my restaurant experience. The food is so good, that every time my girlfriend and I consider going to any other restuarant, we would have to consider the huge opportunity cost of not going to Louisianne's.The place is dungeon-esque, but not in a bad way. It's dimly lit, underground, but often times has a pianist setting the New Orleans mood.The food is incredible. Every time we go there we try to get something different, and we're floored by how good the meals are, and how much of it you get. The appetizers were delicious (we've had the platter for two, and the pulled pork crepes), the soup we've had with our entrees were amazing each time, with an intense flavor.Their specials change every time we've been there, and if they don't interest you, their regular menu is always exceptional. We've had the roasted shrimp, the tasso and shrimp fettucine, the maple-cured duck, the steak, the seafood au gratin, and each time not only did we get one delicious meal, but enough to have an amazing lunch the next day.The only con I can give Louisianne's is that they give you so much good food that you can never get to the desserts. This restaurant is the one that my girlfriend and I benchmark all other restaurants by, and before we go out to eat anywhere else, we have to strongly consider the consequences of NOT going to Louisianne's.
3	My boyfriend and I went here on a whim one night.  I was totally underwhelmed.First of all, the service was REEEEEALLY slow.  from the appetizer on down, everything took forever to arrive.The lemon parmesan artichoke hearts were delicious!  the flavors were all perfect.  That was my favorite part of the meal.  My salad was good.  My boyfriend didn't like his soup, so we traded.  The soup was just okay.I ordered the maple cured duck, and I was surprised at how fatty and tough my duck was.  I really had a hard time eating it because the texture in my mouth made me kind of gag.  the veggies it came with were good, and the flavor of the duck was good.  I'm not normally one to order duck, and I really wished I didn't (I was torn about the coffee chicken.  I normally get chicken, but it seemed like an odd combo of flavors). My boyfriend got the seafood au gratin which was much better.The best part was that I was so full on bread by the time my entree arrived that I didn't feel like so much of an ass asking for most of my meal to be put in a doggie bag.  I'd be willing to give this place another chance though.
3	Met some friends here for drinks at the bar, which is shockingly small and not suited for groups larger than 4. The house wines are excellent. I got the lemon artichoke hearts - which were awful, and overpriced. The bread crumbs were drenched in butter and had a greasy feel to them, and the lemon was overpowering. The piano player didn't know any of the songs my friends or I requested - and we weren't making ridiculous requests - what piano player doesn't know Irving Berlin? It's a great place to sit and talk and drink wine, AFTER you've eaten somewhere else.
4	I saw Lousianne's on the news one night.  So I took my boyfriend there for our date night.  We were extremely underdressed for the occasion.  A co-worker had told me it was a little fancier than casual but we went totally casual anyway.  Good news is, it had dim lightening.  We had a drink at the bar and were quickly seated.  I'm a vegetarian, so I tried a pasta dish while my boyfriend had steak.  We had the goat cheese appetizer, it was better than I expected.  It had a sauce to it that had a really unique taste to it.  The entrees were good, I wouldn't say the pasta was worth the price and I wish I would have tried the vegetarian jambalaya.  We topped off the meal with the White chocolate mousse  for dessert.  It was the best part of the whole meal, knocked my socks off.I would recommend this place, especially to meat eaters.  The service was great, our waitress was timely.  She checked in often and never hurried us to finish and leave.
4	All our friends had raved about the food & ambiance, so my wife & I finally decided to try Louisianne's.  The decor is indeed cozy- like a nicely made-up cellar.  There was plenty of room at the bar so we sat there before our reservation time arrived.  Only two beers on tap, but both good local brews from Capital. Eventually sat at our table & perused the menu.  Found many appetizers that sounded really good (including one of the specials that night) so we decided on sharing 2 apps and one entree... seemed like a good way to try a few items without getting too much food.App #1 (the special): gnocchi in a savory cream sauce with crawfish was very tasty.  Seemed a bit light in the gnocchi (I think there were 5 or 6) but made up for it in sauce.  Two thumbs way up.App #2: mussels in cream sauce... I had asked about the size of the mussels ahead of time and was told they were medium to large.  They were in fact medium to small, which was a bit of a bummer because we probably would have gone with a different app had we known.  But the flavors were good & we enjoyed sopping up the sauce with the bread.  And the bread they serve is quite good.  Two thumbs up.Entree: Crawfish Etouffe... I was excited to try this as I hadn't had etouffe in years.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  If you went to a friend's house for dinner and they served this you'd be psyched, but at an upscale Cajun restaurant for $20 you may be left underwhelmed.  Two thumbs halfway up.  The salad that came with was fresh mesclun greens, with a bleu cheese dressing that was chunky but bland.Midway thru our meal the jazz combo started up and sounded really good- definitely added to the atmosphere.  For dessert we shared a slice of key lime pie... nice-tasting but no great shakes.  It seemed to be thickened with gelatin and I suppose I prefer mine to be creamier, plus it was lacking in zing, but only mildly.  Again, if your friend served it you'd rightfully congratulate them but for $6.50 it should be REALLY good.Our server was very nice & professional.  Absolutely no complaints there.The nicest surprise came with the bill- only $70... and that included 5 drinks.We have concluded that the next time we go we'll sit in the bar area and have drinks & apps.
5	Crazy good food, excellent wine list, text book waitstaff. Best atmosphere for date night!  Not good for kids. Make a reservation!!
5	I don't care about "ambiance" or "decor" anymore.  I hit 40 and it doesn't matter to me anymore.I am more concerned about food.This food is awesome.Go, it is incredible.
4	Good food, I would call it New Orleans inspired rather then real creole cooking. That said I have never had bad service or bad food here. It is really nice setting for a date or dinner out. Not too spicy to scare the native Wisconsin's, including my wife.
3	Had a reservation at 7:15pm but when we arrived we were told we needed to wait 15 mins. That was annoying because that defeats the purpose of making a reservation. After that they found us a tiny table next to two large tables. The atmosphere was loud and cramped. The food however was great. I had the Bouillabaisse which felt like something from Louisiana because it had a thick earthy and spicy base. The seafood was fresh and it came with homemade fettuccine.  If the atmosphere had been better I would make myself a regular.
4	In case you don't know, Louisianne's has started serving lunch, The good news is that it is inexpensive and delicious. I had a cup of shrimp bisque that was outstanding, and the grilled chicken po'boy tasted very fresh (the shredded romaine lettuce was much appreciated). The only bad news is the general ambience of the upstairs lunch area . . . rather dark and uninviting.
5	I've been to many restaurants in Middleton, but this is by far my favorite, and for a number of reasons. The food was excellent: I had a scallop and shrimp special. The service was excellent: Seated promptly, waitress prompt, professional and spoke very clearly when it came to the specials. The atmosphere is unique: In the basement of a building, but you wouldn't think so when you're there. Piano player, Great Martini! So when you're in Middleton, I suggest you stop here! (And Marnie is correct on the raspberry vinaigrette dressing with actual raspberries in it!!)
4	Think upscale semi-authentic Luisiana with a romantic jazz overtone. The food is really quite great, and I would never pass up the catfish. It was blackened and served with a sauce that was indescribable. For a starter I got the stuffed mushrooms with tasty craw fish filling. For desert... yeah that wasn't going to happen I was stuffed! The total bill for me was $37, which was reasonable considering the quality, ambience and how friendly the service was.The only missing star was that we had trouble finding our server as we were trying to pay our bill (it had already been dropped off but then he was gone!)
2	Yelpers, you let me down! I was on my business trip to WI, and i was very excited about trying this restaurant!  boy, it was a huge disappointment.  have crab puff pastry as appetizer.  this was pretty decent dish.  the puff pasty came out flaky, just how it should be.  i could taste the crab flavor and almond crisps. it was very delicious. I also ordered the lobster bisque.  bisque was on the salty side, but it was ok with the bread.  i wish i could have stopped my meal here....  Everyone on yelp was raving about their raspberry sauce on the house salad.  so i ordered that just to try the raspberry dressing, and huge disappointment.  it came with this layer of oil, and not enough "sauce".  when i poured onto my salad it was just drenched in oil.  i didn't even eat the salad.  I had the steak special of the night and it was not good at all!  the meat was over cooked charred (i like my meat medium rare), the rice was undercooked, it was crunch, and the sauce was not good at all, it did not compliment the dish.   i only ate the shrimp.  it was $35 dish i only picked shrimp from itThe service was soooooo slow that night.  usually i enjoy my meals like these but that night i wanted just GET OUT OF THERE! the server took forever to bring out my dishes and i was getting really impatient.  for the amount of time at was at the table, she didn't come by to check up on me when i needed anything.  ugh.  never again.
5	Was visiting Madison for Epic Training last year and came here with some coworkers.AWESOME!! Everything I had was delicious. Tried escargot for the first time and it was wonderful. It was drenched in some savory buttery sauce and topped with a puff pastry...OMG. We also tried the crab puffs, they were also delicious.Can't remember exactly what my entree was but it had bacon in it and was great too. The chocolate creme brulee was lovely.Back in Madison this week and will be going here tomorrow.
5	We met another couple here for dinner.  Love the ambiance, the smell, the courtesy of the staff.  It's all good.  But the food was especially excellent.  I ordered the Pecan Catfish.  Wow!!!  It was baked to perfection with darkened spices making it the perfect spiciness!!!  I loved it!  Veggies were fresh and crisp.  We had an excellent Pinot Grigio off the list.  The others ordered tenderloin cordon bleu, which was raved about.  There was a shrimp and pork loins special.  That got thumbs up and then another shrimp dish that came on a bed of fresh spinach, which I think she wished she had rice or pasta instead, but she did like it.  Love coming here and always recommend it to friends!
5	Went again and it was AMAZING as usual. Went with a group of coworkers and we started out with escargot, crab puffs and stuffed mushrooms...YUMFor the entree's I had some pork masterpiece that was a featured dish and it was divine. For dessert I believe I had the dark chocolate creme brulee again. It was another great experience!
4	If you like spicy drinks, try the Cajun Martini. Lots of nice offerings in this cozy place, but Cajun/Creole cuisine is their forte, especially the seafood. Romantic, subterranean dining room unlike anything else you'll find in Madison. Hard to believe you're in beautiful downtown Middleton.
1	if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
3	Be careful as you enter this place, the steps are steep as you are going in the basement. Also, the carpet on the steps is very dirty, makes you wonder what the kitchen looks like. Four of us had dinner and overall the food is good. Service a little slow but very friendly. The place is cramped and the music was loud, so it was difficult to have a conversation at the table. For the price of the meal you can do much better than this restaurant.
4	Awesome food. Definitely a good place to eat if it is your first time in Madison, WI.
5	After hearing great reviews of Louisianne's, my husband and I decided to give it a try.  We went for appetizers and drinks rather than a full meal.  We sat at the bar and had excellent service by the bartender.  When we first arrived it wasn't very crowded, but after 10 minutes the bar was packed with people. The atmosphere was cozy and very welcoming with the live piano music.We had the "combination for 2" (crab puffs, barbecue shrimp, and stuffed mushrooms) and an order of the mussels for a total of $20.  The mussels were filling since they are in a cream sauce and served with yummy bread.  The combination plate was also excellent.  We were pleasantly full and enjoyed a nice bottle of wine for around $55.  It is nice to see a high quality restaurant in Middleton!  We will definitely be back again!
3	My Experience at Louisianne's was JUST OK. I have heard a lot of people talk about this place so I gave it a try. I went on a Friday night by myself and Sat at the Bar. Not really the type of place you can sit at the bar.  It's very small, there is no television, and hardly any stools. They have live music on the weekends so the place was very loud. My Bartender was the only one behind the bar and the restaurant was pretty busy. So, as you can imagine my service was slow. I had the crab puff pastry and BBQ Shrimp as an appetizer. The Crab Pastry was very good. The BBQ Shrimp however were not. I was surprised they left the shell on the shrimp when they serve it. For my main entree I had the Coffee Crusted Chicken and a half order of jambalaya. They wouldn't let me have jambalaya as a side so I had to order half a plate of it If i wanted to try it. The Chicken was very moist and flavorful.  A lot sweeter than I had anticipated but good. The jambalaya was very disappointing. Overall, I would say it was just ok.
2	We decided to sit at the bar and have our dinner there so we could listen to the piano player.  We waited a very long time to place a drink order, while watching the bartender stand and converse with other patrons. Then, it was an even longer wait to order dinner.  (empty tables all over, so it wasn't due to being busy)  We weren't sure who was supposed to be taking care of us, the bartender or a waitress.   The bartender took our drink order after a long wait, and then after that, finally a waitress came by as asked,  "I guess you want to hear our specials?"  She took our order and we never saw her again.  Water came half way through our meal from the bartender.  Our empty plates sat on our table for 25 minutes.  We felt very unattended to and almost a bother to the staff.  The food is excellent, however, and that just makes it tolerable to go there.  It is not an inexpensive place to eat, and it feels like a place where you should have excellent service.  I got tired of trying to flag someone down all evening.
5	Best place in the world, I cant endorse this shit enough. Best meal is as follows (although ive had other things here, all good, nothing touches this one)App: Crawfish cheesecake, sounds weird but is best of Wisconsin and Louisiana at once. Cheese and crawfish. Done. Entree: Their special filet, basically take everything that is great and put it on a filet. Nothing more to say. Goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes makes this.Desert: Chocolate creme brulee, exactly as it sounds, would choke a homeless person for this (wont be missed).Live music also sometimes.
5	The moment you walk in you are transported into another time and place. They had live music that fit the scene, made the atmosphere, and stayed background enough to have a conversation - check it out Tuesdays through Saturdays.Order the pecan catfish with the crawfish BBQ on top, aka "Maria's special". It sounds wacky but the pecans really go with the blackened catfish. The tasso and shrimp fettuccine - a combination of shrimp, smoked ham, and mustard cream sauce sounds like a questionable combination but it is soothing, hot soul food at its fanciest. Everything we ate had depth, richness, and finesse. If you are a soup snob, definitely get the soup over the salad option. Presentation was lacking but I don't think that's the point of soul food.  Service is sassy but whole-hearted. We walked in without reservations at 7pm on a Friday and when we asked if we could sit at the bar we were told "yeah, if you can find seats".  We found a couple stools and ordered dinner at the bar. It isn't bend over backwards service, but they are real people and sometimes that's better. Maria, our bartender who's worked there 13 years, gave excellent food and drink recs and was really attentive despite the rush - she basically made our night. It's a great place to bring guests if you want to head off to a chill and unexpected place. Even better if you're prepared to stuff your faces with well-executed comfort food. Try the Sazerac if you want a stiff, sweet drink and the Hurricane if you want a fruity, refreshing beverage that punches like a Long Island. The crowd here is mature and casually well-dressed.
5	We had a wonderful experience at Louisianne's. We had reservations for dinner, but happened to be seated next to a rather loud group of men. Since the restaurant was completely full, we asked if we might be able to be seated in the bar area instead (which was much quieter). They quickly accomodated our request and we had an enjoyable conversation throughout dinner. The food was excellent and a musician softly played piano in the background. The service was prompt, helpful, and friendly. Terrific night out!
4	Quiet, quaint and awesome. The place is tucked away and underground. Piano man in the bar area playing jazz and lounge tunes. Had escargot, wine and barracuda. At how many other places can you say you have all of those at once, AND underground. Zero! This place is good. Priced well for what you get too. Couldn't finish it all.
4	Wow!  What a find!  Outside of the worn carpet on the stairs on the way down, this place is pretty awesome.  Very quaint, very, very quaint as you are literally underground.  I loved the feel of the place and the atmosphere.  The food did not disappointment either.  The escargot were absolutely perfect, perfect, one of the best I have yet to have and I have had them in many different place.  For my entree I went with the Crayfish etoufee and I am glad I did.  Excellent roux, plenty of crayfish, perfectly cooked rice.  Excellent overall.  I would give it 5 starts but the dessert menu is very, very pedestrian and not inspired.  Would go back again though and again.
5	Steps are a bit hard for us oldies but the food made up for it. Three of us, our son has been there before, thought mom and dad  should too..Started with mussels, and crab puffs, both were so good, we went through  three baskets of bread with them. The raspberry dressing on salad was a bit tart, my only complaint, and one had soup.I had the duck , which was super good, one had the seafood au gratin, and one etouffee...we were all pleased and all took home left overs.........We split a piece of the peanut butter pie...and one had coffee..we had a fun time drove 70 miles to get there.
3	We enjoyed our visit to this restaurant however the waitress makes or breaks the evening.  More on that later.We started at the bar and the bar tender was super cool.  He made a fantastic Sazerac, one of the oldest cocktails in the USA.  The four of us admired the decor of the establishment in addition to the fun columns throughout that separated the patrons making it a more private experience.  This place is in a basement  and the columns separate everyone, different than all the open air structures these days.We had reservations and were seated about 10 minutes late however we were flexible.  The waitress was not very friendly and did not smile.  She was making the motions.  Likely tired because it was Badger Homecoming Saturday and they were busy.  We were celebrating a birthday and asked if they did anything special.  She said I don't know and can check.  When she came back she said if you buy a desert, we can put a candle in it.  What??  What restaurant does not do something for a birthday.  Oh well, move on...Each of us DID enjoy our meal.  We had the Crawfish Cheesecake for appetizer.  It was like a cheesecake?  Different and good.  Two of us ordered separate specials and the other two ordered items off the menu.  None of us could finish and we enjoyed leftovers the next day.  The food was rich and heavy, comfort food like.  If you are on a diet you'd need to be selective because no calories are spared here.In summary a happy waitress and a little birthday treat and this place would be through the roof!
4	Stopped in for a drink on Monday night. A few observations:   Drinks: My martini and cosmopolitans were delicious. S. really enjoyed his whisky sour. Drinks were very good.   Food: For an appetizer, we ordered the crab cakes. I had the Pecan-Encrusted Catfish and the seafood bisque, and S. had the pork entree and the pork and sweet potato soup. We were both very impressed. I don't even eat meat, but I tried S.'s pork entree and it was A M A Z I N G. And I can't say enough good things about the catfish. I was so glad to have some left over, which I ate cold the next morning!     Service: Our server was so, so wonderful. I wish I could remember his name. Young guy, dark hair, thin. He recommended essentially all of our food to us, and we were happy with all of it. The bartender also came by and checked to make sure I liked my cosmo (I wasn't sure I'd like it). She was quite friendly.Will definitely go back the next time we are in Madison.
4	Fun, warm, lively catacomb place, often with piano music. Food is always really good. I want to hang out here more.
5	I've brought business contacts and executives from my firm to Louisiannes'.  Always they have been impressed with the quality of the food, the ambiance of the facility and the attentiveness of the staff.  It compares well with top quality restaurants all over the world.
3	Just ok because my bar for New Orleans food is quite insurmountable!  But I give honest reviews.  Whoever is in the kitchen can season food like nobody's business!  It is great food.  Seafood was not fresh though and they really do not have Bread Pudding on the menu!  That tells me that the chef is not from Louisiana at all.  Prices are too high, way to high!  Jambalaya for $20!  Ridiculous really.  A pot of that for 10 people cost $20.   But if you want great atmosphere and good food that is just seasoned well, go.  Drinks are reasonable and service is fantastic.
5	We went here for my sister in law's birthday. I was anxious because my last time here was so unappealing, but this time was a whole different story! We ordered four appetizers to split and all of them were delicious. I had a steak which was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent. The wine they recommended was delicious. We split several desserts and they were delicious as well. I'm still on the fence about the place but our last time there was good enough that I will give it another chance to make my final decision.
4	My husband and I went to Louisianne's recently after we sold our condo and got a Middleton Chamber of Commerce gift certificate from our real estate agent (Leslie Blum, she's great!).We wanted to use the opportunity to have a special date night and go somewhere a bit more upscale than we usually do. Having never been to Louisianne's in the 5 years that I've lived in Middleton, I suggested we try it out.I give the atmosphere of this place a solid five stars. Although it has an rather bland looking storefront, the inside of the restaurant is anything but. You walk into Louisianne's and immediately head downstairs. It's all stone and looks like you're walking into a cool cave or something. It's dark, but there's a lot of ambiance. I've been to New Orleans, and it definitely has that sort of vibe to it. It's romantic, fun, and not what you'd expect from the outside. I felt like we were on vacation while we were there. Also, there was a live jazz band playing and they were really rocking. It was awesome!We went at about 8pm on a Friday night had to wait about ten minutes for a table, which was fine. While we waited, we ordered drinks at the bar and watched the band. I had red wine, and my husband had Jameson on the rocks. We were seated and ordered the Pecan Crab Cakes as an appetizer. They were good, probably just 3 stars though, as they tasted a lot like other Midwestern crab cakes that I've had before. They were heavy on bread and light on crab...with a lot of Old Bay seasoning. Again, they weren't bad at all, but not spectacular.Next, we ordered some more wine and our entrees (more on those in a minute).  We were given a choice of soup or salad with our entrees and we each ordered soup. They had two soups of the day: a shrimp -corn chowder (which I got), and a tomato-based pulled pork stew that was like chilli (which my husband had). Both soups were fantastic! Definitely 5 stars for the soup. I'll take a minute here to comment that I enjoy going to traditional restaurants from time to time, places where soup/salad and bread are included with your meal instead of everything being ala-cart. (It reminds me of dining in Wisconsin supper clubs as a child). By the way, the bread basket was delicious and was quickly replenished by the waitress after we ate all of the bread within 30 seconds of sitting down because it was warm and toasty (and served with soft butter) and we were starving! Onto the entrees! My husband absolutely LOVED his dish. He claims that it was possibly "the best thing I've ever had in a restaurant". He chose the Coffee Roasted Chicken, which featured a bed of (homemade) fettuccine topped with a coffee-crusted bone-in grilled chicken breast, in a "hazelnut, orange, ricotta sauce". I think there was spinach in it too. The pasta was perfectly al dente, the grilled chicken moist, and the sauce was rich and creamy. It almost reminded me of a Thai peanut sauce, but with hazelnuts instead. Although it sounded like something that could become cloyingly sweet, it was not. It had a nice subtle umami essence in addition to the sweetness. Delicious. 5 stars.The reason that Louisianne's is not getting a five star review from me, however, is due to my entree, which I felt was very underwhelming. We don't eat pasta at home for health reasons, so I usually get it when we go somewhere nice as a special treat. I chose the tasso and shrimp fettuccine because it was homemade pasta, and because it featured authentic New Orleans style ingredients (for the unfamiliar, tasso is basically spicy ham). The shrimp and tasso pieces in my pasta were well-cooked, but they were sparse. The dish also featured mushrooms, and they were fabulous...probably the best part. However, the pasta was supposed to have a "Creole mustard cream sauce", and it didn't really. The sauce was very light, and had little flavor. It was kind of sad, because I was really hoping to be wowed and I wasn't. I'd say my item was probably 3 stars, and would have been awesome if only the sauce had been a bit more pronounced and flavorful. The service was adequate. Nothing remarkable in either a good or a bad way.Summary: I'd definitely return. I think Lousianne's Etc. is a decently nice restaurant overall, and is great for special occasions. Their primary issue, from both my own experience as well as the reviews on Yelp, seems to be consistency. Some menu items are fabulous, and others are meh. The major problem with this is that Louisianne's  menu is at a price point where people only go occasionally...so the restaurant basically has one shot to impress, and if they fail at that, guests won't return for a second chance. I think this explains why the Yelp reviews for Louisianne's are so polarized.
3	Came here based upon Yelp reviews. I was expecting a dive place, like all the other cajun places I've been to, but that's not this place. Dark mood lighting in the basement of an old house. Small menu and very pricey. Not what I was expecting at all. I ordered the blackened catfish and a beer. The catfish and the jambalaya  were the two least expensive entrees in the low $20's per each. Pleasantly surprised by the large portion of grilled vegies and handmade mashed potatoes that came with the catfish. Amazing flavor and worth the money. The menu didn't mention the sides included. Friend ordered the jambalaya and let me try it. The blackened catfish was way better.
5	I love this place.  I love the ambiance, the food, and the drinks.  It's even better when they have a lounge singer in the background.
5	My husband took me here in our very first date (7years ago) and every year we make a visit. I am absolutely addicted to their crawfish cheesecake and my goodness the crab puffs are amazing. Every visit I contemplate getting a platter of the crab puffs for myself and no one else. The bartenders have always been outstanding with their recommendations and drink specials and extremely friendly when waiting for your table. I love the atmosphere and the waitresses are usually on point and keep our water glasses full which is my biggest pet peeve. Definitely make this a stop if you enjoy and intimate atmosphere with rich food. I am still keeping it 5 stars despite my one issue which is there has rarely (if any) been a menu change in the 7 years of me eating there. Their nightly/weekly specials --when available are delicious, too!
4	This little place has been on our list for awhile and we finally made it last Friday night!  It was a cold windy night, so descending into a warm cozy basement space seemed to fit!  We were greeted by a cheery hostess who promptly seated us at a corner table.  Johnny Chimes was at the piano, which set a perfect tone for the evening.  Our waitress greeted us and we ordered up some fabulous food!The shrimp and corn chowder was perfectly creamy, spicy, and loaded with shrimp.  Our entrees were the Etouffee with crawfish and the roasted shrimp.  The etouffee was deliciously spiced with a generous portion of crawfish that tasted like mini lobsters!  The roasted shrimp were outstandingly fresh and served over a bed of lightly wilted spinach with balsamic glazed onions and topped with parm...so fresh and delectable.Friendly service, cozy space, outstanding cajun cuisine...we will definitely be going back!
5	Found this little gem of a place while in Madison last weekend.The restaurant is in the basement of a building which you access through an outside stairwell on the side. A cheerful hostess greeted us as we descended the stairs into the restaurant. We were seated in an area where we couldn't see the piano, but we could hear it. The live music and singing were very soft and relaxing. The mood lighting is dark but warm, and along with the decor gives this place a nice, cozy, romantic feel.We had an 8:30 pm dinner reservation, so most of the people already there were finishing up as we came in. So this made for a nice, quiet, charming evening after the day's noise and hustle.I ordered the Crawfish Etouffee and my date ordered the Seafood Au Gratin. The Etouffee was SUPURB. Not too spicy, but just enough. Lots of marvelous flavor, and a good sized portion served on a plate surrounded by white rice. The Seafood Au Gratin was OUTSTANDING. The cheese sauce was very hearty and rich, served over linguini pasta. The food took a little on the long side to come out, but it was well worth the wait. The waitress was cheerful and attentive, and the manager stopped by to check on us, which is always appreciated. We walked out of there well-fed and very happy. If you're looking for a charming restaurant for a nice evening out, Louisianne's is the place.
