5	Tried it for the first time today and I'm already thinking about going back tomorrow.  I explained to the very friendly and knowledgable manager that it was my first time and she explained everything to me. I decided on the Tropical Cooler and it was amazing!!  The first sip was unbelievable! The perfect blend of flavors and texture was amazing! I already felt like I was doing my body good by drinking this smoothie. I will be back tomorrow and I have a feeling that my punch card will be filling up soon.
5	I Love this Store-The Date Nut Smoothie is wonderful!! And The manager Kaci plus all the other employees are great too!! I will definitely be back!!
5	Soooooo happy the east side finally has an amazing juice bar-NEKTER-Love all of the juice options and the staff are amazingly fun and friendly!    This will bet 2nd home
5	Friendly staff service is great love the bowls. Love everything. Hey have a shot of ginger!
4	Great juice bar. Good recipes for green juices. I tried the greenie and the detox. I like the detox one the best out of the two but they both were yummy! Our order took a little bit longer than other juice bars and the ambient techno music was on the loud side so it made it irritating to listen to; that's why it's 4 stars. The decor is nice, not sure why loads of money was probably spent on fake fruits and veggies that line the juice bar but whatevs. It looks nice. I wish they were open until 9p like everything else in the plaza. I will be coming back to try the acai bowls.
4	Friendly, happy staff. This place is clean and organized. Their acai bowls are delicious . I have never tried the smoothies, b/c I am an acai kind of girl, so I can't speak to those. BUT the bowls are awesome. I like the banana berry bowl (I add coconut) best. The tropical is also very good. I give 4 instead of 5 b/c I don't think there is enough berry on top of the berry bowl. I've ordered tons of acai bowls from many different places, and this place FOR SURE gives the fewest berries on top. AND they do not have a phone yet (?!?). I tried to call in a big order of berry bowls, but could find no number. I was directed to a voicemail from a corporate 1-800 number. So, I'm knocking off a star for the lack of berries and because phone-in orders are not an option. Otherwise, this place is great! Authentic ingredients and creative mixtures. I Highly recommend!!
2	I have been to this location twice now and while the juice is great the service is horrible. Today I stood at the counter for five minutes before I was even acknowledged by anyone and when someone finally came out I asked them questions about the cleanse and got one word answers and she seemed very disinterested in helping me. Their aren't many choices for juice in the East Valley and I would like a more friendly experience when I walk in to this one.
