4	Came here upon a recommendation from a friend while at Dos Gringos. So glad we did! The host was very friendly and seated us right away. The decor and ambience were perfect. Came here with my girlfriend, but would be perfect for a date night. Our server was Sal and we loved him. Very friendly, helfpul and knowledgable, even though he was new. We started with the zucchini chips with garlic aioli. They were light and delicious, and the aoili was amazing! They were out of the free bread so he brought some pancake thing, which was great as well, and served with a super spicy and tasty pico de gallo. I can't handle spice well, but she was in love with it. We split the tequila glazed salmon...yum! It was cooked perfect with mango on top, lime cilantro rice and a wonderful concoction of potato, bacon and mushroom. I would not have thought all those would go well together but it worked...like magic! The only area for improvement that I could see were the drinks. She had a orange cream thing, and it wasn't good. Very creamy, which Sal warned us about, but it was just too rich. I had a strawberry margarita - not bad, but not great. There was also some guy, who I suspect is a manager or owner, but it was hard to tell since he was wearing plaid shorts, a t-shirt and skate shoes...on a Saturday night. I'm not super into appearances, but everyone else is dressed up and he should be too. Unless he was just some random guy - then he can wear whatever he wants, but don't ask me about my food. All in all, loved it, recommend it and will be going back soon!
1	Purchased a groupon for Urbano and excited to try a Latin fusion restaurant in old town Scottsdale. Although the server was extremely kind and attentive we were sadly let down by the food. It started out well with the ambiance and look-shabby chic. We had the complementary fried plantains with spicy pico de gallo and chipotle mayo which was very good. We then had the beef and potato empanadas-they were light and crispy but beef & potatoes were kind of bland. They were good when enhanced with the pico & mayo. We also ordered the green chili burger which sounded very promising but was more like a picnic burger w/ a store bought sesame seed bun and flavorless meat. It came with fries that had crushed pepper, parsley, cotija cheese and were completely boring in taste. The spices didn't compliment the already dull fries. We also had the fish tacos that sounded divine but were fishy, (tilapia) and fell flat. All these dishes had going for them was the spicy pico de gallo. Needless to say we will not be back and would not recommend this place.
3	Went with 6 friends for dinner & drinks, one member of the party was using a groupon and the waitress informed us upfront that she would not be able to receive happy hour drink prices & the groupon on the same bill...I'm not sure I agree but at least she told us upfront!The party was seated before all the guests arrived and so the early birds received warm banana chips and the tardy ones did not.  I was disappointed the server didn't bring them a basket to share.I enjoyed 3 cherry blossom drinks throughout the evening.  I assumed the drinks made me feel warm but when the group exited the dinning room we all complained of "swamp ass"...We all agreed that it was far to warm inside to be comfortable.I ordered the Spicy Shrimp Ceviche, which I thought was delicious but I didn't have enough for all chips that were provided.  The Empanads were tasty but for $7 I expected more than 2.  We ordered Mac & Queso both ways (traditional with Hatch Chili and Urban Way with Chorizo)  The traditional was absolutely fantastic! I will order this every time I eat here.Almost everyone in the group ordered different entrees and since it was my party- I sampled a few different ones.  The Sante Fe fettuccini Alfredo was ordered with chicken and was not as "heavy" as expected but still I would reserve this for an evening where I was feeling hungry.  The vegetarian in the group is sometimes difficult to please due to her diet restriction but she was happy to have at least 3 menu options to choose from.  In the end she chose the Pomodoro Pasta and it was good.  For my own entree, I chose the Sweet Tequila Glaze Salmon and was disappointed with the fish but loved the Bacon-Jalapeno Potatoes with sauted mushrooms.Unfortunately none of us had room left for dessert.
