5	This HW salon is probably amongst one of the very few unpretentious high end jewelry salons in the U.S.  It is not a huge HW salon in comparison to the Beverly Hills salon or the Manhattan flagship.  It carries a very good classic selection of HW engagement rings, fashion pieces, watches, and several fine color stone pieces.  Even though I did not end up sealing an engagement ring deal here, Tony, the salon manager, and his staff were very patient, gracious, and professional.  I would not hesitate to buy from this location if I am to acquire a HW piece.
5	So, I'm in no position to really be saying yes let's go to Harry Winston, but let's admit it - what girl isn't a big fan of diamonds?  As far as diamonds go, I'm a big fan.  A bright shinning star fan.  So when we passed Harry's we had to go in.  (Well we didn't have to, but I'm dating a man that has an affinity for pretty things too - he's dating me, right?)I put on a necklace that I swear to you I would have worn vaccumming, and nothing else.  Of course Harry only has colorless diamonds.  I was infatuated.  Then William Friskhorn showed us a piece (a necklace) that is one of a kind.  None other in the world right now.  It was a mere 350k.  I choked.  I also tried to make my beautiful green eyes sparkle as much as the diamonds.I tried on a 5 carat emerald cut VS1 (or 2) ring with baquettes.  I started shaking.  We had to get out of there because I started sweating.  I'm not ready for that.  But it was the most beautiful piece I have ever placed upon my hand.  I'm telling you, this ring could have competed with Grace Kelly's 10 carat.  It was AH--- MAZING....So I've said enough about the diamonds, let me get to the store itself.  Not pretentious and there for service.  These jewelers know their stuff.  Treat you with respect, and really, really were polite.  I carefully placed William'ss card in Joe's wallet right behind the AmEx (just in case)...we did discuss my necklace choices over dinner.  But none came home.  A girl can keep dreaming.  If and when we do go back, I'd love to make to to Harry's.  As an addendum - I had to update my review with William's name.  I mean I did do a great job on product placement in his wallet.  I had to text my beau and he had it right where I had left it and was able to provide me with William's full name.William was professional and knowledgable.  (And pretty hot I might add).  Go in there and ask for him - he really made the experience so much fun for us.  Especially me!!I'd even consider naming my Corgi Winston...I love the name Winston!!
