5	Adonis is a magical place.  Not only does it sell fresh produce, great meats and cheeses, and other common super market items, but it boasts some that I'd never find at my local US super market.  There are TONS of Middle Eastern ingredients, far more than any "International Aisle" at an American market.  I even saw quail eggs sold here, and I'm pretty sure those are only available in the US in specialty markets.  I've never seen them myself, but maybe I'm wrong.  In any case, it's a lovely place.  My family shops here every time we visit Montreal.  My parents tend to rush through this Mecca, so they can quickly get in line and get out.  I, on the other hand, would prefer to take my time, but alas, they aren't here for me.  They're here to stock up on all their favorite Middle Eastern canned and jarred goods they can't find as conveniently or cheaply on our side of the border.  Adonis will forever have my heart!  For that reason alone, I sometimes wish I lived in Montreal... :(
4	For anyone traveling from the 'States to Montreal and visiting Adonis, you MUST check out this supermarket for (are you ready for this?) the cooked food and baked goods.  Now before I tell you about my lunchtime visit, let me tell you about the actual grocery market.  For my fellow Washington, DC friends, the best way for me to describe this Mediterranean market is to ask you close your eyes and picture a magical place that combines H-mart, Wegmans, Lenanese Taverna market, a local Halal butcher and a grand bakery all under one large roof....Yes, that is Adonis...For those of you in Canada that don't know what an H-mart or Wegmans is...no worries as you can go to Adonis and rest assured its a good thing.  Aisles after aisles of wonderful products from the Middle East, the Mediterranean and all over the world.  Fresh produce stacked up high with the bright color lit up even more by the natural light pouring in from the grand windows.  To walk into Adonis is to experience sensory overload as you mind screams, "I want that!  And that!  Oooh!  And that too!!"Just when you thought you saw the best of the store, you'll come across the baked good section and the "grill" area.  OMG...food heaven.  The baked goods has sweet treats that will make any dieter cheat and a fellow fat boy like me cry with delight.  You have cookies, baklava, fruit tarts, chocolates, eclairs...EVERYTHING your heart can desire.  But before you dive into a sweet treat, you spot today's tasty offerings at the grill.Walking over to the grill (see my pix) there is a plethora of traditional Lebanese type dishes.  From kibbeh to stuffed zucchini to my favorite dish (I can't think of the name) consisting of shredded chicken, rice, pistachios and slivered almonds.  Dear God help from eating every single thing in this display case!  Then there was your choice of rotisserie chicken or a whole grilled chicken who's skins was flaky and crisp which effectively conserves some warm juicy meat that's to die for...Yes, I enjoyed as many of these dishes as I could....a veritable smorgasbord of delicious Lebanese food on which I gorged myself.  I was in heaven, stuffing my face with handfuls of grilled chicken, kibbeh an other amazing food.  Everything was fresh, everything tasted great and although my stomach was bulging, I could barely stop eating.When I finally reached a stopping point I sat back satisfied (yet a bit embarrassed for eating so much) and wished we had just such a place back home in Washington, DC.  I wanted my own Adonis market in my backyard where I could dine on fresh food anytime I wanted.  I would have given Adonis 5 stars had it not been for the chaotic checkout set-up.  The checkout lines are similar to those found in the 'States way back in the early 80's...unable to effectively deal with crowds.  Lines for the checkout cause a lot of congestion near the front of the store creating a "wall" of people and shopping carts through which you must navigate through when entering or exiting the store.  Just crazy...Yet despite the madness of the checkout lines...Adonis, you have made me a fan!  Any visit future visits to Montreal will earn a visit to this fine mega market full of epicurean delights.  :-)
5	Most amazing arabic market in town. This place has everything. It is so delicious. You can eat there or take food home. Also you will find non-arabic things like cereal, and great fruits. It is a wonderful market and the quality is great. Parking is crazy but it is very nice. In winter they have underground parking as well.
5	If I were monied & had a car with chauffeur (of course),this would be my primary and probably the ONLY grocery store where I'd shop. Fresh high quality produce, a butcher, cheese, nut,bread/pastry,and prepared food counters with so much to choose from,it's downright dizzying. Arabic and Euro specialties,lots of  choice and products one normally doesn't see in the downtown stores. Great grocery store,not cheap but you get what you pay for,and the quality is excellent.
5	Supermarket on Steroids!!!! NOT to be missed! Bring lots of Canadian Money, (they dont take AMEX) not because things are expensive but because you wont be able to resist filling your carriage with goodies! Love, Love, Love this place! Bring a cooler and stop on your way home to the states!
5	Our hotel is within walking distance to Adonis so we went there to check it out. Holy cow, we were blown away by the selection of cheese, olives, and baked goods. The price was extremely reasonable. We picked up some baklavas and Turkish Delights to enjoy back at the hotel.  Would definitely recommend this Marche to anyone who's lucky enough to be nearby.
4	For me this is one of the old skool Adonis locations that has the feel to an old time supermarket (like an old Safeway when I was growing up in W Canada).  They excel for me in being cheaper than most of the supermarket competitors while having a curious selection of middle eastern and mediterranean goods, prepared foods and different ingredients plus a delicious bakery!I come for some of the marinated meats and a few prepared rice dishes.  It's a great change from the regular monotony of rotating dinners we tend to do.  My recommendation however is that you come in the early AM unless you enjoy being rammed in your heel by someone with a shopping cart behind you!  For me it's all about getting in and out quick fast and what I came for!  If you use this game plan it may work for you!  If you go late in the afternoon make sure you come with your best patience!
