4	Went here with my friends to test out the new taster menu before the official launch of Three Birds. (Half-off, woo!)First impressions: Similar layout to the previous restaurant Le Mouton Noir, but a bit lightened up. Great intimate and cosy vibes with approximately 9 tables. Also worth mentioning that the staff are all delightful and really knowledgable to the new menu. You would have thought they had been working there for a while. The menu looked delectable, and as a result we took some time in deciding. Our waitress was very attentive and enjoyed answering our questions with enthusiasm. There was a great mix on the menu. There is a decent selection of bites/sides along with starters and mains (about 4 or so) with a few specials on the boards. We went for: - Pigs ears with salt and aioli (see photo)- Large Vegetarian Mezze platter with goodies such as curried lentils, kimchi, oatcakes and hummus, pickled egg with beetroot, some sort of beetroot coleslaw, amazing spicy sweet potato cakes, and Asian cucumber. All displayed on a wooden board to share. (see photo) - The special of oxcheeks with a star anise jus. This was a bit small. The portion was lacking for the price. Mains we got: - Eggs ontop of tomato sauce with pine nuts, goats cheese, and flat bread. This was delicious, really enjoyed it as an interesting lunch. Nice and hot and presented in a frying pan (see photo) - Chicken thigh with rocket and tomato slices. It was expected that we pita chips in the salad were to be crispy, however they arrived a bit soggy. There was also an absence of balsamic on the salad, when the menu clearly stated the dressing was to contain my friend's favourite vinegar. Though, the waitress promptly brought over a small carafe with balsamic to drizzle atop the chicken salad when asked. Was a struggle to cut the chicken into smaller pieces because the bowl was quite small, however the flavours were an appealing balance of lemon with sweetness of the tomatos.- Smoked mackerel on a baguette. Looked delightful however could have used an extra piece of bread. A bit small for a main. Overall I'll be back. This was week 1 and it was delightful. I can't wait to see how they progress with their menu and frequent this local when I can!  p.s they have Wi-Fi!
5	Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere.From the moment we walked in we felt welcome, at ease and we were definitely well fed. My hoarse throat was noticed and some prosecco was offered, which was a nice touch.  After a vegetarian mezze platter, we then had a lovely red wine with our "Big Cow" (essentially a giant board with a big 600g steak, bag of fries and some small sides).Dessert was a gorgeous brioche and butter pudding, and my partner had a dessert as well, but I can't remember what it was - he definitely enjoyed it however.Perfectly cosy for our anniversary, and while more than we would normally spend on dinner out (we've had a low income for a while), it was a special occasion and well worth it.  We'll go back for sure.
4	Hhhhh
5	Great food for even better value.Fun and great presentation of great simple food.Friendly people and cozy place - highly recommendable.
5	Oh my oh my!!! Did I not like this!!!!!! Yum!Came here for a friends birthday with a very food savvy crowd of people, mainly waiters and waitresses from some of Edinburghs best eateries and I think I can say we all left very impressed with what we found.Before starters we also had a plate of the Crispy Pig Ears, yep thats no typo...pigs ear. And im happy to report they were delicious served with a nice aioli and sea salt.For starter I opted for the pigeon breast on a bed of peas and pine nuts. Simple cooking and really delicious. The pigeon was pink, juicy and so tender. Winter might be coming but at least that means game birds are back on the menu yuuuum!!.For main out of a table of 14, 11 of us went for the same thing!!! The steak special cooked in a bone marrow butter. OH LORD....... I had mine rare and as well as being perfectly cooked the flavour was incredible. The marrow flavour was there to be enjoyed. Superb.Deserb, a mango sponge with vanilla icecream. i also tried the blue cheese icrecream and the cheese board with my dining chums! All lovely!!!The service, the wine, the evening.....lovely place.....lovely food! Cant wait to go back!!
4	I came here with Jenny L for a catch up dinner and to try out this tucked-away restaurant up Bruntsfield way. I went for a bowl of soup for starters, the veggie mezze platter for mains with a side of chips. I was too stuffed for pudding! The food here is home-made, fresh and unusual. My soup was very tasty - barley broth if I remember correctly - and was meant to come with kidney something or other (except it didn't as the kitchen was out). So an odd and interesting combo. And very nice too!The mezze platter was weirdness personified, but not in a bad way. I've never seen a mezze plate like it (see pics!). There were some very, very strong flavours and everything struck me as just a bit out of left field. The baba ganoush was extremely smoky, there were pickled carrots that tasted like coffee and hard-boiled eggs that had something extra added. It was an odd plate of food. Just a bit weird.... I kept calling my plate the David Lynch of dinners, haha. And it was! I would definitely come back here to try more of the menu and find out what oddities and delights await my palate...
5	Ribs! A whole plate of ribs, just for me. Well, also for my partner as it was a sharing dish. But when they brought out the  big wooden board piled high with pork, beef and lamb ribs, my wee heart was singing.In my previous review, and previous visit here, I had a wonderful array of veggie mezze with the likes of carrots soaked in coffee, home made baba ganoush, and boiled eggs pickled in...something delicious. And so, after that mid-week girl-date dinner, I knew I had to come back soon for a Saturday night boy-date.The restaurant is quite small, and our table was very close to two others. This doesn't bother me at all, as I like a buzzing, hub bub of chatter and chowing; but the waitress did occasionally have to brush against our table in order to reach one behind us at the window. The menu has about 8 starter options, 5 main options and 3 'sharing platter' main options, including the ribs we had, a beef steak and something veggie too. There's also lots of side dishes, including the veggie mezze, which I had and which was delicious. My fish goujons I had to start were great, but the ribs stole the show. Each type of rib (beef, pork, lamb) were marinaded in a different sauce and tasted entirely different. I've never had lamb ribs before, and they tasted so good I knew they must be so bad for me. Lamb, tasty tasty fatty lamb, mmm.Despite being full, as the mains had been so delicious, we ordered two desserts. Ice cream sundae with rhubarb compote, and a gluten free vanilla sponge with sloe gin. Both were great, really filling and generous portions.It's a great place for a date, for a family meal, for a midi-week girl date, for a birthday dinner with friends, and for lunch I imagine. It's homely but stylish. It's great for anyone who likes delicious food. We had to book 5 days before to get a table on Saturday night, which we only had for 1.5 hours. A hidden neighbourhood gem, but evidently a very popular one to the Bruntsfield area!
5	This place is fabulous! I came here for date night with my beau and I cannot stop thinking about this place since! It's quite small and intimate with beautiful art work and lighting. The staff were polite and good natured. They also had great recommendations on food or wine selections. It is a bit pricey, so if you're looking for cheap this might not be the place. If you're looking for a sit-down meal with quality ingredients, great staff, and good atmosphere, this is your spot. We started off with crispy pig ears. AMAZING. It was exactly how I expected and perfect with a touch of sea salt. My beau had never experienced the texture and flavour before but he loved it. Then we moved on to our appetisers. I had the seared pigeon breast with picked pear. The pigeon breast was cooked so slightly and delicious, we really enjoyed the slightly earthly but light taste. My beau enjoyed the fig and goat cheese wrap sitting very deliciously on top of a beetroot yogurt. We both love fig and the goat cheese thus the combination was mind blowing. For our mains, we had the grilled seam bream and the special, grilled seatrout over a bed of couscous. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and filled with flavour. For dessert, we loved the Rocky road ice cream sundae. It was a bit unexpected and a little difficult for me to share but alas, we loved it. We loved the wines as well. For starters we had the col di sotto pinot grigio and finished with the Francesca Bay Pinot noir. Both excellent with our meals. Again, highly recommend this restaurant and I am already demanding that we go back!
5	Excellent restaurant with fantastic price. It's not very big, but quite warm. We ordered fried  chickens and ribs, they are cooked perfectly with wonderful sauce. My friends and I love the vanilla cheesecake so much, it's the best we've ever had
5	Oh My, the meat was AMAZING  (-the cow- practically all i can remember from our 6 person feast), the fish and its accompanying mussels etc were DIVINE, the Birds and Beast platter defeated us. But we tried enough to know the the cheek, rib and chicken were amazing....The worst part of the night was leaving things due to our cabs arriving...Service, wine, everything else, also superlative - we were SO well looked after. I love this place so much xxxxx
4	Nice little restaurant with friendly service and tasty food. Salmon and venison were delicious.
3	Oh man, I hate it when I'm the one who disagrees. All these 4 and five stars...Not for me. And three stars is perfectly good, and it sums up my feeling, as well as the Silent Reviewer. We went there for a celebratory 'at last I have a job and can spend money frivolously' meal on a - I do not jest - heaving Saturday night. The previous table occupants were finishing up when we arrived, and due to the small venue space, we had to stay outside in the rain (luckily, there was some handy scaffolding on the night of our visit). When I meant busy, I really meant it. We were tucked away in the corner, so much that the SR couldn't see the specials board (I *just about* could), and our waitress kindly read everything out (the service here is excellent) and settled for a beef noodle starter special, as well as salt and pepper prawns for me. As we were in a romantic mood, we went for the sharing tom yum vegetable curry for our main. We were starving, so shared some bread, with the 3bird dukkah - which involves a comical attempt at trying to squash large chunks of hazelnut and pistachio onto some bread. It's the first time I tried dukkah, and liked the aniseedy flavours coming out, but for me, it didn't quite come together as much as I expected, but the smoked shallot vinagrette was an absolute winner. The salt and pepper prawns were fantastic, although I didn't feel that the aioli tasted more of mayonnaise than miso or kombu seaweed. As the SR noted, it makes a difference when you have someone who is able to cook in the kitchen versus a quick grab from a local takeway - the batter on the prawns was impossibly light and beautifully flavoured. His beef noodles were consumed, but not commented upon. The tom yum curry was... nice. Served with flatbread and rice, which was also... nice. I had one of those moments when we ordered that I should have ordered the market fish, but we went for the curry. Curries, and stews, I think, tend to struggle in restaurants to rise above the ordinary, and for me, this didn't quite make it. It fell into - I can make this at home - category. I did, however, like the touch of adding extra fresh chilli and lime (never can get enough lime) on the side. So - you may ask why, if I think the service is excellent, and some of the food fantastic, why 3 stars? Simply because it wasn't all excellent, and some was simply nice. And there is nothing wrong with nice, and nice means a solid restaurant, but neither of left raving about our meal. Perhaps I really should have had the fish.
