5	Bonjour Bistro which used to be Bonjour, a causal french restaurant is now in the shopping center anchored by Las Vegas Athletic Club. Do not let the meat market workout place detour you from a fantastic meal at this family owned spot.Walk in to this place and I feel far away from the chain restaurants of Las Vegas and comfortably at home eating all the wonderful things a casual French bistro has to offer. I always order a Ricard (a Provencal drink, one of my favorites, from my days in Paris), or the cheese for dessert. Eat here, eat here often!!!
5	UPDATE*** I went here last night for my favorites, and I'm sad to say its has closed down. :( Hopefully they are moving and planning to reopen.I loved this little place. It is one of those little places that you might never even notice, but once you go there, you'll love it. Great little wine list, and amazing French food. I had the Onion soup, which was perfect. Then The escargot. I loved it.  and then the cheese plate which came with 3 or 4 cheeses and some fruit. Also very good. I will be going back for sure. And the owner was very friendly and actually took our order himself. I highly recommend it if you like French food.
5	Dining here was a great experience.  Like other reviewers have said, this place is easy to miss. But once you have been there it is impossible to forget!  I had the French onion soup, which was wonderful. The escargot was delicious, and the cheese plate did not disappoint. For dessert we had the profiteroles, and they were super yummy too!  Everyone was very friendly, and it was overall a great experience. I definitely recommend this restaurant!
5	We ate here for the first time today, and what a great experience!!!!  The owner (Bernard) is a very laid back guy, and he chatted with us for over 15 minutes.  The place is very kid friendly, and my 15-month old loved all of our food.  The wine list is very small, but we had a great bottle of wine for less than $40--try finding that at a similar resto on the strip!  The vibe here is very laid back, and the food was excellent:* The crab cakes were very good, and the portion size was huge.* The spinach salad was very good (I love it when they cut the stems off the spinach leaves).  The goat cheese and dressing on the salad complemented each other very well.* The country pate was good, although a minor demerit for not serving toasted bread with pate.  (Their regular bread is great, however).* The filet and the pork were very tender and cooked perfectly--didn't even need our steak knives.We can't wait to go back once the weather cools off to take advantage of their awesome patio!
