2	Quick review: very large menu, offers all you can eat fish fry, unusual layout. Decent service, mediocre food, fairly pricey for average bar food.Detailed review:After taking a small fish fry break, we resumed our quest to find the best fish fry in southern Wisconsin. With the roads in poor shape thanks to the recent snow, we decided to focus our sights on local offerings, and since Tully's is "around the corner" from our friend's house, we decided to give it a try.We walked in and seated ourselves; we chose a small table that was located in a section "in front" of the bar area and adjacent to the pool tables. The salad bar and another small dining area are located on "the other side" of the pool table room... Odd layout for certain.Our waitress took our drink orders and we browsed the menu, which included your typical bar fare: lots of fried appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, and so on. I'll say this - there are a ton of items on the menu; even the Friday night fish fry offered 7 varieties of fish, 4 of which are all you can eat.Our drinks arrived and we placed our orders: AYCE baked cod with a baked potato, AYCE beer battered cod with cheesy hash browns, and AYCE lake perch with hash browns.We were informed that our meals also included a salad bar trip... Too bad we had already ordered cheese curds. But, being the troopers we are, we ventured over to the salad bar and built a few plates. It was ok for a bar's salad, but not great by any means. My tomatoes were mushy and tasted "off"; broccoli was dry and obviously came from a bag. Coleslaw earned decent reviews.Curds and fish arrived at the same time. Curds were breaded and typical "from the freezer bag" variety. Nothing special, and not worth the $6.79 price tag.Fish plates each had two pieces; baked cod was drenched in buttery water and loaded with dill flake. Hmm... It tasted ok, but wasn't as flaky, tender, or flavorful as I'd prefer. Baked potato was foil-wrapped, and nicely cooked.  Battered cod had a decent batter that had just a hint of a unique flavor (we couldn't put our finger on it, as it was tasty), but it was fairly greasy and like the baked cod, the actual fish was quite "lifeless."  The cheesy hash browns were good- nice and crispy, with only a hint of grease.Battered lake perch was just like the cod, only it was more greasy. I shed a small tear as grease oozed out of the piece I tried.The bill arrived... $55 for three with one round of beers. Yikes.Tully's = fail.Service = 4 stars (good, prompt, fun)Food = 2 stars (based on fish only)Value = 2 starsMisc = 2 stars (not real exciting)I'd come here to drink some Miller Lites and to munch on some bar food during a game, but I'd skip the fish fry.
2	Horrible service, inedible food, tremendous swivel factor. But, my drink was fine.Their advertised drink specials are good, but most concentrated on shots and low-end liquors (think Smirnoff for $3). The "service" at the bar was hard to come by, although there were at least two bartenders working.  I asked for a minute with the menu, and spent the next 20 minutes trying to flag down a bartender to take my food order.Ordered the shrimp special which was not very special at all.  Although there were 6 grilled shrimp that were actually pretty good, the rest of the plate was a mess of flavorless, watery rice pilaf and a virtual stalk of broccoli, steamed but otherwise unadorned.  At $12.99 it was definitely not a good value.  Plus, it took for-ev-er to arrive. The gentleman next to me ordered the meatloaf special, and his cafeteria-style serving arrived in about 30 seconds.  That didn't make me very happy for him, however, as it looked equally disgusting.I cannot recommed this place for anything other than a drink, although the pool players seemed to be having a good time.
1	Service is horrible
4	Pretty awesome Friday fish fry. Don't go if you're expecting anything better than slightly sub-par bar food. Their menu is pretty large and they offer some good specials, but the majority of what they have are burgers and sandwiches. Great place to kick back at the bar and have some drinks and food. Fast service. Has that "neighborhood bar" feel, which I like.
1	I was here recently for a girls birthday party and had I known what I was getting myself into I would have opted out all together!  This place is for lack of a better word, simply the worst!   I ordered the fish basket, which for Wisconsin should never be bad.  I was wrong.  I was very wrong!  It was advertised as a fish fry when it should have been advertised a Van de Kamp's frozen dinner.  I mean I could have gone to the freezer section of my neighborhood grocery store and gotten a better meal.  It also came with these really just terrible fries that reminded me of the shoestring fries that my mom used to buy, they were bad!  Oh and did I mention cold?  Oh I didn't?  Okay, then let me do it now:  the food was cold!I would never go to this place again.  Furthermore, I would deter anyone saying that they were going to this restaurant from going.
1	We chose to go to Tully's II instead of going to one of our favorite places, Culvers.Big mistake.... Around 7:30 on a Friday night we walk in to the sign that says "Please Seat Yourself".  So we walk through the Pool Table area to get to the back dining area, since it was close to the salad bar.  After searching for a highchair for my son, with no help from the waitress filling the salad bar right next to us, we all sit down at a table.  A few moments after sitting down a waitress (Older Woman) came to our table. She took our drink order: two waters with lemon, a Sierra Mist and a chocolate milk, and disappeared.  She reappeared with our drinks a few minutes later.  The waitress takes our orders, Two Cod Fish Frys and a Perch Fish Fry.  We were informed that the salad bar was included with our meal.  Well... From the time we walked into Tully's II to the time we left they were stocking the salad bar, which is not a large spread.  After 10 minutes of watching this woman stock the salad bar at a snails pace and a distasteful look on her face, we had to ask for silverware and plates. Apparently the woman stocking it didn't seem to notice that they were all gone. I'm sure she thought it was nice that nobody was bothering her as she stocked the bar, not ever considering that nobody could eat from it even if they wanted to.  As my wife gets her first plate from the salad bar our meal shows up 20-25 minutes after placing our order.  Really? That long for a fish fry in Wisconsin?  Then came disappearing act two from our waitress!! The food consists of Heavily battered, greasy fish and tiny french fries.  No tartar sauce, no ketchup, no butter for the rolls on the table or salad bar.  We had to ask another waitress for some tarter sauce.  Another 20 minutes creeps slowly past as we waited for our waitress to come back to check and see if we may want a few more pieces of fish being the fact that we did order "All You Can Eat" fish.  At this point we have watched 3 other waitresses continue to mess around with this Salad Bar, chatting each other up and texting on their cell phones, while other tables are getting as frustrated as we are.  One table had to go to the Salad Bar to get food since nobody bothered to greet them at all. Our waitress later commented that she thought someone else had taken their order. Another table had to get up and walk to the kitchen to ask for their bill... they were lucky enough to have the same disappearing waitress we had.  We did notice that our waitress came out of the kitchen a number of times (7 to be exact) to bring things to the two tables closest to the kitchen. But anything past those two ... it's like we didn't even exist. and probably could have walked out without anyone ever noticing. Finally, only after the man asked for his bill, did our waitress reappear to ask if we wanted any more fish.  We mentioned at that time that it would be nice to have some ketchup even though most of our fries had been eaten at that point. We also asked for 3 Pieces of Perch, 4 pieces of baked Cod and a refill of Sierra Mist. Not too difficult to remember.  10 minutes later she comes to our table: 1 piece of Perch, 2 pieces of Cod, 3 pieces of  baked cod and no refill.  10 minutes after that our waitress came back to the table and before she could ask us anything, I immediately asked for our bill.  45 seconds later she returns with my card, the fastest thing this lady had done ALL night.  On our way out, we stopped to talk to a manager, briefly describing the WORST SERVICE we had ever had.  I paid first because I didn't want him to think we were trying to get anything free.  When we pointed out our waitress, he didn't look surprised.  All he had to say was " I hope you come back and give us  another chance", not "is there anything I can do to make it right?" or "come back and have a meal on us"..... nothing.  We walked out utterly disgusted!!  The only reason Tully's II is getting one star is because there is no ZERO star option.  Would not...would not.... would not recommend this place to anyone.. EVER.  Monona's best Fish Fry...my Foot.  Monona has poor standards if this is the best in town.
2	I've made a goal this year to work my way down Monona Dr/Attwood/Willy Str eating at every place along the way.Tullys 2 was pretty Meh. I went on a weeknight at sat at the bar. The clientele here are definitely older, fox news on the tvs, and there was a decent swivel factor on the night I visited. There was a grampa with a 10 yr old or so grandkid sitting at the corner of the bar. Ah, Wisconsin and the practice of taking your kids with you to bars for drinks.  They had decent happy hour specials for rail drinks and mass market beers. After a bit, I ordered dinner of a chicken cordon bleu sandwich and fries. They had some special parmesean herb fries that I asked to get instead of the regular ones because that sounded a bit more exciting. They were not exciting. More like they shook the jar of Kraft parm over the fries. The sandwich was alright. Not horrible, but nothing to write home about either and a tad bit dry. It took me a bit to flag one of the two bartenders down to get a side of sauce for the sandwich. I thought their prices were similar to if I'd ordered a meal from Culvers. I don't see myself ever wanting to come back for dinner. There is also a lot of booths and stuff for dining and several pool tables. Smokers may like this place because they seem to have an okay outdoor smoking area with tvs out ther and some protection from the elements.
