1	This company does poor work; in my case Kenny Martin repeatedly "fixed" faults 2 and 3 times but the problems remained: baseboards separating by 1/2 an inch; gooey paste left over the bathroom sink; poorly painted areas; wood filler in planks poorly laid on the floor; wall corners pealing because the wrong sealant was used;  tape on the drywall showing through the paint; grout poorly laid and badly mixed so it shrunk within a month leaving gaps; a window badly put into the wall and bent out of shape on the frame; walls not textured despite my request; a roof too low so the A/C duct work had to go over the roof, not under.  I complained to the BBB after not hearing from him over these problems and he never responded to my complaint.  He essentially abandoned the project and does not complete a job to the customer's satisfaction as he claims.  Do not hire this contractor.
5	I am really surprised at the previous comments. I have had Martin Construction and Remodeling working on my home for the past few months. I am 100% delighted with Kenny and his crew. Kenny goes out of his way to help, keeps me informed and doesn't Nickle and Dime me to death for small stuff. He is professional, listens to me, offers suggestions where I am at a loss on what needs to be done. I would HIGHLY Recommend Martin Construction and would gladly let people come to my home and look at the work that has been done. I think that some people have very unrealistic expectations on remodels, Sometimes it is difficult to fit a shiny new square peg into an old round hole. You need to understand that when starting a remodel. Perfection doesn't exist.
5	Kenny and his crew did an AMAZING job in the remodel of our home.  They put in wood flooring throughout, painted the entire interior and custom built wood beams to add to the decor of our home,  this along with many other repairs: installing new water heater, new light fixtures, mounting new mirrors, replacing gas lines, moving electrical outlets  and the list goes on.  Nice to have someone to go to for the big and small jobs.  Have recommended Kenny to friends and family and they love him too!
