4	I used to live close to this location, and stop in Friday mornings before work.  The fine folks at this location know what they're doing.  Face it- Friday mornings, everybody wants a doughnut for breakfast.  The coffee is cheap and delicious and so there's a line.  But this Dunkin knows how to deal with that.  Uncommon among businesses in the South, they know how to manage a crowd and keep the line moving, and everyone gets what they want.  Just thinking about it now makes me want more of their coffee.
4	Stopped here for breakfast today.  Had a sausage, egg, and cheese croissant.  Hit the spot!  This location is right near my office and is very convenient.  I'm not really in the habit of getting breakfast out, but this place makes it very tempting to do so every day!Instead of coffee I had tea with milk and sugar - interesting combination (first for me) but it was good and it was a good way to start the day.The donuts here look pretty amazing and the place is kept pretty clean.  The parking lot can be a little bit of a death trap (depending on how people decide to drive through it).  Good place.  I'll probably frequent it when I start craving donuts or a hot breakfast meal.This location is a Baskin Robbins location as well - so ice cream is here.  Donuts & ice cream could fuel me all day... but that would be one bad sugar rush and crash.
4	As a child, my parents frequented our local Dunkin Donuts EVERY Saturday and Sunday, and I never understood why they were so addicted to their Donut place! Well now I know why...This is the only place to stop on the way to work for me, I go a few times a month mainly for the amazing coffee. I don't know when I became an adult and starting liking coffee, but I drink it a few times a week now. Dunkin Donuts has the BEST coffee. Whatever they squirt into the cup when I say "coffee with cream and sugar" is the perfect blend of coffee, sugar and cream. Sometimes I also treat myself to a frosted donut with sprinkles, which is always soft and tastes fresh. The employees aren't much for small talk, but who really is that early in the morning. However,  they are fast and efficient, never waiting more then two minutes in line. The seating area appears clean and well kept. This is also a Baskin Robbins location although I've never had the ice cream here. Forget Starbucks for coffee...I vote DD!
3	I can do without the donuts, the ice cream and homemade waffle cones are the only reason I tend to visit, however they are inconsistent with the waffle cones........sometimes they have them and sometimes they don't so of course on a day they didn't have them I asked why and was told it takes too long to make....hmmm didn't realize laziness was a reason not to have the product you advertise........
1	CUSTOMERS BEWARE..this place has THE worst customer service ever!!! The owner and his family work here are and need customer service training badly. The employees "Niru" and "Palak" yell and scream at customers and show no respect. Very very disappointed!!
1	Worst customer service ever!! Niru and palak who work there and probably owns it need some customer service training. Bad attitude and bad service to loyal customers. Never going there again! They just lost loyal customer.PS- I gave them one star cuz I have to otherwise they deserve 0 for customer service. I hope this is not a norm for dunkin owners!
5	I love this Dunkin.  They're quick an accurate Saturday mornings are really crowded but they always get people in and out. Orders are correct and made to perfection.  I'm a coffee drinker and they will make sure your coffee is how you want it. I would love if they had a drive thru but that would be the only thing I would change about this store
1	The worst most traumatizing customer service experience ever. I promised I would never put a foot there again even if coffee disappeared from earth and that would be the only place left.
1	Dunkin Donuts isnt letting me post it on its fb page..There was a piece of Plastic something in my dunkin donut bagel last afternoon, which I had incidentally gotten for my kid. He didn't eat it, so I had it.A plastic like this could have choked anyone. I've been feeling nauseous ever since I ate it.. I didn't make an issue of the bad way they served me. Worst customer service. It was as if why serve her n not ignore her.But I could not overlook a plastic in my food considering that it was meant for a child.. How could they be so negligent? Can anyone take these guys into account. After all, They are being paid for what they are doing?
1	VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE! Not only did the manager and clerk ignore that my party was even there waiting - the manager was basically cussing out his clerk right in front of us. We left without purchasing. SO RUDE!
