5	We went in Friday early evening. Thought we would check out what looked like a fresh new place.  Atmosphere in the restaurant felt modern and cool but also intimate. Had the chicken pasta as well as the onion rings, as an appetizer.  The chicken was perfectly season and juicy, the whole dish was fresh and healthy...which was a nice balance to the also delicious onion rings.  Caught the end of happy hour. I had a $3.50 Corona, but I was told the beer specials will rotate. The service was great and we'll definitely be coming back and suggesting friends check it out too.
1	I was super excited to see a new restaurant opening up in the neighborhood. I ordered the calamari appetizer  and a basil martini. The calamari was pretty good and so was the martini. The reason I'm only giving 1 star is that the martini glass was not filled to the top and when I finished it the bartender walk over to the leftover drink and instead of refilling my glass she drank it! Needless to say I didn't stay for dinner.
4	Friend of mine wanted to meet up for a quick bite, and suggested we should try "Rock and vine".  I ordered "Braised Lamb Shank".  It was delicious and had a great flavor. Service was great, and owner greeted us with a perfect smile.  I recommend to anyone who's wanting a quality food and friendly service.
5	Wow what a great addition to Scottsdale! Sophisticated friendly place to meet friends.  The food at rock & vine is creative and tasty. The menu is well rounded  and mouth watering good. The service was excellent with quality food at an amazing price. Six of us enjoyed a great evening. Wow what a good deal if you are getting one of their signature martini's which are generous and so yummy.  Try the basil cucumber smash!!!! The baked prosciutto & mozzarella started the night. I had the balsamic glazed salmon simply perfection. Around the table everyone tried something different.  We can not wait  to come back.  Looking forward to being our go to spot.
2	Food average.  They never heard of Amstel Light beer.  Note that the 5 star review was from Detriot where the own owners are from. His only review ever!This could be a good place. Get draft beer which is necessary for your type of place.  I'm not sure what you are trying to be as a restaurant.Second visit confirms the fact that the food is less than average.  The meat loaf was blah, my wife's ribs were not meaty with BBQ sauce that probably came from a bottle at Safeway.  The waiter did not know the specials and brought a beer that was not what I ordered.  Adding to the ambiance was a group near us with a small child that either cried or was allowed to run around the restaurant like it was in a track meet.  I don't understand why anyone would return here.  Also very small wine pours for the price
5	our first time at rock and vine and it was phenomenal !! the food was a bit of a wait being the 6th week they opened .... the caprese salad better than most ... the calamari tender in a great sauce!!! burger and steak sandwhich a ten!!! 2 tens !!! gonna return !!!
5	This is such a great restaurant!  I frequent this restaurant about once a week.  The food is fabulous.  I love the soups, they are made daily and are are wonderful.  The Caesar salad is excellent with just the perfect amount of dressing.  The Dover sole is delicious and I truly enjoy the chicken on a skewer with basmati rice pilaf.  Everything I have ordered has been very tasty.  The owners and staff are very welcoming and friendly.  I love  the way they have decorated too.  This restaurant has great ambiance.  I definitely recommend.  The bar is fun and inviting as well. A must try!
5	For those who follow my reviews, you would think I love every restaurant we go to.In this review, all I can say; THIS IS THE BEST!Ambiance....perfect.  Soft (live) guitar in the background.Noise...perfect.  Very easy to hold a conversationLighting....perfect.  Not too bright...not too darkFood....Outstanding.  Wife had best rack of lamb ever...and I had a olive/cheeseburgerDrinks...free poured vodka rocks...very generousService...perfect.  Thank you AlissaThe best part:Price...much more than fair.  Appetizer of shrimp, two entrees, one salad, four drinks, one Sprite, and a killer desert.  How much?  $99.00 before tax and tip.Can't wait to return.  If I were to be foolish enough to open a restaurant, this is what I would have opened.  Thank you Evans and Chef.A perfect...DOUBLE perfect evening.Larry and Andilkcowboy@aol.com
3	There is a place down the road called Soul Cafe, well this place should be called  The Souless Cafe. Poor ambience, very dark, quiet customers and the whole atmosphere was eerie. Few customers seems to be the trend here. However the food was very good, ribs excellent, as were the 2 hamburgers we ordered. Service ok, quick to top up drinks , clarified all the orders, offered options. No problem there. Good wine and martini lists. Worth a try if you like quiet places with no atmosphere!
4	My boyfriend and I stumbled across this little gem while driving around on a Friday night. Loved it. Service was great and the food was so yummy for the right price! We're coming back.
4	Went to a Rock and Vine for dinner a couple of times. Every time the food is fantastic. The calamari and French onion soup is to awesome. Great place for dinner.
4	Pretty great lunch!  Not very crowded, which was nice.  The food is tops and the place looked great.  It's upscale, so expect to pay a little more... BUT, you get what you pay for!  Not terribly expensive for what you get...
5	My husband and I had brunch here last Sunday and it was awesome.  I was so surprised to see someone post a bad review. The food is excellent...my french toast was the best I've had in a long time.  My husband was in the mood for a burger and it was picture worthy!  We had a wonderful server who offered us a table inside or outside on their patio...we couldnt resist sitting outside to enjoy the 72 degree weather!   And to top it off, they offer $3 mimosas or bloody marys....whoohoo! By far, one of the best brunch options in the beautiful North Scottsdale area.  We will definitely be back soon because their wine list looks amazing!
1	New owners + new help = DISASTER!  Went to celebrate friends anniversary and ended up with poor service and poor food.  2 entree salads ordered with salmon arrived with chicken.  Another entree arrived barely warm.  Waitperson was rather in attentive.  Mgr's handling of the situation was inadequate.  Too bad as it use to be a nice local restaurant.  Doubt we will be back to suffer thru this type of an amateur's attempt at running a restaurant.
1	We had a similar experience as another guest on November 26, 2014.  We have been regulars to this once delightful neighborhood restaurant.  Initially we had the same servers with the new ownership, but  then we noticed that the portions were smaller.  The Dover Sole dish is less than half the serving which Rock & Vine served.  The pureed cauliflower was a "garnish" the last time I ordered this dish.  The menu calls out vegetables - I hardly think one half of a baby carrot is a serving of vegetables.  We waited for our salads for one hour, and  the wait person was absent except to ask if we wanted more to drink.  It was not a pleasant evening and I doubt we will be back - at least not for awhile.
