5	Best Wendy's in the area.  They handle long lunch lines well, service is fast & friendly, and the food is made to order.  Often, when the line gets long around noon or 1pm, they have someone take orders on paper to speed up the process at the pay window.  Very efficient.  I eat here often enough they know how like the same one or two things and I always get greeted with a smile.  The dinning room is generally clean, with consistently clean tables.  The location is pretty convenient to I85.  The only weird thing is the parking lot- often if there is a line at the drive up window, drivers will attempt to go the wrong way through the one-way lot.
2	The service at this location has gone down hill as of late. I took my Mom here to eat today, and arrived a little after 11 am. No one in the place but us.Stood at the counter about 10 minutes before someone finally came up to take our order. Then had to wait another 15 minutes for the food, like they were open but not ready for any customers.Also, Wendy's really need to revamp the way they refill drinks. You have to go back to the counter and wait for some one to refill your drink in between filling the food orders. Why should you have to stand there and wait when 99.99% of all fast food chains have a self serve refill station or two. I stood there waiting while some girl was filling orders. I know she saw me standing there, but never offered me a refill. Finally got a refill from another employee.C'mon Wendys, get with the times and install a self serve refill station so customers won't have to stand in a long line waiting on refills.
2	This USED to be the best Wendy's in town:  fast drive-thru (even when cars were lined up around the building,) CORRECT orders - and exactly HOW you ordered them.  Unfortunately, those days are LONG gone.  Today I went to drive thru and one car was at the pick-up window and one car was in front of me at the speaker/menu board.  I waited - waited - and waited for him to order so I could pull up and order.  Then I realized what the problem was.  They took his order at the speaker/menu and as he pulled up to window, I pulled up to speaker/menu and was asked to "Please wait."  As car in front pulled away from the pick-up window, I was finally told (via speaker) to proceed with my order.  While I was at the pick-up window, I looked in my rear view mirror to see the car behind me still waiting at the speaker/menu board.  WHAT?????  It was 11:00 AM!!  Now, on to my order:  Chicken Caesar Wrap was literally thrown together.  When I opened the paper, the wrap was basically just a tortilla with lettuce and chicken on top, barely folded up into a "wrap."   Ordered unsweetened tea, but actually received sweet tea!!  Ordered a small Baja Salad - which was fine.  I did have to request a knife and fork.   My order wasn't messed up too badly this time, but it is irritating to order something and not receive what you ordered.   Many times I have requested no cheese, yet received cheese and ordered extra pickles and not received any pickles.  Arrgh!!!!  FRUSTRATING!!! On one occasion, I went inside to place my to-go order and Wendy's had some "big men" in suits behind the counter.  One little older woman behind the counter  was trying to give orders (commands) and confusing the young lady making the sandwich.  The  day shift cashier - who has been there for at least 6 years and KNOWS her job well was trying to help explain what the customer had ordered, but this little woman would hardly let her explain anything - just telling her to keep on at the register.  Great!  Now we have 6 people lined up at this counter and none of the orders are coming out correctly.   Within the last 2 years, this Wendy's has gone down hill with the service.  Seems that if you make any request (extra pickles, no cheese, etc.) it still comes the way the menu shows; IT DOES NOT MATTER what you request.  It is really sad that this has happened; it USED to be my favorite Wendy's to go to - not anymore.   I only go here because it is close to work.  I've called the 800 number too, but it seems that nothing ever comes of it....the problems at this Wendy's still continue.
4	As of right now I don't have any major complaints about this Wendy's other than it being a little slower than most. I try to come earlier than the lunch rush or later and it still seems to be a full house. The other day when I pulled through a woman asked if she could get in front of me in the drive through because they didn't get her dressing our toppings for her salad. I let her go through, and all seemed to go ok. After reading the other reviews about this location I'll be sure to start checking my order before I leave the lot. Also, when making a left turn out of the parking lot it's a little tricky sometimes. Be careful when you hit that gas pedal.
4	Yay!!!  It seems that this Wendy's is working its way to the top again.  They must have made some changes or something - my orders have been correct, and the drive-thru seems to be moving right along.   It's so nice to see the service at this Wendy's moving back up to what it was previously at this location.
4	I come here a lot since I work in the area and it's usually fast, the staff is great and barring a few issues with specifically requesting no mayonnaise and being treated to a nice dollop (which hasn't happened in months and was quickly corrected once it was brought to their attention), this is my favorite quick stop for lunch... The sanitation grade stays high (which is more than I can say for some other places around it) and I have yet to experience an unhappy or rude staff person...  I also enjoy the croutons that come with the side salad... Garlic, sea salt and pepper seasoned... That's what I call straight awesomeness...
3	In all the years that I have lived in Charlotte and driven past this location on my way to (or from) the airport, I have never stopped. So one day I did. It is about the same as every other Wendy's location.They have undergone a bit of a makeover - they aren't completely new like some locations, but they aren't completely old either. Though one thing I like about Wendy's is their menu, which usually sounds more appetizing than most other fast food joints, the one thing I really hate about Wendy's is the way the line works. You get this single line that goes to a single register and a single place for pick up.There are others that do this too - but do they not understand that there are better ways to handle it and get things moving better?
2	Went here late at night for dinner after a flight. Obviously the C team was on duty. Food was cold. Expected better
2	NOTHING fast about this food.Last time I came here I missed a flight.This time, I wasnt in a hurry, but it still took forever. Everyone in line was visibly disgusted.The employees are polite but they move like they have lead in their feet.
4	I like this location, I go on break and get here about 1:30-not many people are thereStaff is niceEven when it is busy, they seem to get people through pretty quicklyGood food, always hot when I get it!
3	Good for late night eats, leaving the airport after nearly everything there was closed. When you've been on two planes with a short layover and no time to actually eat anything, there's always Wendy's. My order was quick and when I got home, it was accurate. It was the epitome of A-OK.
