3	When I saw there was a Super Target opening at Cotton Lane and MC-85, I was very excited. I hadn't, however, noticed that a Ross was going in next door. Last week my twins and I went into Ross with the task of finding food bowls for our kitty cats and a fun game or puzzle to play at Grandma and Grandpa's house. I know it's because it's brand new, but this Ross was beautiful. Clean. Well-organized. Get there soon before it turns into the hell-hole where things go to die. We did score two new kitty cat bowls at $1.99 a piece (woo-hoo!) and two great board games that the kids have enjoyed playing. The staff there seemed "with it," and I didn't have to wait too long to check out (which is usually the problem with Ross - check out tends to be a nightmare). I'm glad this new Ross is close by to fulfill my scavenging needs from time to time.
5	This is the most well organizated Ross I have been to.  It is clean and super easy to find things.  They have the same deals as any other Ross around.  I found a nice light jacket for the upcoming fall for under $20.  LOVE IT!
4	This Ross is fairly new and is not nearly as crowded as most Ross stores, so you don't have to wait 10 years in line to check out. The store is clean and the staff have always been very friendly. The only issue is that they are not as  well stocked with merchandise as most other stores, but I am sure that will change over time.
5	This is by far the best Ross in Arizona, and I have been to about 15 total. They are always neat, organized, well staffed, and not a disaster. There is never a line wrapping around the store and I have found a great mix of the stuff I love here at a good price. I have bought Nike compression running pants, elite socks, discount athletic shoes, work shoes, work clothes, and so much more all usually on Ross clearance which is better price wise new then buying from Savers or goodwill. How cool is that? This Ross has won many awards and I believe they deserve all of the trophies framed behind the main register. I'd rather drive a bit to shop this Ross, then one of the bad Ross stores on Litchfield road (due to selection and organization) . The staff at Litchfield is great, but that's about it.
5	So far this is cleanest most organized Ross I have been to. The lines are not too bad at all.
4	I really like coming to this Ross versus the other Ross stores around. Everything is organized and clean. The only complaint is I wish it had a bigger jewelry display like the other stores. Every other store I have been too have huge cases of jewelry but this place is tiny. Oh well! Still love how clean and not cramped it is!
