5	My family and I have been going to Thunderbird Internal Medicine since 2007.  This practice is always fast and efficient.  You never have to wait too long to see your doctor the majority of the time.  If you have an appointment you can rest assure that you are going to be seen on-time.  Our favorite, Dr. Edgecomb, left the practice in May but they have plenty of other great doctors that you can see.www.thunderbirdim.com is their website give them a try !Thunderbird Internal Medicine is as good as it gets !
1	Family have been seeing Dr. Edgecomb for over four years. As mentioned by the previous poster, he has left this office. A "Dr. Thomas" had an available appointment for a family member last week. No bedside manner, didn't listen, had an attitude-COLD as ice. Wow, if she's already like this as a new Dr, just think what she'll be like in 10 yrs. No thanks! Get your laptop out of your face and actually smile and ask the patient what you can do to help them...not just a number..it's a human being looking for a caring Dr.
1	Worst practice I have ever been to.  The front desk ladies chat out loud like it's happy hour.  There is ALWAYS a wait to see my doctor, Dr. Wetherell, who by the way, I had to wait to see 3 months to see as a new patient.  Anytime I was sick, I called to make an appointment and there was always at least a two day minimum wait.  Once I needed a med refill and she was out of the office.  I couldn't get me refill because none of the other docs can refill for her patients.  She really does take the time to listen when you can actually get in to see her. It is honestly easier to go to urgent care.  The best thing about TIM is Jennifer, Dr. Wetherell's MA. Now this is the last straw.  Apparently, I had 2 unpaid bills which totaled $40.  I knew I had one bill for $10 and I had said I would take care of it the next time I was in.  Well the next time I was in it slipped my mind and the women at the front desk  (of course) were too busy horsing around to ask me to clear my balance.  Supposedly Margie (maybe their billing lead) sent numerous letters which I never received and called once.  So, I was "dismissed " from the practice (I just found this out today).  I called today to clear everything up simply because I knew it had been outstanding.  The $40 is now $80 because it was sent to collections.  I suppose this practice has enough wherewithal to get an entire collections agency set up to get their beloved $40 but cannot pick up the phone to call me to collect a balance. It is truly appalling and sickening that a practice can be so money hungry and greedy.  Furthermore, all the billing department had to do was call.  I don't understand what is so hard about that.  I will be sure to advise anyone I know to stay far away from this office.  It's simply not worth the hassle and no one should be subjected to their lack of patient ethics.
1	If you are new to here as a patient or someone who is new and is more on the younger side then maybe this place might not be for you.I been coming here since I left my pediatrics since I am not longer until 18, at first I noticed a couple of problems-The front desk staff isn't really that friendly only if you get someone in a nice mood which is most likely never. They seem to always be in either a grumpy mood or really stressed, it creates a very negative environment. But the thing I did noticed is they tend to treat older folks more nicer since most of the staff at the desk is about in their late 40s it seems.-Scheduling an appointment, depends on your doctor's availability but from what I heard and seen on other review sites is that it does take awfully a lot of time and effort to try and get one appointment, either the doctor is booked out too far like 3 or more months OR there is just no doctors available, for as long as I been their I hardly seen my actual doctor (maybe like 2 or 3 times a year) I always have to get an appointment with a Nurse Practitioner. So if you tend to get sick or need to see a doctor right away normally they do not see you only the MA or NP Other than that the office is really clean and soothing.
2	Had been seeing Dr. Edgecomb for seven years who left this office. I was reassigned to a brand new Dr...Horrible! Found out she was let go. They recently lost my blood work and put it in another patients chart!
5	This is the best doctors office I have ever been to. I have never encountered a more genuinely caring staff.  They always go above and beyond to make sure my needs are met. I see Dr. Swierupski and both he and his MA are wonderful. They are always more than happy to take the extra time to go over any questions or concerns you may have and I truly feel like they treat the person not just the patient.
1	Called a couple of weeks ago - was on hold for 20 minutes - just needed some general info.  Called today to schedule an appointment.  The first available is MAY 12!  That could maybe be acceptable if all you needed was a physical.  But what if you are sick or even worse have a lump or mole that needs looked at?  When I told the scheduler I had something that needed looked at sooner than that, he offered nothing, I mean nothing.  He didn't say anything!  What kind of way is this to run a physician's office?
1	Dr. Elfat rumman Dr. Rumman is NOT a helpful doctor, and she doesn't answer all my questions. Her whole attitude at the hospital seemed arrogant and least understanding.I am now will giving this doctor a bad review on other website . I've seen a lot of negative experiences written on here and i'm agree with them. Then how do we hold these professionals accountable for doing their job properly and at a high standard as their degrees would indicate? she don't have any experience how to deal with patient. with my experience with her i don't recommend her to anyone...
1	Dr. Rumman is NOT a helpful doctor, and she doesn't answer all my questions. Her whole attitude at the hospital seemed arrogant and least understanding.
5	This place is amazing . . . everyone from Barb at the front desk to the lab techs are just outstanding in their exceptional service and caring.  I followed my doctor, Kym Lucas, from her private practice to this place and as I told her, I can't believe that they have such wonderful professional really exceptional staff at every level . . . even though it is a bit of a drive for me, the quality of care I get makes it worthwhile . . I don't think I've ever gone to a doctor's office that had this high level of quality care in every area.  Thunderbird Internal Medicine you ROCK!!!!
5	I chose Thunderbird Internal Medicine randomly from my provider directory and I am so lucky I did! I have been seeing Dr. Swierupski for 4 years now and I've never had a bad experience. He is caring, thorough, and very professional. I have many health challenges, and Dr. Swierupski takes the time and effort to address all of my concerns, refer me to specialists, and help guide me through my medical options. I switched insurance about a year ago and I continued to see him even though I had to pay full cost. I simply wasn't willing to sacrifice the relationship we'd built and his knowledge of my medical history. I trust his medical judgment implicitly. His MA is very friendly and welcoming, and I've never waited more than 15 minutes or so to see him. I would recommend this practice (and Dr. Swierupski specifically) to anyone!
2	I've been going to this office for 2 years and had several "run in's" with Rosie a medical asst. She is very rude and always seem to be annoyed by me and my health questions. The last run in she treated me and my issues like I was a child looking for drugs we had words and now I've been asked not to come back to the office. Watch out for this asst....
