1	It's my boss's birthday.  She says where to better start the night out and pre-funk but at Spectators Bar & Grill.  She originally wanted to meet up at a Pt's Bar.  But, this is where we ended up at.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere where local people sit and drink a beer or other spirits after a hard day at work.  It's very much a commoner's place.  I found this place a little drab and not very comfortable to hang out at.  I've been to several bars and pubs that feel more comfortable than here.  I just felt a little out of place even though I was with great company.  The drinks are not too expensive but I feel like we were over charged for our drinks.  The cocktail waitress seemed to forget about my friend's drink quite too often and was too distracted by her peers at the bar.  After a few hours of being there, we begged our boss to leave so we could eat.  We left finally for Firefly.  This review really isn't all that exciting as I didn't find this place to be too exciting to give a good review for.  Maybe next time I'll have better fun.  Funny thing was that I left that place in a pretty buzzed way.  When I'm in that state, I normally find everything in an awesome view.
4	Cool sports bar. Not a home team bar so they play all games on Sunday. Good atmosphere.
5	beers are cheap and burgers are delicious. try the fried pickles, you won't regret it.
4	I just happened to drop in here for a quick pitstop one day, and the bartender persuaded me to come back.  I've been back a few times, and while it's never a very lively place, it definitely has some fun patrons and great staff.  I can sit by myself, have a beer and play a little Keno, and never leave without a few chuckles from the surrounding conversations.I like to find a little hidden spot away from the office.  Perfect for a quiet lunch of some Bobby Q's special treats, or a nice relaxing happy hour after that tough day.
5	I went last  night by myself,  the bartender Tracy was so sweet,  got everyone in the bar talking to each other, within a hour everyone was as if we had been friends for years. It reminded of Cheers, very friendly.  Excellent customer service, drinks & food was delicious,  definitely going back.  Oh, machines are hot.
4	So lately I've been hitting local places in Summerlin trying to find the perfect combination of great burger, good price and good service. I think Bachi Burger may be the best so far, but this place is definitely second. Both have great service but this place is almost a third of the price. The burger is huge, made to order, and even the fries were great ( and included unlike Bachi ). In all I would recommend this place if you were looking for a great burger at "in and out burger" prices.
5	We love it here! Kahaha, and Jen are the best bartenders, we do miss Tammy. We walk in and everyone knows our names, they know what we like to drink right when we step in. We are guaranteed a great time from the moment we walk through the doors. Every other Saturday is karaoke night and that's a blast.
3	Unfortunately the restaurant closed. The bar is still open but they stopped serving food in August.
4	Your average bar...The bartender was nice and the service is ok. The food situation is a little inconvenient. The location is great...its on the corner of flamingo and durango.Good beer prices and they do play a lot of football.
