4	First impression of this place is, I LOVE IT!  It's basically a chipotle concept store (fresh ingredients, etc.) with noodles!  I went today with my HS bestie, and we both loved it.  We ordered the same thing -  Indonesian Peanut Saute: Spicy peanut sauce and rice noodle stir-fry, broccoli, carrots, cabbage, Asian sprouts, cilantro, crushed peanuts and lime.  As in fresh lime wedged, served with your platter - i loved that added touch.  The dish itself tasted authentic, fresh, and flavorful.  It was studded with the steamed veggies that made the meal very hearty.  My only grip was the chicken (which you add separately to the bowl, they have other options such as tofu, shrimp, and beef - i think)  wasn't as flavorful as the noodles, as in it needed salt!  If this was a little bit better, I would have given noodles & co. a 5 star rating.  They serve all different types of noodle bowls + sandwiches.  Ranging from Asian to American flavors, so it will appease anybody's palate.  The decor is modern-chic.  The service was stellar, for what is basically a fast food joint.  You should definitely give this place a try - I loved it!
4	I frequent Market Square every day, and I've been really impressed with how it has developed in a vibrant restaurant scene. There are so many good choices in the square, and Noodles and Company is a nice addition. It's basically a nice fast food place, like Moe's or Chipotle. They serve (or will serve) one basic and one premium kind of beer and wine by the bottle.  ($17). Along with salads and other sides, the noodle dishes are split among three categories: American (e.g., stroganoff, mac and cheese), Italian (e.g, pesto, penne rosa) and Asian (e.g., pad thai, japanese udon). You can add protein to the dish, as you want. The dishes can easily be made gluten free (rice noodles) and/or vegetarian. Small and large portions are available. They list a number of dishes that are 500 calories or less.It's a great little lunch place, and I'm thrilled that it's joined the Market Square neighborhood.
4	After eagerly awaiting the opening of Noodles & Co I was very excited to try it. A friend and I arrived just after 12:30 and the line was nearly out the door. This wasn't surprising seeing it was a new restaurant, however, after finishing my meal and over hearing the comments of the diners around me, I can see this place having a steady 20 person line from 11:30 - 1:30. The interior is smartly designed, open, and bright. I also couldn't get over how great the staff was, everyone was very friendly and seemed like they legitimately were in a good mood and wanted to share that with you. I did the "Pick 3" deal where you get a small noodle bowl, a choice of protein, and soup or salad for $7.99. I ordered the Indonesian Noodle dish with spicy peanut sauce (really awesome, perfectly "make your nose run" spicy, and packed with fresh vegetables), I added beef, and the Tomato Basil soup (my favorite part of the meal). By the time I added a drink my bill came to just under $10. I can't wait to come back and try some of their other options, I saw a meatball sub that looked pretty excellent.
2	My co-worker and I have seen construction going on in Noodle & Co's tidy corner of market square and were anxious to try it out.I had the Pad Thai with Tofu and boy was it underwhelming. The noodles were covered in an almost sickeningly sweet "chili" sauce. There were few vegetables, mostly carrots, and no attempt at any sort of condiment (peanuts, vinegar, fish sauce, etc.) other than a few bean sprouts. The Sriracha was really what saved the dish. The tofu was barely warm and pretty chewy.The menu, and items therein, seem to be developed to appeal to broad and bland american palate. There are around 20 noodle dishes in three different categories, "Asian", "Mediterranean", and "American" as well as 5 sandwich dishes.Overall strikes me as a Panera Bread trying to piggy back on fresh concepts like Chipotle's success. Probably not the most fair assessment, but we were expecting a brothy Asian noodle hangout and this was far from that.All that said, the prices are probably fair, especially affordable if you go sans meat/tofu although I would really appreciate an extra veggie option.
4	This was one of my go to chains when I was Chicago so I'm happy to see one right in downtown Pittsburgh.  I got the opportunity to try it out today although I figured I knew what to expect since franchises try to be consistent in quality and taste regardless of their location.  This is just how I remember it.  It's affordable, relatively quick, and tasty.  Please note the order b/c if you ask me are their better tasting places out there - sure.  Are there cheaper places our there - yes, and are their faster places out there - of course.  But to have the trifecta - well that does take a little more effort than having one or another of those qualities.  Which is why this place gets 4 stars - it probably helps that it's also close to where I work.
2	I'm conflicted.  Half of me says "Meh. I've experience better" and half of me says "a-okay."  Let me break this down for you....When you have a flexible schedule and can travel anywhere in the city, pass this sucker by.  There's so many other fabulous non-chain restaurants in the Burgh to try out!  On the flip side, I understand working downtown sometimes the options get slim or stale.  Let's face it, downtown is only so big folks.  For a downtown office worker, this place is "a-okey."  I tried the Japanese Pan Noodles.  I liked that I could order wheat noodles.  I liked that there was broccoli, carrots and sprouts in it.  That's where it ended.  It was kinda bland and forgettable.  Would it suffice for a fast lunchtime meal, yes.What I was amazed by...the fancy schmancy pop machine.  It's completely digital and you're able to choose from every coke product imaginable.  When I picked coke zero, I was expecting the choice of, well, coke zero.  Instead, Not only was I able to get normal coke zero, I could get cherry vanilla, raspberry, lemon, lime and a couple other choices.  I assume they add syrup to those choices...but it was pretty cool.  I love when technology and food combine!  Heck, I'd come here JUST to grab a pop instead of 7-11.  There's supposed to be beer, which was advertised on the menu and on the front door, but it's not there yet.  I'd be interested to see what they carried because it looked like there's no tap, so I assume just bottles.  I'd like to see a fancy machine like the Coke machine with alcohol!  Wouldn't THAT be grand!?
2	Let me first start off by saying that one of the reasons poor Noodles is only getting two stars from me is because of the hype.  I heard SO many good things about Noodles & Company from several different people that had eaten at their locations across the country, so I was really looking forward to a yummy, carb-loaded meal.  Unfortunately, the product definitely did not live up to the hype.I ordered bacon cheeseburger mac and cheese (my mouth waters just by typing out those words).  I had visions of hot, creamy cheese sauce with moist hamburger and hunks of bacon dancing in my head.  Much to my dismay, the actual product was quite "chain-y".  To start, the whole dish came out room temperature.  The cheese sauce appeared to be white American and was just mehhh.  On top was a dry combination of hamburger meat, bacon (bits?), shredded cheddar, green onions, and diced tomatoes.  The tomatoes were the best part; it gave the dish some much needed acidic freshness.  I won't lie, I ate the entire thing.  But much like the cheese sauce, the entire dish was just very mehhhhh.Something else too:  Despite the fact that they advertise as such, they don't have beer.  Yet?  I know the restaurant is relatively new and they may be waiting on a liquor license and such, but if you say you have beer both on your storefront AND on your menu, you better have a sign up alerting us to otherwise.  It was quite the "wah wah wah wahhhhh" moment.  But thankfully, my sadness from lack of beer was alleviated by their super fun pop machine!  Talk about high-tech good times.  They have one large machine and it's a touch screen.  Your main screen gives you your basic choices for pop, and then once you choice your brand it goes to ANOTHER screen that gives you all these additional options for flavor!  Did anyone else realize that Coke products come in nearly a dozen different flavors???  I mean, this was my first time here so I'm not sure if ALL of the options have that many flavor choices, but talk about a good time!So my thoughts overall are:  If you need a meal on the quick side (30 minutes or less) and you don't want greasy fast food or Subway, than this is a totally acceptable destination.  It's quick (during non-peak hours), it's filling, and it does have a decent selection.  But otherwise, venture out somewhere else.  There are a dozen different places to eat just within Market Square itself!  Take your sit-down business elsewhere and leave this option for when you're in a time crunch.
4	If you're hungry and in a hurry while in Market Square, this is the place to go. Good, quick, and cheap.
3	The concept of this is great, there is something for everyone, however, pay very close attention to the nutritional facts.My friend and I went to the new location downtown.  We peeked at the menu and nutritional facts ahead of time so I was aware of what I was ordering before I got there.  We entered and there was no line.  We encountered a ver courteous cashier who explained how everything worked.  He took our order and we got a table.  The tables were clean but a little cramped together.Our food was delivered timely and was pretty good.  Not the best thing I have had in Pittsburgh but it was A-OK!  The food was warm and fresh.  I had the Japanese Pan Noodles with beef.  We also ordered the Pot Stickers which were better than my meal.I should mention that they have a wide variety of fountain drinks, including diet vanilla dr. pepper....YUMM!There are employees that walk around and gather dishes and ask if there is anything else that you need.I was shocked to discover when I got back that my meal had 620 calories and the beef was an additional 340 calories.  If you find the nutritional information online you must order the small portion, which was not given to me as an option.  The website provides a flowchart of what you can order to stay under 500 caloriess but you have to order the small portions.  I also found online that they do have the option to order a small meal, with a protein, and soup or salad.  I think that will be the best option for those that count calories.I will probably go back there at some point but no rush on my end.  I will also need to pay alot more attention to the nutritional content upon ordering.
5	Just had dinner there and it was great amazing food wonderful service
4	Authentic Taste with fusion style dishes. This is an impressive place. Located in Market Square downtown. They have 3 main dish categories, American, Mediterranean and Asian, pasta or salad, with your choice of protein (Meatballs, Chicken, Beef, Shrimp or Tofu). Having lived in Thai Town (part of Los Angeles), I was curious to try the Asian dishes. It was VERY GOOD! Cilantro, Lime, just the right amount of spice, quick and filling. http://www.noodles.com/nutrition/ Use the site above to check your dish of interest, because some of them do have High Calories and Sodium. Average 700+ Calories & 1000mg+ Sodium.
2	I saw the "Coming Soon" sign weeks ago and was rather excited since I am a carb-oholic by nature and anytime you say noodles my ears perk up and my salivary glands kick into gear.  Needless to say I have been waiting (anxiously) to try this place for a while and after reading all the reviews I was certainly looking forward.Now that I have taken my last sip and chewed my last bite ... all I can say is MEH.  Let me start with the positives and then move on to the part that quickly turned what could have been a four or five star review into a "I'll give you two stars this time and I hope you impress me next time" review.I walked in at 12:45pm and the place was packed, the line actually was out the door by about 4 people, which is considerable regarding it was late for lunch time (sorta).  Upon getting to the register there was no acknowledgement of it possibly being my first time, when I clearly had the deer in front of headlights look, but the gentleman who took my order was super nice and didn't rush me.  I ordered the Penne Rosa, with Parmessan Chicken, and a soft drink.  After taxes I think I paid $10.50 or so.  So service was fast, it was friendly, and it wasn't horribly expensive.  They do have a super fun touchscreen pop machine...but they were out of Coke Zero **heart break**So why was it meh?  I was afraid the "fast food" aspect would dilute the flavor and that it did.  For the first time in my life I ate something that was both spicy and bland.  I didn't know if to reach for the glass of water or for the salt shaker.  I opted for the Diet Coke and called it even.  I did take it to-go so maybe that had something to do with it ... but for something to pack that much of a spicy punch (lips tingled but not quite beads of sweat) and still be like "where's the actual flavor" is rather unacceptable.I do want to return.  And I want to actually do a sit-down meal instead of to-go.  Perhaps trying a different genre of dish or simply eating it fresh as opposed to after a cross-town trek will make for a better taste.  I do love pasta, so I'm not ready to write this place off.  Maybe next time it'll impress as much as I thought it would...heck, even if it just impresses period I'll take it.
2	This is my second trip to Noodles & Company, again during the lunch hour.By now this establishmen is a couple months past the hype but it's only turned out so-so, three stars for me.First, the girl who took my order was friendly, responsive, quick and attentive. After making up my mind, I got the Japanese Pan Noodles, however without protein, as the dosis of carbs fulfills more than the amount of calories I want to alot to lunch. Also, for being a fast food restaurant, a price of 10 dollars is pushing it. On that note, the pricing boards are not the clearest. You find yourself going back and forth between sections just to puzzle together how much you will be paying at the end. This all, no matter how fancy the a-la-carte coke vending machine is. My drink was a blend of strawberry-vanilla sprite zero. I love the fact that Pittsburgh has a trend of getting picked as a test or at least a first wave implementation city for new machines and products. (:-))I was in line barely ten minutes before my order was filled, which was great, as I was in line behind about 15 people. I must agree with another fellow yelp-ers review, because this dish was both blan and overspiced. It was overloaded with black pepper and the noodles were scorched from the pan frying process. The carrots, mushrooms and sprouts had no flavor, not even the sweeter sauce flavoring the dish came with. But boy, was there a parsley kick. I was in an out within 30 minutes, and the place makes me want to come back only when I am craving my noodle comfort food. I'm going to get technical for a second from a customer flow perspective, but the layout of the place sucks: First, if you are dining in, the space is petit, laden with various size tables that may or may not be available at lunch time, including long cafeteria-like tables to accommodate more than 6 people, so if you're not at least willing to meet a new lunch companion for the day, you may be out of luck. Second, the common tables are triangular in nature to maximize space, so you may run out of room to set the bowls that are brought to you by a 'server'. This server is also responsible to clearing your dishes, to avoid spacial accomdation for waste bins. Third there is NO counter between the final food station and the customer. This makes we more than nuts because servers, food perparers, cashiers, food itself and customers are all within the same bubble. It may have been there for quick access, however it's turns into a crowd control/sanitation issue.If you decide to take out, there is no space to accomdate you during your waiting time. If you get there during the big lunch rush, you may find yourself stepping on yourself or other people, including the 'servers' that are flowing back and forth. It's absolutely hopeless, but I don't know if there's much one can do about this.The best advice to avoid this of course is to avoid the lunch hour, as downtown empties out after 4pm. When I pass the Noodle & Company place in the evening times, there is ample space for you to enjoy your fast noodle meal.
2	My co-workers order lunch from Noodles & Company often. They really like it. Sorry, but I don't agree. Thus far, I've sampled the thai noodles and the truffle macaroni and cheese. One word describes both dishes: BLAND. Thai food should never be boring, and the curry lacked spice completely. The macaroni and cheese surprisingly lacked flavor for how many ingredients it contained. I ended up shaking some hot sauce over it. Succinctly, this chain charges a bit too much for bland lunches.
2	I could not wait to go to Noodles & Co [today was the day]; and in the words of my amazing Husband this place "sucked anus"! I ordered the Pad Thai with Organic Tofu.  Here is my recap:- The entire dish was dry; - The Noodles were overcooked and sticky: I can feel them, like a big rubber ball, sitting in my stomach;- The Tofu appeared to be deep-fried: it was an odd shade of brown and the texture resembled that of chewing gum;- There was no flavor to the dish other than that of the oil they used to saute the undercooked carrots and onions - lots-and-lots of onions;- And, where were my peanuts and cilantro?This is not Thai, which is all about the balance of flavors and spices, salty, sweet and heat!  I am all about giving the benefit of the doubt, but have reservations about giving this place a second-shot: I would much rather risk the cockroaches at the Lemongrass Cafe and get my Pad Thai there... Eew!!!
3	Decent curry soup. Tofu was great.
2	When it's 82 degrees in Pittsburgh...in March...I'll take any excuse I can get to sit outside in Market Square.  Today's excuse was a much-anticipated inaugural trip to Noodles & Company.  I ordered online with 7 other co-workers; which is a great feature their website and one you should DEFINITELY take advantage of no matter how small or large your group may be. Otherwise, get ready to WAIT. Seriously. The line was capital E - Epic and the atmosphere was chaotic to match.  I will say this - their online ordering system was down today, so the pick-up of our order was a little messy.  But the manager eventually made good on all of our orders, so I'm going to let it go.Our selections ranged from my own Bangkok Curry to a couple of Pad Thais, a salad and a few Italian noodle dishes thrown in for good measure.  Out of 10, the highest rating my co-workers gave to their own respective dishes was 8 and the lowest 6; though after further thought I might change my 6 to a 5.  My Bangkok Curry was totally fine.  Fresh broccoli, well-cooked noodles, but lacking in spice. Just nothing special and now I smell like an onion.  Definitely not worth waiting in that insane line for (even though I didn't, as an online orderer), but worth it enough to pay $5 for.  I'd recommend going once, maybe twice to try another genre of noodle dish.  Beyond that, there are so many more local, interesting joints that serve noodles in this awesome city of ours.
3	Fast food style noodle joint that will satisfy your hunger and may offer some variety to your normal routine. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the Japanese Pan Noodles that were recommended by the cashier. The service was very good as someone was roaming around the dining area to see how things were going. I enjoyed the passion tea that was brewed and had a good experience overall. This is not on my "A-List" of places to take a friend but occasionally stopping by, I say yes.Recommend.
5	High quality food with very speedy and efficient service. Staff members were friendly and helpful. Would come again.
2	I am a HUGE noodle dish and fan and was quite excited to try this place!  Big, big letdown.  I was told to order online to avoid the RIDICULOUSLY long lunch hour lines & yes, ordering online was a breeze (The initial price of the noodle bowl isn't bad but add meat or tofu topping and you're quickly up to over $8.  Yet I was hopeful it would be worth it).The restaurant:  LOUD (blasting music & loud customers in a place w a high, metal ceiling), cramped (tables sooo close together), jam-packed.  The food: Meh. I ordered the Japanese pan noodle dish with tofu.  They skimped on the tofu & vegetables but there were loads and loads of sticky, gummy soba-ish noodles.  The sauce was barely there and had been completely cooked on and into the noodles.  Not much flavor at all.  The only thing that made it edible was a heavy dose of sriracha sauce. Maybe their fatty mac & cheese dishes are amazing but I certainly won't be back to try for $9 a bowl.
3	Color me... meh. I've had a couple of their Asian noodle dishes and mostly I feel as though they're barely ok, no flavors that pop out at you, nothing interesting to write home to Yelp about.Maybe there's not much better for Asian food in downtown (oh Sukhothai, how we miss you!) but most of the time, I think I'd rather get a different cuisine for lunch and then go to a better Asiany place for dinner.Also, given the portion size, please do yourself a favor and do NOT look up the calorie count for their dishes. It will definitely shock you.
3	I've been to the Noodle Company in Market Square a couple times for lunch this month, including last Monday.  It's one of those places where you order at the register, get your own table, they give you a number and bring you the food.  My experiences here have overall been fairly good  though the restaurant does get packed around lunch time. But, it's downtown. What do you expect?  Luckily, there was an open table for me and my companions both times I came this past month, but I recently learned that they've stopped in before and there were no open tables. On to what I like about it: The selection and combinations. And did I mention carbs,carbs, carbs.  You basically pick the way you want your pasta prepared and can choose a meat, shrimp or tofu to add.  The first time I had Japanese Pan Noodles with parmesan chicken- not the best flavor combination but I should have known better. Last Monday, I decided to play it a little safer and go with the Bangkok Curry with  plain Chicken.  This was a much better choice. My co-workers feel that the mac and cheese dishes are much better than teh asian dishes. In addition, the service has been fast, the dishes I ordered came out within 5-10 minutes.  They also have one of the new fountain drink machines where you can pretty much get any soft drink you can think of, including some flavors I haven't heard of before. Last time, I tried Diet Vanilla Coke just to try it.  It frankly wasn't very good but hey, next time I can try one of the other 200 flavor combinations. So, if you are headed to Noodles & Company for lunch I would suggest that if it's busy when you come in and there's an open table, send someone in the group to take the table and order for them.
3	Noodles are good, but the soda machine is my favorite part. For my first time here I decided to try a bunch of things, I specifically went with a bunch of people so we could share. I ended up sampling the mac and cheese, penne rosa, tomato basil bisque, steak stroganoff, and the Japanese pan noodles. Everything was good, maybe a slight cut above the average noodle joint, though macaroni and cheese was easily my favorite. Sadly, the pan noodles were a bit too charred, though they substituted them for another dish without any hassle. The soup was pretty good, and it costing only a buck extra with a meal was pretty nice. It's a busy place and the interior is a bit too cafeteria-like for me (though the tables themselves are nice). The real highlight for me was the soda machine, almost worth the trip in itself. It's a new touch screen set up which has all manner of coke products and allows each one to be customized with different flavors (strawberry sprite, orange coke, etc). The only downside is only one person can use it at a time. It certainly brought out the kid in me.I had high hopes from what people had said about this place, but, while good, the food just wasn't anything exceptional.
3	While I'm a major fan of LuLu's Noodles in Oakland, when it comes to competition Noodles & Co. is a close second. Sometimes, I just want reasonably priced pasta - and in a style other than the kind I find at Asian restaurants. For those who don't know, Noodles & Co. is basically what it sounds like: it's a chain that specializes in serving multiple styles of noodle-based dishes. It has everything from spaghetti to pesto to plain old buttered noodles with meatballs. It also serves a couple soups as well. So if you like noodles and carbs, Noodles is the place to hit for a quick bite. I only gave it three stars because I don't leave raving about the food, but really, for what it is - a quick and relatively cheap lunch or dinner - it's just fine. Every time I've been here or any of its other locations, my friends and I have not been disappointed. The servers I've run into - including someone I knew in high school - have always been nice and quick to correct any problems I have had with my meal.So why am I writing a review for this specific location? Out of all of the locations for this chain I've visited, this one (downtown) is the best; it's the biggest and has the most seating, it felt the most welcoming, and I wonder if the menu and drink options are a bit more varied than the ones at smaller places. It's been a while since I visited the alternate locations so I won't say this is a definitive, but at the very least, the downtown location gives the sense that it has more options, and that's a positive whether it's a feeling or a fact.It does seem to have its off-days given the state of the other reviews, but hopefully you can catch the place on a good day!
5	Went out to grab a quick and simple dinner tonight at Noodles & Co. I go often for lunch, their food is always good and consistent. But tonight I am prompted to write a review because of the excellent service we received from Zach. Zach is awesome - he greeted us, suggested plates and was by far a pleasure to be around. Felt the need to write a review because so many great service industry people do not get the kudos they deserve. Thanks again, Zach! Made our experience tonight a great one.
2	I have to give props to the employees for being super nice and doing their best to keep up with their work, but sadly, I was rather disappointed. I heard some good things about this place and we decided to have an Easter lunch just earlier today to give it a shot.It wasn't too busy for a Saturday lunch, so we were able to quickly understand the ordering process and get our choices in. When we sat down, we had two number markers for the delivery of the food (two meals/two meals). However, when the first number was delivered, all of the meals were passed out except for mine, which was kind of strange since my meal was with another person; yet, their meal came out under the first number?Anyways, they seemed like they were having some confusion with the food up front, so after another 5 minutes or so, my meal did finally come. The girl delivering was still confused with what she had on her tray when she kept trying to give me the wrong order. (We figured it out)So, the salad was the Tomato and Cucumber. Honestly, I didn't know what was all on it, I just wanted something with cucumbers. So the salad is... that. Tomato, cucumber, and onion with a kind of vinaigrette dressing (no lettuce or anything) But hey, it wasn't bad, I just didn't know it was a limited thing (so that was my fault).The meal for me was the whole wheat tuscan linguine with tofu. I can hear some of you gagging at the thought of tofu, especially with this. I was thinking I should have gotten the Bangkok Curry instead, but whatever. The tofu was fine, cooked well enough. The pasta itself was kind of bland though, and there wasn't very much topping with it. Not to mention, since I got my food a little later, it was already starting to get cold.While I didn't get a pop, my table mates did and we were rather impressed by the pop machine... it was all touchscreen with just about any Coke products (with many flavors of each!), if you're a pop lover, this would be your dream machine.So, I wasn't super impressed. I'm not sure if I would avoid this place though... I appreciated the fact that there was a lot of vegetarian options (in comparison to the other places in the Square) and perhaps I just got a meal that wasn't that good in the first place. If I return, I should probably try the curry with tofu, but until then, this was all I got out of it.Sorry Noddles, not a very good rating for this visit. :(
4	Crazy busy at lunch time!!!Truffle mac and stroganoff are their best dishes.
4	The service and food is great. Had the Pad Thai and it was delicious and I also like the decor of the place.
3	The staff can be a bit rude.
3	Standard chain in market square. Packed during lunch. For me the menu is weak. But they have been running short promos of new temporary items and they have been ok.
5	I just had the Indonesian chicken peanut dish, yummy and fresh!And Lex the cashier and Carrie the chef could not have been sweeter or more welcoming.
3	While the food here is generally fairly reliable, the staff is just slow.  And there's no excuse for it because there's plenty of employees.  While I watched my food "die in the pass", I had more than enough time to count the 8 or 10 employees that were just standing around not doing much of anything(besides talking with each other).  There were perhaps 2-3 orders active, so they weren't crushed during my post-rush lunch.It took some restraint not just to go bag my own food, and get out of there in 1/2 the time.The bankok curry was good, but the portion size was pretty small.I've also had the stroganoff and it was decent.The employees lack the sense of urgency required in the food business.  Time is money, people!
3	I got the Bangkok Curry w/ shrimp it was really good going down, I gave it 3 stars because I got sick, don't know if it was from the food or the pill I took for my headache. I will be trying it again though.
3	Pretty good .. Chef made my food before I officially ordered because counter person was AWOL which was okay because they were cooking before I ordered Bangkok curry.  Soda plus food was about $9-10 bucks.  Not over portioned so perfect size .. I added chicken to the noodles.. And that was decently tasty. Ambiance was good.. And I would like try the place again.  It was late late afternoon so not crowded and they bused my table and kept it clean as I was hanging out there for awhile after finishing my plate.  Free wifi at this location if needed.
3	Noodles is an okay lunch spot if you want some comfort, carby food.  It can get a bit hectic during the lunch rush (consider ordering online if you are doing take-out).  The menu has a bit of something for everyone, and you can tinker with the ingredients if you are picky (like me). Be careful when you order to state whether you want the small or regular portion. If you just order the "Penne Rosa" you will get the larger portion (as opposed to them asking what size you wanted).   They have a Coke freestyle machine, but as others have mentioned, every time I have gone there there has been some sort of problem with it (even the employees complain about it).  The ingredients are fresh, though generally I think their food is blandish and lacking in seasoning.
4	I work right across the square so this is one of the 4 places I eat through the week.  I usually do takeout and my food comes out in a reasonable amount of time.  On the rare occasion that I dine in, staff is always quick to my table and attentive.*To the defense of the employees and their "slow" service because they're not ALL jumping to make your order - not all employees work in all areas, and they will probably get reprimanded for leaving their station. Some days they work different stations.*Now on to the good stuff! Originally I would get the spicy spaghetti and meatballs, minus parmesan plus extra meatballs.  I got this dish at least once a week and it always came out correctly and hot.  The staff is always friendly and never seems to mind my obnoxious orders!  However, I recently got a tooth pulled so it's been chicken noodle soup.   Big pieces of chicken, some green things that I don't know because I don't really eat veggies, carrots and hearty noodles! You get two packs of crackers for dipping.  If you get it to go you will need to wait a bit to start because it does come out piping hot! This is definitely my go to soup spot, especially in this weather.
3	We went on a Sat evening before a show at the Benedum so it was pretty busy, but the line went fast. I ordered the Wisconsin Mac & Cheese with parmesan chicken. it came out very hot and cooked well. the flavor was good but I was disappointed in that it was a tad runny and a majority of the noodles had no cheese/sauce on them. The chicken was great, nice crust and very tasty! I will definitely try this again, but I will try something other than mac & cheese... which I should have donE in the first place.
3	Great place for carb overload. It's the panera of pasta! Diverse selections and quick turnaround. Limited seating but usually able to steal a table. The Italian selections are my favorite but tried the spicy peanut noodles for the first time. Also offer wine and domestic beers. Another great addition to the various restaurants around market square
5	For the price and convenience, this place is great.  I had lunch there with a friend and we both really liked it (first time for both of us).  The food was great, the service was great, and prices were great- everything was pretty much just great.  I had the tomato basil soup with the cheesy bread and it was, of course, great.  They have a great menu and a lot of options, and will pretty much make whatever you want to order.. so food allergies, picky eaters, etc.. nooo problems here!  The people working were really friendly and the place seemed pretty clean.  All in all I have no complaints and will definitely being going back!
4	I call in for lunch here on average once a week. I have always found the staff friendly and efficient . The pricing is fair and the meals are good . My favorite is the Steak Stroganoff. Its a nice place to eat in as the environment is clean and comfortable.
1	This place has gone from bad to worse. Now besides the overcooked noodles, you have to contend with flies buzzing around and landing in your food. And, the manager tells me they're fruit flies. I'm so glad to know he knows what they are, now why don't they get rid of them. I was told they're coming from outside! [Insert eye roll and head shaking here.] None of the other restaurants in Market Square have fruit flies. Yuck!
5	The place is always packed during lunch, for great reasoning, their food is amazing even during the lunch rush, they never drop the ball.The people taking your order are very friendly &I always get your order right. Even though they have so many orders rolling in at once & they have to move quick the quality of food is still great!! Definitely recommend if you want great noodles during lunch. The Japanese pan noodle with tofu is great.
5	I love Noodles & Co. They have such a large menu, all of which can be prepared however you want. The prices are very good for somewhat healthy meal. This is by far, one of my favorite chain locations.
1	(This review is just for this branch). After 30 minutes of waiting (not to forget everyone after me getting their order first), having burnt potstickers! Awesome! :( thank you guyz now i am late for work. I am just asuming that this whole experience was based on my race. Never mind. I am not going to avoid the restaurant just because of this branch.
3	Noodles & Company fits in nicely with the not-quite-fast-food-but-only-slightly-better spots that run the show at lunch in the majority of Market Square. It's not necessarily cheap and the serving sizes won't likely fill you up, so the appeal isn't always there for me, but it's not a bad option if you're craving some pasta. I love the pesto cavatappi (add grilled chicken), but I've never eaten it and walked away full, regardless of the size that I've ordered. You could leave full if you opted for the mac & cheese with parmesan chicken or something, but you'll pay the price in calories (they do have a sub-500 calorie menu, but those options rarely fill anyone up).There's also the issue with the awkwardness that's associated with online ordering. It's awesome that you can order ahead and pay online...but it's kind of weird how that results in a bunch of people just standing around in the middle of the restaurant waiting for their name to be called.Generally speaking, everything has been decent. Pad Thai lacks flavor, but otherwise, everything has been okay. Nothing will blow you away, but if you're in a crunch and want some carbs, Noodles & Company is worth trying.
5	I can't judge their in store dining. I order online through their website and am always in/out In 1 to 2 minutes or less. Great restaurant, quick food, great service. Probably the best fast food casual in the neighborhood.
5	Just to update my last review since I had only ever been to Noodles & Co. once at that time, let me just say that they do, in fact, still earn themselves a hefty 5 star rating.  I eat there for lunch frequently (maybe once a month) and they never disappoint.  Ive tried a few different things - all great.  Ive gone at different times and the service is always excellent.  I usually order online and then go pick it up since I only have a 30 minute break, and I literally click the Submit button, grab my things, walk across the street and it's there waiting for me.. every single time!  I love so much that the service is so fast and accurate, and its so convenient!  and the staff that works there has never been anything but super friendly.. almost a year later, and this place has yet to change my mind!  Thank you Noodles & Co. for always being top notch
