5	I needed a electrician for a home I'm selling and asked around the neighborhood for a referral . I called number and electrician came out same day to troubleshoot GFi in kitchen.  Great service and great price.
5	Just had our bathroom remodel updated with all LED lighting.  Looks great and job was done professionally, owner and tech were courtesy and pricing was within our budget.  I have recommended them to family and neighbors, all who had the same experience with Phoenix Electricians Today
4	I called for service and was routed to the techs on the field, got VM but didn't leave a message however they called right back and came by same day service. They were very professional including the office staff who I called first and who called back later to check in. I wAs impressed by their customer service, they fixed the issue and gave very detailed explanation of the work. Would recommend. Didn't do 5 stars because was a bit pricy but I was willing to pAy for the great service they provided.
5	We called an electrician for an estimate and got two very polite and professional guys. Dennis and Joe obviously knew their business. We ended up getting important work done and are confident in the workmanship.
5	We rang 2 electricians, PET and one other. The second one never even bothered showing up to quote - $2300 later (a number of jobs) I bet that other electrician would be kicking himself if he knew!Dennis and Joe were very professional and definitely were experienced and knew their stuff. We had OUR ideas on what to do, plus being clueless on how to achieve other ideas. Dennis and joe offered great advice, going well beyond "Yes we can do that for $xxxxx", but, rather, making great suggestions that, after the job, proved to be brilliant (literally and metaphorically!).Would recommend them without hesitation!
4	Came out on a Sunday afternoon after our electric panel arced, called them and they were there in about an hour didn't have the part we needed, but tried to locate the part.
5	Dennis is awesome! He arrived immediately, late at night, to assess our electrical needs, was knowledgeable, communicative, professional, and great to work with. Would definitely recommend them!
