5	Just picked up my Tahoe after dropping it off to get detailed. I was amazed when I picked it up.  When I dropped it off it had about a years worth of food and drink that my two kids have dropped or spilled since the last detail. I couldn't believe how clean these guys got the carpet. The entire vehicle looked almost as if it were brand new and its 6 years old. I highly recommend these guys and will definitely be going back. They exceeded my expectations.
3	Good enough, except I can't stand anywhere that allows the windshield repair vultures to operate there. It feels like when I refuse the windshield repair the car wash is subpar. Make sure to print off the coupons from the website, you can save alot.
4	They always do such a good job in washing my car, inside an out, but I just hate the windshield nazi's.  I know I have a chip in my windshield, I dont need for you to point that out to me. I just come in to get my car washed, not be interigated about the windshield!
4	Good car wash, they do a good job. The prices are a little high, but they usually have a groupon deal every now and again. Like other reviews, the windshield guys are bothersome.
1	Prices are high. But still decided to get my brand new truck washed here. Sat in the waiting room. After watching numerous cars and trucks go by. After 30 I thought maybe they are just doing a good job. An hour goes by. Finally start asking about my truck.  I go look outside it's still out front and nobody has even touched it. Very upset because I was hoping to have it cleaned for my son's graduation. I didn't have any more time to waste with these jokers that wanted to act tough after I confronted them about it. No apologies just gave me a refund.  This place needs better management.
3	Watch out for the short black dude in the white shirt ladies. Too big of a flirt! Teeters on the edge of uncomfortable and scary!
1	Take way to long to clean my car. 2 hrs and they still haven't wax or clean the inside. And they pushy when all I wanted was a wash and inside detailed
1	Horrible service!  After paying $80 for an interior detail & exterior wax, I dropped my car off at 8:30am.  Johnny, a persistent, rude sales rep asked me 4 times if I wanted to add $40 to have it buffered.  Johnny told me the detail and wax would take 2-4 hours.  At 4pm, I arrived to find my car was not done and would not be until 5:30pm.  Asking to speak with a manager, I was introduced to Jonathan.  He was also rude, unapologetic and offered no customer service.  Needing to be somewhere by 5pm I had to take my car only 1/4 done.  I asked for a refund and was told no because they would finish if I stayed.    Both at the time of paying & pick up I had to wait in line due to other upset customers complaining about service to the counter clerk Ashley and the manager Jonathan.
