5	Forward Theater has its home at the Overture Center- a lovely theater with comfy seats and great sound.I have seen 2 shows there- the most recent, "Sons of the Prophet", which was EXCELLENT. Many of the actors are Equity performers - but all were top notch and perfect for their roles. This is great professional theater here in Mad city.Excellent sets and music too.Go see this show before it closes. Support Live Theater!
4	My wife and I began patronizing Forward Theatre Company in their first season and have been subscribers for the last three years. It is wonderful to have an opportunity to see contemporary plays performed by local professionals in the beautiful theatres of the Overture Center.Boasting a core of actors who are also seasoned veterans of (and therefore familiar faces) American Players Theatre in Spring Green, the performances are always terrific.The opening play of the fifth season, "Sons of the Prophet" is an humorous, touching famliy portrait we both enjoyed.Prior perfromances have always been enjoyed, but some of our favorites have been the "Sould Food" monologues, "The Farnsworth Invention" (written by Aaron Sorkin!), and "The Vibrator Play."Please support local, professional theatre in Madison--Forward is a can't miss.
4	I've been to a couple of Forward Theater shows. Both presented the highest quality actors, sets and well chosen shows. The most recent show was Red, a two man show about Mark Rothko, an Abstract Expressionist, and his interactions/discussions with a young painter who is hired as his assistant. Very well done!Support Live theater, it's better than TV!!
5	I was lucky enough to attend a high school that valued the performing arts just as much if not more than athletics. Then I was able to attend a classical BFA program and earn a degree in Acting (what were my parents thinking) when all my friends were studying to become lawyers, teachers and doctors. I graduated college and was a professional aaaaauuuuuditioner (heh, heh), then switched roles, moved into arts administration, and became a Company Manager for two different regional theatres, one in Chicago then one in Arizona. Why am I telling you this? Because I have a deep appreciation for the arts. No. A hunger. I know first hand how important and influential theatre, music and dance can be and I wish more people felt the same. The arts enable us to tell stories, to feel, to understand something about our selves we may not have been aware of before the house lights went down. And while you might not love everything you see, one thing's for certain: Art brings people together. It fosters dialogue and debate in ways television doesn't. And I wish more people agreed. Warning: Sweeping generalization coming at ya:I don't think Madisonians support the arts as much as they support Packer football and crazy consumption of cheese curds. I can't tell you the number of people I meet that have never heard of Forward Theater and don't understand that their work is rehearsed and produced right here in Madison, not trucked in from somewhere. On the few occasions that I've partnered with them and raffled off tickets to see a show, I'm amazed that people aren't fighting tooth and nail for a free seat! Perhaps people are afraid of what they don't know? Well let's get you familiar.Forward Theater is celebrating five years of sharing professional and exceptional comedic and dramatic work with the citizens of central Wisconsin. They hire Wisconsin talent when they can and supplement with exceptional theatre artists from surrounding areas. Their season is as diverse as the beer line-up at Old Fashioned and plays aren't any longer than a feature film, so while you might not like everything, there's enough variety that you're certain to spot something that moves you. Tickets start at $10. TEN DOLLARS! Can you see a movie for $10? And last up, this is their job, a crazy career path they've chosen. Yes, they do it because they like it, but it's more than just fun for them. It's a profession. It's a way of life. So far I've seen Sons Of The Prophet and Red, and while I didn't enjoy the former as much as the latter (more an issue with the script than anything else), I still enjoyed being a part of the evening. Because what happens when you go see a show is you say to Forward Theater and Overture Center, "I support you." And it shouldn't matter if the arts were an integral part of your upbringing, you can support live theatre because producing organizations like Forward support you, and they've created something they want to share with you.A Facebook friend and freelance Madison-based Stage Manager had this to say yesterday:"GO SEE A PLAY. There are lots of shows happening here in Madison and I'm sure there are lots wherever you are too. Save up a few dollars and go see some live theater. Theaters rely on ticket sales. We can produce better work with more money, people can improve their craft if they can make a living doing it, and dammit, it's awesome! It's not enough to just say that you support the arts, you have to go out and actually do it."I can't agree more.
4	Forward Theater's new production of "RED" is worth a couple of hours of your time. 1- because professional theater always is worth it. Great actors become someone else and make you believe you are there with them. they make you feel. they take you somewhere new.2- it is better than spending the whole damn cold winter in your house/apt.3- watching theater is better for you than watching sports.IMHO.4- you should support artists.re- #1- in this play you get to go to 1950 NYC and see the studio of Mark Rothko, a famous painter. Is his work good? important? is he a tortured soul? you can decide when you go to the play. do you sympathize with his young assistant? does art matter?re #2- damn snow.re #3 - imho.re #4 - I am a painter - buy more art.The acting was superb, the sets and props were excellent and the theater is a nice place to watch plays. just go. (ps you do not need a yellow and green shirt.)
5	Spring 2014 - Forward Theater is producing "Or"-- a comedy/farce that is a relatively new play, having premiered in 2009. Three actors - all equity actors and Excellent - portray many characters in a one-act play about the era of 1660s England, King Charles 2, and the female playwright, Aphra Behn. A fun story with witty puns and rhymes. The staging, costumes and sets are all top-notch and once again, professional live theater comes to Madison. If only the house was SRO.
