4	I am new to the state of Arizona and had a mad craving for some good ole' Chinese Food that was not part of a 2 or 3 item combo with rice and noodles. I took my chances and stopped into this place. The lunch menu was reasonable around $5 - $7. However, I asked for shrimp egg fu yung which was not on the menu but available. I ordered it a la carte with shrimp fried rice. It was delicious. I will definitely stop by again. I am not sure of the other menu items but this was an excellent choice for me.
4	I agree with the other reviewer the house chicken is good, and very well priced for the amount of food you get. My girl friend is a great fan of chinese food so we eat here everyother week it seems. I am not a huge fan of the egg drop soup or wor wonton soup (not enough veggies), the crab puffs are good but the house chicken is what brings us back, give it a try and see how you like it. it will feed 2 if you order a few other things like a soup.
4	Order the House Special Chicken and Crab Puffs!  They are awesome!
4	I have been a fan of the Lychee Inn for over 10 years and have eaten there about once a month during those 10 years.  My mother loves chinese food and for our Chinese dinner out together that's where we go and order the same thing every time because it never disappoints:We start with the seafood soup which contains shrimp, crab, scallops and is absolutely delicious.  Then the potstickers which sometimes are better than others but always good enough to keep getting them every time!  Then, the shrimp chow mein with garlic and the beef and broccoli.They bring out fried bananas for dessert compliments of the restaurant. The food is plentiful and there is always half left to take home!It is not fine dining but is fine food and reasonably priced.  The service is good and the servers friendly.  The setting is casual (there is a TV on the back wall)and the space is cozy and the important thing is: the food is good!
3	I've been looking for a local Chinese restaurant for years.  Have not found one that is consistently head and shoulders above the rest.  So I thought I'd give the Lychee Inn a chance.  I tried the House Special Chicken that everyone said was excellent.   The portions were huge.  Easily enough for three.  The dish was middle of the road.  The breaded chicken was cooked correcty, not overdone and dry.  What got me was the sauce.  I could not tell what the mix of sauces were, but they really did not blend well for me.  I'll keep looking.  Or maybe try a different dish.
4	My wife and I ate at Lychee Inn yesterday night for dinner for the first time. We've been wanting to try this place out for some time since we live very close and heard good things from several different people. We are both glad we finally decided to go.The menu is very diverse with many pork, chicken, beef, seafood and rice and noodle options.We decided to order pork fried rice, beef with snow peas and moo shoo chicken along with the complimentary tea and white rice. All dishes were fresh, hot and served to us within 10 minutes of our order. We had plenty of food left over and gave me another meal today.The pork fried rice was a little bit different from what I've grown up eating in California, but still good nonetheless. The rice was darker and had bean sprouts. The moo shoo also came pre-wrapped. Other places I've eaten ate you always filled your own pancake. Either way, I still have the food inside spill out.The main dining room isn't especially big, but has several booths and table to sit at. There is a small bar inside if you wish to have a drink during dinner.There are daily lunch specials for under $7. I'm going to head back this week or next week to enjoy one of the lunch specials.
3	The food is is superb, however it is very pricey for Chinese food.  The service is good but half the time I've been there the place is near deserted.  Typical full chinese menu, no real house specialties worth mentioning.
5	I really, really love this place.  The "Sizzling Rice" dishes are just amazing, and I mean AMAZING.  The Sizzling Rice Soup is just the best I've ever had anywhere.  It's bright with fresh vegetables that aren't cooked to death and full of a variety of meats, including shrimp, pork and chicken.  The broth is delicate and delicious.  I just can't get over how much I LOVE LOVE LOVE this dish.I usually get the Sizzling Rice Shrimp, but the server mis-heard me one day and brought the soup instead, and now I crave it day and night.  An order of that and a Tsing Tao makes the best lunch *ever.*I have no idea how the rest of the menu stacks up, because this is all I ever eat here.  But I imagine, based on the quality of these, that it's all good.  The atmosphere is pretty standard, but nice and clean, and the service is very good.Go here.  Eat sizzling rice.  Be happy.
1	You are better off eating at a Panda Express in the projects. It would be cleaner there. That is all I have to say.
1	I just got an order of Chicken Supreme to go and I am NOT IMPRESSED!  The flavor is really good but the consistency of the chicken and the breading tastes pretty sad.  Ive been here before and enjoyed my meal, but this may be my last meal at Lychee Inn.I didnt even finish my meal, im feeling sick to my stomach...
4	I love this inexpensive place.. their lunch menu is excellent serving great soups and oh so delicious crab puffs... I love the Garlic Chicken, House chicken, mongolian beef... you get your moneys worth here.  Their hot tea is served with every meal and it is pretty good!
4	Just had dinner there.  The service was impeccable and the food was fresh and tasty.  Ordered the walnut shrimp and house chicken, which was juicy and tender.  I love that this quaint restaurant still brings out a pot of hot tea as a standard, which isn't standard anymore in most Asian restaurants.  A must try for Asian cuisine!
2	Arrived for Sunday lunch-dinner with the kids and only one other couple was there. Started with the Sizzling Rice Soup, which we all shared, and the broth was really good. It had veggies, chicken, pork and shrimp. It was really tasty and if we go back I would definitely try it again. We had the Hunan Spicy two which is shrimp and chicken in a sweet and spicy red sauce, really good. Also had the Sizzling Go Ba which is four meats poured into a sizzling pan in front of you. After the sizzle went out though the flavors were bland. It's a clear sauce, but needed salt or some other spice. I would go again if invited, but not by choice.
5	The best Chinese restaurant in Tempe! So delicious and super great service.Fantastic hot and sour soup. Fantastic.
5	My favorite Chinese food in the area.The house chicken is fantastic and pretty unique.  Excellent breading with flavorful sauce that isn't syrupy.  Their hot and sour soup and pot stickers are also very good compared to similar fare elsewhere.  The menu's large enough that everything on it isn't a home run, but I've not had anything I didn't at least enjoy.  Other favorites: macadamia shrimp, eggplant and pork, ma bo dofu.The owners and service are nice, and I randomly get fried bananas every once in a while.  I'm pretty sure it's a day-of-the-week thing but I haven't quite figured that out.I don't get what's with other reviewers complaining about this place's cleanliness/quality.  The building's old, but everything's plenty clean.  As a general rule, I'd say the dishes that have no sauces or seasoning listed on the menu are pretty light on seasoning and sauces, so order something more flavorful if that's not what you'd like :).
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.    Best Lemon Chicken ever!!!Always great quality food at reasonable pricing.  Great sizzling rice soup in town.
5	For the price, it's as good as you can get. The service is really friendly and the flat-sceen TV still has the protective liner on it!Their specialty chicken dish is good and I like the walnut shrimp even though I'm sure it's the unhealthiest thing I could ever eat.Going to the bathroom is fun because there is a curtain of beads to walk through!
5	The eggplants & gourmet vegetables are great.  The tofu seaweed need just a little bit more of salt. Everything is perfect. The service is good, fast,  friendly!I would like to go back to try other menus.
5	If you don't get the crab puffs you need to slap yourself!!! They are the best, very good food every time.
5	We ordered egg flower soup bowl, two beers, sake, mango chicken and shrimp, hot tea, and rice.... All for $30!!! Great service, amazing fresh food, friendly staff. We even learned some Chinese !!!
