3	Stayed here on a recent weekend trip to the 'Burgh. I believe this hotel just switched from being a Holiday Inn to a Wyndham, so they might still be working out the kinks.Had a pleasant stay after a few initial blips: had booked thru Booking.com a room with Executive Lounge access--which the front desk didn't realize at first--then after that was rectified, the room I was given had a non-working cooling system--making the room temp around 80 degrees. Maintenance was up quickly but couldn't fix the problem, so they gave me a new room. No problems after that.Did not eat or drink at the hotel, or use the pool or any other amenities (briefly used the Executive Lounge to get some water/soda). Tried to use the hotel shuttle--free for trips inside 3 miles--but it was unreliable. I had friends staying in hotels around the city, and they had better luck with their shuttles. This is a key point when staying in PGH, as cab service is one of the worst in the US, and public transport is spotty. On the plus side, during a particularly long wait for the missing-in-action shuttle, a hotel employee who was getting off work offered to give us a ride Downtown for a small fee. Overall, this is a good location if visiting Pitt or CMU. Was also good value: on a weekend where most of the hotels were charging $300-400/night, I got a room here for less than half that. I would consider staying here again.
3	Run of the mill hotel. The free shuttle is a nice touch, but be sure to call ahead to request it or else you'll be SOL. We came to see the Pirates game and it was a cheap taxi by DC standards and a lot of restaurants were walkable.
3	I stayed here for CMU Graduation weekend.  It is a pedestrian hotel with standard rooms and features, and is in the process of being converted to a Wyndham from a Holiday Inn.  It is great if you're doing business or visiting CMU, Pitt, or Oakland, but not so much if you're going to be downtown.Pros:-Extremely convenient to CMU, University of Pittsburgh, and Oakland-Free Wifi-Shower was really nice and powerful-Hotel staff were attentive and friendly, even when guests seemed happy and were unpleasantCons:-Beds were a little too firm, pillows were small-Bathroom amenities smelled gross-Toilet handle was jiggly and not working 100%-Hotel is not convenient at all to Downtown Pittsburgh-No complimentary breakfast-Room was freezing almost the entire timeOverall, this is an ok place to stay.  It does the trick and its a good option for those who have business near the universities.  I don't know if I would stay here again, but it wasn't bad enough that I would avoid it at all costs.
5	Well, when I first rolled up to my room, it wasn't quite ready... manager didn't bat an eye, just upgraded me to an executive suite while they figured it out. Basically the same room, but a little better view and... most importantly, after a LONG, troublesome flight, I didn't have to sit around while someone looked into it or whatever. I was asleep within minutes!!!! That's customer service... I dig it. Everything else was as advertised... wish I had a little more time to take advantage of it all, the Bridges restaurant, etc... I was pretty much booked though.
2	Not the best experience. Elevators slow and too crowded. Walls paper thin, so very noisy. My sister stayed there too and was kept up all night by crying baby. Parking lot and parking structure shared with UPMC medical facility and okay on weekend but Monday morning a total zoo. For this they charge a high fee for Pittsburgh. Room itself was clean and comfortable.
2	The staff was extremely helpful and due to a family emergency I had to leave the night that I checked in and they did not charge me for anything. However, the sink was only running hot water. The room was very spacious and it was conveniently located. The parking garage was completely counter intuitive and one of the ticket insertion mechanisms didn't work.THE WIFI WAS HORRENDOUS!! It was as slow as slow can be and extremely frustrating.
2	Pros:Close the Heinz chapel and several museums.Comfortable beds.  Nice complimentary bath products (True Blue Spa)Cons:Parking structure isn't attached to the hotel.  If you have a lot of luggage, expect to make multiple trips.  Finding a parking spot was also very difficult.Long wait for the elevators.Maid service never came into our room.  We stayed two nights.  11 a.m. check outNo airport shuttle
3	Stayed here for my first trip to the 'burgh.I landed at 1am and tried to raid the hotel snack pantry because I was starving.  The receptionist handed me menus to the local joints that were still open because she saw that a bag of chips wasn't going to do it for me.  Nice customer service.The rooms were large although the air conditioning is controlled outside of your room so if it's too hot/too cold you're sort of stuck with it.There is a shuttle that will drop you off within 3 miles of the hotel but each time I tried to catch it  the shuttle was already out and about 20 minutes away. This is a nice location if you need to be in Oakland and from what I can gather a very safe neighborhood.
2	The room was clean, the bed was big, the towels were fresh, free wifi . . . . But the walls are thin-- both nights we were awoken by noisy neighbors late at night and early in the morning: chatting in the room, watching TV, talking on the phone. As if this wasn't bad enough, we were awoken at 4am by the fire alarm! Turned out it needed new batteries. Ugh!Our second morning, we went down to the restaurant for breakfast, which is not included. There was no menu, just a no-frills buffet of eggs and pancakes and a few sad-looking pastries. We asked the waitress the prices, and she said, "Oh, we just charge you for what you eat." It took 10 minutes to get a cappuccino. We both had small portions of food. Then the bill arrived: $41! That was $15 each for a bit of food, and $8.50 (+ tax) for the coffee!Basically, this hotel needs to try harder. We had friends at the Hilton Gardens nearby who were only paying $10 more and said it was better than their past stays at the Wyndham.
1	We were given a room right over the bar.  On Friday they had 'karaoke night.'  Basically a bunch of drunk kids singing as loud as they could.  We could hear everything in our room.  The night manager said it was out of her control.  So I could recommend it if you're into drunk karaoke, but not for sleeping.
3	Stayed here the only time I've been in Pittsburg.(which happened to be for New Years) the website said they had a shuttle available for up to three miles, but didn't mention the shuttle was only till 2pm on holidays. when we asked about taxi or buses the lady just handed me a card with a couple taxi companies, two of which were disconnected and another was a limo company. We finally figured out there was a bus stop right around the corner that would take us to the cultural district. The next morning house keeping came at 8:30. Normally I wouldn't mind but being as we didn't get back to the hotel till1:30 I thought that was a little early.
3	The front desk staff was friendly, however they were not helpful with providing transportation information. I do not use public transportation where I live but am more than willing to when traveling (and often prefer it than getting lost in my personal vehicle). If it wasn't for my ability to Google bus information, I would not have been able to get to my destination. The room was clean, as expected, but it was in the low 60s. I turned up the wall thermostat and it inched up a couple degrees before I left but when I came back 5+ hours later it was still chilly, so I had to turn it up from the window unit that read "use thermostat". That worked and I was able to sleep comfortably. Luckily I did not need a fridge (my car could suffice if necessary) or microwave because the hotel charges $10-$15 extra for those.Parking costs $20/night and is in a secure garage (with an amusing guard with a dirty sense of humor), and that's reasonably priced so I had no problem with that. You can come and go as you please with the parking pass.Lastly, the housekeeping staff arrived at 8:30am which may or may not be their average time to make their rounds but on New Year's Day you would anticipate many guests, myself included, were out past midnight. Yes, that's what the "do not disturb" signs are for but it just didn't occur to me because I generally consider myself an early riser, with the exception being a holiday.
4	Rooms and bathrooms are spacious, and wifi is free, which is the most important. Parking, however, is $20 a night. There is a pool and a hotel gym (2 treadmills, a few other cardio machines and some basic weights). Warning the walls are pretty thin so you can hear your neighbors conversations, and the hotel itself is connected to a hospital- although I personally never heard the ambulance.
2	Pros: Extremely comfortable beds. And that's itCons: parking is disastrous, counter staff is extremely rude
