3	I only come to this Safeway if I am needing one item and I am around the area.  It is small and dark.  I like that they have a gas station, gas is cheaper than then Safeway at the Summit.
3	Well I agree with Marisa this Safeway is dark and small....but it is near my apt. and the points for gas program is very good. However be advised if you don't have you shopper saver's card....the staff is not really helpful in making sure you get the deal unless someone is in line that is willing to let you use there's. There is also a very small Wells Fargo branch at this locale but overall the store seems very dull and in some ways uninviting.They do have great weekly deals though and this is why I gave it at least 3 stars....and again since it is near my apt. I can grab those deals and head back home in a timely manner. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I come here for the attached gas station after collecting my safeway rewards all month.  The gas station is a zoo but when you get .50 cents off per gallon, I suppose I"m not the only one trying to not pay ridiculous gas prices.
3	The 3 cents off per gallon with your Safeway Club Card at the gas station is no longer available since August 1, 2012.
3	Great location!  I love getting a soy mocha and then shopping for groceries!  Always fresh produce and it's never super busy so I love this location!  Always dress to impress here, though, so many attractive people shop here!
4	I stopped by this Safeway because they have an actual Safeway Gas Station. When I saw this, I was so excited! I had to stop and fuel up my car. It was easy to get in to the shopping center and even easier to get fuel and get on my way. I am a frequent shopper at Safeway, so being able to use my fuel points is definitely a plus. While this particular Safeway is normally out of the way, this was a nice surprise. I'd definitely come back if I was in the neighborhood!
1	Being from Chicago I always preferred Jewel to Dominicks. Same is true out here with Albertsons on top of Safeway. Went to fill up my gas for price listed on sign. After sliding my card with clerk, went to pump my gas. I noticed the pump price was 10 cents higher than their advertised price....went to question clerk, and he says the advertised price is for cash/debit purchases. I asked him why he wouldn't mention that to me before I swiped my credit card. His response was it's not my job!!  Shady, shady....beware....
3	Dropped in while working for some water. Stores clean and the line wasn't long but of course it was during the middle of the day. Not my favorite grocery store mainly because I don't feel I'm getting the best prices here but when I need something & they are close I'll drop in. I do like the fact that Safeways typically have Starbucks in them. I find myself frequenting Safeway just for that reason
