4	So I have been going here since I moved back in May I tried all the other grocers around here too but seem to come back here much more often. They have a Wells Fargo in here which is convenient for me. They have a great alcohol selection that even includes some awesome craft brews. They have managers specials that are fantastic like 6 pieces of mixed fruit for just a buck!! I picked up some ginormous cups here for a buck each that are actually made in the USA!!  On Halloween they had a little set up for the kids to eat cookies and drink cider. They had cake decorating too my girl loved it!! Speaking of kids they also have day care up in here! I would so take advantage of this option if I had a toddler. I like the neighborhood feel of this Bashas and supporting local helps me sleep at night. There is one down side to things but its never really bothered me. There are not enough cashiers at times and it could be a problem if you were in a hurry all the time.
5	Well stocked and always nice people there. There is a wells Fargo branch in the store too. We had the pizza and @ 5.99 or 6.99 it was rather tasty.
5	I go here 3 or 4 times a week to get my all natural healthy foods.  The staff always remembers me and treats me so well.  The biggest issue at grocery stores is when there is a line of people and the staff doesnt open another lane, drives me nuts!!!  At this store, you will never see more than 3 people in line.Their prices are great and the quality of produce is always on point.  Go Bashas
4	Decent selection, fair prices, but could use more folks at the checkout lanes, or at least a process whereby they call up more employees to help out quicker.
4	After reading a stat about how much more money stays in the state when you shop local I made it my mission to keep my money in Arizona. Bashas had to be my choice for groceries. They are super friendly and always have what I need. One of my favorites is they always thank you for shopping there. My only little complaint is it can take awhile to check out, but it's worth it to me. Also they did get rid of the kid care if that means anything to anyone.
1	It's a supermarket.  I just go in buy what I need and get out.  It's convenient that there's a wells fargo in there, but there's one across the street as well.  To the negative experience.....My sister was speaking to my niece, but not in english.  Some caucasian lady walks by and rudely says, "Can't you speak english?"  WTF?!?  Is this taking SB 1070 in your own hands?  It's like you're trying to make every race hate you even more.  I will run into this arrogance wherever I go.I'm not done yet.  Keep on reading....My niece had a dollar in her hand and was pointing at the lottery scratcher machine.  We know you have to be of a certain age to play it.  One of the employees there rushes over and in a loud voice tells me niece she can't play it.  Calm down.  Kids are just innocent and don't need this extra verbal abuse in their lives.  Don't you have something better to do like restock the shelves?  Swear... Racial profiling.
3	Good beer selection (well - at least different than your average supermarket). Meat counter has tasty steaks if you are willing to pay the price (which isn't too bad when you want a good, well-marbled  porterhouse). Frozen veggie section includes hard-to-find items like Haricots Vert. Always a bonus! Checkers are friendly and well-trained. They know how to bag correctly. The store is a bit older, so not a lot of the fancy aisles/floors/lighting. In fact, the lighting is done with about a zillion fluorescent bulbs - so it can be a bit bright at night!
4	Nice clean store, friendly people.  The great thing is it doesn't get crowded like Fry's.  I am disappointed they have a wells fargo inside, as I think wells fargo is a garbage bank.
2	Slooooow service in deli.  Cashiers surly. Prices high. Selection limited
4	This is not the most up to date Bashas in the Phoenix area and it seems to be neglected by corporate. However, staff and cashiers are always super friendly and they work hard with what they have to make the store presentable. Its so close to my house that I love coming here. Keep up the good work Bashas employees!
3	Convenient, and a good deal on the sale items.  Not so sold on the standard prices for most of my staples, however, and the aisles could certainly be cleaner.
5	I use the bakery and deli at this store often for food for business meetings and trainings.  The bakery makes great cookie trays, not the type you expect from a chain grocery store.  Their fresh baked fresh daily rolls and buns are the best.  The deli has freshly made fruit and veggie trays that are reasonable priced and nicely done.
4	The people who work there call it the "mother ship" or "flagship" store. There is everything you can think of here including a wine bar! I never even knew  Bashas was headquartered here!!
