5	Great food and awesome atmosphere!  I found this hidden gem while in Vegas for a week and I will be going back before my trip is over.  Get the buffalo chicken pizza, you wont regret it!
1	Food Quality has declined. Not gonna order from them anymore. I ordered  some food and was burned-See pic This not what it used to be. I know I'm not the only person who notice. The people who take the orders did not care about a complaint regarding the quality of food or how to make a particular dish properly. They insisted that what they were serving was correct and I know better! It's Sad no one cares over there. I will not go back.
5	I hope they bring one to san Diego, we orders the pizza king pizza BOMB. we ordered the Creamy pesto fettuccini and the best caprese salad for under ten bucks I've ever had. Delivered with paper plates and condiments in a very timely manner. They Rock
1	If I could give this company zero stars I would awlful customer service I spoke to a woman named Jessica who claims to be the manager who is practically screaming at me for asking why my food wasn't delivered to me do not support this horrible place absolutely disgusting.
2	The food wasn't bad but customer service was....
1	I didnt even get my food!!! I ordered through grubhub and received confirmation that it would be delivered within the hour but the food never came. Then finally after two hours I decided to call to see where the  food was and they put me on hold and nobody came back so I hung up and  I called a second time when someone finally helped me. The lady told me that someone stapled my order ticket to wrong order so they didn't even make the order! The lady did offer to go ahead put it in but I honestly did not want to wait another two hours. I was told a manager couldn't be found but would contact me to fix the situation but no call back.  If a customer is unhappy the manager should at least try to fix situation but instead I kind of felt like they didn't really care.
1	First off, I have ordered from this place several times but today was just not their day! I ordered two sandwiches at 12:14pm and at 1:14pm I called to check the status of my order and was told that they were leaving at that time to deliver my order. I called after an hour and a half and was told that they didn't know where the driver was. Then I called at 2 hours after no food and they said the driver ran out of gas.  We asked for a refund and that was that. Very disappointing because after starving for 2 hours I ended up having to cook anyway. Oh well...I guess another one bites the dust!
