5	A real down to earth coffee house. Great Coffee with great service and a place to meet your neighbors and friends. The new scones are really good and they have plenty of other items to choose from. With free Wi-Fi and plenty of working space it makes it a great place to meet for business or just a place to catch up. Check it out.
5	Just awesome. Free wifi, great coffee, yummy treats and friendly staff. Give them a try and stay a while!
5	The product is great. It's also great to be able to support local coffeehouses versus the huge, giant chains. And, Faye is awesome. She's constantly coming up with great new cold and hot drink options as well as different cafe fare. Definitely check this coffeehouse out!
5	They always have great coffee. Great patio seating. FREE Wi-Fi Love it!
5	Definitely a fan... don't' know why I haven't been here sooner!  Very clean and cozy, lots of table space to spread out (if studying) or meeting with someone.  When I dropped in, I was just there for reading and some caffeine, but the noise level wasn't as much as it seems like in other (cough, cough) places where they blare music and the employees like to throw things around to make it sound like they are doing things.Ordered a 16oz Mint Mocha and it had a very unique flavor.  Definitely will think more about using this place to meet people than the usual (green lettered place).  Shares a parking lot with the Harris Teeter and neighbors so I can see parking being an issue, but shouldn't be a problem for the most part.   At least you don't have to contend with parallel parking around East Blvd or surrounding side streets!
4	I love this Dilworth (there are a few around).  The staff is always very friendly and accommodating.  Plenty of tables and chairs here to gather or enjoy the free wifi.  There is a nice patio area, as well.  Food offerings include muffins and breads (try the cranberry walnut) as well as newer things like oatmeal, breakfast sandwiches and paninis (haven't tried these yet).  Like them on facebook and you can enter a drawing once a week for a small GC, or find out what flavors they will be featuring that day.TIP: Ask for a punch card, and you will get one free drink after 10 punches.
5	Nice little coffee shop with plenty to choose from including my favorite brand of tea. The patio is a great spot to linger over a cup of joe.
5	I have totally Fallin' in Love!Everything about this coffee house is fabulous.  From the patrons to the food&coffee to the "at home" environment.  One of my favorites is the large round booth that I always feel guilty for utilizing but the baristas have assured me that its "Mine".  Remember that when you stop by!  Just kidding.  Also, it's rare that you find a coffee house with so much outside seating.The Wi-Fi is Free and consistent.The paintings and various art pieces give me a feeling of nostalgia since I lived in an artsy neighborhood back in Long Beach.The pastries have gotten me in hot water with my workouts since they are so incredibly decadent!  Especially, that Chocolate Fudge Cake.  The Morning Glory muffin is also a great choice; always fresh and moist (not too sweet).I don't' know all of their names yet, but ALL of the baristas are super friendly!
2	Good coffee, nice staff, but the prices seem to be going up pretty high ($2.40+ for a medium drip coffee). I feel like my days of visiting here are numbered.
3	The coffee has been a little watered down recently, in my opinion; and if I'm going to pay a decent price for drip coffee, I want to have the full coffee flavor. Lots of staff changes...seems to have been a complete overhaul. They are extremely friendly, but seeing so much turnover is never a good sign. This place is so very convenient and it has lots of amenities, however I may soon start to visit less :-/. Great muffins though!!
2	Good coffee, employees were nice, but not somewhere I'd go to sit and drink it.  I went to the patio to do some work on my laptop, and couldn't concentrate with the bad music played too loudly through low quality speakers.For me, it's definitely a takeout, not a hangout.
1	I have been coming to Dilworth in Concord since Robert used to run it.  With the recent management change from Mallory to Ali there has been a significant decline in how the Concord store is being operated and stocked.  The barista staff is wonderful, however not having the staple syrups for days in a row is unacceptable. The manager should understand that people DO NOT want Sugar Free if they are accustomed to regular syrups.  This is not the first time that this location has been out of items recently, which should be kept on stock at all times.  I have personally witnessed multiple people leave due to not having the items on hand thus losing business.  While most like the smaller setting opposed to a Starbucks, if you do not have someone in management that knows how to order, keep stock, and takes the barista concerns seriously YOU will lose people to other coffee houses.  Hopefully someone in upper management will take this complaint seriously and realize the person who is the manager is not managing very well and causing bad reviews not to mention loss of revenue.
