3	Like Todai but better!  Chinese owned buffet with Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and American fare.
4	this has been edited for the visually challenged.haha yeah, todai in the biltmore was a bust.  they began the downhill slide when they gave out birthday "vouchers"......good for the NEXT visit.  little did they realize is that most people who came in to eat free on their birthdays usually brought in a boat load of friends, relatives and other full paying customers that would not have probably come in at all (lemme see, 1 free loader, and 10 full paying customers x $25 ea?) duh, lemme get a calculator (for you post ti-55 borners) too bad they fell asleep in that boring marketing 101 class eh?back to PSFB, not a bad place to go on a weekday and get all you can eat sushi for about $10.  yeah, it ain't RA, sakana or beni but it will suffice.  we like the fact that you can have a party of like 20 family and friends and there's no haggling over what to order, glaring at the late comers, or having to eat someone elses "favorite" dish.  (i hope my family doesn't read this).  back in the day, we used to have to drive 400 mi to todai in LA, then 15 mi to the biltmore, and now all we have to do is walk a mile to NW corner of elliot and AZ av. to what used to be the long time iconic eatery, bill johnsons.  i miss the sawdust floors but i soon forget as i'm eating my 24th piece of sushi, 8th rack of korean short ribs and 4th bowl of green tea ice cream.  and as i recall the only thing i learned in econ 101, there is the much welcomed east valley competition just 2 miles west and 1 mile south (hint: it's on the NE corner sharing a parking lot with MCD's, lee lee, and caddy-corner to that dimslum place)ok kinda sewer
4	A great place for you to bring out of towners who have an appetite.  This place  does passable conveyor line sushi.  Handrolls, spicy tuny rolls, salmon skin rolls, mackerel, tuna, salmon, tako (octopus).In the mood for Mongolian barbecue.  THey have it at the back wall.  Chinese pork chashiu.  Korean barbecue.  Roast beef.  Broccoli and beef fan?  Its there.  Shrimp salt grilled style? Present and accounted for.  Taiwan style chow mei fun (rice noodles) ? Present.  Frog legs?  yep and very tasty.  Dim sum?  yep but its buns, phoenix claws, and sui mai and pineapple rice.  Lots of crab claws and legs, too.  And it all tastes good to decent.  Drinks available and there is even a small bar.  Flat screens play sports or whatever movie of the moment.  The waiters and waitresses are attentive and cheerful.  A good decent place.
2	Seafood is not that fresh and the customers there are rude. People werre staying on the line or cutting line for crab legs??!! Looks like they've never seen crab legs in their lives before....The only plus thing is the sushi. I guess it is considered above average in a buffet restaurant around here. Of course Todai (the chain Japanese seafood buffet restaurant) is way better but it does not have any branch in Phoenix at all.You don't have to go to this place for crab legs because other buffet restaurants serve crab legs too....
4	It's a great buffet. If your not sure of what you want for lunch or dinner, this is the place to try out. Sushi, Mongolian grilling, Chinese, it's even got chicken wings.  I love it and will keep going back. Lunch is good at either 11AM or 1PM and dinner is good at 5-6PM if you like to avoid crowds. Haven't been there on a weekend yet.
4	This place stinks of fish, which is something I always like to mention for those who have a strong sense of smell, like I do.  Beyond that, I love it here!  On weekends, it's impossible to find a time that isn't ridiculously packed and busy.  Yesterday (Sunday), they actually ran out of ice for drinks for a brief period!!  I really enjoy the sushi here and could just eat that all night.  There is a nice assortment of Chinese food items, Mongolian-style barbecue and seafood delights, like crab legs and frog legs.  The desserts are great; the best is the variety of ice creams!  The service was fine for a buffet.  The table was kept clean and the drinks kept full.  I've brought many special guests here.  $41 for three people to eat an enormous Sunday dinner with drinks... not bad at all!  If they could do something to counteract that terrible fishy smell, I'd give this place 5 stars.  ;)  They also offer take-out prices by the pound!
4	If you like Chinese/Asian buffets, then Pacific is king. I used to love Chinese buffets. For around $5-$7, you can eat all you want of fried rice, sweet and sour pork, crab puffs, barbecue pork...french fries, and pizza. Hah. It always amused me you that you can get french fries along side fried rice.I don't like Chinese buffets quite as much anymore, as I prefer a freshly prepared dish not steam table scrappings, but Pacific has much improved on the Chinese buffets of yore. Sushi bar (made by some what authentic sushi chefs, atleast you can see them make it in person and the chefs look like they come somewhere from Asai if not Japan), Mongolian bbq, dim sum, and seafood. However, anyone trying to get the dinner foods for lunch prices by waiting until dinner starts will be notified in person by a helpful server that an additional charge will be added if they see anything remotely that looks like a sea cockroach on your plate. Ugh. Thanks for making my meal experience awkward. Despite that, the selection is great, food is reasonably fresh and hot, and the service is generally good for asian buffets. When I'm in the mood for lots of random asian grub without a wait, I know where to go.
3	They have quite a selection of dishes here.  Decent for a buffet.  Actually, one of the better 'Chinese' food buffets.  If you ever go during prime-time there's always a line waiting for the snow crab legs & throngs of Asians.  I really like their steamed clams, but I like most clams.  The sushi........ neh.  It's alrite, but if that's what u're goin for, go somewhere else!
3	This a basically a Chinese buffet with sushi and a bit more seafood choices than your typical buffet. It is good for a buffet. I was expecting a little higher end seafood selection, which it wasn't but it still was good. If you like Chinese buffets, you will like this place. It is kinda smelly though and the workers are kind of intense.
2	Dissapointing. I made the trip out to Pacific Seafood Buffet for crablegs on the recommendation of some other Yelpers and was really let down. The seafood selection was mostly fried or drenched in butter- even things i had never seen cooked that way at all like the crawfish. One type of crab was deep fried (which does not do justice to crab- just turns the meat into sawdust!)  When the steamed snow crab legs finally came out, they doled out just a few which the other patrons descended on and exhausted immediately. The boiled crab legs were not fresh- the crab meat was mushy and the shells would not break in half easily because they had been steamed for too long.The upside: some decent surprises in the dim sum and korean barbecue section- good dumplings and spare ribs. The frog legs and pineapple sticky rice were also tasty. Skip the sushi bar though.This place is ok as an asian buffet but disappoints for seafood. If you don't live close skip the long drive.
4	This is my favorite buffet in Az and I have tried ALOT of them. The sushi is the best I have found at a buffet and I love the seared tuna. Korean BBQ, grilled sardines,chicken feet, frog legs, clams, shrimp, crab, and lots of chinese food.  This place is always really busy which is good at a buffet as it keeps everything fresh.
4	Anytime I want to go to a Chinese buffet, I go to Pacific. The sushi is good as far as buffet sushi goes. It's not as good as you would get at an actual sushi restaurant, but it's pretty decent. They have a good variety of food. My absolute favorite thing there is the short ribs. They are delicious! They have a good variety of ice cream as well! All in all, a pretty good Chinese buffet!
1	If you are looking for a good buffet with a nice atmosphere this is NOT the place to go.  These are the top 3 reasons why I won't be returning to Pacific Seafood Buffet anytime in the near future.1. Crab Legs - The so called "all-you-can-eat" crab legs are a joke.  What this really means is about every 15-20 minutes one small container of crab legs is brought out wherein people come and literally fight you for them.  If you are not one of the first 3 people there when they come out, chances of you getting any are slim to none.  Also, the ones I were able to get were really overcooked and instead of the shells snapping apart they just sort of tore apart.2. Ambiance - I could not believe how chaotic the atmosphere was there and felt like I was at Chuck E. Cheese instead of a restaurant. Granted it was a buffet but many of the kids were running into customers as well as staff making it a really unsafe environment.  There was one table of kids playing a spirited round of Simon Says while another group of about 7 kids were literally running around the restaurant playing Hide and Seek. 3.  Service - I could not find any crab crackers so I asked one of ladies setting out food for one.  The only response I got was "NO".  I then asked if that meant there were no crackers at all or none right now and again got "NO".  I then asked what "NO" meant and again got just "NO".  I am still not sure if there were not any crackers left, if she didn't want to give me a cracker or she just didn't understand my question. Either way I thought this was a really rude response.One good note is that our waitress was attentive and we always had our plates cleared and drinks refilled. Even so I was very disappointed overall and will not be going there again.
1	Now I know a one star rating is harsh, and I'm sure this place has seen its good days and I am sure that I will offend and anger many people with my review but hey this is Yelp! OK I'm sure this place in it's glory days was a great buffet, especially for the area that it is in and the old run down building it stands in. Those days my friends are far gone, or from at least what I saw and tasted today. The place was not busy at all and there should not have been any reason for it to have been this messy. There were tables that were dirty and uncleaned for the majority of the time I was there. There was no place settings or silverware on any tables nor were there any at the buffet. I felt as if I were Indian Jones searching out my fork to eat. I had to fight my way through an army of random chairs that have lost their way from their tables and jump over the food that was dropped on the floor. As I explored the buffet, I saw numerous empty dishes, a invisible buffet or a special one for those of us who are watching our weight. The sea of low quality seafood smothered in batter and fried or swimming in butter and drying out in the lamps. It was with this a great reminder of how horrible buffets can be. Even when the empty dishes were filled and another go around was done still nothing great to report back to the mother ship. The hype from all the people who talk about this place makes it so much more worst since we are expecting so much more. A huge let down and sad ending to what was once a great buffet or from what I been told. Think this ship has sailed and there is no need to look back.
3	If you're hungry, you love seafood and chinese food, and you have $14 bucks in your pocket, this is the place for you.They have a nice variety of seafood, and they seem to restock it quickly. Everyone always complains about the crablegs being gone. It takes a while to cook them (correctly) and yes, they are popular. Go on a not so busy day, and you'll find plenty of them. The food is prepared very well, always seems fresh. Their sushi is ok. Not the best, but definitely not the worst. They have line 7 different buffet tables filled with a lot of good food, and even food your kids will like. The atmosphere  isn't horrible, but when it's busy, you can tell. I have gotten sat at a dirty table a few times. Ask them politely to wipe it and they will. All in all, I reccomend this place.
3	Pretty good buffet for Arizona.  Decent selection of cooked chinese, sushi, mogolian bbq, soups, seafood, yada, yada, yada.  I got there at 5 pm so it was relatively empty, but it was packed by the time I left at 6.  Since it seems to draw a large crowd, there's good turn-around on the food items and they seem to replenish them frequently.  I did see one fly on one of the food dishes that kinda irked me out, but that's the only one I saw.My only real gripe about this place has to deal with a small portion of the customers and not the restaurant.  On more than one trip up to the buffet, I saw adults, yes adults, grab food from the food trays with their bare hands!  Are you people such friggin savages that you can't make the extra effort and grab the friggin tongs that are right there in front of you.  Using your bare hands???  Are you f***in kiddin me???  Seeing that kinda ruined it for me and also prevented me from eating those particular dishes as well.    Of course, that's not the restaurant's fault...but it is still disturbing nonetheless.
5	OMG, just when you think you've seen it all, you stumble onto a place like this!  To start with, this beautiful restaurant has the largest selection of buffet food that I've ever seen offered outside a casino.  There were around 150 main items, including everything from Fish Ball Soup to Roast Duck, just an incredible array of Chinese, Japanese & American food, & every bite of it 5-Stars!  There was Mongolian Barbecue, terrific sushi (being freshly made as people were grabbing it up), lots of other seafood, lots of beef, lots of veggie...  everything you can think of; even a full bar, & great service too.  You want this!Lunch Buffet $8.38/$7.54 Sr.======================================================5/3/10 Update:  Dropped back in here for lunch today with Mike C.  Again, it was incredibly good, & it's my favorite Chinese buffet of all the 70-some that I've reviewed here!   :-))
4	A big "thank you" to Rand H. for being so diligent about reviewing buffets in the area.  I was anxious to try this restaurant, so I stopped in for lunch the other day.  It has an extremely nice atmosphere, more upscale than your average chinese buffet and seemed very clean.  The food selection is certainly impressive and I wasn't sure where to begin.I started off with several salads including cucumber/tomato/onion, seaweed, calamari, edamame and peel and eat shrimp.  Everything tasted extremely fresh and delicious.  My next go round included miso soup (perfect), fried calmari, several different types of sushi (excellent), szechwan eggplant, stir fried chinese veggies and spicy tofu with mushrooms and peas.  Again, everything was very good.  I wanted to keep eating, but I was determined to exercise discipline.  I was really too full, even for dessert where I observed a variety of ice creams (scoop your own from the cartons).  Overall, it was a great dining experience and the service was top notch.  With tax and tip it was $11.00 for lunch.  I hate to sound cheap (which I am) but this felt like a couple dollars more than it should have been.  I, personally did not need so many selections since I tend to avoid the regular greasy chinese entrees (orange/sesame chicken, sweet & sour pork etc.).  I would, however, like to try it for dinner in order to sample some more seafood selections
4	If you like sea food, this is a good place to satisfy your appetite and even add new flavors to your list like frog legs. We had the fortune to have an awesome waitress and enjoyed our meal.The place looks clean, and you have many different choices to keep trying next time.!
4	Been here on numerous occasions (both lunch & dinner) and have never been disappointed.  There is a wider selection at dinner...but the lunch price is almost 1/2 that of dinner and the selection is still huge.Every time we come here...I swear to try something at every station...but there are just too many.  You do feel like you're at a Vegas casino buffet or on a cruise.  Some of the items are really good while others are mediocre...but for the value & selection, everyone is bound to find a boatload of things they'll like.This is a good place to go when you're 1) super hungry and can eat a cow, 2) like having a large selection to chose from, or 3) w/a group that can't decide to do Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Mongolian or Vietnamese.  This place has it all and something for everyone!
5	I cant believe this place is just averaging 3 and a half stars. To start with it is my new favorite chinese buffet in the valley..It just topped my number one choice which was Jen buffet (another great buffet).The food here is just as good as Jen but i think the BBQ section  threw them over the top. From roast duck to breakfast sausage on a stick every thing is very taste.This restaurant is beautiful and well laid out. The food choices are so many you would never be able to try them all( But i enjoyed trying).They also have Mongolian BBQ,fresh sushi,4 different soups and 8 different hard ice cream choices.This place rocks and should never get less than 5 stars.So if your on the hunt for a good chinese buffet i would strongly recommend pacific seafood buffet.
5	Okay now, im not a huge Buffet fan, but this place is bloody brilliant, they have delicious amazing crab legs and a huge!! selection of different ethnic foods, such as "frog legs" "sticky rice in pineapple" amzing fresh sushi bar were the chef is right in the middle cutting and slicing up the fish.  The service was okay, but the food definitely makes up for it.  because of the high valume of guests going in and out of that place, the food is always fresh and replaced right away.Its a big up from me and definitely go back there anytime.
5	I've been going to "Pac Sea" (that's what the cool kids call it...not really) for a long time, and even though it's quite a trek to go there from Glendale it's always been well worth the trip.There is such a wide variety to choose from, and the food is always fresh. The short ribs are really good and they make the best cheese wontons I've ever had so far... Also, the staff is really nice too - I've never had bad service the numerous times I've been there. I wish I lived closer!
5	Pacific Sea Food Buffet is hands down the best buffet in the Phoenix area.  If you like Chinese food and you like seafood then there is no need to read any further.  Just get in your car and drive over to experience the deliciousness for yourself.  They have the biggest crab legs, and you usually have to wait in line to get them.  I was impatient while waiting for more crab legs, i tried the craw-fish.  I discovered I liked them even more than the crab legs.  they are well seasoned and full of flavor.  To eat them simply break them in half then suck the head & pinch the tail.Pacific Sea Food's sushi is very good too.  While its not as good as a high end sushi restaurant, they have a very good selection and for a buffet it is fantastic.  They have a lot of seafood to choose from: baked salmon, grilled mackerel, steamed fish, szechuan fish, salt and peppered shrimp on a stick, fresh shucked oysters, steamed clams, fish balls.  They also do the Mongolian barbecue and have Korean barbecue too.  Be sure to try the grilled asparagus, frog legs, roasted duck and snails.  (the snails are huge)I can't think of any complaints about Pacific Sea Food buffet other than I wish it was closer to my house :)
3	This seems like a mix bag. Some of the food was good, while some didn't seem very fresh.
4	Pretty clean for a chinese buffet and so many selections :DLots of selections to make and they have a make your own mongolian bbq style stir fry place.Sushi and Sashimi is really good (Though I had to keep sniping for the tuna rolls they always get taken first)I liked the veggies at this place better then meats as the veggies always seemed tasty and fresh but the meats sometimes tasted chewy. The stink berry soup is really good too (litchi/gingko soup?)Overall a good place and well worth it. Oh yeah people also fight over the king crab legs..... I dunno why I guess some people have to get the crabs money worth.
4	I think this place is pretty good.  I like the selection they have for dinner on the weekends.The prices are pretty steep though.I'd go here again if I come across some extra dough.
4	I typically despise buffets of any sort, but this one is certainly an exception. I've eaten here several times over the past 3 years, and it's always good, and it just seems to keep getting better.. Today was stellar! The sushi and sashimi are always very well prepared, served nice, and cold, and are very fresh. I am have a compromised immune system, and do not fear any of their seafood offerings, right down to raw oysters! Their regular asian dishes are done well too, but my advice, is skip the noodles, and the sweet and sour chicken, and load up on the great seafood delights offered here.  Also, their staff is always on top of things, no matter how busy things get..
4	The good:  Unlimited seafood for 14 bucks.  This includes sushi and crab legs.The bad:  Okay, it isn't bad, per se, but most of the food tastes like buffet food.  It is generally good, but after trying a little of most everything they had to offer, nothing stands out as something I just have to have more of.  They do an excellent job at serving tons of good seafood to tons of people.  The sushi was good, not great, but for the money, it was a really nice addition to the menu.  Also, see below...The funny:  Well, it wasn't funny at the time...but it made for some interesting people watching...  I'm not sure if they have crab legs every night, but the night I went they did.  They were very busy that night, and crab legs were obviously the main thing people came in for.  It seemed like they rationed the crab legs by bringing them in in 10-15 minute intervals, so for much of the visit, the section of the buffet where they served them would be empty.  As soon as the employees would bring out the next load of them, people descended on them like famished scavengers.  One time, I was fortuitous enough to be at the right place at the right time when they came out, and there was only one man between me and a few crab legs.  I patiently waited while he filled his plate with as many as he could carry back.  I stepped forward and all of a sudden a little girl, about eight, stepped in front of me and grabbed the tongs and said "Can I have one?"  I said sure (as any other respectable man in the presence of a cute eight year old with cute dreadlocks would do, right?), and I let her ahead.  About 30 seconds later, her plate was filled higher than the man before me--and between her and the other side (you can access the crab legs from two sides of the buffet, nearly entire stock had been taken.  I did get a few of the small leftovers that were somehow left, and retreated to my seat.As I sat down, I saw two women in a nearby booth...each of which probably had their own gravitational pull.  Their entire table was filled with plates of crab legs and the sad aftermath of the crab carnage that had taken place in the preceding moments.  As it turns out, there were three different tables of people who were all together, probably 15 people in all.  The little girl I so graciously let in front of me belonged to one of them, as did the ladies.  All three tables had massive amounts of crab legs, even the table with only young kids...who in reality probably had no real hope of enjoying them because they had no adult supervision...and no obvious way to open them.After watching for a few minutes, I realized that the two planets, I mean, ladies, never got up.  Instead, I saw that each of the kids at the various tables was taking shifts to get to the crab legs as they were brought out from the back.  Each kid would go up and collect as many as he or she could and bring it back to be divvied up amongst the tables.  Sometimes two kids would each attack a side of the buffet, leaving little or nothing for the remainder of us.The little girl was no little girl at all, she was but a mere sattelite charged with collecting all the crab legs she could to satiate the hunger of the mothership.That's a long story to tell you that while the allure of crab legs is a strong one, be prepared to fight, stalk, and trick your way into getting your share of them.  Personally, while they are good, I'd rather go somewhere that charges a few more bucks but doesn't ration the product--allowing an impolite galaxy of scavengers to ruin it for everyone else.  Still four stars for it because as an overall the place was impressive, but maybe they could figure some way around this problem by having a server bring the crab legs to each individual table as needed on a more even basis.
4	I finally got to visit Pacific Seafood Buffet after hearing positive things about it.  Went on a Sunday around 1pm and it wasn't super crowded.  More folks started pouring in closer to 3pm.Pros: Tons of food to choose from - fresh sushi, Mongolian grill, crab legs, shrimp, asian and american choices etc etc.Choices for adventurous eaters - frog legs, 5 spice chicken feet, snailsFriendly wait staffNice family atmosphereClean placeFast turn around on getting new food outThe octopus wasn't rubberyCons: A bit of a drive from where I liveThey should expand their dining area to fit more peopleAdd some steamed pork buns along with the bean and taro ones please!I wish I had a bigger stomach.  I feel like I didn't get to try everything they have to offer.  Will definitely eat here again.
5	Ok so I been here twice in one week already and I'm addicted.  And no, they do not use MSG!  I don't care if I have to do another hour of cardio as long as I can get my buffet fix.
4	I love this buffet. I have been to other Chinese buffets and the food always taste very bland. This place has the most delicious tasting food. I load my plate down with lots of food and even though its all in one pile each dish has its own unique flavor and taste which I have never experienced at any other buffet. I also love coming here for the sushi. Come on all you can eat sushi for 10 bucks during the week where else can you get that. This is the only buffet I will go to now and I have been to lots of buffets in the valley before and this one hands down is the best by far. Also the fact that they have real Good Humor ice cream at the dessert table says that they are all about quality and they wouldn't dare serve nasty soft serve watered down ice milk ewww.
4	Whatever you want they have it.  All of the asian food that you can think of.  Fresh sushi, and mongolian bbq too if you are in the mood.  On the weekends they also have crab legs.  This place is well worth the price and wait (if there is one).
2	07/08/102.5 stars.  Why not round up to 3?  'Cause I wouldn't go back for dinner.  You might be able to pay me to try their lunch buffet here, but what items I I had for dinner tonight didn't wow me enough to want to return.  Indeed, the course I liked best was dessert!  And I'm at the point in my life now that if I'm going to splurge on anything, then it must be high-quality.Our "feast" included crablegs (too skinny and cold); frog legs (too greasy and soggy); gyoza/pan-fried pork dumplings (wrapper was perfect in its thin-ness, but flavor-wise, not memorable); eggrolls (took one bite, thought it stale and greasy in flavor, and moved on); sashimi (most pieces were either too tough or still-frozen!); sesame-crusted ahi-tuna (overpowering fishy taste!); crab-stuffed, then baked oysters (delightful in its glorious saturated-fat goodness, and my fave out of the mains!); and clams (too gritty).  Most of the desserts were good, and my faves were the green tea ice cream and mung bean buns, especially those that were sesame-encrusted!  If the seafood could've been just a little bit fresher and a little less fishy, and the fried items a little less greasy, then maybe dinner wouldn't have been so disappointing.  With so many dining options out there, I see no reason to return.Well, maybe for a scoop of green tea ice cream!
4	For the price, pretty damn good!
5	So far, I tried many chinese buffet and I always going back to this place. The seafood always better than other restaurant, the taste always great! The sushi always great everytime I went back there! The oyster..awsome!!!! Highly recommended!!!
3	I went here for dinner on Christmas Day with five Korean friends :)It was decently busy but the buffet stayed well-stocked as far as I could tell.  There were some big slabs of meat on the buffet with HUGE knives that you were supposed to cut yourself a piece with, but the knives was literally maybe 1.5 feet long...  that was a little funny to me, but maybe it is normal.  Sometimes we had lots of empty plates on our table that we had to stack up and put on the edge to get the waiters to take them.But I was full and satisfied when I left.
2	I've had better than this place. Yes it had unlimited sushi and other seafood, but the rest of the food was not bad but not good. I found that the only "highlight" was the dessert selection. I really wouldn't go back unless someone else paid.
5	This is a very good and busy buffet.  Food tastes quite fresh and quite good.  Big selection and some good stuff - more when the price goes up, nights and weekends, but good all the time.  Sushi - which I'm usually afraid to try at Chinese buffets - is good and plentiful.
4	I went here today with a buddy of mine for lunch and it was definitely a very good meal. Overall quality was pretty damn good. The thing I loved the best about this place was that they have duck on the buffet line!! I have never seen this before and I love duck!! The sushi was OK, nothing spectacular, but I didn't expect anything less for buffet sushi. Would I go back? Yeah, I would go back.
3	let me break it down for ya...PRICE: $14 all you can stuff your face extravaganza- *thumbs up*SERVICE:: Its a buffet, do not expect much more than drink refills-FOOD::  sushi bar with them making fresh stuff on spot which is pretty cool. a whole meat section- wide selection and pretty tasty also- you got your norms, soups won ton, egg drop etc, salads, fruit, lo mein, orange chicken, shrimp..Chicken wings..beef and broccoli..etc.. etc your normal Chinese food really. They do have crab it is cold, but you get piping hot butter which makes it better.DESSERTS:: everything besides the "chinese donuts" as i like to call them i think are store bought to be honest but it's cool. they also have about 8 types of ice cream as well.QUALITY: :If you go to a buffet i don't really think you have bitchin' rights because you get what you pay for. Yes somethings taste like they have been sittin out to long, some things run out, some are shitty and some are good..Buffets are usually a gamble. If you're hungry though it gets the job done. VERDICT::Good for a quick fix dinner night or for your stoner munchies( i mean you can get crab, orange chicken french fries and carrot cake all in one environment). Of course we prob all agree going to an actual Chinese, Asian ect restaurant is better but  this place does the job if your wanting to get your Chinese grub on at a cheap price..
3	Very extensive and diverse amount of seafood here, but come here knowing what is good to get and what to avoid.  They do have a lot of higher priced items such as raw oysters, crawfish, crab legs, and snails, BUT, if you value the health of your stomach, I would highly stay away from the oysters.  They looked fresh enough, and were very large with plump oyster meat.  But as soon as I took a bite, I regretted the very instant I decided to put the oyster on my plate.  It tasted like it came from one of the scummy ponds you might find in a lake community, and there were chunks of sand in every chew.  The snails were simply boiled, and had more chewy sensation than flavor.  I like the sashimi bar, but the mackerel were more vinegary than in an average sushi type place, and some of the salmon pieces they had just brought out were still frozen, so it was like eating a salmon Popsicle.  The hot foods were generally pretty good, such as the steamed flounder.  I do like the fact that you can get a plethora of hot foods, stir fry, sushi, tempura, soup, dim sum, and desserts all in one place, but just be aware of things not to eat.
5	With tomorrow being the year anniversary of my last update of Pacific here, it was time to "get 'er done", as Ed Shultz would say!  So I got together with Robyn N., we stormed the place for lunch today, & I'm happy to report that this is still one of the very best Buffets in Arizona!After a chat with our attentive, super friendly server, I started with some of their wonderful Clam Chowder, which they make from scratch, with clams right out of the shell, not a can.  That was one of SEVEN soups to choose from today, among the 162 food items out, not counting dressings & sauces.After some salad & just-made Sushi, it was on to the Roast Duck, Mongolian BBQ with a variety of meats including SCALLOPS, & so on.  I don't think any Asian Buffet in AZ can match this place, except Crazy Buffet & SOMETIMES the Pacific Seafood over in Glendale.  The quality, quantity, & variety of the food over there is similar, but attention to detail* been hit & miss for me during my 5 visits to that one.THIS Pacific Seafood Buffet here has had 6 years to get all of their Peking Ducks in a row, & they don't make any of those mistakes.  I've also been to this one 5 times, & I've always gotten consistently very friendly treatment, such an array of terrific food to choose from that it's just amazing!     :-))Lunch Buffet $8.88/$8.00 Sr.PS:  Chinese Buffets never have a full bar, but this one does!===============================================*  Examples:  Not having all the food out at opening time, cake that should be served at room temperature put out frozen, & having the ice cream temperature set so low that it's very hard to scoop out.
1	Update 5/8/11:  I got sick from the raw oysters.  I thought they tasted weird, but they looked pretty.  Duh.  That's the last time I ever eat any raw seafood at a buffet.
4	There are so many Chinese Buffet restaurants in town, they all come and go, keep changing owners, etc. This place is the only Chinese buffet restaurant that got better and better over time. They do have large selections of tasty food and not boring like other Chinese buffet restaurants. Overall quality is good and they do keep it up.Do stay away from the raw oysters, just too risky. They don't have the best sushi but fairly decent as far as buffet place goes.Prices have gone up and its not cheap.Overall, I do vote this place "Best of Chinese Buffet Restaurant" in town.
4	Much better experience this time now that I know which foods I should stay clear of.  They had a lot of fresh fish out in the hot buffet lines such as sole and flounder, and our server was very attentive and friendly.  Good selection of seafood in general, and while some of the sashimi still isn't totally thawed out, I suppose if you wait long enough for it to thaw on your plate it will taste OK.
1	My husband and I have been here twice. The 1st time, it was a nice experience, not too busy, we were greeted right away, server was attentive. The food here is a better quality buffet and they have an huge variety of different foods that normally aren't seen in other Chinese buffets.  (You have to be willing to try some really different things). The 2nd time we came here, it was AWFUL from the start. It was busy but I wouldn't say slammed. We came in and I saw two gals by the cash register. I said hello and we waited, waited, waited for them to even LOOK UP at us. After a few MINUTES of us STARING at them they finally looked at us and then continued to ignore us. I was shocked at how they were blatantly ignoring us. Finally a 3rd girl came over and FINALLY seated us. We ended up with two very confused servers who couldn't figure out whose table it was. Like the time before, the food was very good, same exotic variety. When we were finished with our meal, our server took our credit card and we waited, waited, waited. After about 15 minutes of waiting for my credit card to come back to me, I got nervous and went up the cash register. As I walked up, there was my credit card-on the counter, face up, with all the numbers very clearly visible & displayed to whoever walked by it along with several other people's cards that were spread out on the counter-right next to the pathway to the door. There were 3 servers at the register, all of whom were at least 8 feet away from the cards with their backs to it while they chatted. Who knows how long any of those cards had been there. I was so furious when I saw this. I demanded to know why my credit card was sitting on the counter in the open, face up with no one even WATCHING to make sure it wasn't stolen. They had no explanation and simply spit out some lame "I'm sorry" to me. I don't care how awesome the food is, bad service is bad service. One should be able to hand a credit card to the server to pay for their meal w/o worrying about the numbers or even the card itself being stolen. I choose to take my dollars as far away as possible from this place.
4	This place is my number one choice of buffet restaurant in Arizona. It has numerous of choices from different variety of sushi until BBQ, main courses until dessert. My fav items is always the unlimited crab legs that they always refill and green tea ice cream! Yum! What makes it different than others buffet restaurant in the valley is they always keep the taste of the food. It's always the same taste and actually getting better through out the years and the quality of the food is always good. They never keep the dry food out and always refill it fast. So far, this place is always in my most visit for buffet restaurant in town.
5	This place is NOT okay for me...I have gained serious pounds eating here.I am that person that stakes out the sushi bar and crab legs like a fiend.  Yeah, I'm that girl.  The sushi is okay for a buffet, but the sashimi is awesome.  Really.  And the crab legs are always really good, if you can get there before the hoarders move in.I avoid the fried foods and typical buffet fare just so I can fill up on the good stuff. :)  But there is definitely something for everyone here.Go for lunch!  Dinner is expensive and that makes me sad.
1	This is not a seafood restaurant but rather a marginal Chinese buffet with some low grade sushi mixed in.  Not sure how they get away with calling themselves a seafood buffet.  I've had better, fresher seafood at Long John Silvers if that tells you anything.  Ridiculous prices for a Chinese buffet too.  A few hours after visiting this establishment I found myself needing to spend an extended period in my bathroom, probably the sushi...
5	This is the best Chinese buffet! I had a chance to visit Tempe last year and my friend brought me to this place and I've since then wanting to go back. You'll never find better deal around this area. I went for their dinner and it costs about $17 with tax. Fresh palm sized oyster (seasonal), sashimis, snow crab legs, roasted duck and many more. Great varieties without compromising quality. Will DEFINITELY go back again the next time I went down to Tempe or felt the need to gain some pounds!
5	Come here all the time for their unlimited sushi buffet and crab legs! This is my favorite place in the valley for buffet as they always keep great taste of the food. It never changed since 4 years ago when I first ate at this place. Loving the management!
4	We went with friends again on Friday night, 7/15.  Once again, the food was good and plentiful.  Pretty much the same things as they always have, but we especially like the deep friend, sweet-sour rock fish.  We also like the kalbi and fried Maryland crabs.  Of course they have many, many other good things on the menu, but these are our favorites.  They used to have an item that had shiitake mushrooms, bamboo shoots, fried tofu, and some veggies in a rich sauce, but they took that off the menu -- probably because only a few people (like me) liked it.  Prices are now a little higher, like about $18 for the weekend dinner, but the senior price is $15.88.  Still a good deal if you are a big eater like our family members.  Just thought I would post this update for others to read.
5	Most of the dishes is of asian origin and excellent.  Lots of shrimp dishes.  The sushi bar selection is basic, but good for a buffet.   Grilled dishes such korean kal-bi and asparagus brings something a little different. Lunches are really good deal.  Dinner adds additional dishes such as snow crab legs, frog legs, snails and sashimi along with a higher price.Staff is good with some of the wait staff working there for years.
5	One of the best buffet in AZ so far.
5	I have been here a few times. It is really a seafood lover's paradise! I have filled up on the crab legs, mussels, shrimp, various fish, sushi..just YUM! The wait staff is super nice! They have a lot of different items to choose from. I was super excited to try all the different kinds of dishes. I even tried escargot. Which I can say I had the opportunity to try it. Not a fan, but I ate it! People load up on the crab legs, crawfish, and escargot so be prepared to bump elbows with some patrons! They don't mess around! Haha. The dinner price is to be expected. It's around $17. And for all-you-can-eat seafood, I think that's a bargain! The atmosphere is pleasant. They have one of the better dessert bars I've seen and I do appreciate the hand-dipped flavors of ice cream. I am a big fan of this place and I know I'll be back!
4	This is your typical pan-asian/seafood all-you-can-buffet. They have chinese dishes (Orange chicken...stir-fried green beans...mongolian beef  and korean dishes like Kalbi and bbq ribs.) They offer crab legs which is a huge customer favorite, people wait for a fresh batch around the food aisle. They also have sushi & sashimi options. Personally, I'm not a huge sushi person but they have california rolls and other varieties that are fairly good. There's definitely a little for everyone. They have a mini-hibachi grill where you can pick your ingredients and have someone stir-fry it. They have a wide dessert selection but most look better than they taste. Most of their cakes look store bought but for most part, you're too full to eat dessert. It's a fairly large space, good for big groups. Dinner prices on a weekend are around $16.99 which is pretty cheap for a buffet.
4	Just an update.  My kids and their families all came for Thanksgiving so on Friday, I took them all here for dinner since most of them like this place.  Nothing significant to report on regarding changes, but there were a few changes that were noticed.  On that night, they did not have the deep fried, sweet/sour rock fish and I was disappointed since I love that dish.  They also did not have the steamed flounder with oil, ginger, and green onions -- another disappointment for me.  But they did have larger more succulent oysters on the half shell which were pretty good.  One comment and perhaps a suggestion for this establishment -- as one of the more westernized dishes, they have roast beef.  This dish is very bad since they use a bad cut of meat and they roast it until it is dried up and shriveled like an old boot.  They would be better office just cutting the beef up and braising the meat in some kind of tomato based sauce or even some Asian ginger/soy sauce.  This way the meat will be tender and juicy (with the sauce).  Oh yeah, they also had grilled "monka ika" on the grilled foods counter.  Monka ika is the larger cuttle fish and it was very tender and a great addition to the menu.  This surprised me since monka ika is expensive due to its size and its tender meat even though the species is very larger -- it was very good.
4	i live at arizona,and  like this buffet,because i love sea food.i always bring some slice garlic from my house, and  can eating anything,and not worry about my colesterol an blood sugar.crab, clam, snail, crawfish,frog ,fish,asian food,dimsum,peking duck,mongolian grill ,korean grill.pizza,american food too.and more item.they have sushi bar and tempura.i love sashimi sushi and raw oyster.they have 8 item ice cream, i love green tea and mint chocolate.and some fruit and salad.and cookies and cake.i like caramel jello with milk/coconut.yummy.if come weekend for dinner, please come early,long online.price $ 17.95 weekend for dinner.they have special room for party too.i recommend this place for seafood buffet.
1	Bad seafood, bland flavors and food drenched in oil.  A couple years ago this was the go-to place for great Chinese food, and as much crab legs as you could fit into your stomach.We went on a weekday, where possibly the dishes had been sitting since lunch.  Staff was attentive and helpful.
1	This place is to expensive and the food was just mediocre. Wasn't impressed I should have saved my gas and $$ that I spent just to go out there on something better .
4	My husband and I decided to give buffets another chance and we chose Pacific Seafood Buffet.  This place is insane!  I think it's the best buffet I've ever been to.  We've gone twice now, once for dinner and once for lunch.  I think dinner is around $16 and lunch is around $9.  They only change a few menu items between lunch and dinner.  With dinner they offer frog legs, crab legs, crawfish, and sashimi.  If you're like me and aren't really interested in these items you're much better off going for lunch.  The only item I really love off the dinner buffet is the seared tuna, it's divine, and besides that I'm not a huge fan of eating shellfish at buffets.Their selection is wonderful.  They have all the classic Chinese dishes you'd expect at buffet but then so much more.  The sushi is amazing.  It's not what you'd expect to get a buffet.  They also have tempura which I absolutely love.  The barbeque area is very unique, I'd never seen that a buffet before.  They offer a bunch of different kinds of grilled meat and fish and grilled veggies like asparagus and corn.  The dim sum area is very nice and everything I've tried there has been delicious!  If you're a vegetarian you're not stuck with one or two dishes either, they have a decent meat free selection.  They also have a Mongolian barbeque set up.  I've never tried it but all the meat and veggies look fresh.   They also have a few dishes for more adventurous eaters; they have 2 chicken feet dishes and one with tripe.  The best part is their soup area.  I've never found a Chinese buffet that actually has good soup before but the soups at Pacific Seafood are all awesome!
5	This is the best buffet I've ever been to in Arizona.LOADS of different and rare seafood items including welk, which is pretty flavorless and takes on whatever sauce you decide to have with it. I recommend you dab several different ones on the side of your plate and experiment.So much to describe, and there are also a lot of standard Asian buffet items.There's also a sushi bar and oysters. Maybe find out when the oysters come in so you get them fresher. I went there one time and I think the oysters might not have been as fresh. The sushi is professional and made right in front of you non-stop.It's pricey but totally worth it. I recommend going in for lunch on the weekend (don't eat breakfast) right at 11am and make your experience last over two hours. Trust me, it IS an experience. That meal will last you all day. Don't feel guilty about gorging yourself. I hope you go with an open mind and try something you've never had. Everything is worth a try, just have a plateful of spoonfuls. You never know!
2	An update -- I have always been a big supporter and a fan of Pacific Seafood Buffet.  But me thinks not anymore.  Went there for dinner last night, which was Tuesday night.  The menu was basically the same and most things were still pretty consistent and good.  But they had a few items that were not-so-good.  Their Korean kalbi short ribs were very tough and overcooked.  Their fish dishes were using poorer quality fish so they were not as tasty, their mapo tofu is getting less and less tasty.  But the kicker that pushed me over the edge to now say that I am no longer a fan is that they have been advertising on their home mailer flyers coupons for $1.00 off for lunch and $2.00 off for dinner.  These flyers have "cut out" coupons on them that automatically tells you that you need to bring the coupons with you.  But on the top of the flyer is says seniors (60+) get 20% off all the time.  When we had dinner last night, they would not give me and my wife our senior citizen's prices since we did not bring the flyer with us.  I explained that the flyer says nothing about bringing the flyer and in fact, it says 20% off for seniors everyday now.  Still they would not give me our discounts.So I paid full price.  I know someone who works at PSB and asked them about this and I was told (I know this is a rumor) that this has been discussed with the management and owners, along with the fact that the website pricing is wrong too, and the staff have been told that these "strategies" help the establishment bring in more customers and get more revenue from customers.  WTH???  So is there is a conscious effort in-place to falsely advertise prices and mislead potential customers?  Assuming that what I was told is true, this seems like economic suicide to me and is also illegal.So Yelpers, just beware and cautious.  The food is still OK, but deteriorating slightly, but this new information is very troubling to me.
3	CleanGood foodsome time it take more than 20  minute for them to add more food,I had to tell them to refill the mongolian beef.
2	This place is a borderline 2-3 stars. We went here recently for a mix of birthday's and Easter. It was our first time for most people going Pacific Buffet. If you are doing a restaurant based almost solely on seafood, you're really putting yourself out there. This place may have been the spot back in the day but not anymore.The seafood didn't seem that fresh at all. In some cases, I left some of the food on the plate after trying it since it was either lacking in flavor or had a strange texture to it. Their sushi was okay and you can't really mess up dessert (except for Home Town Buffet) so that was tasty. The service was well though, they did a good job clearing empty plates, but I don't have any plans to eat here again.
3	Its okay, I went there on a Thursday at 1pm for lunch. I paid like 10 dollar plus tax.I don't really recommend it. I thought it was a disappointment. The sushi does not look fresh but it taste okay.They have alot of different asian food and seafood. But quality is in question.If you like buffet go for it. If not...dont do it....
3	Ever seen weird tv shows of people eating things we would find disgusting? I had that experience just to say I tried something unique! I have always been one to try something before I judge it and I tried a chicken foot here. Yes, chicken feet were at this buffet! Texture was like chewy chicken bones. Go figure. Breading on the chicken foot was not too bad.This  place serves booze. I came here with a group of 8 people including a baby. Our server was was friendly.We came here for dinner and it was about 17.00 per person excluding booze which I did not drink. :-)
4	Pacific Buffet probably has the best variety of food out of the Asian buffets in the valley. The food is of good quality too, so it's definitely worth a try for anyone hankering for seafood/sushi. It's pricier that other buffets such as Hong Kong Gourmet Buffet and Crazy Buffet, but the food tastes better here too.
2	I've been here multiple times with mediocre experiences. The last visit was disappointing. My friend had a sudden urge to use the restroom where she vomited and had massive diarrhea. When we checked out and were asked how everything was, she kindly told them that something she ate quickly upset her stomach that led her to need the bathroom. The cashier said, "Oh, I'm sorry." We had to quickly leave before another episode would happen. I was very disappointed in the response we were given and unable to get ahold of a manager when I called to follow up.
4	Don't go after 8pm, no more crab legs put on buffet. Teppen grill not stocked, good amount of food was cold. If you go, it is a typicaly a great buffet. Off night. Sushi is fresh and teppen grill is fun. Fresh soups and crab legs on dinner side.
3	Came with some family for dinner one night.Except we came at a time where it was right in between lunch and dinner. The waitress was nice and charged us lunch prices while we began our meals. 20 minutes later after they added more food variety for their night crowd, the waitress watched us like a hawk and as soon as we picked up a "dinner item" she re-charged us for dinner prices. I didn't really mind because I understand their dinner has more food (crab legs, sashimi, etc). It was just annoying that in the middle of our meal the waitress had to come to our table and lecture us about it.. I don't frequent this area as I'm not from here.. but I guess many people come here around the same time to fight for lunch/dinner prices so they watch their customers like a hawk on how they eat...Weird! Made me feel a bit uncomfortable. The crab legs were pretty delicious with the butter sauce next to it! But all the other dishes seemed very oily and on the day that I was there they didn't seem to refill their pans of food unless it was near the bare bottom of the dish. Their dim sum items looked very dry. Their "fried" calamari/fish, etc seemed like they were near burnt status. The sushi was eh. As soon as they brought out the raw fish I was so tempted to eat the whole plate! Until I had a closer look. Their salmon had a very dark brown tinge to them. None of the fish was fresh or even looked edible really.. I guess it's hard to serve sushi in a buffet setting when the locals aren't exactly ecstatic over sushi as I am! The great thing that I really loved (on their dinner menu) were the crab legs! (down side about it is that you have to crack and open the shells up yourself with no instruments available -- so it can be a tedious task just to eat crab! The plus side is that it's fresh-er crab meat :P ). Overall, I'd probably come back with the family if they wanted to. Just not too keen on their big-brother- watching-you style.
5	Awesome buffet!! a little pricey, which is expected with seafood, but it is well worth it. especially when you can get all you can eat crab legs for dinner!!! server we had was awesome. she was a big jokester and really did make us feel welcomed. swiped our plates off the table as soon as we were done and always had our drinks full!! love this place!!
4	Great place! Good food! Prices are ok! Be on the lookout for people taking ALL the crab legs haha! ^.^
4	Had crab legs on my mind for two days as I couldn't make it here the night before to check it out. Being a bit later than usual (walked in around 830p) a buffet like this may have been the only thing that could properly stave off my hunger. The place was fairly jam packed this Friday night, and a decent portion were of Asian descent (good sign).  A previous Yelp raised suspicions on whether this place would even deliver on the legs once it got late, and a few people waiting by the empty station had me worried a little at first... until a cook came through those doors wielding a big pot full of bright red steamy shells. Even being of the first pair of people to load my plate I saw how quickly the whole lot can disappear...It was gone within two minutes! I skipped the skimpy little plastic cups and grabbed a soup bowl to fill with buttery business.  Trip report: - 3 plate-loads of crab legs- Loaded shrimp/scallop stir fry (mixed in with my last batch of crab meat.. yumm)- Sushi: This is up to your ability to discern old from new - they DO seem to leave rolls sitting there but they are constantly making new ones (to order!)- Steam bar: Savory sui-mai, pork buns, and some sweet donut-tasting hot pastries, etc..- Steamed mussels on ice- Roasted duck - maybe 5-spice seasoning? Tasted good (note: no knives supplied to cut meat from bone!)- Steamed/grilled sole fillets and (dry) baked salmon  All in all, its fairly standard Asian buffet fare unless you consider the snow crab to be enough to justify the upcharge from the average $10-12 to $18 per adult. Until I find a better price this will remain my go-to spot for bottomless snow crab.. Though for around this price there are better buffets (See Wandering Horse Buffet in Scottsdale)
2	Update-I really did not want to go here, but my granddaughter and grandson wanted to eat here so I acquiesced.  The food is basically the same as always but some things are less adequate or maybe going downhill a little.  I think is is a cost control issue, especially with the economy still being in the dumps.  They don't serve the deep-fried, sweet-sour rock fish anymore.  I know that this dish is expensive but very good.  And they only serve a little bit of tuna (maguro) sashimi at a time.  In fact, I went back to the sashimi/sushi counter three times during dinner and did not get even one piece.  People wait for them to put out a little bit (like maybe 12 pieces) and they rush to grab it.  I saw one kid take every piece of sashimi from the counter, including the other types as well.  And I saw one family wait until they brought out a new container of snow crab legs and rush up with four dinner plates and take every last piece of crab legs -- I would estimate about 12 pounds worth --- good thing that crab legs is not my thing.  But I must admit that I was thinking that these people must have no class since they act like greedy pigs and I think I could even hear them grunting when they were eating.
3	Went to Joes Crab Shack last week because everyone in the house had a craving for crab legs and we never went there before. Im not a big crab legs eater so the trip wasn't that great for the price. Wish we knew about this place sooner. If you're a picky seafood eater like me this place is awesome. There are TONS of options. Went tonight, a Friday at 6pm and everything was fresh. If you never went here before the best way to describe it is an upscale Chinese buffet. Has a make your own sushi bar, premade sushi, BBQ chicken, pork, lots of steamed bun options, tempura veggies and meats, normal Chinese buffet options like spring rolls, dumplings, soups, fruit bar, etc then there fresh seafood, muscles, multiple clam dishes, sea snails, cooked salmon, crab legs, half crabs, crawfish.... And then the occasional weird stuff like chicken feet if you're into freaky things.Overall the place is far better priced for the amount you get then going to a crab place like Joe's. Would definitely recommend going there... Just bring your own shell cracker and wet naps cause the crabs are greasier than you'd think.
4	Went here for Thanksgiving and had a good time. They had all the normal Thanksgiving turkey with dressing, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and gravy, plus all the dinner buffet. I had some turkey then filled up with sushi and the bbq section. I like the selection here, it's not serious sit down quality but i think it is the best Asian buffet around the valley. I had clams, crab, seared tuna, bbq pork and beef, seaweed salad, marinated baby squid, fresh oysters, and a few others.
4	The array of seafood they offer here for the price is truly impressive. You can sample sushi and sashimi to mussels and crab legs. They always feature salmon and sometimes even have crawfish! There's a whole lot to pick from and usually the price is around $20 per person. It's hard to beat the value you get for your hard-earned seafood-snarfin' dollar here!A couple of things I noticed in the few times I've done the buffet thing here. If you arrive late, the pickin's will be slimmer. There will be some items that you know have sat in the chafing dish that aren't as palatable-looking as they were when first deployed. You have to act fast when the batches of crab legs are put out, since everyone and their mom seems to belly up for another round of these pronto! I also steer clear of a lot of the sushi past 9 p.m. It always looks a little dried-out and curious to me, not something I'm willing to take too much of a chance on.However, I feel the dining experience here is pleasant. The staff are friendly and helpful. And there is a ton of good seafood to keep you satisfied. There are even things that I'm a little unsure of how to eat, like sea snails or something I couldn't quite recognize. This place is densely frequented by the East Valley Asian community, which to me says this is the place to find reasonably-priced good seafood. Beware though...the competition is fierce for those fresh batches of crab legs! You may have to use your crab cracker to defend your rightly-deserved, hard-fought-and-won portion!
1	I'm not even sure where to begin with this.  We showed up right at the start of dinner and food from lunch was still out and they were slowly putting out dinner food. The sushi?  Yuck. It tasted like what you get from the grocery store deli. We saw peel and eat shrimp...yay!  Gross. How can you mess that up?!  The lo mein was really good but I didn't find much up there where I can actually say "Wow!  This is really good!"  Another thing... I have a lot of food allergies and they didn't have a lot of their items labeled. With all this being said, I would say that for the price it's worth it just for the crab alone.
5	This is one of the best values I have found for my money in a long time. I have been here many times through out the years. If you drive by and see the parking lot is full run on in. I have wanted to go when it wasn't busy but the food did not appear to be as fresh so I left. The sushi is very good, limited in selection but they have my favorites so it's great for me. The crab legs are amazing! Last lime I went I had 2 plates of sushi, 2 plates of crab legs and a plate of egg rolls, pineapple sticky rice, and crab puffs. If I would have ordered all of that at a restaurant it would have easily cost me $60 for everything I ate, but I paid less than $20. This place is a gem and I highly recommend it:)
5	It's been over 2 years since my last review of Pacific Seafood Buffet. I've been eating here regularly since 2006, and I've yet to have a bad experience, get sick, or.. find a consistently better Asian Buffet. That's huge, as I've visited what feels like.. ALL THE BUFFETS in the East Valley. The sushi is always fresh, super tasty, and totally scarfable. The hot dishes are really good too.. everything is a notch above what most other buffets sling. They serve up an amazing Szechuan Fish.. I kinda ate 1/2 a pan of it the last time I was there... or maybe more than 1/2 a pan, and I'm actually quite proud of myself! Top it off with a fun selection of decent desserts (especially the Strawberry Whipped Cream cake, and those fun little square Mocha cakes) and you've got a buffet I'm eager to hit at any time!
4	Great Buffett.  Huge selection.  Its listed as Chinese, but it's really more of a Pacific Rim type place, with the offerings divided between Japanese, Chinese and Vietnamese.  Tasty food in an all you can eat format.  I love seafood, so I spend most of my food intake budget on the Snow Crab Legs, Crawfish, and a variety of non-fried Shrimp options.  Really good sushi bar with lots of fresh-rolled options.  Grilled meat options and Mongolian BBQ to order as well.  We are a family of 6 and my 4 kids love the place.  Its their favorite place to eat, and we enjoy family feasts here every few weeks or so.  Friendly staff.  There can be a bit of a wait on weekend evenings, so eat off-peak or plan accordingly.
5	Huge fan of this place. I go there every couple of months. Amazing food!
1	I had high hopes for this place.. Great price for all you can eat crab! Unfortunately, families were swiping plates of it as soon as it came out. They were kind enough to leave a few scrawny, soggy legs for those of us who are not greedy vultures and trying to enjoy our meals. It pains me to say this, but out of an entire buffet, I mostly enjoyed the sticky buns (sweet rolls similar to donuts). I tried a little of almost everything too. Okay... And the bathrooms? Disgusting. I am glad I didn't go in there before I ate. Their saving grace was that the server was nice and seemed to know the regulars. She did take a long time to get our drinks and never explained anything to us newbies to their buffet. BUT she was nice lol. I won't be back.
1	We came here because of the good reviews on Yelp (and elsewhere).  DO not believe any of the good reviews!  The food was mostly disgusting!  We tried a little bit of everything and none of it was any good.  My son wouldn't even eat the ice cream.  It was the cheapest kind you could buy.   I complained to the manager and he just offered a 10% discount.  Which means that we paid $48.00 for 2 adults and one 11 year old.   WAY too much for this s-hole.  I would stand out in front with a sign warning people if I thought it would keep people from wasting their money.  However, the restaurant was jammed full....  So, I can assume that the locals either have terrible taste or EXTREMELY low expectations.  Either way, I may have to move to a different city.   I think I have said enough...
5	Here we have Arizona's biggest Buffet, except for it's twin in Glendale.  This location offers the most consistently 5-Star performance, and was in top form today, featuring a huge selection of 158 food choices, plus several additional treats put out during my leisurely visit!  A big crowd of cherry diners were in soon after opening time, but all the food was kept properly stocked and my nice server Kelly stayed right on top of plate clearing and refills.The food started right off at 5 Stars with some of the best Hot & Sour Soup in the Valley!  Then it was onto salads and a generous selection of really tasty, just made Sushi.Over at the Mongolian BBQ I piled my plate up with Chinese Cabbage, numerous other veggie & fruit treats, as well as meats including big shrimp & SCALLOPS.  Of course it was all cooked up to perfection by Chef Hu?     :-)One day I had someone say, "Oh, those Chinese Buffets are all the same".  Is that so?  Well, if you're tired of Eel, frog legs, Blue Crab, scallops, three different chicken feet recipes and all different kinds of fish you've never even heard of before (Yes, all labeled), I'm not sure I can help.  Otherwise, if you like exotic dishes, this is your place!  If you don't like exotic dishes, this is still your place, because even many of the common foods served here are particularly good!     :-))After trying many of the great offerings here today, including some of the exotic ones, I finished up with a nice normal Ice Cream Sundae made with one of the EIGHT kinds of REAL ice cream, & topped with REAL Hershey's Chocolate Syrup.This is one Arizona Buffet that would still be 5 Stars on the Las Vegas Strip, & I think it's our very best!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet is $9.38/$8.48 Sr., & yes, they even have a bar!
4	This is the highest quality Chinese buffet that I have been to.  We were there at the tail end of the lunch rush, and the food was fresh and everything was well stocked.  The sushi was very good, it was probably my favorite part of the meal.  The seafood was good, but I am not much for crab legs, so cannot comment on them.  Overall the price is probably a bit on the high side if you do not go heavy on the pricier items (especially the crab legs).  However given the overall quality of the food, I think the price is worth it.
4	ok, it's a good buffet, much better than average, but I would stay away from the raw fish and shellfish.
3	An abundance of Asian cuisine, no line around 8:30pm, service friendly. One of the waitresses had a hard time understanding what we were ordering for beverages though and kept bringing us more and more water although we hadn't ordered it and we had more than enough already on the table. Food is okay, nothing amazing, but nothing terrible. Sushi is fairly fresh and there's a variety of seafood (crab legs, clams, mussels, etc). There's also dim sum, bbq pork, and chicken skewers. Beverages not included in the price and the dessert is so/so. Very limited variety of fruits and pastries. Overall, not bad, nothing crazy good either.
5	great food, love coming here with the family.
3	Since my husband is a Chinese Buffet Junkie, I took him yesterday for Father's Day.  It was a crazy long wait (20 minutes morphed into 40) no doubt attributable to the day. What I found interesting is the charge was $1 higher than the "normal" price of dinner - make all the money you can...right?  Dinner was okay and I mean just okay.  The wait staff were friendly and kept our table clean and drinks filled.  The food stations were clean - the food was hot, and with the exception of the crab legs was replenished before empty.  Don't know if I'll go back though as I left with a very bad impression.  I overheard the manager arguing with a patron regarding a coupon.  Apparently the manager only wanted to apply the coupon to one person instead of the entire party, and the man was telling him to read his own sign which didn't limit it's use.  So sad and incredibly stupid!  You know the saying: Bad news travels while good news stays at home!  This bad news has grown feet and is now on it's way!!!
4	Halfway through my first plate I almost puked.  It wasn't from the food, it was from the medicine I took for my cold.  I scared the hell out of my friends; they thought I was going to throw up on them and yelled for help LOL Luckily, I know how to control myself.  I went to the restroom, did my business and was back to eating somewhat normally.Overall, the food was alright.  Price was alright, I guess (~$17), considering they had some good meats and seafood.  My friends devoured the crab legs.  Every time the chef put out a stack, they ran for them, literally.  I liked the sushi they served here, as well as the seafood, but I couldn't eat as much of it because I was still a bit nauseous.The ice cream looked similar to Thrifty ice cream.  It was good.  I liked the cookies n cream and the strawberry flavor.If I could, I'd give this place 3.5 stars...
5	I consider myself somewhat of a buffet aficionado, and Pacific Seafood Buffet is definitely one of the best I've ever eaten at. They have everything from sushi to delicious Korean BBQ style spare ribs, and even some more unusual dishes like tripe and frog legs, but everything is very good.
2	I don't understand why the rating is so high. I looked at the reviews before I came here, so I felt pretty safe. The crab legs were so bad. I'd love to pay more but serve me something that worth it. The legs were light, the meat was not tender and all sticked to the shells. The legs looked pretty good outside but when I ate one, tried one more, I just left the whole dish. So disappointed. The seafood buffet, everything is good except for the seafood
4	This is one of the better buffets in AZ because the food is actually pretty good.That being said, this place has really good sushi and a wide selection of seafood. Dinner on weekdays are $15.88 and weekends are a dollar more. Drinks are not included in the price. If you want to just eat all u can eat sushi and some asian food then I suggest u only come for lunch where it's only ten bucks which is a really good deal.I always come for dinner though because I like to eat seafood. The crab legs are not that great though. They taste old and flavorless so do not come expecting it to be awesome. On the weekends they taste a little better but there usually is a huge line for them and everyone takes it all within the first minute of it coming out. It's seriously a pain to deal with.They also have raw oysters which are decent if they haven't been sitting out for too long. It's a hit or miss because some of them taste fishy while others taste fresh.As for the crawfish, it's frozen and then cooked but it's not too bad considering we do live in AZ.The sushi is the best asian buffet sushi you will eat in AZ hands down and I've been to almost all the Asian buffets in AZ.I also like the short ribs here that they have located near the grill and they also have fresh strawberries and an assortment of typical Asian dishes that are tasty.I generally skip this though because I come for the seafood and sushi. Some other seafood dishes are escargot, stone crabs, shrimp cocktail that u have to peel, cold mussels on ice, steamed clams, dry salmon, steamed fish, sometimes fried frog legs, sashimi, popcorn shrimp, clam chowder, and some weird baby scallop thing that doesn't really have any flavor. Everyone should try this buffet at least once to see if you like it! I really like this buffet, it's very clean and a bit more upscale than other seafood Asian buffets.
5	I'll keep this short:- The food? Tasty!- The sushi? Yes, tasty!- The service? Great! My drink was never empty. - The quality? Seemed good-to-high to me. - The [lunch] price? Very fair, for what you can get. The bottom line, for me, is that this is a GREAT place to go eat lunch if you have the time to sit and feast. Dinner looks even better, but I've only been there for lunch and found the price pretty good.
3	This is definitely one of the better Asian buffets in the east valley. They offer a good selection of foods from sushi to stir-fry as well your typical Asian American offerings (sweet & sour chicken, crab wontons, black pepper chicken etc. ) As far as a high quality buffet I wouldn't go that far, they are about in the middle the road in my opinion. I think its definitely worth going to if you like a good variety of Asian foods as well as sushi. I do like that they are constantly replenishing the foods and they don't typically run out of items.
3	Food is ok. Service is ok. Crab legs are just the same with crazy buffet. Dinner at 16/head adult. Quite pricey.
3	Hearing more Chinese and Vietnamese than English means this spot is legit in our community. I was surprised to see so many people after 7pm on a Sunday night. Get your money's worth by feasting on the crawfish and crab, both very popular items. Stand your ground and fend off hungry asian mobsters. Don't let their age fool you, those grandmas/pas will attack you with the serving spoons if you are in their way. Most of the other food items fall between OK to good. However, there were a few questionable-lookingitems that I preferred to leave in their serving trays. Several sushi options, typical americanized chinese options, soups, meats, seafood, a Mongolian BBQ station, and self-serve ice cream freezer.  The advantage of this buffet is obviously quantity over quality, so come with that in mind. The price is $17 for a dinner weekend but you can bring the coupon from their website to save a little bit.
5	Oh how I love this place, the biggest Buffet in Arizona and arguably the best Oriental Buffet of them all!  Mike C. joined me for the feast here today and not only did they have a bigger selection than ever before with 162 food items out plus sauces & dressings, they actually change the menu a little too from one visit to the next to keep us Buffet enthusiasts fired up!I started off today with a bowl of their world class Clam Chowder that can hold its own against the great Chowders I have actually traveled to Boston to savor.  Other major treats included their BIG Sushi selection & their deep fried Salmon, unusual and wonderfully spiced!  Of course there's Mongolian BBQ & zillions of other treats, lots of seafood as promised!Now we DO have other great Oriental Buffets here in the Valley, including the twin to this one in Glendale and certainly Jasmine Tokyo in Scottsdale, but considering the perfect dining comfort here, consistently good service & staff friendliness, value & everything else I think THIS IS THE VERY TOP ONE!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $9.38, $8.44 Sr.
5	I live about 40mins SE of there. Yet, on average I'm there at least once a week if not more. Usually for lunch-with the all you can eat sushi bar. I would spend way more than $10 if I went anywhere else & ate that much sushi. Usually go there for dinner when friends or family are in town. Crab legs are good-only wish they were king crab & not snow crab. For me to drive 30-40 mins for lunch every week-they must be doing something right.
1	I love buffets. I go to many. So my one star is for the quality of the food here. My friend and I wanted to try a new Chinese buffet and headed over here for our first try.  All the meats tasted nasty. I spit out over half the things I put in my mouth. I ended up not eating a lot of each plate I tried. I am easily pleased usually, but this place really wasn't good. They had tons of variety but the quality was lacking. I would say their best items were their hot and sour soup and their dessert bar. I would not go back.
4	First timer and it was a Saturday nite, so there was about a 20 minute wait for a table; I will have to say I am glad we hung around! The food was hot, fresh and lots of variety to choose from.
4	One of my favorite buffets in the valley. They always have fresh food, everything is well stocked. My family always end up here when we can't decide where to go!
5	This buffet is a keeper, good crab legs if you dare want to battle for them. Love the salt and pepper shrimp with the shell and head. Have to tear off the head but eat the rest, shell and legs to appreciate the flavor. If you remove the shell, may as well eat the shrimp cocktail.Another favorite is the salt and pepper frog legs (taste like chicken) and the kalbi korean short ribs and the other dishes in the bbq section.Just when you think you are stuffed, have to get some of the self serve ice cream that is available.You will leave wishing you really did not earlier but satisfied.Probably the best asian seafood buffet in town, just wish we did not have to drive 30 miles to get there, but if you are in the area, it is a must.There is a reason why 90% of the people eating there are asians
5	The food was well cooked, crab legs, sushi, chicken cooked in like several different ways and the best part they've got a food bar that caters island BBQ if your into that sort of taste and the service was great! By far the best buffet I've been too in AZ with well cooked selections of food. It is a bit pricey so make sure you make your money's worth!
5	Just had to briefly say this is an excellent option for lunch or dinner.
5	I eat at the pacific seafood buffet a couple times a week.   They have a wide selection of food but I primarily come in for the sushi.  The staff is very friendly.  Being a frequent patron they know exactly what I want and how I want it.   Throw a couple dollars in the tip jar and the sushi chefs will make you your favorite rolls every time they see you.
5	Normally I try to stay away from anywhere that has the words "seafood" and "buffet" in the same sentence.However, when we walked in my head fucking exploded.Sushi?  Yes.Crazy amounts of different seafood?  Yes.Rice?  Of course.Other food items for the seafood squeamish?  Yes.DESSERT TABLE?  Yes.Sweet staff?  Yes.I don't understand how the pacific northwest doesn't have a place like this anywhere b/c it is definitely needed!  The food is fresh, quick, and delicious and the place itself is bustling and chock full of all kinds, all enjoying a fantastic buffet of goodness!Do yourself a favour and stop by this gem to get your buffet on.  I'll see you in line, suckers!
4	Went on a Saturday for lunch; great selection of seafood dishes -- crabs, shrimp, clams, fish, prepared in various ways.  Had a sushi section and selection was pretty good!  Would like to see more sashimi and tuna nigiri sushi.  I ate mostly sushi the entire time.  Mom & aunt liked the other prepared foods.  It was quite expensive when going on weekends.  Our server was attentive, filling my glass of iced tea and Mom & Aunt's cups with tea and coffee.  Will probably go back, but not on weekends.
2	Do not be fooled this place has very little seafood it's a Chinese buffet. The crab legs that they offer you have to fight for and they taste old or have been boiled too long. I brought my kids here for a special dinner and was severely disappointed in the quality for the price. Never again.
4	There was a time in my life when I would not dare step food in a buffet. Buffets were not places I would spend my money. Well, life has a way of making you change your ways and for me, making me change the places I can afford to eat at. This buffet isn't specifically a cheap buffet, but it is a good deal for the selections offered. They have a wide array of choices. I wasn't too fond of their nigiri sushi but it was comparable to some sushi joints out there and I am not even talking of the AYCE restaurants. The roll selection was decent, they had spicy tuna roll, and I was surprised by how good it was. They have a BBQ section that I didn't get to try but looked really delicious! Also they had a lot of dim sum selections which I had not seen at a buffet before, they also had your typical chinese buffet standards. I liked the fact that like their name states, they are indeed a seafood buffet! Lots of different fish options! I would invite you to give it a try!
3	A buffet is a buffet right? Yeah mostly.  You pretty much get what you pay for (nothing super fancy either).A friend and I drove around Chandler today for no real reason.  We drove by this place and all of a sudden got hungry  for seafood.  Now, before we even walked in, I was thinking to myself "No way, a buffet with just seafood?"Now about it being all seafood... nope!  Oh well, doesn't matter I guess.  The selection is good, including some things I haven't seen at a buffet yet.  Now I got my plate full of a variety of meats and seafood (typical buffet stuff for me) including for the 1st time trying tofu and sushi.  Tofu... not very appetizing and the sushi was surprisingly fine (Will need to try sushi restaurant sometime now).Now some of the foods I did notice were not very hot at all.  They were still edible, but could of been better.  The crab puffs (a favorite at these places) weren't very filling either.The staff were nice and constantly went by too see if we needed anything, so I would give them 5 stars right there.I will probably try it again some other day, might of been a bad day to go (During lunch on a dead Thursday might of affected it).  It might be better during a busy weekend maybe.
5	This is the absolute best buffet in the Phoenix Valley.! It is like a Vegas Casino Buffet got transported here. Everything from dim sum to escargot. Crab legs and a huge sushi bar. Their fish quality is very good for a buffet. Exceptionally good food and a selection that can't be beat! Now where are the black jack tables? and bring me a single malt scotch!
4	This buffet is similar to Crazy in Las Vegas, but I like this better.  Too bad they don't have soft serve ice cream, but I could go to McDonald's for that, right?They have a pretty big assortment of food from a limited sushi bar, and even some Korean stuff.  There is a very limited Mongolian BBQ Grill area.  Lots of seafood stuff, but they crab legs don't come out as frequently as they do in Las Vegas.It's a typical real Chinese buffet that caters to real Chinese as well as others.  I don't know about the price because we were treated to this.  The waitresses didn't come as often as I thought they would to pickup the plates and the place is overly crowded, meaning the tables are all crammed in there so close together.  If you're tiny Asians, hey, no big deal, but if you're some sumo wrestler or tall, big white guy or something, it's a bit cramped.  Anyway, the food is good.  It has a good mixture of authentic Chinese as well as Americanized Chinese.  Some of my family only eats seafood, others only sushi, and like my husband (nothing seafood, rather beef stuff and anything fried), while I like a variety of meats and veggies.   The kids have a hey day here, but after eating here, I definitely need to detox my system.
5	Best buffet I have ever been to. Great selection, and large selection of Sushi too. Yum Yum
2	This place is really a Chinese buffet with a bit more seafood available than the average Chinese buffet. But at $16.88 per person on a Saturday, I think not! Too expensive for at most two servings.
2	Typical chinese buffet their attempt at serving a lot of seafood for your money's worth  falls short because there are heeps of people lined up like there was a blow out sale for the crab legs.  Once you do get the crab legs they are over salted so you won't want to eat more.  The sushi was super fishy and other entrees dry as they are left out on the heating pad.  The one yummy thing is the mongolian bbq & fried chinese donuts.. but $20 for that? No thanks.
4	Hands down the best chinese place in the east valley phoenix area. They have sushi and different types of special depending on the day. Staff is freindly the and The place is clean.Not really the bathroom is filthy but its the best its gonna get.
4	Pacific has been our go-to buffet since 2006. This location consistently delivers good food and good service...especially if Lisa is your server. Id give it 5 stars but it is a buffet and the quality decreases a bit between 3-4pm when they are switching from lunch to dinner.The sushi is great.I like the variety of deep fried to specialty to hand rolls to nigiri. Always of good quality.The mongolian grill is a nice addition although I'm usually too busy eating sushi to take advantage of it.Salad bar options are a little weak, but you shouldn't go to an Asian/seafood buffet for salad.Lots of dishes with varying types of protein including tofu for vegetarians.Great to finiah off your meal with one of their many cakes or a scoop of ice cream (they have like 10 flavors!)Go get yourself some Pacific!!
3	I used be a fan for this place. and frequently be there last two years. However, couple months ago, I went there with my friends (two Asians and one Caucasian). We three were all fine. I don't know what happened to my Caucasian friend. That night he started to vomit and diarrhea, and he is the big fan for this place. After that night, we were not be this place frequently. I think they may just make some one time mistake, but we just could not remember this place when we want to have buffet.
4	Crawfish, need I say more. They also have crab legs, sushi etc . Prices starting to get higher though:(
1	Wow, This place is horrible!  I have been to a few Asian seafood buffets and none have been good but this one was over the top awful. Small crab, and all of the food that should be hot was cold and tasted horrible. The so called sushi section made me ill just looking at it. Tried a couple basic generic rolls and the were worse then they looked. Probably the worst salmon sashimi I have ever had.   Ever. In short, I cannot understand how this place ever gets a repeat customer.
5	The shumai and bbq ribs! And beef and broccoli! Even some of the sushi was decent. And they had real ice cream! Teriyaki chicken! And chicken wings! And chicken on a stick! And potstickers with the perfect sauce! This is where I'll come from now on when I want to eat greasy Chinese until my stomach hurts.
2	It is good if you want to do a quick cleanse.  I have eaten here twice and within two hours after leaving I was making frequent visits to my local commode.Ironically, or not, these two occasions were on Mondays.Are we reheating foods that have sat under heat lamps the previous day?Their egg drop is decent.
5	I love to eat at this place I would I eat there every weekend if I could . the price is right food is great.
5	This is my favorite Chinese buffet by far. Tons of items you just don't see anywhere else. Quality of food is almost always at a high level. It gets crazy busy so sometimes the wait dampens the outing. Price is on par for what you get, it's not cheap but neither is the food and in the end you don't feel like you got ripped off. I don't really eat at any other Chinese buffet anymore, this is the place for me.
5	We always take our out of town guests to this authentic Asian restaurant because we know that they will enjoy the food.  Our Asian friends insist on going there every year when they visit. The food is great and the choices are endless. Great sushi bar. No doubt you will find many dishes you will like.  Go once, and you will return many times.
1	It's just your typical cheap Asian buffet.  A little on the pricey side at $16-ish per person for their dinner buffet though I'm sure you'll hear some say that it's worth it because they serve crab.  But don't be fooled, the crab is immediately snapped up by the vultures circling the empty tray, waiting for the next tray of crab.  Last time I was there, literally three people got any crab before the tray was empty once again.  Have fun waiting another 20 minutes before they bring out the next tray, only to see it all disappear to one or two tables.That aside, the sushi isn't great and the dim sum dishes have too much dough with too little fillings.  They do have a variety of your standard Asian dishes, but all of sub-standard to mediocre quality.  It is a cheap buffet, so I guess I can't complain too much there.  The service is a hit or miss, depending on the waitress and a tip to all, don't use their bathrooms.  They don't always refill their soap, and I have seen roaches in their bathroom.  At least it's the bathroom, I guess.
5	This place is epic!! So full!! Fresh!! Sushi is so good and fresh crab legs are my new friend !! Waiters the best!! Yum yum!!
4	Great service , the food is decent depending on your taste, I have been there 10-20 times since I've lived in Arizona. It is the closest Asian buffet, from where I live.
1	Went for the crab leg special. Had no idea it was $17.99 a person!!!'Wow things have really gone up here. The quality of food from the side items to the fried items all were horrible. I have never seen grapes with seeds in them and watermelon that tastes like rhine.The bathrooms were not too bad, expect for the light switch that hasn't been wiped down in 5 years! I could only imagine that back kitchens sanitary practices are like???We were served by an American gal, she was point on with drinks dirty plates and crab crackers . If no stars existed I would give this place that, but because our service was good one star remains.
5	Excellent selection of seafood complemented with more traditional Chinese cuisine. Nicely presented with items frequently replenished. Sashimi and sushi are nicely crafted and plentiful. Shellfish selection is surprisingly varied and well prepared. Good dessert bar with premium ice creams. Attentive servers.
4	In 2008 I was introduced to the buffet by a person from Shenyang CN. In China restaurant mgr was heroccupation. Her own cooking is superb. She does not trust restaurants in CN but both trusts and likes this buffet. A lady from Southern CN owned six restaurants and her spouse trained all her chefs. She also thinks well of this buffet. My uneducated opinion is I could be satisfied eating all my food here. Service is what is to be expected at a high volume buffet. Selection is very good. I have never had desert and don't have rice at the end of the meal. There is just too much prior temptation. Parking is good and centrally located. Price is more than fair for that which youcan have.
4	4 years later still a solid spot for a lunch buffet. They raised their prices a bit from the $8.95 I remember to around $10.50 for lunch but it's still an incredible value. Where else can you find a great mix of Korean, Japanese, and Chinese food all under one roof.Standouts are- Wokked Mushrooms- Maki Handrolls- BBQ AreaI wouldn't come here for the $18 crab leg dinner free for all but it is a go-to spot for lunch~
5	Got great service, the food was excellent.  My mom got lots of crab.  The food was good.  Awesome!
3	Not at bad overall buffet but have had better.   For those that like seafood a good spot to pig out. Otherwise may want to go to a typical Chinese buffet place due to the price.Goods:-Sushi was freshly made and pretty good variety. -Great seafood variety, crab, snails, fish, oysters, shrimp......-Nice selections of ice creams :-) -Has Mongolian, Chinese (Dim Sum too), Japanese, Bads:-Place is old, needs updating-Feels a bit dirty-Pricey: basically $20 out the door
3	Food tasted good and everyone was very nice but was it coincidence that we were both glued to the toilet that night?  Might give it another try but need to give the flora a chance to rebuild in my gut first.
4	This has been a go to place for us for many years. Unfortunately even though they've raised the prices only modestly they've also cut back on the offerings. I tried it once on a weekday. The lunch selection was disappointing to me, but only because I prefer the all day Sunday dinner selection. I love sashimi, and they don't disappoint. Gone are the frog legs and roast duck they used to have. They have a fair selection of Chinese style food for those less adventurous, and even have green tea ice cream. Don't miss the hot and sour soup, better than most places. I'd be willing to pay a bit more if they upgraded their offerings. Better than Jasmine Tokyo. I love raw fish, and if I wanted to eat rice with it I'd add rice. The staff is very efficient at clearing your plates and readily available to refill your drinks. This is a busy place, sometimes it can be just a bit noisy and it's fine for kids. There's a room up front for large groups.
1	I am told that this place started out as a great place to eat. While this may be true, things have certainly changed for Pacific. The whole place smells horribly like fish (Keep in mind that properly prepared fish does not smell fishy.) and the restaurant was gross. I spent my time trying to find something to eat that wouldn't gross me out which was a waste of time. I left terrified that my next few hours would find me hunched over a toilet bowl. Don't go here.
5	Good selection. Compared to the one in Glendale this one had more American choices and more choices overall. They did have my favorite thing - salmon skin but it was cold. Sushi and dimsum choices were good. Sometimes the sushi chef wasn't there but if you ask him to come out he can make a decent a decent selection for a non-sushi restaurant. Good deal for $9.88 for lunch but dinner is $16-18. Haven't tried dinner yet.
4	This is not the run of the mill buffet so expect to pay more for King crab legs, sushi, sashimi and an array of various Asian foods.  Food is fresh and servers are always bringing hot dishes out.  Things we like:  sushi, peppered salmon, seared tuna, seaweed salad,  pot stickers, steamed fish, stir fry (you choose your own ingredients), sesame balls, green ice cream.    We have tried both locations and prefer the Chandler even if it is a little further.  This location seems brighter be cheerier than the other.  The Glendale location could use a makeover.
5	This is way better then the one they have on bell rd. Staff is more friendly and the food fresh.  CJ has waited on us and we absolutely love her. Great service.  Will be back alot.  I come here from west phx. ...
4	I love this place! Crab, crawfish,sushi, and all my other favorites. Great seafood selection. Good service. Prices are very good for what you get.
4	I've been here quite a few times and it's the cleanest Chinese buffet in the area. Food is of high quality especially the seafood. The only buffet sushi I feel safe eating. Lunch is reasonably priced and even though dinner is a little pricey it's worth it.One time I found a hair in the ice cream so that was a bummer.
4	The selection and quality of the food was amazing.  The food was fresh, hot and tasty.  The restaurant is clean and well maintained.  The staff is plentiful and attentive. Some of the offerings were labeled only in Chinese which is not good for someone with dietary restrictions.  The price is excellent but we are all seniors.Our biggest issue is that only one bill was issued for 5 guests paying with cards and with coupons.  Checking out was a disaster.  Why not charge guests on the way in.
3	I love this place for dinner! But I came here for lunch today hoping for the same good food and variety. I was mistaken. What food they had was good but the food trays were  always empty and the cooks were more preoccupied with eating their own food and not wanted to put anything new out before the dinner rush. It was still an hour and 20 mins before dinner....... Dinner great!!!! Lunch not so much
4	Best sea food around grate value for the bomb food your getting. A must go too if your in the area. Maybe they need a Lil more fruit and waiters with a bigger smile but all n all grate place. Very Good sushi for it being a buffet. Yummy crab legs frog legs and all kinds of shells.
