2	The food was fine, but our waitress was pushy, almost rude.  She was more salesperson than waitress, pushing certain dishes by saying, "all of my tables order this." After ordering a bottle of wine, she suggested her favorite, which also happened to be nearly twice as expensive.Maybe just because it's Vegas this type of service is OK, but anywhere else, a restaurant like this wouldn't last long with such opinionated waitstaff.
5	Only 1 review so far and it isn't a great one!! Came here a few times, once for a fixed wine tasting (Penfold's) dinner and a couple other times cause their short rib ravioli was nothing short of jaw dropping!!What is worth sharing to the world:Signature Chopped Salad: Not the typical chopped salad, more like a expertly created chopped salad with the right amount of everything!Osso Bucco: Home Cooking Flavors Deeply Infused in the Os So Tender Meat!Cioppino: Flawless Array of Ocean Food Delectables submerged in sauce that made me slide down my chair in Awww!Wild Alaskan Halibut: Not the usual Wild Alaskan Salmon but an Amazing Fillet of fish with perfectly balanced spices!Short rib ravioli: To Die For!!!!! * Gustav Mauler a "Master Chef", one of the very few, definitely lives up to his title. He also paid me a visit at my table during the wine tasting event for a quick update on food/service/atmosphere that night.. No worries Master Chef, I've been too many bourgee restaurants and most of them don't come close to the experience I've had at Spiedini.. Absolutely Delicious Food, Short Rib Ravioli was Spectacular, Service Attentive and Friendly and Atmosphere was Elegant.. This place is Under Rated and Deserves Much More Recognition!!!!
4	Nice Atmosphere, enjoyed the addition of architectural surroundings with the restaurant. As for location, its located within the Rampart Casinos so there would be a long walk through casino slot machines and other restaurants to arrive at the destination. Enjoyed the appetizer of 'sweet water shrimp', which was very tasty that was wrapped in prosciutto. yummy :) Entrees were alright, like a typical Italian restaurant, and likewise the service.
5	The atmosphere, food and service was excellent...  We love to go there for special occasions and sometimes just for appetizers and a glass of wine.  Love the Siena.
5	A long time stand by  in our family, we have had fabulous meal after fabulous meal.  My dad swears by the Spaghetti all Chitara or the Hay and Straw, both superb pasta choices.  My favorites are the Chicken Involtini, or Halibut, and of course the best Veal Marsala in the world.  Whatever Chef prepares, it always impresses guests we bring, especially for the reasonable prices.
5	Absolutely wonderful.  The service was great, the food was amazing.  I can't wait to go back!  I had the Veal Romano, the veal was cooked perfectly as was the sauce, a perfect blend of butter, lemon juice, capers and artichoke hearts.  My husband had the lasagna, his barometer when we try new Italian places, he was impressed.  Looking forward to taking friends next time and sitting out on the patio!!  You don't have to walk thru the casino to get to it, drive to the hotel entrance and valet your car.  A perfect non-casino date night!
4	I was delighted with my dinner at Spiedini. It is a great place to relax and unwind over a tasty meal. We started with the Arancini Balls. I was happy to find them here because they stopped serving them at Born and Raised. They were nice and golden on the outside with an addicting rice combination on the inside. Yum! Then we shared their signature chopped salad ($9.00) . It looked like a work of art.... I didn't want to eat it. It had romaine, avocado, corn, tomato, crisp pieces of bacon, and Russian dressing. It had a creamy consistency to it and had the perfect blend of flavors. It was delicious! I ordered the Fusilli (corkscrew pasta) with Lobster ($26.00) . It came with sun dried tomatoes, peas, cremini mushrooms, lobster topped with lobster rose sauce. I didn't think I was going to like it at first because I was leaning towards a white sauce . I usually go with the waiter's recommendations if I'm feeling stuck  because they know their menu better than I would.   My other choices were Lobster Risotto or the Lobster Ravioli. I went with the waiter's choice.  I liked that the sun dried tomatoes were still a little juicy on the inside and the sauce was creamy. I also enjoyed the sweet flavor of the lobster. We ended the meal with a light dessert Cassata Napoltena ($6.00). It had layers of Pistachio, Chocolate and Vanilla Bean ice cream with Strawberries on top. It is just enough for sharing especially if you are stuffed to the brim with pasta!
5	Beautiful decor. One of my favorite salads. Avacadoe on the bottom, stocked with Greens, with a crunchy top. For an Entree i love the Lasagna and the Osu Buco (forgive my spelling). Service is great. I Definately recommend.
2	Very average food (at best)..with above average prices.I wanted this place to be good, since it's close to my house and I love Italian food.  I had high hopes after reading some of the reviews, but my fiance' and I ultimately left disappointed.  We were there on a Saturday night, and there was maybe ten people in the place, which we should have taken as a sign.  We split the signature chopped salad, and  Fusilli With Lobster dish.  The salad was soaked in their russian dressing, which made it very heavy and rich when mixed with the avocados and bacon.  Some people may like it, but we thought it was a bit too heavy.  As for the pasta, it seemed to smell and taste a bit fishy and the sauce had no flavor.  Needless to say.. we had two bites of each dish and that was it, we paid our bill and left.  On a positive note, the service was decent, but ultimately the food fell flat.
1	The food is very bland.
5	Enjoyed dinner with my family at Spiedini over the weekend and felt the need to share what an amazing dinner we had.  The service is wonderful and very attentive.  They have a great wine list and the food selection is great.  I highly recommend trying the signature chopped salad.  Can't wait to to back!
2	The food was slightly better than average. Gnocchi was made even better with eggplant croutons and ordered mushrooms to add to it as well. Lobster ravioli was good but a Tad on the fishy flavor side which I enjoyed but my date didn't care for it much. No cocktail menu. No music...could hear kitchen noises clearly. Service was average at best, with our server not listening to our orders and doing things his way. Spinach salad had tasteless pear rinds and prosciutto was salty and too crispy. Gelatto and sorbets were really good.Overall it seemed it was reheated frozen entrees, and not even done as well as olive garden. The atmosphere was nice, but resembles the dining room on a cruise ship.
1	Totally mediocre food.  Went for a work event so don't know exactly what it cost but I'm guessing we paid about $100 per person.  My meal included bruschetta which was so bad, a lobster ravioli which was blah, a salad which was actually pretty good but was so light on dressing we had to have more brought out.  I choose chicken rolvitini for dinner which came with 1 baby roasted potato and was blah.  For dessert they served a molten chocolate cake which came out cold????  The best part of the meal was the wine because our planner had picked one of my favorites!
3	After reading the Yelp reviews, I was hesitant to eat here. However I wanted to stay in my hotel and was doing the Vegas half, so I was feeling like some pasta was in order.Service was hit and miss. When I had the attention of the waitress, she was fabulous. However I did have to continually give discreet waves for things.They mixed up my dishes and somehow my ravioli ended up being lobster. The waitress doubted me but immediately offered to replace it. I ended up with homemade pasta that was amazing. It was one of the specials and the noodles were well-made and prepared.The wine was another story. I know my wines pretty well and am still not convinced I had a 2007 Zinfandel from Paso Robles. I didn't get that replaced but it wasn't like I had been drinking all day. I was not impressed. And the cheap wine glass did not improve the experience. For a restaurant that offers wine maker dinners, I would expect more.
2	I had Spiedini bookmarked for forever, so when we decided to do Valentine's Day dinner close to home, it was a no-brainer.  I emailed to make reservations the weekend before (which I thought might be a little late) - and breathed a sigh of relief when I got an email back saying we were in!  We arrived at about 10 minutes prior to our reservation time and there was already a line out the door.  The hostess station was set up so that the hostesses were facing INTO the restaurant, not out to the arriving patrons - which was kind of a pain.  We had to push past all the people that were waiting for tables and enter the restaurant in order to let them know we were there.  There were at least 3 hostesses working the station - and we checked in with two of them. They said it would be a few minutes. We waited, saw a large party that had arrived before us get seated - good!  Everything is moving along!  We just had to wait for three more couples to be seated and we'd be in!  Then a party of two that were a walk-in got seated.  We checked in again at the hostess station to make sure they hadn't forgotten us.  When the hostesses made like they were going to seat another party that had arrived after us - another couple that had been waiting as well stepped in and got pretty testy with them. That couple were immediately seated. A half-hour after our reservation time, we checked in for a third time and were finally granted a table.The restaurant was obviously way over-booked - and the wait staff were apologizing left and right for that (even though it wasn't their fault). They alone saved this review from being a one star. We ordered off of the Valentine's Day prix fixe menu and ordered a bottle of really inexpensive but wonderful sparkling wine. The Roasted beet salad was terrific, the grilled salmon solidly done and the berry shortcake for dessert was good too. I'd be willing to give Spiedini another try on a less busy holiday based on the quality of the food alone. The courses came out of the kitchen S.L.O.W.L.Y - which I wouldn't have minded so much if I hadn't planned on getting up at 5:30 the next morning for a trip out of town. Two and a half hours after our reservation time, we got up to pay the bill. I was looking forward to raving about this experience - but the anarchic hostess station, the over-booked status of the restaurant and the overwhelmed kitchen unfortunately put a damper on the the whole meal.  Kudos to the wait staff for being so nice and professional under pressure - we tipped them well because we felt so bad for them.
5	Just got here...ill be back to tell you all about it...What a great dinner this was, cucumber shrimp risotto, braised short ribs and a sampler dessert...tiramisu, canoli and brownie! I left full and completely satisfied. The risotto was one of the best dishes I have ever had. I would recommend Spiedini to anyone in the Vegas area...I will definitely be a return customer!
4	I have been to this restaurant a few times over the past 15 years.  I remember back in it's hay day when it was one of the few fine dining options in Summerlin and this place was packed....  It deserves to still be packed in my opinion.  The food is excellent, the service is great, the wine list is reasonable and broad enough to please most, if not all palates. So let's start at the beginning...   Bread basket is fair, good, but no variety.  Had a lovely Belvedere Dirty Martini to start and it was well made.  We moved on to Aranici which was a special app and YUMMO! flavors were great, sauce was fresh.  I then had the half spinach salad, really good but HUGE only hate half the half lol.  We had a nice bottle of proseco with the meal, there was only one option by the bottle which was fine.  I then had the straw and hay, delicious but highly fililng, but my goodness there is something about fresh pees with cream sauce and pasta that simply makes me happy.  We finished with their dessert trio (which you can completely customize, just ask) we had the Tiramisu, Chocolate Cake and the creme brulee, I am not a Creme Brulee but the rest was awesome.  Coffee was fabulous italian coffee and they bring an entire carafe to your table.  The restaurant is beautiful, food is really good and service is great, I would highly recommend this place.  It is fairly bleak though as this hotel does not have much of a night life.  If the same restaurant was on the strip it would be packed I am convinced.
2	My wife and I went here on date night, late on Thursday night. It was just us and another couple in the whole restaurant, so we were seated immediately. The restaurant decor is nice and the hostess was pleasant. We were almost immediately greeted by our server Marc, but that was it for about ten minutes.When he returned, my wife ordered "red wine blend" directly off the wine menu. The waiter seemed confused, and ask us which one. Again, my wife said "red win blend" which was EXACTLY as it was written on the menu. He said what? I then took the menu from my wife and pointed my finger at the line on the menu. The waiter then says, oh sorry I can't read that, I don't have my glassed on. WTF? Anyway, that is about how it went with the waiter for the rest of the night. He was very snobbish and really didn't do anything for us besides take our order. The bussers did all the heavy lifting.I ordered ribeye ($28) that was good, but not great. Wife got chicken parmigiana ($20) thet was good, but not great. Appetizer bread was plain, had to ask for more basalmic vinegar jsut to get some flavor on it. Food reminds me a lot of standard italian fare (olive garden, macaroni grill, etc.). Certianly not worth the price.Our fabulous waiter Marc did add 18% gratutity on it to final bill for us since we were using a restaurant.com voucher. He probably realized that he was not going to get anywhere near that from us. I thought about complaining but we just wanted to get out of there since he took so long to get us the check to begin with.Bottom line, is skip this place. It is way over-priced, even if the service was good. Just not worth it for ordinary italian food. We will not return there.
2	Was there at 7:45 last Saturday night.  Dinner was over and served within 45 minutes.  Not what I was looking for on a lazy date night. Received salad before appetizer was finished, bottle of wine served after salad was served, and received entree before done with salad.  The chopped salad everyone has raved about on yelp, I found to be bland.  My shrimp scampi, bland and veins left in shrimp.  My husband had a special that included scallops.  I took one bite and was turned off by the sand.  For dessert creme brulee, cold and burnt crust.  When the waiter noticed I didn't eat it he sent the manager over.  We were comped the bottle of wine, but that didn't make the whole experience feel any better.  Didn't help that when we were in the elevator on the way up another couple said oh we skipped that place have heard it's not very good.
3	I've used this restaurant for large dinner parties that were held in their private dining room and they have all been A+ experiences.   This time I made a reservation for 2 in the dining room for a happy birthday dinner.  The restaurant was full and busy and we were seated upon arrival.  Our drink orders were taken promptly but then we waited....Our waitress took our salad and entree orders and the salad arrived pretty quickly.  She was also assigned to a 10 top table that the chef/owner was hosting so we were ignored by her for the rest of dinner.  We had to flag down the bus person for water refills, asked for additional bread while we waited for our entrees, another request for water refills and a final request for the check.  The food was okay - I had angel hair with tomato sauce and husband had gnocchi.  Both were good portions and served steaming hot.
2	Food was only okay for price. We showed up with a party of 8 with no reservation but they took us since it was not busy at all. I rarely ever complain, and I have never had to talk to a manager before. Our waitress was the most rude one you can imagine. She got flustered and uppity when we asked her a few questions about the menu. The whole night was horrible because of just her. I finally had to talk to the manager because she barked at us for asking her to split the check. The manager seemed to try to appease us but only because she felt she had too, not because she felt bad. I will go so far as to tell people not to go there explicitly.
2	Not sure HOW this restaurant won a Best of Las Vegas award!  Service was spotty at best and food was second rate.  Tasted more like a banquet than a best in class restaurant!  Soggy calamari misto, bland and dry pork loin - the only thing that was even remotely decent was the wine!  Definitely will not be back for another go round!
2	Food was blah service was great. The gnocchi with filet tips was fatty and tasted old the gnocchi was over cooked. Risotto balls were similar to something in the frozen food isle. The couple next to me sent everything back to the kitchen.
4	We have been to Spiedini previously but this is my first review. The location is in the JW Marriott Resort down a long hallway from the casino. If you valet or park in the garage the walk takes you through the casino and all the smoke. An option would be to Self Park in the outside lot and enter through one of the doors toward the rear of the resort. Not easy to find unless you are familiar with resort. We were seated upon arrival which was five minutes before our reservation time. The dining room is beautiful and brightly lit with colorful lamps. Request a window table to enjoy the lush landscaping. Patio dining is also available. A glance around the room revealed that the restaurant seems to be favored by seniors.Service was on point with the bread basket and water delivered immediately after being seated. Our server was helpful and friendly. The Wild Alaskan Halibut was excellent. It was pan fried and served with garlic mashed potatoes and spinach. The Filet Mignon was tender and cooked as requested. The steak was served with potatoes and grilled asparagus. The wine list has a wide selection and is reasonably priced.
1	Mediocre food that would benefit tremendously from paying attention to seasoning. They can and should do better, as Gordon Ramsay says "Taste Your Food"! That could help prevent the bland dishes we experienced at this cute restaurant at a lovely resort.
1	Tried this for Thanksgiving dinner.Server got order completely wrong, dinner was rushed. Food just okay.Completely and thoroughly disappointed.
2	I was underwhelmed by the food. Ordered the bruschetta for the table. I thought that they were creative with this, but didn't execute it well: there were two types: one with tomatoes and a second with eggplant. The eggplant was a bit bland. It might have been more flavorful had they roasted the eggplant, perhaps? For my entree, I ordered the ricotta spinach gnocchi. The gnocchi tasted just like regular gnocchi - couldn't detect the spinach. The tomato sauce was average...the eggplant crutons were clever, but ultimately didn't quite have the wow factor. I felt like that sauce could have come out of a bottle...And there was a bit too much of the blah sauce.
5	My wife and I had our New Years Eve diner here and we were surprised to find a great restaurant. Great decor good for both intimate dining and business diners. Food was excellent service was great, prices were fine. It's located in he JW Marriott in Summerlin and has great parking. I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Osso.  Bucco.  They should change the name, rip out the 90's decor and just serve this.  The House of Osso Bucco would be a five star establishment in my book.  (What I'm trying to say is that this locals casino restaurant serves really freaking good osso bucco.)
5	Service, good. Food quality fair. Up charged me on the bill. With all the restaurants there are many better opportunities pricewise & food quality. My experiences have all been excellent. Thanks to all the hard working staff. The lamb chops & chopped salad are my favorites.
5	Honestly, Yelpers, I'm beginning to get really annoyed with members leaving harsh reviews/low ratings for places that have good food, (and conversely 5 stars for something truly terrible like the casino buffet in the JW Marriott where I'm currently staying). Spiedini (also in the Marriott) deserves much better than its current 3 star overall rating. I'd say that most dishes are 4 star worthy and a few 5 stars, so I'm giving 5 stars because it should be bumped up. My husband and I have dined here 4 times in the past year, and tried a variety of dishes. Our favorites include the halibut with capers and tomato (superb, moist), the gorgonzola crusted rib eye (freaking yummy), the osso bucco (very, very good), the saltimbocca chicken (super tasty), the fresh beet salad, and the beef carpaccio. Also very good was the lobster risotto (huge chunks of lobster), the cioppino (delicious), the spinach salad with pear, blue cheese and walnuts, the arancini risotto balls, and the house chop salad.  The atmosphere is nice as well. It is the only Marriott restaurant we return to every time we stay here.
1	If you don't want to read the rest of this review then just read this: spend your time and money elsewhere! Tried this place out after all the mixed yelp reviews with an optimistic outlook. Sadly, my boyfriend and I were more than disappointed, we were embarrassed. We are both in the industry and try to be forgiving, but I honestly wish I had picked a different place to "treat" him. Service was the absolute worst, with the exception of the assistant server, or possibly busser that offered the most presence at our table. He earns the star. OH, and the lovely hostess in the front, girl has potential for a much better restaurant,  what a warm first impression! Our actual server forgot our drinks, which we didn't get until the main course, and we foolishly ordered 3 (appetizer, salad, main), which was the only course in which he happened to check back on us. As he had been taking our order, the manager was so unprofessional, he walked up behind him to tell him something as we're trying to order! The food was bland and tired: fried calamari,  sad salads not worth mentioning, I got a ravioli dish that I'd rather forget,  and the osso bucco that my boyfriend ordered may have been good, but I honestly can't remember beyond the rest of the experience. I always feel such guilt after leaving a bad review, but I wish I had gone somewhere else.
5	A delightful experience. The young lady Lily at the front was genuinely pleasant. The wait staff was extremely attentive. The food was outstanding. Chef Gustav stopped by our table to catch up with us as it had been a while since we were last there. Highly recommended the restaurant.Food and service was definitely 5+ stars. Restaurant is in the JW Marriott hotel in Summerlin. Park around the back of the hotel for quick access to Spiedinis.
3	We went her for our anniversary dinner. Hostess and waiter were both wonderful.Bread and olive oil for dipping were below average.We ordered 2 appetizers. Beef carpaccio and fried calamari. Both average.My husband had the ribeye and I had the filet mignon. He ordered his medium rare and I ordered medium well. Thy both came out medium. I sent mine back and it still came back bloody.
5	This is a very good Italian restaurant in Summerlin.  Best restaurant in the Rampart Casino.  Ambience, food and service are first class.  Gr8 appetizers and a chopped salad to die for.  Fantastic pasta and fish and meat dishes.  Olive oil for dipping bread was bland but overall this restaurant is a bargain for the gourmet dishes they graciously serve.  Desserts rock too.
5	Excellent meal.  The GM came by several times to check on us.  Wait staff was 5*   not a crack in the armor here.  Youd be a fool to pass this up.  If it was on the strip it'd be a hit with long lines.  Its isolated out here and clearly underappreciated in the JW. We let the waiter recommend what to eat and he was right on!!!
5	My husband and I hosted our son's Rehearsal dinner at Spiedini's.  I worked with Tonya to plan the event.  She was delightful and very organized.  The evening was so wonderful.  I had nothing but rave reviews for the food and service from all of our family.  There were 60 of us, so that is high praise.  The Chef, Gustav Mauler, was terrific and was on site to keep things going smoothly.  I recommend them to anyone looking for a wonderful evening and great food!
5	Excellent Italian restaurant in Summerlin.  Almost a hidden secret, located in the Rampart Casino (you can enter directly from the parking lot facing Summerlin Parkway to avoid walking thru the casino).  Great food, outstanding staff, and excellent wine list.  European decor (the restaurant interior reminds you of fine restaurants in Austria or Switzerland).. We had Chicken Parm, Caesar Salads, Lasagna, Gnocci, and a Spiedini sampler dessert (shared at table)..
5	first check in here but it's been a favorite for years. Lots of home made pasta. The home made gelatto is amazing too.
5	Being a foodie myself and running a half assed food blog, I know good food when I see it. I got the braised veal, and it was nothing short of amazing. Service was on point, food was amazing and I'm very impressed with my overall experience. Having two bad experiences from other food places in this casino I had reservation over eating here, but saw it was zagat rated, it has to be better than most.Impressive food and good atmosphere, plain and simple.
