5	I hate going to the post office, but going to Green Planet Postal isn't at all the same thing. It is small, the longest line tends to be 3 people long, they have songbirds to amuse you, and they are very friendly. They do USPS, UPS, FED-ex; they have a photocopier; they offer P.O. boxes, and they sell some "envelope stuffer" kind of things including organic soap and greeting cards. And if you ride your bike there and wheel it inside with you, instead of looking at you like you're crazy, they tell you what a cool cruiser you have.  I know I'm going to sound cheesy when I say this, but this place really makes my life better.
1	This place is extremely inefficient and will try to rip you off if you do not have a general familiarity with postal/UPS/FedEx rates.The previous reviewer said that the longest line in this place is 3 people, however that's the equivalent to 10 at a post office. GPP takes what you want to mail and puts the return address info, as well as the person's info where it is going, into their computer--for each package or envelope one mails. It is an extreme waste of time. I've still yet to get a good answer as to why they need to input all that info into their computer.Also, their rates are extremely higher than the Post Office or even card stores that do mailings. They sell flat rate boxes for approximately $2 more than it costs to ship in elsewhere. I recently sent a package out to NY for $8 and when I went in this week to send the same item in the same envelope to LA I was quoted $6 higher. Once again, I was not given a respectable answer why.I went to a Mesa card store and it was once again $8.I asked if the postal rates went up from last week to this week  and the clueless woman behind the counter (who had just told a customer before me that rates were going up again in May) said "I don't know."How you can work in a postal facility and have no idea what basic packages cost to send to certain areas of the country blows my mind.I even asked if the scale was calibrated properly and I was told it was, but I once mailed something there where the price ended in .02?Nothing in mailing ends in .02 and that should have been a red flag to the employee, but clearly it wasn't. The Better Business Bureau should check this place out. The only good thing about this place is that you could park in front of the door because hardly anyone goes in there. I found out the hard way why. Oh, they also do FedEx, however they cannot print out pre-paid labels if you walk in with an authorization number and you'll be sent elsewhere. Extremely inefficient, poor communication skills and crooked in the way it does business. I tried to give it zero stars and the Yelp system wouldn't let me. One is too generous.
5	Green Planet Postal is FABulous.  I love that they will help wrap - and wrap carefully! - make sure package contents are protected and secure, box and tape everything up, and help select the best postal or other rate.  They always ask if you need additional insurance on packages, and if you just walk in with something intended for USPS, they don't complain that you're not using their services.  PLUS their new space at McClintock and Southern is full of good energy.  Greg and Pascha are professional and friendly, too.  This is a great addition to our neighborhood business services!
5	Great service!!!! Will be back!!!
5	When I needed to send a large antique glass lamp overseas, the helpful and professional folks at Green Planet found me a relatively inexpensive shipping method (about 80% less than DHL or FedEx), and packed the item so it arrived completely unharmed. Well done!
5	This place used to be close to my house and was sad when they moved. I went there today and had the best experience, so good that I decided to write this review. I was so appreciative of the great customer service since last week at the post office I had the worst experience ever. I'd rather pay the extra couple bucks to actually be helped. At the post office they made me feel like I was "bothering' them, they didn't have a marker that worked, and made me buy the tape I needed to seal my box before shipping it out. Here at Green Planet not only was the guy assisting me nice but he was happy helping me find the cheapest selection for my package, taped up my box for me (at not extra charge), and had me on my way in like 5 minutes. In the future when I need to send anything out I will dive the extra few miles and pay the extra few bucks, it's worth it for me.
5	Cannot say enough about the great service i received at this place.  They really helped me get the absolute lowest price to ship my packages across the country.  They were very helpful, patient and available for me.  They are reliable, hardworking and I highly recommend Green Planet Postal.
4	Friendly employees, and they are the closest shipping place to me that will ship FedEx packages. They have late pick up times (5:30 P.M.) for FedEx, although last time I rushed over to drop off a package before 5:30 the FedEx person had already come by. The employee was nice though, and directed me to the official FedEx station where I could drop it off before 6.
