2	So it's just a McDonald's.  So what?  Well, unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) the are not all created equal.  I have been to this location several times.  The staff is friendly for a McDonald's, but I would say it takes roughly twice as long to get my food as it does at other locations.  I don't think I have ever received my food where there wasn't at least something left off of my tray, like a drink, or french fries.  There are so many McDonald's to choose from surrounding this one, I might keep on driving an extra mile or so and visit another location.
2	Fast drive-thru, slow service inside.  Hardly any counterspace inside, as though they really just have this place for the drive thru customers.  Food same as any other McDonalds.
1	Let's face it, McDonald's isn't exactly gourmet fast food, but at least it's fast, right? Wrong! This location blows. The drive thru is unbelievably slow. Worse, I'm not sure what I just ate; the first bite of that Egg McMuffin tasted like dish soap, and it was cold! I might also make one suggestion. It might behoove the owner/operator to have a person who speaks English working the drive thru.
1	This is the worst Mcdonalds ever the manger looks like a fucking creep and there service is slow... They forgot my ranch and made my plain Mcdouble with extra ketchup.
1	Well after a long 14 HR. Day at work I wanted to grab something fast and easy...  well not fast at all in fact a little over 10 min just to get too the food.  I can handle that. But when I went home too eat my food there was hair.  I called the manager to confront her about it...  the answer I got was I don't know how that happened. We don't have anyone with long hair working the grill. I was offered to have the food remade but between the wait,  hair,  and being questioned. I don't want it remade...  I feel bad giving this place one star
1	Absolutely terrible customer service!!!! The drive thru is not only slow, but Ariana the lady working drive thru tonight didn't say a word to me as she only took my money and gave me my smoothie. Not even a simple "thank you". So I (sarcastically) said "You're welcome!!" And her response was (with an attitude) "I don't have to say thank-you to nobody". I tried calling the store to complain about her attitude & the store manager Josh did nothing but argue with me & REFUSED to give me corporates number. Absolutely ridiculous. Never going there again.  Doesn't even deserve one star.
5	Easy drive through visit.  Fast service and exactly as ordered. I got a double cheeseburger with only ketchup. It was prepared correctly, and tasted as expected.
4	The drive through time really depends on the time of day.  Sometimes it's very fast other times not so much. I usually am happy with my orders here.
