4	I've been to the lanuch buffet twice since this restaurant opened a few weeks ago and am quite impressed. It's a small space so their buffet is fairly limited, but everything on it is of very high quality - significantly better than any other Indian place in Oakland. Highlights include perfectly fluffy naan, moist and flavorful tandoori chicken, and a very bold chicken tikka masala. Owners/staff are very friendly. My one complaint is that they don't warm the food very well, and some of the items get cold during slow periods. Still, for $7 you can't find a better lanuch.
5	The $6.99 lunch buffet is an awesome deal, as the food was some of the best Indian we've had in Pittsburgh.
5	I absolutely love this new place. It is the best Indian food I have had in Pittsburgh by far and the staff is extremely friendly. Cute little place and very welcoming. Would highly suggest!!!
5	My girlfriend and I had been planning on going to an Indian restaurant nearby this establishment, though after finding out it was closed we walked a short distance and decided to try this place. It was just opening up for dinner, so the service getting the food was a little slow, though all other aspects of the service was immaculate. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was terrific. The prices for some menu items were a little high, though well worth it (in my opinion).  If you're in the mood for Indian food I suggest this place highly.
5	(Dinner experience) I passed this place by many many times. What drew me in initially was "15% off dinner for students"; sounds pretty good for a med student elbow deep with student loan ( I think I also hesitated initially because the prior restaurants  this area did not have best track records...) Anyways, It turns out that I have been missing out BIG time. When you walk in, expect nothing from decor. This is south Oakland. No finger prints on the cup, and clean utensils, that's all I cared. I was greeted by the owner/server who was very kind and very attentive. He did not speak good English, but who cares when you know he cares. Items on the menu were pretty cheap for dinner (~10). I ordered chicken tikka malsala and fish curry. Both of them were excellent. I am no food critic but I've tried many meh indian food  (including "Prince of...ehem") and, there was something about the way they cook their dish that was different. I was very impressed esp with their tikka. Oh, I ordered spicy level 8 for tikka, 7 for fish curry. They were not spicy at all, and I didn't complain. This place has food thats a level above, and not one of your shitty college neighborhood food shacks. This little joint made me a very happy person tonight. I will be back for lunch buffet or to try different menu for dinner many more times.
5	Chicken Korma Curry -AMAZING flavor!  Stopped in for a quick lunch and had Korma Curry on our mind.  The buffet looked wonderful - seven days a week til 4:00 for $7.99 - will try next time!
5	We stumbled upon this wonderful little Indian restaurant last night.  Although they do not advertise their restaurant as a byob, they allowed us to bring a bottle of wine and did not charge a corking feel.  The waiter was extremely attentive and helpful.  Everything that we ordered was cooked to perfection!  We started off with the chicken samosa and the garlic shrimp and they were both delicious.  We ordered the special bread basket which is a combination of three breads. All three of them were great; however, we particularly enjoyed the garlic naan. I ordered the shrimp tikka masala with a spice level of 3 and thought is was delicious, my husband ordered the lamb kadahai with a spice level of 4 and also loved it.  Our friends were also pleased with their choices. After dinner we shared the rice adding and the gulab jaman.  It was a perfect ending to a fabulous meal.  The biggest complement came from my husband who has been to India several times.  He said it was the most authentic Indian food he has experienced outside of India.
5	The food was amazing, and it's reasonably priced.  Friendly service, plus a complimentary cup of tea at the end of the meal makes this place an easy 5-stars for me.
5	We stopped in around 5:00 or 6:00 on a Monday evening, not exactly peak hours. The place was empty, but we were greeted very warmly.The seating is cozy, and the decor is basic. There is Indian music and it's not too loud. So the ambiance is very simple (which is just fine!).We ordered the Chicken Tikka (spice level 2) and the Chicken Vindaloo (spice level 7) with a side of naan. The wait was pretty quick, 10 or 20 minutes. The service was consistently friendly. And the food was DELICIOUS.The spice levels were right on and the flavors were fabulous. The portions were fantastic for the price ($9 for what could easily be two meals worth of chicken vindaloo). And oh the fluffy, delicious naan!At the end of our meal, we were given complimentary masala tea. I don't know if this is standard at all, but it was a nice touch to be sure.In short, it was worth twice as much as we paid and definitely our new favorite Indian spot.
