2	Wow, it seems like Taco Bell in Arizona has a full beer, wine, and liquor license!
3	First off, I'm surprised (and a bit disappointed!) that I'm not the first to review this place. I was sure no one would have taken the time to review this restaurant/bar inside Terminal 4 of the Phoenix airport!Well, that being said, it's certainly not worth more than 3 minutes of my time, so I'm going to force myself to keep this short (in fact, I've got the timer going as we speak!). The decor inside this place is surprisingly attractive for an airport restaurant and I especially liked all of the mosaic and tile work. The server was efficient and friendly and took our order quickly. The Bloody Mary we had wasn't anything spectacular but was definitely spicy enough and mixed well. The "Mexican Pizza" we ordered (in large part because the server said it was "really amazing") was not actually amazing--however, it was a really large portion for the $7 or so we paid and would be a great thing to split if you're looking to have a quick, cheap meal in the airport that's a notch above the fast food options. If I owned this place, though, I'd definitely change the slogan, which says something about "inventive" Mexican food. From a look at the menu and the dish we tried, the food is pretty standard. They'd be better off marketing themselves as a nicer sit-down alternative to the other choices in Terminal 4. Done!
2	I just missed breakfast but I wasn't overly disappointed. I was disappointed, however, when my burrito arrived feigning lukewarmness. The waiter was very friendly without being annoying. The decor was nice and there are a few spots with electric for your laptop. The food is nothing to crave but it's edible and in an interesting locale. It works.. but just barely.
3	Interesting reviews.  Let's remember that this is Mexican food - in an airport.  It's not even a real airport, it's Sky Harbor in Phoenix, so it is basically a small step over white collar prison.  1.  LOCATION.  It is one of the two A terminals (again, it's PHX) between gates 20 and 22.2.  FOOD.  It serves Mexican food.  You can buy it from one side as take out, or you can sit on the other side, pay the same amount and have someone bring it to you AND be able to buy alcohol.  Option 2 seems like the easy choice.3.  QUESADILLAS.  I got the blue corn quesadillas and they were pretty good.  It is hard to mess up such an easy meal, but it was good.  The guacamole was actually fresh.4.  MARGARITA.  It was 10 AM.  I'd been traveling for 4 hours already, and it tasted pretty good.  The bar was low, but that's okay.I liked it.  I'll go back.
1	DONT ORDER an Ice Tea, they charge you almost $5.00.  And they don't give you a choice, that's it!!!  And they are very rude about it!!!! Paula, my server, was very short and didn't give me the option to order something else.Do you think everyone wants to pay $5 for ICE TEA?  Come on...
1	$12 margarita made with Jose Cuervo.... don't waste your time.
2	It's really not that great of a place - but once you're past security in this terminal, there really aren't any other choices.  If you come anytime during airport "rush hour", you'll be hard-pressed to find a place to sit, and your service will be slow as there's usually only one waiter/waitress working the floor.The drinks are just fine, and the margaritas are above average (cost way above average), but the food sucks.  I've had their burrito, tacos, and their mexican pizza before.  Not great.  I'd recommend hitting the Wendy's across the walkway first, then bring it into TdT and order a beer.
3	A note on context: I arrived into terminal 3 at 10pm hungry and looking at a 12:50am flight to the east coast, so I was none too picky.That said, the service was fast even as the staff was clearly closing down for the night (seems like it closes right around 10pm with some slight leeway). There was only a limited menu available, so I had the shredded chicken burrito, which came with nachos, and two large Sam Adams. The burrito was fine, neither wonderful nor terrible, and the chips were fine though sans salsa, which was a bummer. The draft beer was middle of the line, no complaints.My bill was $21, each item being about $7 each, which isn't bad at all for a sit-down airport restauarant. If you enjoy lounging before a flight, this restaurant is cheaper than an airport Chili's and has mutliple TVs with different sports channels on, so not bad for the traveler on the go in Phoenix.
3	I hit this place up in hour 2 of my 5 hour wait for my flight and ordered the quesadilla.  Came with nacho chips, salsa, guac, and sour cream.  Everything was GOOD.  My final bill was under 10 bucks (I didn't get a beer or anything) and I left very satisfied.Perhaps my favorite part of the establishment was the staff.  The bartender was very nice and outgoing.  We talked sports and stuff.  He's probably used to making small talk with all sorts of weary travelers.  Anyways, it was appreciated.
4	I'm giving four stars, but this is relative to other airport bars. The servers are always nice here and the margaritas are intoxicating. The nachos are edible. It's an airport. What do you want?
3	I just spent 8 days in Florida.  I have had a total of 2 drinks in the past 8 days.  This kookie tequila bar in the middle of the C terminal in Phoenix is like my mirage in the dessert.  Only when I walked in, it did not disappear.  I'm two double gin and tonics down, and I have plenty of time before my next flight.  Maybe it's the gin talking, but these are some damned fine nachos.  Damned.  Fine.  And the bartender?  Even finer...though he has me on an auto re-up system with these G&T's, so again, it could be the gin talking.I would come back here in a heart beat the next time I'm in Phoenix.  Damned.  Fine.
2	A friendly waitress with a smile gives it a second star.   It's hard to be real in a airport... But at least pretend to serve warm wood.
3	Nachos,not bad. I was advised not to order the chicken. So pork it was. Beer is cold and glass is clean. Shot of Jameson to round out the meal. Overall good indeed.
1	Had to get a bite before my flight and my choices were the taco bar here or Burger King and Pizza Hut. I figured I could get a decent taco in Phoenix, and even then I wasn't expecting much. Turns out I should have went with the fast-food chains. The tacos here were terrible, both steak and chicken had no flavor at all, and the tortilla was like a piece of cardboard. I know this is airport food, but come on people make an effort.Couldn't even finish them.
1	ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTINGToo bad I cannot give this less than one star.  I remember a much better eating experience a year ago before a flight and now I wonder if they were using the same stock of food from a year ago!Service was awful.  We didn't even get our sodas until about 15 minutes after ordering them.  I ordered the chips+salsa and the veggie tacos.  I think they dump the chips in the trash and serve the bag cut up to look like chips instead.  No flavor, no salt, stale - come on at least heat them up to fool me!  The salsa is 'charred tomato' and it was cold as ice with once again no flavor.  I take that back, it did taste like the inside of a can of tomatoes.The server said the veggie tacos come with a side of rice and black beans.   What I did not realize was that the taco 'shells' themselves were silver dollar flat cold 'patties' that looked like someone took instant grits and formed pancakes.  The veggies appeared to be pulled out of someone else's order and it was apparent they dont clean their grill.  Oh and lets not forget the scoop of mush they called rice.  Those black beans, well yes there were some - exactly 9.  Yes, nine whole black beans on TOP of my rice.  This left a huge empty space on my plate which was instead occupied by a small plastic container of more ice cold salsa.   I was begging for salt, pepper, dust, sand - anything to add some flavor to the meal that tasted like crushed ice made from dirty water.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!
1	Zero stars.   Manager was an awful, miserable human being.  People at the bar asked if the audio to President Obama's speech could Be turned on.   She said no because apparently, the most significant presidential speech since 9/11 was "too political".    A few minutes later, one of te waitresses asked her to change one of the other TV's to cnn somewhere else in the restaurant because a customer requested to.  She barked back at the waitress "no, it's on enough TVs.  Tell them to move".  What kind of customer service is it to tell someone to pick up their entire meal and luggage to move?   I am soo glad this happened before I ordered my food.
3	A good place to kill time at the bar watching sports. If your hungry they serve select items from the Blue Burrito menu. Not bad but not the best. What do you expect in an airport though? Service has always been prompt and they dish out a good spicy bloody marie at your request.Airport pricing of course...
2	Despite not being Federal employees in any way, Memorial Day seems to be a time when restaurateurs think they deserve a day off, leaving me with few actual lunch options and relegating me to the worst of the worst: Eating. In an AIRPORT RESTAURANT.Turns out that Taberna wasn't actually as bad as all that - the bar is nice to spend a few hours waiting for your flight, and the titular Blue Burrito - despite not being blue in any way, shape or form - wasn't too bad by fast food standards, and quite plentiful for the $8 I spent on it. And if you don't like it, you can cover it with Cholula, close your eyes, and pretend you're eating somewhere better.
1	Terrible place to eat, food came out cold so I sent it back and canceled my order.  When the waitress came back she brought my tab for the club soda I drank while waiting for the food and walked away without saying a word.  Bad food, poor service and poor managment, go to burger king, at least your expectations will be met.
5	So, we are waiting for a flight at 8AM and having a breakfast burrito at Blue Burrito (connected to Taberna del Tequila at Sky Harbor Airport) and I was complaining to my boyfriend that they don't give out their really good hot sauce anymore - instead they give Tapatio (sucks).   The guy sitting next to us (Roger) works at Taberna del Tequila and he got up and went to the restaurant and brought us some!  Went out of his way to make sure we were good and it wasn't even something we bought at the restaurant!   Needless to say, over and above.  Thanks, Roger!
3	Pretty good for a quick bite at the airport. Ask your server about drink specials. "Would you like to add a shot to your beer for $4?"... Why yes I would.
4	mushroom tacos were delicious! staff was VERY attentive and nice. margaritas weren't strong enough, just too sweet.
2	This is airport food so I did not have very high expectations. It is OK and the beer was cold but the food is definitely mediocre. Service was friendly and efficient so no quibble there. I ordered the  blue corn quesadillas and a Fat Tire beer. Let me just say the fact they had Fat Tire on tap helped boost the star up to a 2. The blue corn tortillas were nice and warm but rubbery. The chicken, while slightly flavorful, was dried out. The cheese and vegetables were very skimpy. The guacamole and sour cream served on the side were a necessary addition to help the palatableness of the dish. The service was pleasant and attentive so that also helped pull it off the dreaded one star rating. The food is pricy for the quality - $20. Again this was not unexpected as it is an airport food place and they do have a captive audience. It is an OK alternative to the usual fast food and it is a sit down waiter serves you type of place. Always welcome while in limbo.
2	This waiter was rude and didnt even care about our service. was off on his cell phone most of the time... I guess this is what you get for pretty much the only restaurant in the airport.The Banana Margarita was actually really good.
2	Grab a fruit parfait at one of the satellite food places or something and spare yourself. Sure, airport food is usually not super-great and my expectations were adjusted accordingly...but I HAVE had good quesadillas at airport spots before. Heck, a Chili's does a better job than this place. The quesadilla was greasy even for a quesadilla. I had instant food regret as my stomach attempted to run away from its impending doom. You get about 6 chips with your order and absolutely nothing hints at freshness--the pico de gallo is in its own neat little container that it's been living in for quite some time. Dang, man, would some lettuce or a freshly chopped tomato kill you? The service was really good though; our waiter was friendly and prompt and awesome. The food was not his fault.
2	If you find yourself on a frontier or delta flight, AND you'd really like an overpriced ticket to intestinal distress HAVE I GOT THE SPOT FOR YOU!My shrimp salad gets a two word review - "Sh*t Salad"Horrifyingly bad food, syrupy sweet margaritas, and "What did I do in my previous life to deserve this" service.  One extra star because it's the only booze game on this side of the airport.
1	My lunch of chimi came out cold. The bar tender was great and ordered it again. The he gave me a free drink.  I was there over an hot and my second lunch of chimi came out and it was colder than the first. The bar tender did not want to charge me for anything and did an amazing job.I made him charge me for something so I could tip him as I did not have cash. This was by far the best bar tender, worst food experience of my life.I hope the bar tender working on September 20th at 3 pm finds a new job. And I hope the delta terminal gets and new restaurant!This place was a disgrace!
5	Awesome service from Jen. On this busy holiday travel day she was cheerful, friendly, and quick with drink and menu suggestions. Food was great, wine cold, everything came promptly. The other server and the bartender also seemed  upbeat and friendly. Great experience today.
3	Saw nasty reviews, but had to eat before a long flight and figured I would find out for myself. I think 2.5 stars would be ideal, because there isn't anything special here besides the fact that it has no competition other than Starbucks.Sat down, was greeted cooly by the bartender (David) and I asked for a menu. Had him recommend a beer and a meal. He chose carnitas tacos and named some beers. Asked if I could get veggies or fruit instead of beans and rice, so he said he could get me chips and salsa.Food was hot and seemed all in order, just nothing really delicious or unique. Bland and generic, so that's the 2.5 stars out of 5. The staff seem a little more concerned with hanging out than working, and you can't get breakfast for lunch (why?) after 10:30am I believe.I suppose if you have prime real estate, you don't have to shine too brightly. I Would try to eat before security next time, but had no real issues with this place other than disappointment that a passionate company isn't setting up shop here in Terminal 3 :/
1	Pretty horrible. Service was fine but food was terrible. Food on the plane would have been better - cold tacos, stale chips.  The flavor was also not that great. Minimal food options.
2	Had an hour to kill before boarding, and this was the closest to our gate. Sat down for a drink and tried to order and appetizer (chips with queso) but they were out of it. So we settled for the chips with green salsa, yet it came out with two tiny plastic containers (like the kind you get from a taco shop you only go to after 2am) of salsa, one red and one green. Chips were cold and stale...and they cost $4.99. There was one waitress for the entire restaurant. Granted, it was 10pm, however, it was so packed we got the last table! She was definitely rushed but not her fault. We didn't try any other food, so not sure how it is! I would recommend trying another restaurant in the terminal!
2	Food was bland and terrible. I give it 2 stars only because service was good and attentive.  I get it, it's airport food, but they are so bad even the worst airline wouldn't serve it on a plane.  I had the tequilla lime chicken tacos.  The chicken tasted like it came out of a can.  No hint of taquilla or lime. As a matter of fact, they couldn't be bothered with salt or pepper either, it was literally straight out of a can. The salsa was store bought so at least that has some flavor. The black beans and rice that came with the tacos were pretty bad too. The black beans were just heated up from a can, rice tasted like it was from a lipton packet. Really not worth your time or calories.
1	Gross, unsanitary and rude staff. I returned my order. First strike was that no one was focused on the cashier stand/customer. The gentleman who finally came to ring us up had his hands in tortilla chips and then handled money - yuck. The place was dirty and the floor grungy (see photo). Next strike, when my order came - a bean and cheese burrito for $8.60- it had no toppings, as I watched them make it, and when I asked for salsa they said "we don't got none" and tried to send me on my way. I asked for a refund the manager was found and said "we have salsa now". No thanks, your dirty restaurant made me lose my appetite.
1	Disgusting!! I ordered the chimichurri burger. It tasted like boiled meat. Seriously, it tasted exactly like the burgers we were forced to eat at grade school lunch cafeterias. It was that bad. Threw it away! Total waste of $12. Run away if you want edible food!!!
3	Breakfast was surprisingly good! Salsa had fresh cilantro and lime. Wait staff were friendly and responsive. All good.
3	Tasty breakfast, but place looked a little dirty. Not sure if it was because it was busy or thats just the away it is. Yes food was good. Waitress was very nice. Just need to clean the place a bit.
