5	I absolutely love my doctor.  A few months ago I wasn't sleeping well, I was feeling not-quite-myself and I could tell something was wrong but I didn't know what.  I called Your Family Physician and made an appointment with Dr Mia Adriano who listened to my situation, asked relevant questions and ran some tests to see what was going on.  Turns out I'm diabetic.  Since the diagnosis the practice has been fantastic in supporting me.  There are diabetic group visits that provide both a monthly checkup and diabetic education.  There's a fantastic nutritionist on staff to help guide and educate about food.  They even have a weight-loss support group called "Weigh to Go" to help patients develop a healthier relationship with food.  The staff is professional, compassionate and highly skilled.  The office uses electronic medical records which adds convenience and an extra level of assurance that nothing will be overlooked.  I've never had better medical care and I would recommend this practice, specifically Drs. Adirano and Berkowitz, to anyone looking for a physician.
4	I've been going to this practice for several years now. The great thing is that they have walk-in clinic hours, including Saturdays if you get sick but don't want to pay for urgent care. The staff is friendly and they have a lab on site which is convenient. I would and have recommended this practice to my friends and family.
5	Christi Lee saved my life, literally! I love this office and all of the staff. Stephanie at the front is always friendly and knows me when I walk in. I would highly recommended this office and I have to many friends. If it wasn't for Christi and her amazing medical skills, I might not be here writing this.
5	This office offered excellent service! The receptionist was very helpful. The doctor was very friendly and patient; she was very compassionate. The price was affordable. I would definitely return to this office, and would recommend this location to my friends and family.
5	Love this place & all the staff here! Been going here for years and I couldn't ask for a better facility with such great people especially when I'm ill and need care! All friendly and helpful... Especially Keisha and Dr. Crystal H!
1	I was visiting my grandmother and she needed to see someone, because she was having difficulties breathing due to allergies. I found the place on YELP.Info here said they were open until 5:30. We arrived at 4:45. The receptionist was curt, said to wait a moment, when I asked if we'd come in the correct door. We sat down, waited. When the receptionist decided to deal with us (only one other person in waiting room), she said they were closed, but would go check with the doctorS. 5 minutes later comes back, ignores us, goes to phone, then when she gets to us, it's almost 5:00. She says they're closed. Doesn't even try to help and doesn't tell us that there's an ER around the corner, which turns out to be wonderful, but we found it on our own.I would give zero stars, if I could, so we'll say the one star is for the setting, which is deceptively beautiful.
2	I have been using this facility for several years.  The doctor's service has been fine, however the office has continually gotten worse.  When calling the office it is usually a minimum wait of 20 minutes.  Several times I have been disconnected.  I feel they need to get better or more office workers who appreciate a persons time.
2	Lots of paperwork to fill out on the first visit (maybe 5-6 pages), then I got hit up with a co-pay, then they sent a bill for $5! Presumably because they changed me the wrong amount in the office.  Then they called me and told me they didn't take the insurance that they took when I was there.  On my fist visit they put me with a PA not a doctor.  It is not ideal to see the doctor on the initial visit to a new "Doctors" office. The P.A. told me I had to come back after fasting for a second checkup and then come back again to discuss the blood test results.  Keep in mind this was just a checkup. To my knowledge they just wanted me to get hit up with multiple visit charges.  Nice crap on the walls and fountains in the lobby does not equate to good healthcare.The old "stake and sizzle" deal
1	HORRIBLE NON-HEALTHCARE OFFICE TEAM INCLUDING THE HEAD OFFICE MANAGER AND LEAD RECEPTIONISTHorrible office management team.Shut their phones off earlier than closing hours.Nearly impossible for you to get your referral done on time without calling every day to make sure they do their job only to get to leave a message for a office manager that does not return any calls.Office staff is very uneducated when it comes to the new United healthcare system.Cathy the lead receptionist has a nasty attitude from out of this world and mean mugs very rudely give her the opportunity like I mistakenly did and she will call you a lier in front of other patients making a big scene when proving later that she was indeed wrong the whole time there was not even so much as a little apology given I have been treated better and with more respect at D.E.S. then with this office receptionist team and managers.Why am I still here I'm sure your wondering?? The answer is because Doctor Chettri his nurses and Doctor Brown only in that office are wonderful people and do they're absolute best given the circumstances and I will do my best to follow them wherever they practice even though everytime I walk in this front office the staff makes me feel like I'm going to have a heart attack or stroke..:( DO NOT EXPERIENCE THIS FACILITY UNLESS YOU TRULY HAVE THE PATIENCE FOR IT...Only Speaking With About Three And A Half Years Experience Dealing With Them Contact if inquiring more information..
