2	This is the first and only Showmars I've visited. There are about 20 of them in the Charlotte area. Food was pretty good. I'd give it one half step-up from a burger at a fast food joint.I had a Greek Salad; the salad (especially the chicken) was tasty but the dressing was "totally bleh". Thankfully the default dressing was on the side so I asked for blue cheese dressing and it was much better -- they had Ken's dressing in a package.My dinner mates had a burger and fish and chips. All around "OK". I'd not go out of my way to go again and certainly not worth a quest...
2	Not a total sit down restaurant, not fast food either. Order at the counter, and have the amazingly friendly staff bring it to your table.For some Greek-American food it's not bad. By no means fancy, but it tastes pretty good. I would say it's a step above a burger joint, for some simple,  inexpensive food, come here and enjoy.
3	I've been here several times and the service has always been quick and friendly. The food has always been tasty and hot.
2	I had the country fried steak with brown gravy, roasted potatoes, and mac & cheese. The meat, gravy, and potatoes were so salty they tasted like they were being cured. I couldn't finish it. The mac and cheese was okay, but oddly a bit bland. I like their sandwiches and salads, but I don't think I will be ordering an entree again.
5	After reading the other reviews, I can't understand why they say one thing and yet give them a low "star" grade.  I eat here often - and 99 percent of the time the food and service is wonderful.  You get great food for the money - and service is quick.  However, it does get EXTREMELY busy around 11:00 AM, and if you want a  to-go lunch quickly, you should probably call it in.  Even at their busiest, I've ordered at the counter and not had to wait too awfully long.  Very rarely am I ever disappointed at their food/service.  I like the fact that they have added more hot veggies to their menu.
3	Nearly a Charlotte institution, this is some of the best "fast food" around.  George Cushell, the owner of Showmars has been a fixture in the Charlotte restaurant scene for longer than most Yelp readers have been alive.  He has gotten the concept of good food fast right with the Showmars chain.  This is not fine dining, or anything near it, but, it is good, food, served hot and fast with a smile at a reasonable price.My faves are the original pita burger, all the seafood plates, the fish sandwich and the onion rings.  The baklava is as good as my own homemade version.  All the fried offerings are cooked to perfection and come to the table too hot to eat.  I also like the Greek dishes and the Gyro, tenderloin tips and the souvlaki somoras are as good as any I have had anywhere.These restaurants seem to be everywhere and I assume they are all about the same, but the Little Rock location is my "go to" location for fast, hot, fried fish, burgers or Greek treats.  I can't see that changing anytime in the near future.
2	I had the souvlaki and my husband had the sirloin tips. Both were completely flavorless. My husband and I both agreed that the most impressive thing about this place is that they could actually find a way to cook the flavor out of beef and onions.  The tzatziki sauce was okay same with the Greek salad.
5	The Flounder  sandwich and onion rings  at this place will set you free ! Good fresh cooked food..fast , and very reasonable ...even cheap ! I Love it, and go there whenever I'm in Charlotte airport area ! Stays busy, but no wonder ! Try it you'll like it !
3	I wasn't sure what to expect, I have passed this one up numerous times. This place is almost like a hybrid fast food/ diner restaurant. The service I experienced on a Sunday night was fast and friendly. The food was decent, I had the chicken fried steak which to this day I'm really not sure how it got that name but it was tasty and probably very unhealthy. The sides of Mac and cheese and collard greens turned this into a proper Suedo- southern home cooked meal all for around $10 range including my sugary beverage. I'd certainly come back here over Miguel's!
4	Very  friendly service and suprisingly good food.  We had the gyro and thought it was as good as anywhere else.  For getting there 5 min before closing the food was fresh and not old tasting.  Only issue was no green salad stuff on the wrap.  I would definately eat here again.
5	Good food, friendly staff, quick service, decent prices. Every time I eat here it is always consistent and no complaints whatsoever! They give you plenty of food for the price too.
3	Did a park and fly on our way to Alaska out of Charlotte. This was a quick hop away from our hotel. So-so menu. Adequate food...nothing fancy. Large portions. Quick service. Clean. Friendly. A safe place  a good meal.
4	Fast, Friendly,  and Good Food. Stopped after a long day on the road. Parking lot had a crowd so I try it. If you order the Gyro dinner you better be hungry.  Definitely get your money's worth.
2	I think one has to be local to really enjoy Shomars.  The food is marginal, and the menu is about 80% sandwiches.  Most meals can be bought for $7-$10 with drink.Better than McDonalds.  Kind of like a '50's-style diner, without the ambiance.
4	Good quick food close to airport.  Priced well and courteous staff.   Another customer was asking for a manager to compliment them on the cleanliness of the place.  I would agree.  Coming off a lunch rush the place was very clean.
4	This place is must stop every time I travel back over to the east coast! Everything is good and the service is great. Freshly made food to order and friendly service and staff!! I always order the famous gyro and fish platters...Definitely would recommend!!!
