5	I live in the SF Bay Area and whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I see Brannon, Celebrity Stylist Extraordinare... of course it's been about a year and half since I've had a cut from him (so sad- I'm not made of $$$ so I can't fly to Vegas whenever I need a cut!). Brannon used to work at the AMP Salon in the Palms and has since opened his own store in the Hard Rock Hotel...Even though I'm not famous, he still treats me just as fabulously! I'm not kidding when I say this will be the best haircut you'll ever have. I've been searching for an SF stylist that has similar techniques but it's just not the same as seeing the man himself! Keep up the great work Brannon!
4	This salon would not normally be in my budget, but sometimes you just have to splurge a little.  It was my first time in the Hard Rock, but the salon was easy to find, right near the entrance to the parking garage.  It has a beautiful entrance and is about what you would expect in decor for a top salon.I was the first appointment of the morning and was sent up the salon elevator with Brannon (though I wasn't sure it was him until I got there).  I had decided to be a little daring and let him cut my hair however he wanted.  He asked me questions about how I styled it and spent a bit of time playing with my hair, having me stand up, sit down and such before he started.  The only other person in the salon at the time was his assistant.  After the initial consultation, I felt a little invisible.  He and his assistant were busy discussing sports and talking about a restaurant one had eaten at the night before.  It made me feel like I was eavesdropping a little.  While his assistant was styling my hair, a new customer came in and Brannon proceeded to fuss all over her.  What, does my breath smell?  Or can you tell I am not made of money?  Whatever.The haircut itself was fantastic.  Truly the type of haircut that LOOKS expensive.  It was cut so that it just sort of fell into a nice style without me having to work at it, which is a good thing as I can be a little style-challenged at times.  He suggested that I play with it for a few weeks, then once I returned, I could give him feedback and he would make adjustments or try something more daring if I liked.  At first, I had every intention of returning to see what else he would come up with.  But I haven't gone back.  The haircut was so good that even as it grew out a little, it has still looked great.  When I left the salon, I was directed downstairs to the receptionist.  She provided me with the type of bill that requires me to fill in the total, presumably after filling in the tip line.  This threw me off a bit.  I have always known salon owners to charge more, but in return, not accept tips.  In fact my cut was $100 ($10 more for Brannon over the other stylists).  Of course, I don't want to be cheap if the policy has changed, so I did leave him a nice tip.  Though I would recommend this salon for a very good cut, I am tempted to try something new next time around to see if I can find a place that gives a great cut AND where I feel more comfortable.  There seems to be enough competition here that I am optimistic, however he does deserve the 4 stars for quality work.
5	I am a Las Vegas resident who has been a client's of Brannon's for the last few years. He is a true artist with his scissors! He always gives me an awesome low maintenance cut. It falls perfect and hold it's shape when growing out. I'm constantly getting compliments even when it's time for a trim. I trust ONLY him!
3	I want to give this place four stars. but I took a star off just because the place is a bit too expensive. (or maybe all of the spas in a hotel @ Vegas are expensive. oh well!) I had a hair relaxing process. It went out pretty well. but it was expensive. $500 for hair that's three inch below the shoulder. Brannon was a nice guy. we ran into each other in the elevator lobby (i was getting out from the elevator while he was getting in). he actually paused and gave me a bow! I'm Chinese - but probably he mistook me as a Japanese. Anyway, I think that he has a lot of respect to his customers as well. the relaxing process was not bad. supposedly it's a newer technology. so it doesn't require me to sit under a heater while having the chemical doing its magic within my hair. the result was good. it was straight and with lots of the shine. I did it in mid october. right now it's December and it still looks nice. i didn't do color. so i don't know if the colorist was that bad. the hard rock cafe hotel is going through a renovation. So the salon will be expanded (because right now I think it's pretty small as a Vegas expensive salon). But I had a good experience at this place and I'm sure I'll go back for a hair cut next time if I'm in Vegas!
5	I have gotten haircuts in NYC, LA, Chicago, San Francisco, DC, etc. and Brannon is by far the best stylist I've encountered.  Completely 100% worth the $100 for a woman's haircut.  I now plan my vacations to Vegas around my hair needs.  Yes, a cut from Brannon is THAT worth it.
4	Loved the attention to detail and cut! Nice atmosphere and pleasant experience. I'll be going back as soon as my hair needs another cut.
5	As a nomad who wanders into salons this was a very pleasant surprise.  This may top my favorite out of town salon and it's a hell of a lot closer than Bal Harbor Florida.  I was set up with Katrina and she did a great job.  She listened to what I basically needed and then did her creative thing.  I also loved that they opened so late so i was able to roll out to the clubs with styled hair.  I would definitely recommend this salon/Katrina if you should happen to find yourself in Vegas OR even if you are a local.  Not badly priced either for a great haircut that will grow out nicely.  $90.
5	Brannon is a hair genious! His salon is bright, hip and beautiful! I had the best experience, and my hair looks the best it ever has! I highly recommend this salon and Brannon.  I will be planning all of my Vegas business trips around my haircut needs! Yes, he's THAT good... worth the flight!!
5	What I love about Brannon is that he has a very edgy style of cutting hair. He can look at your face shape and know which hairstyle can enhance your beautiful features. The salon is located inside the Hard Rock Hotel, impeccable and overlooks some of the pool. His staff are very friendly, laid back and professional at the same time. Brannon is quite pricey, but you do get what you paid for and an added bonus is the spa which is accessible for customers.  I tend to go to Brannon when I am feeling like a "new look", trusting his every sense of styling expertise never lets me down! Brannon also has an amazing hair products that I use. The 02 Re-conditioner and 03 Polish leaves my hair smelling divine and  smooth which is much needed in dirty dry Las Vegas.
5	I got a really great haircut with Brannon.  I like that he knew what I'd want before I even told him.  Very friendly and chill place.  To get Brannon himself to cut your hair is like 10 extra dollars, and worth every penny I think.  I've never got a cut by the guy whose name is on the salon before.  Frederic Fekkai isn't often hanging around his salons, y'know?
1	I came here because of the recommendations of other yelpers, and was throughly dissapointed. I've never paid 50 dollars for a haircut that paid so little atention to details. Alexis was my stylist, and she was generally nice person, but it seemed like half of the time she wasn't really sure of what she was doing. I felt like she rushed the entire cut and gave me a generic cut that didn't really reflect what I asked her to do.I even followed by calling and leaving the head stylist a message, and he never got back to me. I guess they just don't really care about customer satisfaction.
5	Update since Brannon Hair moved to a new, upgraded salon awhile ago... One on hand, I liked the smaller size of the old salon, but the new salon does have a lot more room and a much nicer mani/pedi area. My favorite thing about the new (though, I guess not so new now) salon is the chairs for when you get your hair washed. Instead of the standard chairs, these are more like chaise lounges. You are pretty much laying down - which is so much more comfortable and gives you zero neck pain. And there are large flat screens above the washing bowls, so you have something other than the ceiling to stare at.In addition to the hair services, I also have to give 5 stars for the nail services here. The manicures and pedicures tend to run a bit cheaper than other casino spas, and I have never been disappointed with the results.
5	Another update as Brannon Hair is now at Red Rock...I've never been a particular fan of this salon/spa. It just always seemed so awkward and difficult to find. Brannon has made some changes to the salon, though. It definitely feels more open and cleaner.The mani/pedi area is definitely way better now than when I got a pedi here back around the time it first opened. And the pedicure itself was great this time around.And Brannon actually has his own room at this new salon, which I definitely like.Do I need to say it again? If you want fabulous hair, Brannon Hair is the only place in Vegas to go.
1	RIP OFF!If you get your hair colored be prepared to fork out an ADDITIONAL $40 to have someone blow dry it. Ummm, excuse me, wouldn't you want to see the finished product???????Feel free to use the blow dryer in the women's locker room and hope you like the finished color. Oh and good luck if you don't like it!
4	I love this salon and even more importantly, Jean Marc Levy.  He is a top notch professional with a relaxed personality that made me feel very comfortable.  His cut was phenomenal, and my color looked very natural......the best I've had in years.    He added balayage as well, which is not a common process and takes more skill.  I will return time after time.
5	I moved to Las Vegas from LA about six months ago and started looking for a great hair dresser. My previous hairdresser had set the bar very high, and I wanted to find someone here who was as good as he was--I wanted a big city hairdresser in a (relatively) small town! I struck gold on my first try with Jean Marc at the Red Rock Spa. He took one look at my face and gave me a cut that I swear made me look 5 years younger. Then, when I went in for color, he gave me a balayage--a color treatment similar to highlights. The results were very natural and rich-looking. I'm hooked, and have told all my friends about him. If you live in Vegas, if you visit Vegas, make an appointment with Jean Marc. He doesn't just cut hair. He transforms it into runway perfection!
5	I love Jean Marc. I have cut my hair all over the world. He is the best. I just wish i did not live in Boston. I guess i have to fly to vegas to have my hair cut again
1	I have been to Brannon Hair in two locations for over 5 years and last week will be the last time I visit. Brannon complained constantly about how thick and long my hair was, stopped in the middle of the cut went outside and smoked a cigarette, then returned with hands that reeked of cigarettes, while using my cellphone he asked if I was a "Phone Whore", he spent the first 30 minutes of my cut not really listening to my requests but looking at the cell phone photos of the prior client's children and discussing them with her. I flew across the U.S. from the east coast each time for my cut and was very committed to only letting Brannon do my cuts. On the last two visits I did not receive the style I requested and asked the following day to have the ends blended. Both times I was told no. Today I tried speaking with him and was told "I don't have time for this, don't tell me how to cut hair, and I was sick this weekend." He yelled at me interrupted me and then promptly hung up on me. Brannon has changed and is no longer a great stylist because he is to full of himself. He has never shampooed my hair or blown it out. I come in freshly shampooed and still pay $100 plus a generous gratuity and didn't mind this when he actually respected my requests with regard to my cut.What makes matters worse is I went in on my birthday, and he had posted "Don't forget if you come in on your birthday you get a free cut." When I mentioned this to him he made an insult in front of his next client saying " which birthday? " I discussed the fact that is was that day during my cut. So he says "I'll give 'ya a discount, just give me $75."  After I posted on his Facebook comment about him forgetting the free cut for me, he blocked me /shut down his page (so he said). This was for a cut that he complained throughout, even into the next client saying "my arms hurt from working on you" while looking at me and styling someone I never met. I normally paid him $100 and tipped %25. Seriously, save yourself from the pretense, and lack of professionalism. I own a spa and would never treat any of my clients with such disdain and lack of concern. It's sad but true, I went to him since 2009 and today his reaction to me communicating hurt feelings humiliation and dissatisfaction was "you can go to someone else"..............I believe when you stop caring enough to look at a photo for a style or listen to your clients requests, it's time to shut your door. He is consumed with a new business venture which I am sure is his priority. I sent many friends to him, no more. check out reviews in the Vegas area there are many talented and professional stylist who will be respectful.
5	It's been a couple years now since Brannon moved to this sorta hidden location. It's a storage facility type area. It's now just him, no assistants or other stylists. It's a very modern and hip space. Hint: If it's your first time coming here, leave extra early in case you have a hard time finding it. Additional hint: Texting is the best and quickest way to make an appointment. Brannon continues to be a master stylist. Just sit back and let him do his thing. He wants you to look good, stylish, and hip. I've never been even slightly disappointed with a cut from him. The one downside to this location is there's no shampoo area. So another hint: Wash and style your hair before your appointment. Brannon with likely straighten it and cut it dry or wet it a bit with a squeeze bottle depending on what's best for your haircut. All in all, if you want a great cut, this is the place to come. $100 is usually the standard price. You can pay via credit card with his Apple Square.
