4	I went out to do some groceries yesterday and suddenly I was hit with a craving for macarons. I don't know why, it kind of came from out of nowhere, but I am not one to deny myself a treat now and again so I picked up my canvas shopping bag and headed up to Nancy's.Nancy's carries about 18 or so flavors of macarons. Some flavors intrigued me more than others and I narrowed my choices down to 5 flavours; exotic, chai, celery, licorice-lavender and salted caramel. Macarons are quite expensive, here they are 9$ per 100 grams (keep in mind that means they are 90$ a kilo!) and my 9 (2 of each of four flavors and just one salted caramel) tasty treats came to just about 16$.Nancy's also sells their homemade jams and sorbet, as well as pastries and marzipan treats. While I contemplated my flavor choices I ordered an almond croissant. I didn't much care for it. The ends were kind of hardened and the almond paste was a bit scarce.I saw some wonderful cakes leaving the kitchen, and seemingly happy customers enjoy a quick lunch with friends. So, next time I am up that way, maybe I'll stop in for a quick bite and just a few more macarons of course!
5	A cute bakeshop on Monkland. And a plus to have a staff that is very friendly and helpful with suggestions.I bought the heart cookies (mind you that I came around Valentine's Day) to munch on while waiting to be seated at Prohibition, which is across the street down the block. The cookies are soft and aren't overly sweet like American cookies. They have subtle flavor and are delicious! They were so good that I ended up coming back after brunch. Guilty pleasures at its best!I love the variety of sweet treats at this shop. They had cookies, petit fours, chocolates, etc. This shop is especially great for special occasions. Gorgeous and delicious!When the owner had found out we were from NYC, she asked, "Don't you have the best of the best there?!" But what she doesn't realize is that it's the small shops that make the best and yes, I consider Patisserie De Nancy one of the best. If only I could bring back this bakeshop to NYC :(
2	Pretty good service, but I was seriously underwhelmed by their macarons. Point G is wayyyy better and actually cheaper since their macarons are so much larger. I also wasn't a fan of the filling, it was just like a flavored whipped cream that melted way too easily and caused the cookie to slide apart. They were almost completely ruined by the time I got them back to the hotel I was staying at. I also really don't like how they charge by weight, its very inconsistent. On the bright side, the caramel banana macaron had a wonderful flavor and the shop was very picturesque.
