5	I have been taking Pilates with the owner of this business for the last year. Billie is well educated, smart and well informed. After just a few sessions at Studio B I have noticed chan in my tone and strength that I have not received with any other instructor. I would highly recommend Studio B Pilates to any person interested in changing how they feel and look!
5	I fell in LOVE with Studio B!! It is adorable.  This little gem is a small space intended for personalized pilates sessions.  The owner/instructor is really flexible though - I had a friend who wanted to try a session, but didn't feel comfortable going alone so Billie (owner/instructor) took us both on in one session.  Billie is also really knowledgeable and she explains why a certain movement will build what muscle.  I am a big baby when it comes to working out and she handled my griping and complaining really well.  Most personal instructors get all upset with me when I start whining, but come on my quads are burning!  Billie was great at motivating me to push harder, but kept it light and fun.  She didn't make me feel like she thought she was better than me and made me feel really comfortable talking about my trouble areas. Sometimes I feel like instructors can be really condescending and make you feel like you should already be in shape - this is not the case here.    Overall, a very upbeat and positive experience!  I am always sore after a session at Studio B :) Also the pricetag is very reasonable.  I hate paying to workout (or for anything really), but I would pay double what she charges for another session here!
5	BILLIE knows her stuff!!!  She is educated, smart, and knows how to relay the message to give you the tools to heal your body.  I went to her from FST!!!  WOW.  She has one of the best understandings of the body that I know, she is passionate about helping people and it shows in her work.If you have never been stretched by someone else, this is life changing. Thank you Billie for being amazing. Keep it up girl.
5	Billie (the owner) is an amazing instructor! She is patient with beginners and FULL of knowledge! She truly enjoys what she does and that definitely shines through. I can't wait to go back!
