4	I love visiting recently opened restaurants, I do. The owners are fresh, their hopes high, and their cooking is at the top of their game.Yatta is no different. Their sushi was creative and fresh but for me the top hit were their grilled tapas items. I had a brochette of BACON wrapped quail egg, a stick of BACON wrapped asparagus, and skewered shrimps. All were new songs to my palate and I'll admit that this music was high on the charts.I'll confess that the first time I had the shrimp brochette I was taken aback as I had to rip the head off and fight with the carapace before being able to sink my teeth into it's delicate flesh. It wasn't until later that I learned that you're actually SUPPOSED to eat the head as well - a thought that made this lo-fan a bit uncomfortable. However, I promised Chef that I would do it Asian Style next time and, after having steeled myself for this foreign foody concept, found that indeed - the head IS the best part. Seriously. Who knew, right?Will I return? Oh yes!
5	There is no question I would go back! Staff were very nice, sushi was great, fresh and creative. For a low key night in theMonkland village this is a great sushi place!
5	Honestly, I don't understand people complaining ! I went there yesterday with my little brother and the food is amazingly fresh and tasty ! The staff is friendly too. I would definitely recommend this place to all sushi's lover.
5	very nice and cozy place for sushi, almost like a cafe style decor. the staff were super efficient and helpful, and understanding of my allergies. the waitress answered all our questions knowledgeably  and our food came pretty fast. the only thing is that it was kind fo empty so i dont know how service is when it gets busy.highly recomended!
3	The sushi here is very fresh and they have fun creative rolls. The service is horrible this is the fourth time I've come to this restaurant and not once have I had decent service. I've had to ask more than once how long till our meals will be ready also I had to ask for a glass of water and whenever I needed a refill. I wish they had better service because they do have incredible sushi.
3	I gave this place a 3 on 5 because it's not the BEST sushi out there, but I still have to admit that for the neighbourhood, it's always my go-to sushi spot.The rolls are pretty yummy for the most part (my favourites are the mango mayhem scallop roll and the tuna tar tar roll) and there is tons of choice on the menu. You can get grilled asparagus, hand rolls, sashimi, all kinds of salads and obviously maki rolls and nigiris.The place itself is not particularly pretty inside (there's a TV on all the time where they have cheesy satellite radio animation) but it's clean and you can take out or order from them which is practical.Also, it's BYOB so it's not a bad option for a lazy weeknight when you don't want to spend too much on dinner but you wouldn't mind a glass of sake with your food so you bring it yourself.It's definitely worth trying if you are in the neighbourhood and want some dependable sushi.
