4	Walking down the Royal Mile you do get a feel that one of Scotland's most interesting and important streets has been rather exploited. There must be at least fifty gillion "Scotland shops" all blurring into one Scottish-shop-haze. Add in a few expensive restaurants, some kilt makers and you've accounted for majority of shops. So it is nice, and I'm highly appreciative, when I come across some genuinely interesting and worthwhile establishment.The Carson Clark Gallery, situated about two thirds of the way down the Royal Mile, is a gallery and shop selling maps and charts of antiquity. It might not seem like the most interesting or even particularly welcome shop from the outside, but you really must check this place out!The building itself is typically beautiful in old Edinburgh style. Inside it continues to impress. A large long store, surrounded by lots and lots of old maps and charts. The gallery specialises in all kinds from all over the world between the 16th and 19th century. I know as much about maps as I do synchronised swimming, but this place has me enraptured. However if  you do intend on making a purchase, expect to pay a fair amount (framing is also available).Quite a gem. Unique. If you like antiques, sea faring, or just appreciate the coolness of century old sea charts, please check this place out!
4	My 'map pox' might be worse now.  I was not even looking for this place, I was on a mission to walk the Royal Mile and climb Arthur's Seat...  I saw this place and spent a good 2 hours in here!  I don't know how to describe why I enjoy maps so much to people who don't enjoy maps, so it was nice to walk in and be greeted by someone who is just as enthusiastic.The nice thing is that the husband and wife team are more than willing to help out (even do all the looking for you) or just to let you browse.  They have maps that are already mounted or maps that are not, and they are organized by country/area so you do not have to flip through a squillion.  I noticed they had a section (quite a few) on English counties.  I notice they have an awful lot of maps of Rutland and a number of maps on the counties surrounding Lincolnshire, but not a lot for Lincolnshire.  Found 2 mounted (one small, one large), and 2 not mounted.  They were having a sale, 20% off of 19th and 20th century maps and 10% off of everything else.  When I decided on the one that I wanted, the owner told me a little bit about the map, for example the map I had chosen was probably used by surveyors because of the kind of paper the map was on.They did give me their card and said that if I was back in Edinburgh or wanted to order and have something shipped to me, they would be happy to do so!  They wrap the maps with a lot of care, which was great because 1) it was now raining outside and 2) it can easily be packed in my suitcase.  If you are a map enthusiast, you should definitely stop in.
4	Map shops are like burger joints; I'm always interested. A good window display of old maps is guaranteed to catch my attention every time I walk past.As such, this is a great map gallery. It's set up more like a workshop than a store, which only serves to increase its awesomeness. The owner is very friendly and knowledgeable; we got into a fascinating conversation about Edinburgh architecture and the design of the Scottish Parliament building down the street.
3	A great, pretty large, and suitably musty map and painting store.  They have prints and originals -- old and modern -- and also do framing.  The price range is extremely wide, from spur-of-the-moment-without-a-thought purchases to those requiring significant thought about the cost and eventual display location.
