1	This used to be called Martin's College of Cosmetology.  However, my review is of services in the last 12 months. As a school, I understand that you need to be patient and have plenty of time.In the past year, I have had to rethink my choice to have services here.  Not once have I had a teacher check on my services at any time. The last facial I had, the student (her last day of training), dumped paraffin all down the leg of my pants.  She apologized, and then took care of the other leg.  My second to last pedicure, the water was so hot (and I usually like hot) I thought I was going to be scalded. When I told her I was not going to put my feet in the water, she drained it and gave me ice water to put my feet in.  She did not 'massage' my feet and legs. She tried to paint my nails before she had washed the exfoliation cream off.  I continue to glance around hoping a teacher would come over and supply guidance, however, no one came to rescue me. My last pedicure, the girl stabbed me with a wooden nail cleaner.  It must have been used?  I got an infection and almost lost my toenail. It is still not fully healed. I can understand a 2 hour haircut.  I can even understand that you may have to wait for an hour because they don't know if they will have any students 'show up'.  However, it really is not a teaching college if the teachers are not supervising the students or their services.
1	I went with my sisters the day before my wedding. Some of them were on a budget so I thought this might've been a good alternative to another spa/salon that charges 3x for a mani/pedi. You'd think at a school it'd either be quick and not that good or a long time and well-done. It was neither. It took 3 hours and my Shellac nails weren't even painted all the way to the sides of the nails, barely any colors to choose from, and they knew we had to be done at certain time and assured us we would be. We were late to my bridesmaid luncheon, which was frustrating.We were taken a half hr late from our pre-made appointment, and the service was soo slow. It was frustrating. The students were nice, but it's just a bad idea to make those who are just there for hair do nails for paying customers. How should customers interpret "Nails aren't my specialty. Hair's my thing." when they're there for a nail appointment. Greaaat, what am I getting myself into? I didn't expect the world, but it just was poor quality in how the salon was run (organization) and poor quality in service. Next time I'm going somewhere else. You get what you pay for.
1	Not coming back!!  It s only $6 and next time I will go to nail salon... Or even matc , avada school have way better service. Instructor is rude!!!
