4	You know, Mr. Smalls DOES have a lot of bad points. The bathrooms really are disgusting. Gross toilets hidden behind even grosser curtains... maybe there's toilet paper, maybe there isn't. Just use the curtain, whatev.  It's also pretty hard to shimmy your way up to the bar &  once you manage to get there, yeah, the drinks ARE expensive. Oh, and yes, the parking is atrocious. I usually have to park a few blocks away, but it's cool, I've got these legs for a reason.All that being said, Mr. Smalls is my absolute favorite venue for shows. They bring in really good bands and the sound is pretty good. The building is unique, and there's something just so bizarre about seeing all these bands playing in a church. And when it comes right down to it, it IS a rock and roll show... were you expecting polished marble floors and caviar? Just suck it up and dance the night away!
4	What a cool place.  I don't know much about its history, but someone along the way had the brilliant idea to turn this huge old church into a concert venue.  While it's rather narrow with a flat floor that doesn't allow for too many sight lines, the acoustics are simply amazing.  They also manage to book some great national acts to perform.  Oh, and they're non-smoking, which is a big plus.I didn't order drinks, nor did I check out the non-Yelp-approved ladies' room, so I can't vouch for the full Mr. Small's experience, but I gotta say, I was pretty pleased with my recent concertgoing experience here.
4	One of the few last standing, smallish big places to see a show. No smoking, pricey drinks, if you're over 21 you're trapped behind barriers.  These are the bad things...The good?It's huge.  I mean huge.  It's an old church, the accoustics are fantastic.  I've been to quite a few shows here.  It seems most shows are all ages now and non smoking.  I remember a time when it wasn't.  We just caught Black Rebel Motorcycle Club there last night, great show, and it wasn't too hard to see the stage from all the way back in the drinking den, which means a lot seeing as I'm nearly a midger.
3	Kind of like a music festival but with more cacophonous sound.
4	Drove down from Buffalo for the Damien Marley and Nas show. This is one of the better venues I've been to on a while. Perfect size.   Amazing sound.  Great acoustics.  This is an old church converted into a venue.  They did an excelled job.  Not too big and not too small.  My only complaint was extremely high beer prices.  Granted we were drinking microbrews but almost $7 a pop.   One of the best clubs I've been to this year.  Would definitely return.
4	This is probably the coolest place in Pittsburgh to see a show. An 18th century Catholic church turned rock-n-roll hall! I went to see Porcupine Tree play here in the spring. It definitely lives up to it's name - it is a very small venue. Probably only holds about 650 people, and they pack 'em in. If you go, arrive early to get a good parking spot on the street, and remember to bring your earplugs. I have seen Porcupine Tree play 7 times at different venues, and this was the first place where I wished I had my earplugs. This venue was actually way too small for this band, but somehow they made it happen!
3	The biggest problem with Mr. Small's is that it's in Millvale, which is a tough place to park, and an easy place to get pulled over for no reason at all. But Mr. Small's itself is pretty cool!I do enjoy the old Croatian church turned music venue... it works well.  The size of the venue is good as well.  Big enough to bring in some pretty serious acts, small enough to remain at least somewhat intimate with said acts.  I've never been here and had a bad concert experience, and I've had a few good ones.
5	Near the top of my hypothetical list of "things I like about Pittsburgh" would have to be "able to turn old churches into awesome non-church things." Mr Smalls is one of these things. Sure, it was hot and sweaty, and sure, the bar area had some decent traffic. But, if I'm not crammed into a venue for a show, then I'm probably seeing a terrible band and this review would probably be negative anyway - I hope that poorly structured rant makes sense. Long story short, this is a cool venue that fits the right amount of people and pulls in the right level of talent, and I wouldn't hesitate for a second to get tickets to a show there.
4	I've been consistently going to shows at least once a month since I was 15 years old (nearly 10 years now) from Wu-Tang Clan at the House of Blues in Cleveland, to dirty DIY punk & metal shows at the Legion of Doom in Columbus, and Mr. Smalls Fun House is one of the raddest venues in this region of the country. Last night was my first show at Mr. Smalls and I saw Adam Warrock, Mega Ran, MC Lars and MC Chris. The old church-turned-venue setting is warm, dark and perfect for metal shows, even though this was a nerdcore hip hop show. The size of the venue to me is perfect- can hold about 300 people with ample standing room and the seated bar area in the back for the strictly 21 and up crowd is the absolute best part. Flanked on either side by identical bars and an additional beer stand, you have no trouble at all getting a decently priced drink at any time. I had a beer and 3 mixed drinks for $25, plus every drink you bought got you a ticket towards a free taco at the end of the night. I bought my 4 drinks and recieved my free softshell taco at the end of the show, who doesn't love free tacos?! The only complaint I have about the drinks is they were pretty watered down even though they contained a decent amount of booze, which is always a turnoff. There is no smoking inside, but you can enjoy a cigarette on the patio just outside the entrance and re-enter with no trouble at all. The staff from the hotdog stand outside, to the ticket counter at the door, to the bar were accomodating & friendly, the general manager introduced himself and greeted all my friends and I upon arrival at the bar. I'm thinking about going back later this month on the 24th to see one of my favorite black metal bands Enslaved perform on my boyfriend's birthday. Either way, I'm definitely going back!
4	Pefect venue I love this place they have a grill set up right outside the stage entrance. Where I had jerk wings that was so juicy and good. Mr.Smalls keeps getting better.
3	I can't really give a polished review for this venue when I is be a runnin' late.I mean its spacious. The staffs nice. I could hear the show. Tall people should stand in the back. Didn't order any food maybe for the next show I will. Haven't really explored much of the venue itself...err...this review needs to be updated the next time I visit. Which will be soon so...yar... don't listen to me.3 stars.
5	What a COOL place to see a rock show!  I saw Cursive here last night, and I felt like I was back home!  We bought tickets at the door, and right after that, the GM came up and introduced himself and shook both of our hands.  (Maybe it was because I was wearing a Nebraska shirt and he thought I was with the band--but seriously, how often does that happen at a venue like this?!)The bar inside is A-plus.  They have so many options, everything from hard liquor to wine to 100 kinds of beer bottles, as well as a small (but impressive) draft selection.  The floor was "open" that night, so 21+ could bring alcohol out to the stage area, but 21- could not go back to the bar area.  (Judging from the crowd's cheering, I don't think that's always the case, and sometimes if you're drinking you're confined to the bar.)They also have a patio bar and grill set up outside the theatre, for pre- or post-show hanging out.  The grill is actually really good, and Gregg, the chef, has a super sweet mustache.  Bonus points because he makes his own hot sauces; I highly recommend the Symphony of Horrors.The acoustics are not the best ever, but it's not like you're coming here to listen to the Ring Cycle.  It's a rock show!! And it's a good one.
4	I like Mr. Smalls as well. I've seen a few shows here with Darren that include Maylene and the Sons of Disaster, Dimmu Borgir, and not too long ago, Behemoth. It's neat that its an old church since it gives it good sound and vibe. Being short, sometimes it's hard to see, though.Darren likes their food for some reason. I don't. Other than that, this is a solid place to see a show.
2	While the "redemption" of a probably doomed old church is a admirable effort, the results are dubious, at best.  Attending the show by Jukebox the Ghost last evening two things become obvious:  the air conditioning system, probably purchased from an "It's a Buck," store keeps the venue temperature at about 89 degrees on a summer evening...and...the acoustics are beyond horrible.  The old churches were built to enhance the liturgy from the altar and the choral voices from the loft.....whether the soundboard guy was on loan from The Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf or had equipment from the same dollar store, the sound was muddled, muzzled, over amped, and a general mass of mess.  Every show I've seen here, from the early days of Great Big Sea and Brandi Carlile years ago to last night have all been audio disasters.  Mr. Small should send a sound tech (not a kid from WPSD aforementioned) to a place like the Birchmere in Virginia for an in-service on sound. I guess the other comments here are from youngsters of the iPod/earbud generation who probably find this wash of aural sludge amazing.....   Didn't try the food, but noticed (as I moved around the place to audit the sound) the sole cook was sneezing quite a bit.
4	This place has character, that's for sure.  How do you rate a place that wasn't necessarily built for concerts, more like choirs, let's say.  Originally a church it's seriously super cool to be inside listening to a rock band.  I don't think they did much to change the place other than add equipment for the shows.  I'd assume you'd have some nice built in acoustics for singing, not sure about rocking though...It's not going to be your fancy pants Stage AE custom built for concerts, but gosh darnit does it have some history and bring some awesome bands to the Burgh!  Seriously, they bring in some great acts.  If I'm scanning the city paper for ads I usually pick out at least one or two shows a month I'd go and see.Being an old head I enjoy that the over 21 bar area is split up from the youngins.  I had my mosh pit days.  Now I just want to stand with my beer and watch a nice quite, er, loud rock show.  No shoving for me!  My Yuengling was $4, not bad and NOT fancy pants arena prices, thankyouverymuch!  I wish the parking situation is better.  It's in a random part of town that has no real parking lot area, so you have to kind of fend for yourself on the street.  So come early if you want to rock early!  I obviously want to use the word rock as much as I can in this review... so if you want a place to rock out, this is your place... to rock!
4	Seeing Band of Skulls rock the house (or church?) at Mr. Smalls for my first ever concert here was just amazing. I loved the dark, gothy feel of the inside of Mr. Smalls and seeing a pure rock n' roll, grunge-rock band light up the room really made my first experience here even more memorable. The acoustics are great in this old church, making Band of Skulls seem like rock gods playing amongst the peons of souls trying to make themselves worthy.The deck outside consists of some sort of juice bar/ grill where concert goers can indulge on some light fair or order a vitamin water which, I think, is pretty neat to have outside of the actual stage. I also noticed some sort of pizza oven on the inside of Mr. Smalls, even though I didn't try any of the food. The bar is pretty legit as well; its much better than some other concert venues bars. I'll definitely come back to see other performances at Mr. Smalls. I'm interested to see what a band that doesn't wear all black sounds like inside the funhouse for sure.
3	I am glad I saw a couple of shows here before rating it. I will say, I had high expectations going in, as a buddy of mine said it's one of his favorite indoor venues. I walked in and sort of compared it to a couple other churches converted to bar/concert venues. I have seen some really awesome set ups with this type of venue so topping them would be hard. Overall, it was pretty cool. First show I saw, Murder by Death, was not crowded at all. I'm never a huge fan of "drink your beer in the back while the 18 year olds go up front" setup. 21+ want to be close too, and we are the ones really contributing to your profits. We ended up hurrying through a beer to go up closer where it was less crowded and never went back for another. Band was great but sound was pretty bad. Never like when I can barely hear the singer over the drums. Upon visiting the second time for The Head and the Heart, a very very busy concert I might add, I was happy to see the sound being off was likely the bands fault. Their sound was amazing. But yet again, I am stuck in the back of the place, behind the tallest people there trying to see the band. I have to take off a star for the lack of AC and ventilation. If you can avoid it, don't go to a show here in the heat of the summer. I was annoyingly hot and sweaty at both shows. Gross.
4	I went to see funny man Hannible Burress and he rocked the house he even had a dj spinning throughout the show. Hannible's from Chicago and has written for 30 Rock.  My one and only complaint the girls bathroom stalls don't have doors just a weird curtain system that leaves me a little nervous oh well , it's works.BBQ in the winter is always the best. The food is finger licking good. I ordered two burgers one ranch blt burger and one burger with honey badger sauce and jalapenos. My hubby and I swapped burgers halfway through and each was very delicious.  The grill master is very good at his job and I recognized him from our last show. He's still holding it down. The buns were super fresh and soft and the burgers were tender and juicy. Seriously the burgers at Mr. Small's were better then what I've had a burger joints. Actually I will go as far to say that Mr. Smalls burgers has restored my faith in the mighty mighty hamburger. For awhile there I was starting to think I didn't like burgers anymore.
5	Great place for a concert. The beer selection was one of the best I've seen at a music venue. There was also a good food selection but I did not have any so I can't comment on the quality but the prices were pretty reasonable.I got balcony seats. You have to reserve the seats separately through the venue's (website or call). You pay $30 at the bar which can be used to order drinks and food. For for a sold-out show, it was well worth the extra money. They did not overcrowd the balcony and it was very comfortable. The balcony had it's own smaller bar with a server that would take food/drink orders.  It was very convenient having a $30 tab to use for drinks. There was also a patio that is used for a smoking section; however it was big enough to comfortable for a non-smoker. Being a sold-out show it was nice to be able to sit outside for a bit and have a few drinks between bands.The staff overall was very nice and were happy to help.I highly recommend coming to an event here; even if you don't get the balcony.
5	This is one of my favorite venues in Pittsburgh, the other also being a renovated Church (Altar Bar). They did a pretty awesome remodel and now offer an upstairs bar, smoking balcony, and more space on the main floor. The stage is where the altar of the church used to be and offers a pretty unique concert-experience. The size of the venue is a perfect balance between intimate and energetic. I have many fond memories of seeing punk and metal bands here for the past 12 years. Definitely check it out!
4	I love Mr Smalls. It is quite a trek for me to get there and driving through Pittsburgh is one of the biggest pains, but once you get there, it is awesome. There is no parking so make sure to get there early enough to find street parking. Also, the area is lacking in food. Everything there either closed early (like 3pm!) or is a more of a sit-down restaurant. The only place to get a quick bite to eat is Subway. So if you want to eat something else as you wait in line, you should stop somewhere before you get to Millvale. As for the venue itself, it is quite cozy. I've been there in the winter and summer and find that they seem to keep it at a reasonable temperature. They also have a coat check ($1) which is quite useful! and a bar in the back. Overall, I think Mr. Smalls is one of the best places in the area to see some bigger names at a more intimate venue. Great prices, great bands, great place. Happy 10th birthday Mr. Smalls!
5	Hands down the best medium to large sized venue in Pittsburgh. Mr. Smalls has everything: great sound, great food and it's a great space to see bands play. I've seen some of my favorite shows from the past decade in the venue and I am always impressed with the excellent sound. It's well mixed and rarely ever too loud.I've seen a lot of people complain about the parking situation but honestly 90% of the time you can easily find parking on the side streets running parallel to Mr. Smalls. If your favorite band is coming to play at Mr Smalls you can rest easy knowing it's going to be an amazing show
4	Definitely a unique experience. Where else can you see a show in an old church? Had a great time here.
5	A great place to see shows in the Pittsburgh area. My favorite place to see musicians. Mr. Small's used to be an old church - and there's an option to sit in the higher pews, although I never have. There are also 2 bars located at the back of the venue (for those over 21). With a good selection of beer. Definitely worth seeing a show here.
1	I'm done with this place. Came to see Lake Street Dive. They said there would be limited seating first come first served. There is zero seating. They opened the doors late while rain poured on us . and the concert should be starting now but the sound guy is saying they still haven't done a sound check. Very unprofessional. A tip for Mr. Smalls : maybe you're having massive financial issues because your place is a mess and you have no regard for your customers.
4	I got to see Lissie play here last fall if you don't know her you should look her up. She is amazing... That said this place is awesome for having her. Drinks are reasonable space reasonable... Sound if you know anything about sound setup depends a lot on the band. It's a small environment in an old church it's not an opera house. That said perfectly fine for enjoyable experiences.Staff were friendly and helpful I would definitely come back here for another show.
4	Great place to check out a show, but seating was scarce.  Friendly staff and a great sound make this a good concert venue.  Can't wait to see St. Paul here
5	Let me just start by saying this place is great.  I'm lucky enough to own a club myself, and I see hundreds of bands a year.  All though some would disagree, in my opinion the atmosphere is just as important as the bands.  Mr. Smalls lives up to their end of the bargain by providing a large room (previously a church) for watching great bands.  Lights, sound are spot on and I can't imagine anything better.  The decor is still church-like, but nothing seems out of place.  It's like watching a show at your favorite neighborhood bar, only 100 times the size.  Even at the back of the house the seats are great.Thanks guys it was a wonderful night in PA.
5	I love Smalls! I've gone to many shows there including Silverstein, Anberlin, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and countless others! It is in an old church, so the layout is awesome. It is a smaller venue compared to other venues I've gone to, with seating for people 21+ in the back/balcony if desired. The venue itself is almost never completely filled. If you need to go in the back to relax from the craziness of the pit, you can with some room to spare. The bathrooms are small and have curtains separating you from the line of women waiting to get in but it gets the job done. The stage is not very big but because of this, you can really be up close to your favorite bands and performers! There is not much separation from the crowd and the stage, giving the concertgoer a closer view and awesome experience! This will always be one of my favorite venues to rock out with the bands that I enjoy the most!
4	There is just something about this place that I love. Mr. Smalls is a perfect-sized venue... not too tiny, but small enough that performances still feel intimate, even when the place is packed. The venue was created from a former church (this seems to be a theme in Pittsburgh?) so the atmosphere is pretty cool and unique.I have seen two shows here (Ra Ra Riot about a year ago, and St. Lucia (with Joywave) last week. Both were spectacular shows and drew pretty cool crowds. No douchebaggery to be found--although I don't know if that should be attributed to the venue itself, or to the actual bands.The only thing that is kind of annoying is that alcohol can only be consumed in the back where the bar is. There is a fence of sorts dividing the two sections. I'd like to imagine this is what being in a zoo feels like... except with booze. And cool bands to watch. Okay, so it's not like being in a zoo at all. But still a little odd.Overall, this is a favorite of mine that I will definitely be visiting more often (there are some great shows coming up this fall!).
4	This is probably my favorite venue in Pittsburgh. It's a great size, with the bar area separated towards the back. I've taken photos for a magazine here many times. The bouncers and security are extremely nice, and it's fairly easy to jump into the photo pit. Sometimes they will even let photographers hang out on the side of the stage to shoot. Experiences like these make even my regular visits to Mr. Small's better. If you're coming from the city (students!), it's probably easiest to just split a cab with friends or bring someone with a car. Taking busses here can be an arduous process. Overall one of the best vibes from a live music venue in PGH.
5	I've only had the pleasure of seeing a few shows here but they left a huge impression. The music at the this venue is so perfectly mixed, rather than the heavy bass/ just the bass drum or the gain is way too high. They always have it just right, it's always a pleasure to see a show here.
