4	My dryer crapped out on me.  A&R came out & said it was a gas valve and the part could be installed the next day.  The part arrived damaged & they had to reschedule.  The repair man worked overtime (until 9:30pm) just to get my dryer fixed for me.  They did not charge me for the part due to the inconvenience.  So...in  three short days they fixed my dryer at minimal cost.  The repair man was friendly, clean, and respectful.  I would recommend them to anyone in need of appliance repairs.
5	A&R came to my rescue!  My older oven died and my son said "get a repairman"...that's not a good thing because he's a mechanic.  Household appliances are a lot like cars - only you can't have them towed to a shop, the shop has to come to your house. It took a few visits because the first replacement valve failed; and the visit takes time because a good repairman will wait while a machine runs thru cycles to assure it is 'fixed'.  A&R appliance went the extra mile to see that the repair worked!  I recommend them.
4	We bought a Frigidaire Gallery appliance set and the dish washer started flashing error. RC Willey referred me to A&R to fix it. I was told that they would show up the next day between 9 - 12am and to expect a phone call prior to the technician's arrival. At 10:45 Tom called and said that we needed to replace the control panel. He said it would be ready in 2 days. Two days later I received a call that they would be there between 10-1pm and at 10:45 James showed up and fixed everything in 20 minutes.Not sure what else you expect. The came when they said, were very polite and did exactly what they said they would do. Not complicated, just simply and easy. Thank you!
1	No stars, No stars, No stars!!!!! These people are horrible I bought a frigidaire double wall oven that was damaged in the box called frigidaire and they gave me this company for my warranty. I called and argued with the secretary or whoever picked up the phone they were stating that it's not covered when indeed frigidaire Said it is. So called frigidaire again and they called the company to confirm.After a few days this company came out to look at the unit. The repair man said it would be around 5 weeks to get the parts which I didn't mind.Three weeks go by and I decide to call the person who answers the phone looks up my info and tells me that the parts are on order and have not come in yet.Another 2 weeks go by call them again person answer the phone and looks up my info and tells me that frigidaire declined the repair..... Now I'm pissed...Call frigidaire they look up my info and they do not see any purchase order or any parts that were ordered, so these assholes never submitted my claim.Why waste my time you morons!!! Just say we can't help you!!! We don't want the business!!!!Frigidaire gives me another company to call and get this repair done.
3	After two visits they finally fixed the frig....had to use them since I have Old Republic the home warranty company
1	STAY AWAY!!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!!Contacted this company because they were listed as being able to repair Fisher Paykel dishwashers...and because of their reviews on Yelp. Technician came out and diagnosed the issue...told me the parts would probably have to be ordered...and that he'd contact me further to give me a time frame. After a week, I started calling the office # for answers.  Called 3 different times over a 2 week period. Each time, I was told they'd contact the technician and get back to me. Even spoke to a "supervisor" who promised the same thing. Never got back to me! Not even with a "here is the reason for the delay..." The only reason I didn't rate them even lower is because I was never charged for the initial visit. At least I have that small satisfaction.
1	The technicians were nice but service was horrible. 1 and a half weeks to fix my dryer and 3 visits. There were 2 technicians each had a different diagnosis neither had the proper part. It was pretty amazing at the failure they had. Today is hopefully the day they fix it
5	I have rental properties around the valley and I do not understand the bad reviews.  I had a great experience. John and Clint were both very knowledgeable and reliable.   We had an issue with our dryer that is not working.  They came there several times until the issue was resolved!  John went out of his way to ensure that the appliance was fixed.  Thank you A &R Appliance Service!
5	My fridge was on the fritz in my place in Vegas, and I had to spend a whole week there this time for work, Clint came over promptly and fixed it immediately, I was able to stock it up immediately thanks to them. Great Service, Reasonable Price, will use again.
5	My fridge went out yesterday, called around and everywhere was already closed. Starting making phone calls right at 8am, no one could get out until the following week, today is Friday, my fridge went out thurs. They were the last place I called, needless to say the lady on the phone was super nice, I had someone out here within 2 hours, the guy was here maybe 20 min and my issue was resolved! Very happy and pleased with their customer service.
1	I used A&R Appliance Repair for many years and was satisfied. My house was going on the market so had them come for a few repairs. One burner on my Gas Cooktop would not ignite. The repair man proceeded to break the cook top and admitted that he caused the problem. He even said he would see if they had a comparable cook top to replace it with. A&R  instead paid for new parts to repair the cooktop. When the job was complete none of the burners worked. The house sold and the stove did not pass inspection. Finally tired of the original making things worse I called for a supervisor. On July 17th a senior person came to the house and told my husband he didn't even need to go through the story of what happened because he had the weeks of paperwork. Once again it was explained that the final inspection coming up. All I needed was a working cooktop.I would call and yes I was frustrated answering the same questions and never getting the senior person on the phone again. The receptionists would always start the conversation asking how I knew the repairman broke the cooktop. Read the files so you know what was done every time he was in the house. And yes, I was angry. No one took responsibility for anything.A&R could not promise the cooktop would be in working condition before the final inspection. I threatened to take them to Small Claims Court more than once. With one week until the final inspection I was livid. Not cursing, just livid and certainly frustrated. I didn't get to talk to the supervisor, of course,  but was given his message. He said they would cancel the parts and I should take them to court. So I went out and bought a new cooktop so I could pass the inspection. A&R was totally incompetent in dealing with a situation they created. When it started I was a valued customer but since I would no longer require their services they decided they could treat me horribly. Remember this even if you are now a valued customer.
5	Have used this company for several years to fix my personal appliances and the appliances in my rental units. They have always done a great job and have great communication with my tenants. They remember my name when I call and are always friendly. I have never had a bad experience with them.
