5	This is one of my favorite coffee shops.  The coffee is wonderful!  They have a large selection of different kinds of coffee and can pretty much make anything you ask for!  They also have a breakfast and lunch menu if you're hungry.  The staff is great!  They are very knowledgeable about their coffee and extremely friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is relaxing and welcoming.  The coffee shop has lots of seating, along with some outdoor tables when the weather is nice.  Overall, I love this place and highly recommend it!
2	I really wanted to like this coffee shop because it seems like a nice family run business.  I have even read that their barista has won several competitions.  Unfortunately each time we have gone the staff seem disinterrested, they are out of all baked good, and they take FORVER to make even a single drink.  The drinks are well made, but after waiting an eternity for them and having nothing to enjoy them with I normally don't really care.  I am willing to give them another try, but maybe I will just skip them from now on and head to Uptown Coffee instead.
3	Aldo Coffee Co. is well-known in the South Hills area for some of the best coffee and espresso drinks.  If my review were based only on the drinks I would give it 5 stars.  We have been there several times and have repeatedly received slow, unfriendly and inefficient service.  I also find it annoying that a coffee shop of this size doesn't have a single high chair.  One other note - if you are looking for a goody (scone, muffin, etc) to go with your coffee, they run out of everything they have by around 10:00 AM on the weekend.
4	I really do love their coffee. If my review was based solely on that they would get 5 stars. Their coffee has been excellent every time we have gone. I have gone back several times and unfortunately only once out of the 3 times have we gotten our drinks in a reasonable amount of time (under 10 minutes).  They have had more baked goods when I have visited on the weekends hence the extra star upgrade for my review. They have been getting their drinks out much faster lately so I have added another star.  The quality of the drinks does vary between baristas but they are always good.  Now they just need to actually be friendly to get 5 stars.
3	I'd been here a couple of times with a friend of mine who lives in Mount Lebanon.  I can only rate the coffee here 'cos I've never had their food or baked goods. Good coffee here, but the help here seems a little eclectic.
4	OK, the person who does their tweets (@aldocoffee) is condescending and bitchy about how much they hate the South Hills and their ignorant  customers on Twitter (including bitching about my previous reviews here on Yelp) but I still think the coffee here is delicious.  And the people there have been friendly on many occasions.  So I probably could have upgraded them to 5 stars, but I really would like to take away a star due to their lack of common sense on Twitter.  It doesn't take a genius to know that you shouldn't badmouth the neighborhood that your business is located in and the people that frequent your business in an open forum like Twitter.
4	Nice "real" espresso bar in south hill, which apparently beats 98% of the coffee shop on the street. I like their espresso drinks in general. One thing I am not totally satisfied with is that when I ordered a latte last time, the barista put the milk on the machine instead of holding it. It would have been ok if she's so good at making milk foam to the extend she know how to make good latte foam without tuning the angle and depth etc. However, it didn't turn out all that nice. The foam was bubbly and the latte art was distorted... Oh, well, it's still much better then a cup of average starbucks latte tho.Their cheesecake is not bad either :)
5	As an out of town visitor from Boston, I was happy to find this coffee shop.  My pressed Tanzanian coffee was superb.  Comfortable, uncrowded seating as well.
2	Boo. This is not my favorite coffee shop. Sorry guys. The boyfriend and I thought we would try it since we were in the area and it had good reviews. Well I'm not a coffee snob but the caramel frappe was not very good. Nor was the iced latte the boyfriend got. There's a much better coffer shop on the Blvd in Brookline if your in need of a coffee fix!The girls here weren't very nice either. A little to "haughty" for me. Nice staff ALWAYS makes up for some so-so food in my opinion.
4	I love visiting this place when I am in town visiting my family. From the French press coffee to the yummy canollis (available with a few choices, which is nice- plain or choc ricotta filling, pistachios or choc shavings on the ends, etc), it is a nice place to sit on a quiet day and read a book and enjoy a coffee. I have always had pleasant service, though it sounds like things may have changed from what others have said; I hope that is not true.
4	Aldo roasts their own beans, and the aroma is just to die for. These guys are making some excellent coffee. Drip, press and espresso are the choices here, with a nice selection of in house roast and beans from Intelligentsia and elsewhere. They've got some good pastries, some made here and some that come from Mediterra. They offer quiche for lunch and make soup in the colder months. The shop itself is lovely and comfortable, with lots of seating. If you're really into the espresso experience you can take a barista training class here, and they have regularly scheduled coffee tastings. They even cater coffee and espresso for events. With all these extras, the point of a coffee shop is good coffee, and I don't walk by here without stopping in for a cup.
2	Decent coffee, bizarre service, mediocre food. I've been there several times during the week, and I just don't 'get' the love for this place. Honestly, I could (somewhat) forgive the lame food (quiche reheated top side down on the panini press so that it was crunchy/burned on top?) if the service had been less of an experience in obliviousness and/or it was less overpriced. $8 for a slice of inedible quiche and a small latte? Really? When I tried to bring it to her attention, she waved me away. No time to fix. Right. Maybe this is what someone meant in an earlier review about the "eclectic" staff?My recommendation: only go to Aldo if you have a LOT of time to wait in line while the server tries to do too many things at once. Don't get any food, just coffee. Sit outside, well away from the brusque employee(s).
4	Stopped in here for a quick cup and chatted it up with some of the baristas for about 10 minutes. They tolerated my questions and answered them respectfully. I had a small coffee of their house blend which I fully enjoyed. So I will swing by again once I can scrounge the $1.98 for a small coffee!  I don't care what anyone says $1.98 is high for a small coffee no matter how f***ing good it is. Bring it down to 1.75 after tax and I won't think your so over priced. But I will still recommend coming here.
4	I stopped in here for a latte and a quick snack.  The coffee is average, the people are very friendly, but what really sets the place apart is the quiche that they make fresh daily .  It is to die for!!!!  YUM!
