5	Jody's business is everything you need to grow your business, and it's all under one roof. That's very rare. Jody is the real deal. She's both highly professional and personable. Along with her MBA, she also has a street knowledge sense of what's going on in the real world and what's working right now. If you want expert guidance in getting more visibility and brand recognition for your business, contact her today.
5	Jody is truly a pleasure to work with. I had her do some marketing for my mom's catering business and she excelled every expectation. She's personable and easy to work with. I can't imagine doing business with anyone else for these matters!
5	Jody is very professional and very knowledgeable. She works very fast and efficiently. A quick meeting with her and she can envision your design. You will love working with her she is upfront with pricing and time frames.
5	My husband and I recently started our food booth at a local farmers market. We wanted to design a logo so that the public would know what kind of food we were serving when they saw the business name. And we found Jody!    I must say I can't imagine dealing with clients as picky as my husband and I are, truly Jody was very patient and quick with ideas. When we turned one down, she'd have another one ready for our opinion right away! Jody captured and envisioned exactly what we wanted our logo to look like. We highly recommend Jody's expertise and professional services. Thanks Jody for designing our business logo and keep up the great work  helping our business's marketing needs.
5	I've referred numerous clients to DeSimone Global Marketing and they have been extremely receptive. Jody, owner, helps them with their online marketing needs ranging from social media, web development/design, logo design, branding, organic search engine marketing, localized optimization, public relations and PPC. She's truly a jack of all trades and brings a team of experienced individuals with her. Extremely generous and works night and day to show your company that she is there to offer one-on-one services and consultation. Her humor and lightheartedness doesn't hurt either!If you're looking for the best deal out there and a dedicated marketing director, DeSimone Global Marketing is the one to contact. They work with small, local businesses all the way up to national franchises. You won't regret it!
