4	They make a good burrito.
4	We have been wanting to go here since they opened, as we live within two miles.  Finally made it in on Saturday, and were not disappointed.  My husband had the three way burrito, red, green and bean.  He said it was yummy.  I had the green burrito, and was impressed.  It was tasty and not full of beans and rice like some others.  Just the tortilla and meaty filling.  We will be back. Staff was helpful and friendly
4	back already!  My husband had the really spicy beef combo, and I had a chicken enchilada and taco combo.. I must admit, the beef was really tasty.  Spicy, but not overpowering.  the chicken was not really that spicy, they say all their chicken is spicy.Next time, I'll get the beef too.good food, smiling service, clean restaurant.
4	Welcome to my side of town! Best Breakfast Burrito in town made better at being able to get one any time during the day. Not to say the other food is bad but sometimes you succumb to the cravings. This, so much so, we would drive down to Alma School at 8:PM on as weekday just to get one. (Or several, depending if it was dinner time.) New owners are nice, not as Ghetto as the other place. (Is this a franchise?) Kid friendly, good food - reasonable prices and close by my house - win win go on in!
4	Just had an amazing breakfast burrito. Tortilla was fresh, eggs were seasoned, and the salsa was SPICY! Good value, too. If you're looking for flavorful Mexican food, that is inexpensive a quick - this is your place.
1	This restaurant smelled dirty. I had a green chili burrito that tasted like canned gravy, I didn't bother to eat more than a quarter because it was so horrible. My husband had a red chili burrito, and he has been sick with gas and diarrhea all day. Save your money and health and go somewhere else.
1	This restaurant smelled dirty. I had a green chili burrito that tasted like canned gravy, I didn't bother to eat more than a quarter because it was so horrible. My husband had a red chili burrito, and he has been sick with gas and diarrhea all day. Save your money and health and go somewhere else.
5	Just ate there for the first time. It was delicious. I had a steak and potato burrito. Don't get the chicken unless you love heartburn. It's crazy spicy as advertised. This is good cheap Mexican food. The service was very good.
5	Friday night 8pm or so.  Awesome food. Thank you. Don't change a thing :) Perfect rolled tacos, guac and sc on the side :) Steak, bean and cheese burritos are my favorite. Best burrito yet from y'all . Thank you again for the delivery so late. Cheers, Bob
2	We used to love over in Tempe and ordered from the burrito express off alma school and Elliot; we were bummed when we moved but then quickly got excited when opened up Gilbert.  We've ordered from here a few times and usually not so bad, expect for today.  Whoever answered the phone seemed extremely annoyed to be working, literally felt like I was bothering her.  Then we ordered a combo meal and asked for green sauce on an enchilada (btw I completely understand there is no substitutions) but since the sauce type isn't listed I really didn't expect that to be a problem...apparently it is.  To be honest it wouldn't of been that big of a deal but both the employee and manager were extremely rude.  Needless to say you have lost a pretty loyal customer! Step it up guys!
1	I'm sorry, the sickness I feel in my stomach is compelling me to post. And I never post ever. This place is objectively the worst Mexican takeout in the Gilbert-Chandler area. I'm sorry, but at least you know what your getting at Taco Bell and Del Taco. I got the Burrito Supremo (with very bad chicken and much for beans) and the Steak something. The steak was tasteless and luck warm. And a weird tinge of grey. Like it had been kept warm for a week in water grey. Don't go here.
5	I need to preface this 1 I love spicy Mexican food 2 I have eaten Mexican food all around the United States. This is not my first rodeo is what I'm trying to say As I walked in the door the manager shuffle his feet quickly to meet me and take my order. He greeted me with a smile and made me feel real comfortable kind of like an old friend. I asked what was in the Machaca burrito he was very detailed as to all the ingredients I was really quite impressed. I was impressed that he knew all the ingredients and that he wasn't upset or short with me for even asking. I asked for it to be spicy and it was perfect I had the green enchilada style my machaca burrito I had spicy green salsa everything was wonderful fresh and tasty I would highly recommend!!!! It only took 4 min to get my food. :-)
1	What a mess,  1 person running the place and people walking out in disgust at the crappy service.
4	One of my favorite hole in the wall take out Mexican food restaurants! I have yet to go wrong with anything here!
1	The worst burrito I've had in a long time it was a steak bean and cheese burrito was absolutely horrible the steak was some type of mystery meat not even edible borderline borderline dog food.
4	Great place to get breakfast burritos!! Been a few times and highly satisfied every time!
4	I'm from NY so I love finding little hole in the walls..ya this place looks sketchy but I wish there was more like this! I'm all for hot stuff I got the spicy machaca burro..and mann! It was spicy! Will def be back to try some more..I couldn't finish this nice sized burro due to the hotness but can't wait to try something else! Good size good price good food!
4	The sign proclaiming "best breakfast burrito" lured me in."So you have the best breakfast burrito?" I said to the dude at the counter."Well," said he, "we haven't tested it against all other burritos."I assured him this was okay, as I wasn't doing a scientific study. I ordered the chorizo burrito, which is $4.40.It is a large burrito, really more a burro, containing chorizo and scrambled eggs. No nonsense with onions or tomatoes -- you got your chorizo, you got your eggs. This is how it should be. The tortilla tasted fresh, and the chorizo/egg ratio was generously tilted toward chorizo, though the chorizo had a few odd gristly bits. As served, it was a better-than-average breakfast burrito... and with a drizzle of the salsa verde, it was a truly fine breakfast burrito. If I lived down in this neck of the woods, I'd be back to try more flavors.The place is a little dive hole-in-the-wall in a rural plaza where there are hay bales in the parking lot and the shop next door sells live chickens. You can get the free Gilbert newspaper from the rack out front and entertain yourself with the police blotter and the local restaurant inspection grades.
5	Not only is their delicious food always fresh and on point but every time we come in the guys are always really polite and accommodating. I appreciate how kind they are to everyone that walks in their door. The place is well kept and they always have sports on if you want to dine in and watch some tv. My favorite burrito is the supreme breakfast. I get it every time and I'm never disappointed.
1	Ordered for delivery and guy on the phone stated it would take 35 minutes. Delivery driver couldn't find our apartment even though they have delivered multiple times. Called the store and the guy acted like it wasn't a big deal. We had to literally walk to a spot at our apartment complex where the driver was. All in all it took an hour and a half and we had cold food and missing item.EXTREMELY disappointed. We have ordered numerous times, it's a shame this place lost it. I won't be going back.
