3	I've often said that if I was forced to eat food only from one part of the world for the rest of my life, there wouldn't be any hesitation: Mexican is how I'd roll. My favorite food, Beer and Shot are all Mexican, so whatever genie or cult leader was inexplicably forcing me into this strange dietary restriction wouldn't hear any complaining from this guy. So when a group of us were in search of food walking through downtown Montreal, and nobody expressed a clear preference, my mind went into Robocop vision, silently but vigilantly scanning every storefront for signs of tasty Mexican eateries.Soon we came across the colorfully painted "Taqueria Mex". The food was Mexican, the menu was Bilingual and the logo sported some colorful birdies. I was off to the races, pleading a case for this as our lunch spot.One odd thing was, there were tables and we were given menus, but no waiters or waitresses. We think this fact may have been explained to us, but as none of us in the group speak french, there were several minutes of waiting for a waitress that never came, before approaching the counter to order and take our food back to our table.At that point, I was pretty hungry, so I actually opted for 2 entrees, each coming with a side that I shared with the rest of my table, as to not be a complete fatass. I went with the Chicken Burrito Grande, and a steak taco (nachos and rice for the sides). The Chicken Burrito Grande was tasty, but the way it was assembled lended to more of a knife-and-fork style than a standard eat-with-your-hands style I'm accustomed to. The Steak Taco wasn't as good. As someone who grew up loving Taco Bell's 99 cent tacos, at a hefty $4+ dollars for a single Taqueria Mex Taco, that taco better come correct. I should savor every bite, I should be taken aback by the magnificent flavors, that taco should be giving my taste buds handjobs for over $4 per. Sadly, it was just another blandish Taco, topped with Tomato (ack!) and Avocado. One thing it had going for it though, was an interesting innovation in cheese technology. Instead of sprinkling shredded cheese atop the taco as a topping, the cheese was introduced by being melted between 2 tortillas like a small grilled cheese sandwich. Pretty sweet, actually. However it wasn't enough to save me from feeling ripped off.Topped off with a couple of Coronas and a trip to their Salsa Bar (featuring 5 different salsas, as well as other toppings and spices) made it quite a nice meal, albeit a little pricey.
3	First time I went there was amazing. Then, terrible, then terrible, terrible, then amazing once in awhile.  But I find myself craving it when I pass by it for some reasons...so I go back. It is really affordable and I do prefer their tacos to 3 amigos, but I'm not a big Mexican food eater so I can only go by my own preferences.
5	Doesn't seem people have posted about this place lately- I don't find the quality has been going down over the years as other yelpers might. Food bursting with flavour, always a great deal for the money, great atmosphere, fabulous for kids, not too noisy but still some life to the place. The salad is amazing, the selection of salsas is wonderful, burritos are a MUST at this place. Frankly I think it's the best Mexican joint in Montreal by a long shot.
4	After a long walk around Parc Mont-Royal, we came upon this hidden gem. Nothing fancy, just some good home-style Mexican recipes. The price is just awesome, especially when compared to other restaurants around that area.Edit: This was a review I meant to post from mid-July 2013. It's just that I couldn't find this restaurant on the mobile (iPhone) Yelp app.
4	This place is a mix of a restaurant and a cafeteria. You order at the cash and pay immediately. Then the cashier or another waitress brings you your food within 5 minutes.I've been going there for forever. Now I eat veggie and they have a veggie burrito that rocks. Very filling and very tasty- and I usually get it with salad, not rice. I used to come here even when I ate meat and still come here with meat eaters. Everyone is always happy.You have to fetch the cutlery and condiments yourself and there's an awkwardly placed sneeze protector that makes the task harder than it needs to be but I guess that's minor.The place is brightly decorated in vibrant colours and it gets 4 stars instead of 5 just because of the weird cafeteria environment. Tasty food though - fairly inexpensive.
4	i have been eating there almost every day at lunch for the past year. Cheap delicious mexican food. Dont be discouraged by the line up at lunch hour, you rarely wait more than 10 minutes to get your food.Weird fact: They train a new waitress almost every day. Not sure what that's all about!
4	Great mexican joint. Been here a couples times and they always deliver the goods.Portions are huge , salsa bar has plenty of choice, food is tasty and fresh. Probably not what you would call an "authentic" Mexican restaurant (more of a TexMex feel) but I totally can live with that. One huge platter, a soft drink (or a beer) and a churro (microwaved, NOT GOOD) set me under 20$. Will have to taste the marguaritas next time.
4	When I walked in, it wasn't too busy, though it got a bit busier afterwards. While there weren't too many people working (one server/cashier, and one cook), the service was fast, and very courteous. The server had good recommendations, and overall the tacos were great. I was eating within 10 minutes of walking in there! The selection of food on the menu is astounding, but the quality is absolutely impeccable! I'd suggest anyone looking for decent Mexican food (inexpensive) to try it. They also have a truly awesome salsa bar!
