4	Get ready to use those paper towels!If you like American BBQ, this is the place.  Great sandwiches w/ fries for a good price.  I dig it!I grabbed the Beef Brisket Sandwich combo w/ a drink and landed at $10.24 after tax.  Yum!We got there just before noon and there was no line.  We were lucky because after we ordered and sat down, a HUGE line formed because the local high school students just got out for lunch.  Make sure you get there before they do!There's great outdoor seating if you're there on a sunny day.  Nice spot for a relaxing lunch w/ friends.
5	Mmmm Bofinger's pulled pork sandwich is amazing. It's heaven in your mouth.Alabama hot sauce is key for that bad boy.French fries are insanely good too.
2	Came here for a late lunch. The ordering concept was interesting, the decoration was appropriate and in theme, but unfortunately the food was quite disappointing. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The pork was chewy not tender. It felt like it had been cooked and then forgotten on the counter and dried out. The flavor was there, but the texture and moisture wasn't. Disappointing. Same with the fries. They had already been cooked and were simply deep fried a second time. They tasted oily and were very soggy. Not something I look forward to in a frie. I tried my gfs BBQ pork ribs: again it tasted good flavor wise, but seemed very dry.Overall, the BBQ flavor was great, but the food wasnt.
3	Now, I've had the real deal BBQ in the past. Bowfinger is "ok" BBQ, but definitely not the real deal.I had the Assiette de Viande (large), it comes with two sides. I ordered Beef and Pork, then Mac N Cheese and Coleslaw.The beef was a bit dry, they reheat the meat by the way.  There isn't enough turn around to have a smoker running 24 hours a day.  Porc was good but not great.
3	This piece of heaven is designed to make you feel like you've died and woke up in the suburbs, but the suburbs of Texas or Houston or the Mississippi, unfortunately the cooks are all from here which means it's about as authentic as a bottle of BBQ sauce that says, 'Imported from El Paso Texas'. I had the ribs and tried the pulled pork at different times, if you have ever tried to make either of these things it's not that hard after a few times so when a place says it's known for it, they better be better than the junk you make, and they weren't, too dry, warm and drowning in sauce makes you feel like you had some food from down south but you took the wrong exit. I would give this place a few more years to get better or just give er up and head on back to the ranch.
4	A place to get an American style BBQ fix in Montreal, nothing more.  They're on the pricier side, but then, given this is Montreal, they're actually a decent value.  They have pretty good pork ribs.  Chicken & beef were dry and hard.  Extra sauce on the side always helps.  I liked their fries more than their meat, though... crispy and salty... really unhealthy, but you don't eat fries to be healthy, so for a "bad" food, they were great.  Potato salad was pretty good, too.  Mac-n-cheese was kind of like the Kraft box ones. They deliver!!!!  Always give an extra star for delivery!
3	We were looking for a " family friendly" restaurant to have a few drinks and an early dinner. Most of the restaurants we walked past were quaint, cute French bistros with very tight seating. With a 22 month old, that just wasn't gonna happen. Happened upon this place and decided to give it a try. Glad we did! The beef ribs were incredible. So much flavor and cooked to perfection. Had a Moosehead beer with it - the perfect complement. Kids had room to fiddle in their chairs (patio cushion type seating) and Mommy and Daddy were very happy. Very happy with our first meal in Montreal !
4	If you're craving for meat, this is the place to go. The food is excellent and the service is great. Pretty original ordering concept, where you can mix&match your meat and sauces. Had a great meal !
3	Usually fine - never great. BUT I ordered via A La Carte Expresse and received tiny portions of fries, cold Texas Toast, and less than half a pound of the chicken drumsticks (ordered and paid for 1lb as per the menu). Calling to complain resulted in a 25% refund in the form of an A La Carte credit. It will be a long time before I order from Bofinger again - and I'm not thrilled with the delivery service either.
3	Ordered the Poboy sandwhich. The sandwich was great, and ordered the Mac and cheese. Having been to many BBQ places in Canada and the states, the Mac and cheese is the reason I'm giving 3 stars. I'm almost certain that it's Kraft dinner velveeta. Not terrible but I could have done the same thing in my pjs in my kitchen. Really not worth spending more than a box of Kraft dinner at Walmart.Not real Mac and cheese whatsoever, and it was the part I was excited about the most. IF I come back here I'll definitely only be ordering a sandwhich and fries.
1	Ordered BBQ chicken sandwich, poutine and mac & cheese. For the amount we paid, the chicken sandwich was small, the poutine was not that good and the mac & cheese was a Velveeta ready-made dinner. Do not recommend.
