5	I love the library.  This is my local branch, and frequent here often.  Membership is free, as long as you are a local resident.  Some of the benefits include computer usage, checking out books, all the local standard library stuff that you would expect.What I love about this place is that they are open 7 days a week, and late during the week (I think until 8 PM.)  I love going here on Sundays to check my email on the computer, etc.  I think you can print here for 20 cents a page or something.  Plus, the staff here seems to be efficient and so far, has answered all of my questions when asked.
4	Heh, didn't know reviewing a library would be so hard...I've been sitting here thinking of how to go about it for about 15 minutes.  Anyway...Books!  Yeah they got'em.  The ones you want.  And they will GET the ones you need.  That's right, the Chandler Library system has awesome tools on their website that allow you to borrow from other branches, AND other libraries throughout the country.  But...that really doesn't have anything to do with this SPECIFIC branch.  I rate it so high because of the customer service.  The help desk is just that...HELP.  I try to do research and have the author and the name of the book all ready for them to just search it on their database...well, sometimes I forget my handy little lists at home and then I'm screwed.  But the people at this branch have you covered.  They are patient, friendly, knowledgeable, and they are easy to find lingering around the aisles or behind the desk.Once you've got your items, you'll be greeted by the people at the check-out desk.  Once again, these folks are friendly, conversational, helpful, and some of them are just plain funny.  The whole staff makes this place a pleasure to visit.Now, as far as the facility itself...  Clean, efficient, organized, bright, and well kept.  There isn't much of a 'chill-spot' vibe here, though.  Its basically a computer area (plentiful), the books, and a decent sized study area.  No cafe or comfy couches and stuff.  Go to the main branch for that.  Haven't had to use the bathroom there yet...(yes, that is important to some people).I cannot complain about them not having specific books when I want them, due to the internet system they have.  However, this branch doesn't have as big of a selection as the main Chandler branch.  This review is being written specifically to point out the outstanding staff they have, so sorry if I'm a little light on the nitty-gritty.
5	Not only is membership free for locals, it's free for ALL Maricopa County residents.But that's not the best part - the BEST part of this branch (and the whole Chandler Library system in fact) is the selection of DVD's they have for check out.  They have very recent releases as well as some oldie-but-goodies. So next time you want to an awesome movie, check out the Chandler Library system before you spend a whole dollar at Redbox.They also have a great selection of CD's - from mainstream to somewhat obscure to pretty awesome "deluxe editions" (I found Rancid's 3 disc edition of Let The Dominoes Fall at two of the branches).The Sunset branch isn't huge but it's got LOTS of stuff, and if you don't want to trek to one of the other locations they'll transfer stuff for you.TIP: check out the children's section's DVD's - I don't know why some things are over there instead of the regular section - but there can be some goodies over there.
4	Reduce, reuse and recycle... I'm trying to embrace this way of life more as I get older.  I used to run out to the local bookstore to buy a book that I'd heard about... now I always make sure to check my local library first (call or go online to do so).That being said, Chandler's Sunset Branch is a great little library that is free free free!  In addition to books, they also have fun activities for kids, such as story time and baby sign language.  These activities run on a schedule though and often take breaks when the kids are on break so make sure to check the library calendar!   Might see ya there!
4	I think I like this branch the best out of all the Chandler libraries. It usually has anything I'm looking for, and it's not as crowded as the downtown branch. I just wish I lived closer!
5	I bring my daughters to this library at least twice a week.  My kids love it there.The facility is always clean and organized.  They have even gone through a recent remodel.  The place looks wide open now.  It doesn't look like a typical library.The librarians have always treated us nicely.  There's even a guy there that tells us a joke every time we visit.  That dude is awesome!Sunset Library is everything a library should be.
5	One of the best library I have seen. they have Kids activities there and the best part is self checkout
3	Nice library, about half the size of the downtown library and that's fine for me. I literally live right down the street from the downtown library but it is always so crowded and hot. There is a small area for computer tables and I really loved that there are huge ceiling to floor windows for you to look out of. Perfect for rainy days. No cafe or any of those frills here. I thought someone was coming out of the bathroom but it was just the door opening on its own, they're motorized automatically. Overall, I wouldn't come here to look for books just because they have a much smaller collection and I always just send any books they have that I want to pickup at the downtown branch, but I would come back here to work. It's very quiet. Shhhh!
3	While the library facilities have gotten substantially better since the makeover, the attitudes of the librarians has gotten worse over time.  Any time I go to ask for help from a librarian, they are full of attitude and disdain, like I am inconveniencing them by asking for help.  And a couple of times when I was notified that I had items on hold and they weren't on the hold shelf, I went to ask the librarian to ask for help, and they would get very snarky.
5	You have to love all of the public library systems we have available to us in the Valley.  I am a member of the Phoenix, Scottsdale and Chandler Public Libraries.  I have recently started frequenting the Chandler Public Library Sunset Branch as it is very convenient for my work.  I go online, put the item(s) I want on hold and they notify me when they are ready.  Picking them up is a breeze (although, like all libraries, their parking lot gets full) as I just grab the item(s) off the hold shelf, go to the self check out and leave.  The Staff is friendly and helpful and this branch has a very nice atmosphere.
4	Chandler-Sunset is awesome. It's clean and well organized, and the staff is amazing. They are patient and kind, and always make time for you. The library isn't huge--if you want big, go to the Downtown branch. However, they're always happy to reserve things on hold and have them delivered to Sunset for you. They have study rooms and tables to write or work at, as well as computer stations. I love the self-checkout system they have set up. It's awesome. If you want a great place to go and work, read, or browse--forget B&N, go to the library.
4	Can't believe I've lived in Chandler for almost two years now and just making my way over to Sunset Library! Oh yeah, call me a geek because I still use the library. Come at me. ;) Don't expect anything like Phoenix's Burton Barr ... I like to think of this place as a community library. The staff here was very friendly in showing me around and setting up my account!Easy enough to get a card; just prove you're a Chandler resident (drivers license or car registration work just fine). When you first get your card, you may check out five items. Bring them back on time, and you can check out up to 100 items (obviously there's a limit on DVDs and CDs). Nice computer area, and I believe you can print for 20 cents a page.  Lots of study rooms you can reserve for students and anyone else looking to get their study / productive-ness on. Oh, and the bathrooms were clean in comparison to other places, always a plus! Glad to have you in the neighborhood, Sunset Library!
4	Libraries,book stores they all excite me.if you are the same,make a trip to the AZ Chandler Public Library, Sunset Branch.Entrance is free and I highlight recommend following one of the Free Library tours,its a great opportunity to really learn a little more about the place. The architecture and art inside is also beautiful if knowing you are in the presence of some incredible books in not enough to keep you interested. The museum shop also has some cool gifts and novelties for the book geek in you or someone you know who loved books.
5	We had been inside before, but not really seen the magnificent architecture of the building.The wooden parts and the seeling paintings.Wow!
4	Don't just gaze at this colossal structure from the outside, head inside and discover all three floors of grandeur. When you are done, make sure to head out back to take a stroll.
5	We love this library!It is a smaller branch of the Chandler Public a Library System. This equates to a smaller selection of books. We usually do a lot of book requests from the larger downtown library. They have some good programming throughout the week - check out the online calendar for current offerings. My favorite feature is the new 3M library app that the library just announced.  The hope is that patrons will have a better experience with the library's digital collection.  They no longer participate in the Greater Phoenux Digital Library from Overdrive. It looks like the 3M app has a really great selection of current and popular books. Be sure to look at the for sale books on the wall when you first walk in!  I've found done great deals on sought after books!
