5	I didn't know that Hart Witzen had moved to a new location, the new place is opened up and full of life!  When I went they had live video art and abstract graffiti art.  The weirdest part about it is that dance music now has a direct connection with modern pop art.  Anyways, there was a live DJ there and everyone was getting down.  I shook one of the artists hands and almost crushed it-oh those fragile, fragile artists.  I enjoyed all the work, but it seemed like most people there were only around to socialize, besides that it was a great time.
5	I hit up Hart-Witzen last night for their SOUP opening, and it was really amazing. I particularly enjoyed Malena Bergman's piece about worms and death and grass and birth and all that...it was very exciting to imagine listening to the worms. I wish the gallery could have been quiet so I could have heard. Also Barbara Schreiber's cute, graphic stuff was a lot of fun. I wish I could have all her little kittens and bunnies. The space is large and open, which was nice. I kind of wish it had been a bit bigger, as I would have liked to have had more to look at. Good thing it was gallery crawl night, so we were able to go check out more stuff at the other places nearby.
4	PICKLES FARMERS MARKETThis review is for the farmer's market held at the gallery Saturdays 8am-2pm. I went to the market with about 24 dollars cash after a yoga class. I arrived a little before noon and did a walk around. The space is not terribly big and there seemed to be about fifteen or so vendors. For sale were your usual farmer's market items, fruits and veggies, but also farm raised, hormone free chicken and red meat, baked goods, incense, and arts&crafts. I spent all my money and came away with three cucumbers, a handfull of bite-sized plums, extra large scallions, five potatoes, two fried pies, pecan coffee cake, a mini fruit pie, peaches, homemade butter garlic herb biscuits, and a few beefsteak tomatoes. There was a vendor that sold loose tea, but I ran out of money before I got to him. I would have liked to have seen more leafy greens since there are so many of them in season at this time. The overall selection was no where close to some of the markets Ive been to, the prices were reasonable. Farmer's markets are all about BUYING LOCAL and as a advocate of the slow food movement, I am just glad that Noda has one!*I was able to get some better deals having arrived later in day and a couple hours before closing.
3	It's a great space, probably the best in Charlotte. Unfortunately the owner is difficult and peculiar and doesn't connect well with people. Serious outside artists intimidate the owner which lessens the quality of art exhibited. The last show I went to see there kids were everywhere unattended by their parents abusing the art works. A good gallery MUST have principles.
