5	I just stayed at this place, and I have to tell you,   what an experience.  I have stayed at the Mgm Grand, Caesar's and the Wynn,   but this place has them beat, especially in service,  the service is impeccable!!!   the rooms are comfortable, i especially love the fact that you can get a room with a balcony.  Also   this place is a no smoking, no gambling building so you wont be hearing any annoying slot machines or smelling second hand smoke.   Plus there's a walk way to the MGM grand,  yea its a five to seven minute walkk,   but there's a people mover so your not really walking.   CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!
5	a non-smoking haven in the heart of vegas. I loved our room here. Super comfy beds, incredible customer service, nice gym and quiet. You can see paris from the balcony (well, we could from ours). It's passcard protected from the MGM grand, but easy enough to walk to get there. Would definitely stay again!
5	This is fantastic place to stay in Vega$!!!In the past, I've stayed at the...-MGM Grand (the pre-fire original)-Circus Circus-Excalibur-Caeser's Palace-The Mirage-Bellagio-THEhotel (close second)...but the Signature is my favorite. Here's why...-No Smoking!!!-Fantastic Bathroom Amenities, jacuzzi, toiletries, etc...-Quiet...away from the hustle & bustle-Not crowded at all-The lobby actually has places to sit...rare in other hotels-Awesome in-suite dining (My wife and I recommend the fries!)-Free internet (included with the $15/day resort fee)-Full kitchen supplies-Goose feather pillows and high thread count sheets-Service, Service, Service!-My wife (first time in Vega$ with my wifey)We would love to stay here again!
4	We stayed in a one bedroom suite for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  The foldout queen really was the best foldout I ever slept on (and better than many hotel beds).  Loved the extra space, modern meets "Four Seasons" decor, and the awesome service.  Being geeks, we also appreciated the wifi included in the resort fee as probably would have paid $13 at most other resorts.  Eating and relaxing in the room is especially easy if you get takeout from the Jean Phillipe Patisserie and fill up the jacuzzi.  It was really nice to get away from the crowds and after all the walking, we decided that this is about as south on the strip we want to stay.A few additions to existing reviews: the floors are small-ish so you never have to walk too far to get to your room, if you don't count the walk back to the hotel.  Delights, the cafe in tower 2 serves good food, just be prepared to wait since they're slow.  The one bedroom suite comes with two bathrooms and the "side" bath also has a shower, not just a half bath.  We found that walking out the driveway and over to the strip was more efficient to travel to the "upper" properties like Wynn and Bellagio.  Not sure how you could travel through the main casino in 10 minutes or less as some tripadvisor reviews have stated.I've stayed in the Bellagio, MGM Grand, Mirage, and Caesars.  Even with the location being slightly further, the Signature still wins. Non-Smoking, luxurious, apartment style, roomy, and friendly staff really made our trip and worth the money we spent.  I think this is my favorite place to stay until the new City Center ( http://www.citycenter.com ) puts similar hotels on the Strip.
5	I loved this place.  This was my first time in Vegas.  I went with four of my girls, it was 2 of them's 30 birthday (twins).  I had read reviews about this hotel prior to the trip saying that I should request a room on a higher floor with a balcony, facing the strip.  When I arrived, they told me that were not able to accomodate my request but asked if it would be ok to upgrade me to a corner, 1 bedroom suite for no extra charge.  Of course I said yes.  The suite was awesome.  It had tow bathrooms, both with showers.  The master bath had a 2-person jacuzzi in it too (more could fit that just 2!)  There was a flat screen in the living room, the bedroom and the master bath.  The kitchen had everything you would need if you wanted to cook (we didn't).  But we did keep our drinks,along with the water they give, cold in the huge subzero fridge.  Housekeeping was awesome as well.  The first morning they rang the doorbell and we told them that we would be sleeping for a long time, so they called around 1:00 pm and I told them they could come.  They made the room look beautiful all over again, since all of us trashed it trying to get ready.  The 2nd day we put the do not disturb light on so they didn't bother us, they just left a note to call them when we were ready for them.  We switched the housekeeping light on and they were there immediately.  WOW!!!  We did tip them $5-$10/day because they earned it!I loved being away from the hustle and bustle of the strip without being too far away from everything.  The doormen were great, the concierge's were awesome, the free apples in the lobby were yummy, the lounge chairs at the pool were plush and comfy, etc............Plus, when the cabdrivers and other people asked where we were staying, they looked at us like we were celebrities.I would definately stay here again.PS, be prepared for the $15/day + tax resort fee.  Even if you book on travelocity or expedia, they don't include it.
4	Things you will not see at The Signature...- The 6 dudes from Jersey in tank tops walking around with yard sticks of slushee drinks from Fat Tuesdays- Gladys the 86 year old chain smoker from Sparks, NV- Poor saps like me walking through 50 banks of slot machines with my roller bag just trying to get to my room- That super sweet cover band singing the latest and greatest from Huey Lewis and the newsAnyways...other reviewers have this place spot on.  It's connected to the MGM Grand which makes it accessible and still technically on the strip but when you walk through those key carded doors, you enter something completely different.  It's quiet, smoke free, and quite pleasant.  When the archdog is wasted and it's time to "leave the party" either under my own power or not, the last thing I want is more "Vegas."  The MGM Signature is a nice escape with plush beds, flat screen HD TVs, and large jacuzzi spas.  The pool scene is quite nice too.    This is my new Vegas HQ.  In case you were wondering.
1	This review isn't based on me actually having stayed there.  Because why?  Because they overbooked so I was moved to Mandalay Bay.I was really excited about staying at The Signature because the pictures on their site look great, and hello whirlpool spa tubs and flat-screen TVs in the bathroom?  I could stay there all day.But as I said, they overbooked and the most I got to see was the lobby (which was nice and a little weird honestly because of the lack of casino), and they said they'd comp me a night.  I was fine with it all, but it's now almost two weeks later and now The Signature and Travelocity are giving me the run around on my refund. Another note, it seems really far from the strip.  I can't say how long of a walk it is (because again, didn't stay there, bitter am I?  tiny bit yeah, tiny bit), but from the strip it looks far.
5	Absolutely my most favorite place to stay in vegas right now!  Everything is new, and the fact that there is no smoking (or gambling) on the premises itself, your clothes never smell like cigs.  Great bathroom and the whirlpool tub is quiet a delight!  The staff was attentive, but I did notice that they did make a few minors errors, such as not coming to clean out room when it requested, until i had to request it the second time, and also during check in, they forget to activate your room keys.  The room service food was sooooooooooo good; not to mention how fast it got there.  I love the exclusiveness of this place.  They have their own pool area, which you need a key to get access to, or else if you want to be around more people, and in a more party pool setting, you can just quickly go over to the mgm pool.  I must stay here again!
4	My third trip to Vegas (this summer lol) and my second stay here.  We took the comped rooms at the MGM  on our second trip but nah... their suites don't compare to the rooms here - so sure, MGM can't comp us our room here at the Signature but who cares, I like it MUCH better here!  I would give it five stars except I'm here in Tower three right now and it took  way too long to check-in earlier this 'evening' at almost 1am.  There was only one person working the desk and the customer from hell was asking a gazillion questions while checking in and the staff made no effort to let her know the line behind her was building slowly but surely.  Yes, I know you're going to be in Las Vegas... but it doesn't mean that every time you step into your hotel lobby, those damn noisy slot machines or that ashtray/cancer-air has to hit your face like a ton of bricks!  I love Las Vegas and I actually love the gambling part... but I also like the quiet nature of the Signature where you feel you can relax in your room (all suites).  We got a junior suite (both times) and they are  clean, modern and spacious.  It has a comfortable couch and coffee table and a kitchenette with a mini-stove and microwave.  I know, with all the fancy restaurants out on the Strip, nobody's gonna' be cooking no gourmet meal here, so a microwave is more than sufficient but the option is nice to have.  Yes, it's fully loaded with dishes, silverware and wine glasses (I checked lol) so if you're suddenly hit by the cooking-bug and have the inspiration to make your mom's meatloaf, you're in luck! :D  ...where to get groceries nearby, umm.... can't help you there mate! :)  If you, like me, like hanging out by the pool but dislike the thought of walking the eight miles over to the pool ('coz aren't the bloody pools all a gazillion miles away from the main tower in Vegas hotels) only to find it overcrowded (with kids arrgh!) and worst, polluted with noise... rest assured that this is not the regular Las Vegas pool experience.  Sure, you still get the unbelievably sexy women with their new boobies parading around with their old hairy slimy men-friends... it's much more low-key and quiet here. And, if you're a nerd like my husband, the hotel's WiFi reaches all the way to the pool.  I think kids would absolutely hate being in this pool with the temptation of the river pool just a moving walkway away - if you're traveling with kids (sorry) but still like the sound of The Signature, guess what?! You get the best of both worlds. If they want to try out that river-pool over at the MGM, they can!  Yes, you get to use all their pool facilities.  Can you beat that?!Actually, yes!  ...'coz where do you find the least crowded Starbucks in Las Vegas?  Right here next to the lobby of the hotel in Tower 1 - I have not fully checked out tower 3 yet so I will update this review  :)  They close earlier then the rest of the Starbucks of course, but for your first cuppa, you don't need to fight tooth and nail with the rest of the city to clear your head of just how much money you threw into the slots last night lol!
5	This is absolutely my favorite hotel in Vegas. It is a tranquil oasis away from the crazy madness that is Vegas, yet you're only one long private hallway away from it all.The Signature is connected to the MGM Grand by a private hallway that is only accessible by the Signature guests. Signature guests can use all of the facilities at MGM Grand, but MGM Grand guests cannot use Signature's facilities.How do I love the Signature? Let me count the ways:The gated entrance manned by a guard (any cars pulling in must check in with the guard).The quiet and serene lobby, sophisticated and elegant. And what's that scent? No, it's not secondhand smoke, as in every other hotel in Vegas. It's a lovely citrusy smell, reminiscent of a spa with the same relaxing effect.The marbled foyer when you enter your room. The super-luxe bed with high thread count sheets and fluffy down comforter. The Villeroy & Boch tableware. The full kitchenette with state-of-the-art appliances and stove. The wine glasses, both stem and stemless. The plasma television. The additional flat screen television in the bathroom, placed so you can watch while you take a bubble bath in the jacuzzi bathtub made for two. The separate oversized glass shower. The best toiletries I've ever had at a hotel (June Jacobs - the bath gel smells wonderful and fills your jacuzzi bathtub with bubbles that last and last).If I can help it, I'm never staying anywhere else in Vegas.
5	um, i saw oates (of hall & oates - sarah smile, hello?!!!)  here.  if that doesn't  merit a 5 star review, then i don't know what does.oh, it's also a great place to stay if you're not really on board w/all that vegas has to offer (that would be me).  away from the strip, no casino in the towers (though mgm grand is connected through inner hallways/moving sidewalks), nice pools, quiet.
4	Otherwise known as "The Siggy", this hotel is just what I need when I am in Vegas. Private entrance (for early morning arrival home), no casino in the lobby (bing bing bing bing bing) and two full bathrooms plus a separate bedroom. The only loss of star was that I emphatically asked for a room with a view of the strip (North West as to not have the sun shine in early in the morning) and they stuck me low and to the East ....
5	I got to stay here for $75 for my entire stay because I'm lucky and know an owner. I didn't have to pay for any resort/fitness center fees or exorbitant "water" fees.I love the smoke-free environment, professional staff with friendly service, and all the amenities that this hotel has to offer (that others have already generously listed here).You really feel like a celeb here. It's a true oasis. FIVE STARS!I'm going back this weekend. WOOT!
3	We stayed in a junior suite in Tower 2 on the 38th floor (upper penthouse).  The view was okay facing the Strip, but the Strip was a long block away and the giganormous Planet Hollywood on the cross-street (Harmon Ave.) directly next to the tower was in some round-the-clock stage of construction.  (We happened to be there on opening night of PH, as well, so traffic was horrendous!)But I digress.  It was nice to have an actual balcony, although there was no outdoor furniture to sit on.  The interior of our simple, open square room was nice with dark wood and granite countertops in the kitchenette, which included a microwave, one-burner cool stovetop, half refrigerator, cookware, and utensils.  We also found lush king bedding, a clean and open bathroom with dual sinks, jacuzzi tub and separate shower all dressed in marble and granite.  All other kudos have been described by others already, but I'll add this list directly from The Signature's brochure:*Private check-in and check-out privileges through The Signature's lobby*Concierge in each tower*24-hour in-suite dining*Private heated pool complex*Poolside cabanas*Starbucks coffee shop*24-hour valet parking*Lobby Lounge*Fitness Center*24-hour bell staff*Business Center*Limo service*Same-day laundry and dry-cleaning services*Meeting spaceAlthough The Signature Towers are a 10-minute covered walk to the MGM and the Strip, as soon as you hit the MGM Grand Pool Area you have the MGM Spa and a number of eateries within a few feet of the The Signature private entrance.  Here we enjoyed lunch at 'wichcraft, which helped make up for not visiting Manhattan this year...and an incredible dinner at Seablue.  We also managed to squeeze in some spa treatments the morning of our departure.So why three stars?Service was spotty:  wonderful at times and downright rude at others.The computer systems seemed out of sync:  both my name and hubby's were supposedly in the system, but hubby was given a difficult time regarding services a couple times b/c they could not find him.  When they did find him, they did not apologize and simply continued to treat him as if he did not belong there.  Also, despite confirming a late check-out b/c of the spa treatments we had booked, we were both locked out of our room at the usual check-out time.The fragrance that funnels through the ventilation system caused allergies so intense that I was congested through dinner at Seablue and sneezing until I had a nosebleed.  I would prefer the hotels that claim to be smoke-free also be fragrance-free, but sleeping with the balcony door open helped.And that long walkway to get to the nightlife...well, you need to be prepared for it.  Many times we didn't "go back upstairs" b/c it was a hassle.  The Signature is a great place for privacy and business meetings, but if you want to partake of the Vegas scene, you probably would enjoy staying in the MGM Grand, where you still have easy access to the wonderful selection of MGM's 4- and 5-star restaurants and its shows, or elsewhere right on the Strip.  My favorite luxury hotel in Vegas is still the Wynn for its unique design, elegance, and top-notch but not-snot service.
2	miscommunication - and lies from staff, very unbecoming for a new establishment in this town.due to a delayed flight, our paid-for suite was "unavailable" even tho we reserved it 3 months prior, and it was "guaranteed".  well, the mgm signature manager told us they had to downgrade us to a junior suite, but that they would take $110 off of the tab / night, as well as $150 credit for roomservice.  suffice to say the $110 credits never happened, and when we called them on it a month later, they were rude about it.  stay away from this place - even tho the facilities are nice, the balcony is a real treat - but not worth the fiasco with billing with this place, and getting lied to by management.+1 star for the facilities, it is a nice place (but completely 1 star management/service/BS runaround)
5	The Signature is a breath of fresh air when it comes to Vegas, I mean literally fresh air. A no smoking establishment in Vegas is every Californians dream, unless you're a smoker that is. The signature is new, clean, and fresh. The rooms are high tech and I could spend hours in the jacuzzi tub. We didn't have a fancy suit, just a standard room, but that alone felt like a suit. The service is unparalleled on the strip. While is it about a ten minute walk to the MGM it is totally worth it in my opinion. There is a tunnel, with people movers that gets you around.Highly, highly recommended if you want to stay in a clean, fresh room.
5	Oh Vegas.  How do I love thee?Let me count the ways.  Gambling, drinking at all hours, hot dudes and chicks, gambling, magic shows, Prince impersonators, gambling, drinking.Hey did I say gambling and drinking?If you loathe the smell of cigs in your beautiful, naturally curly hair like I do...stay at the Signature.  It's smoke free.  It's also casino free...but that's ok with me because a 5 minute walk drops you right into the MGM casino.  No biggee.I absolutely LOVED the rooms here.  They were quite spacious with a huge bathroom, complete with jacuzzi tub that you know the hubster and I christened.  Room 21-819 if you were wondering.  Each room has a kitchenette with all the amenities, big flat screen TV with actual channels to watch, a desk, a couch, a plush and comfy bed.  Good toiletries too if you go for that sort of stuff.I was sad to be away from my munchkin for 2 days...but the drinking and gambling made up for it.
5	What a great bed! What a great bathroom! The biggest problem was that the down duvet is so warm that you had to turn the air down to 68 degrees at night. But that high threadcount linen really works for me! Such a comfortable bed.Our junior suite had a jacuzzi tub (be careful getting in and out of it). There was a flat screen in the bedroom and small TV in the bathroom so you can watch TV in the jacuzzi tub. Dual sinks in the batch room and a very large glass shower. So there were a few negatives:It is a fairly long walk to the nearest really Vegas activties (10 minutes or so). This is to the MGM Grand. It is moving walkway assisted but on New Years Eve and the few days after that parts of the walkway were non-functional. Probably just as well given how much we ate. The flat screen TV in the room also gave some problems and dining in the hotel is very limited.
5	After staying at Bellagio, The Venetian, and other comparable 4-5 star hotels, The Signature is now my home base for when I attend those pesky conventions -- CES being the most recent. Basically, there are 3 towers, no casino floor, and all are linked to the MGM Grand via walkway.Inside the room, you'll find a nice and comfortable (not too soft or firm, just right) bed, fridge, stove, microwave, plasma TV, jacuzzi tub, balcony (optional but I always ask for this and strip view), and too much more to list. Though the $15/day "resort fee" they tack on may sound unreasonable, you actually get free Wi-Fi as well as gym access. Other resorts charge $12+ and $10+ for the same amenities respectivelyRoom rates range from $149 (summer / off peak) - $350+ (conventions), so make sure you double check with the front desk for any special offers before putting in your reservation.
4	I really liked this place and disliked it at the same time.To make it very very simple and quick for you:PROS:+ Very clean, quiet, peaceful, serene - away from all the noisy stuff on the strip+ Business-like feel. Suites are big, comfy, great for 4 people+ The suites have a kitchen equipped with pans, pots, plates, etc...which is really cool!+ One tv in the living room, One tv in the bedroom , and a mini one in the larger bathroom+ includes 2 bottles of water, internet, & a daily paper. very nice.CONS:- Because you are far away, taxis are a hassle. On a typical Saturday night, you will find yourself waiting up to 15 minutes for a cab because  the Signature is a gated community and therefore taxi's don't roll by nearly as often- Kind of cheaped out on a few things. The bedroom is super nice, then the pull-out bed in the living room is kinda jenky and not-so nice- Location: you are pretty far off, bad in the sense that you need a cab for everywhere you go ;(
3	Stayed here for a few days while celebrating my birthday with a friend.  We enjoyed our stay at The Signature very much but we were not blown away as we were at The Venetian and The Wynn. While the Signature is much better place to stay than the MGM Grand that has become rundown,  I wouldn't put it in the top 2 of places I've stayed so far in Vegas, maybe in the top 4.  Here's the good and the bad:-We stayed in the one-bedroom suite which was like a mini-one bedroom with great functionality.-Flat Screen TVs in the living room and the bedroom.  I wished the tv in the living room could rotate facing the kitchen so I could watch while cooking breakfast and dinner.-Full kitchen with microwave, 4--burner stove top, oven, full refrigerator-It look a long time to check-in as they seemed to not be fully staffed to accomodate the line.-We often had to wait for valet to bring our car down because only one person was on staff.-Our bags sat out front for at least 15 minutes because there was only one bell boy on staff. Richard, the valet, actually brought our bags up and  was awesome and had a great attitude!-The dishwasher was difficult to start because it wasn't properly installed. -We requested housekeeping before heading downstairs to work out in the gym.  We were told they would send someone right up but when we returned from our 1 hour workout, we had to call again because they didn't follow through.All-in-all the Signature staff was very friendly, our stay was very comfortable and more than anything, we will enjoy the memories we made in Suite #29601 for years to come. :-)
4	We got a great deal on a studio condo at The Signature through craigslist.com.  In case you haven't heard, renting one of the many condos available in LV through CL is a great way to get a nice room for less than retail price.  The room was big and clean (accurately represented by the photos on the website).  The bed was really comfy and the furnishings were nice.  Each tower has its own pool, so there was plenty of room to spread out and lounge.  As everyone says, it was a pretty long walk to the main casino floor at the MGM.  Walking to the front lobby to catch a taxi will probably take you about 20 minutes.  However, it was a very clean, quiet place to stay and if I got the same deal I would probably choose this place again.
2	Here's what happened:- We were suppose to be at the regular MGM.. so we pulled up, put our car in valet, got a bell boy to take our stuff.. and then we realized they gave us rooms at the Signature.  What a pain!!!!- Then when we tried to check in we were suppose to have 2 rooms... but they couldn't find our other reservation (because we booked through an online travel company) so they only gave us one room!!!  - The next day we had to spend at least an hour trying to get compensated for the room that we pre-paid for!  Finally they gave us back the money and also said they would give us $200 to spend on food and bev. -  So, we ordered $158 in food that night... and tipped $30!  - Then when I went to check out... they had all the room service charges and all the room charges on my card!!!  It was such a hassle to get them off!!!  In the end, they took off all charges but the $30 tip (which I was still mad about). The rooms were super nice!  They had a nice kitchen and a nice view.  But, I do not consider it much of an upgrade from the MGM since one of the beds is a pull out couch.  Also, we were there for a bachelorette party... and the bachelorette likes to gamble.. so it probably would have been more ideal to stay in the casino.  Overall, the condo was VERY nice... but the customer service was totally disorganized and bad.  Numerous times the Signature blamed their poor service on the MGM and said they couldn't do anything about our problems since we booked through the MGM.
5	Awesome accomodations. A bit of a hike from the strip, so it gives a different vibe and you don't even feel like you're in Vegas because you can't hear the slot machines and it's completely smoke free (yay!). We had a group of 8 and got hooked up with a Penthouse room with a suite and junior suite. This is ideal for a bachelor or bachelorette party. Much better than the suites at Rio, The Hotel at Mandalay, or Planet Hollywood. 2 king beds and 2 pull out queen sofabeds. Two full kitchens, one with a bar. 3 full bathrooms with showers. 3 flatscreen TVs, Jacuzzi tubs, bathrobes, really nice hairdryer, makeup mirror, stainless appliances including a dishwasher and full fridge! Balcony with a great view and really good quality room service. The omelette they brought up was fabulous! Great customer service in general; beautiful lobby. Great experience; highly recommend!!!
4	This place is very lush with cool away from the casino noise. It has its own entrance which you swipe your key card. The first annoying thing is when going up to your floor you have to swipe your card to indicate which floor you want!! which drives you mad due to it not working half the time, but this is the only bad point (ie) 1 star lost.We stayed at The Hotel in November and i just love,love,love it there but  not much between these two. The room was lovely and the bed was devine and the bathroom and Jacuzzi tub where fab. All in all a really nice hotel which is very different from the usual strip room......*** BE aware of the $15 a day surcharge for water/gym/newspaper etc.*** Even though we didn't get fresh bottles everyday!!
5	Best hotel I have been to period! The customer service is outstanding, all access to everything MGM, and who doesn't like a jacuzzi in their room?! Right from the get go we were greated and treated like kings. We got there around 9am and knowing check in isn't until 3pm we just asked to see what they could do...they did everything to serve us and got us a suit right away and even took the bags up for us! That's what I call service. Being treated like your the most important client they have makes you feel great! The rooms are immaculate. We went swimming at the MGM and Signature and had a blast at both. I'm not a nit picky yelper however, if I had to complain about one teeny tiny thing it would be the 5-10 minute walk to get to the strip thru MGM Grand, but being in a gated community does have major perks! This is my new Vegas home whenever I come to LV. The other great reason to go here...the price. Compared to the other great resorts here this is the best for your buck!
5	For the price that we paid for this hotel, it was worth every penny! From the moment you walk into the tower lobby, you're greeted nicely by everyone. The front desk was courteous and accommodating. Our flight arrived early, so we tried our luck at getting a room early. Without hesitation, the front desk staff was more than willing to oblige and we checked into a room at 9 o'clock in the morning! Needless to say, the customer service was over the top.Our junior suite was more than enough for two people. Everything was perfect. The bed linens smelled fresh and clean, not of the chemicals that are used to clean them. The kitchenette provided everything you would need to cook a small, simple meal - the cutlery, plates, pots, trivets, and even dishwashing soap and a sponge. It's the littlest things I noticed that made the quality of the hotel a little more apparent: self-closing solid-wood drawers, fine flatware, granite countertops, marble floors, name-brand appliances, and light dimmers everywhere.The bathroom had a great jacuzzi tub perfect for two people, and a shower stall fit for an orgy. One little issue I had is the lack of a fan in the toilet room. Just make sure you avoid any gassy foods or just take Beano, because the person after you will definitely notice a lingering odor after taking a dump.I have to say something about the infamous "long" walkway that guests at the Signature have to endure to get to the MGM Grand or the Strip itself. I personally thought it wasn't too bad, thanks to the people movers along the way. Just make sure to plan ahead and take everything you need before you even step out of your room and you won't get annoyed by the minimum 10-minute walk to the Strip via the walkway and MGM Grand. Needless to say, this was the best hotel I've ever stayed in, and I would stay here again without hesitation.
5	I took 4 baths in my 3 day stay here....  I put 1 small bottle of the grapefruit body wash they had and it makes a shit load of bubbles in this jacuzzi tub!   My hubby and I stayed here on my FIRST trip to Vegas; yeah and I'm 25!!!  We stayed in Tower 3; and reserved the hotel at VRBO.com. That, was a really good deal!  When you check in there is the $500 security deposit for incidentals, and the $15 a day hotel charge.   The balcony view wasn't the prettiest due to construction for a new hotel, BUT I was only able to open the door because I'm a dirty cissy that is afraid of heights...so it didn't really matter what the view looked like I wasn't going out there!It's about a 5 minute walk to MGM, and I think Tower 3 is the farthest one to get there...so it's not bad at all in comparison to all the walking you'll be doing and no reason to shed a star.Friendly, Smiley Staff too!!
4	Not right on the strip, so it's much quieter. Yet can take a looong walkway to the strip through the MGM so it is pretty convenient.When you get to the airport, there is an MGM check-in desk but they don't process Signature reservations! Pain in the butt!We stayed in the junior suite, which was pretty nice, but it didn't have a mini bar. Complimentary water bottles were left for us in the mini-fridge. Kitchenette is part of the room. Bedding was cushy and clean. Overall, I agree that it's a low-key place to rest after the craziness of Vegas. But not welcoming enough to make you want to spend the day in your room.
4	...and yes even Owner's (who put their suite in the renter's program)    pay the $15/day just like everyone else.The only difference is you carry an Owner's key.
3	My experience on Friday, April 25, 2008....8pm arrival. Their gated entrance a little intimidating and not welcoming but they were all open. There were signs pointing to two separate gateways so I followed directions and went down the certain path. One was for hotel guests and the other for taxis or something other than guests rather. Only to find out, they both went the same way after you passed the stupid gate. So you figure, what's the point to this madness? Valet was super quick. No casino, means no extra guests. Plus. While standing in line, we were offered cold water bottles, a plus.  Fresh crisp green apples sitting on the tables by the couches. I actually saw a guy eat one. The check-in guy was very nice but not so professional. Which is was kind of 'unexpected' from a 4-5 star establishment. I asked him if they were able to accommodate my request for a strip view and he said he was happy to do so but suggested not to get it because of all the construction in that direction and gave us a mountain view. He said the sunrise was supposed to be amazing. We never got a chance to see it, but I commend him for offering. He then asked us to put a $200 debit/credit (no cash) deposit, no one told me this before and I have never been asked to do so anywhere else, so that was a little annoying. Oh yes, they are also non-smoking.  $150 fee if you do smoke in the room. The elevator we thought was broken. Why, you ask? Tip - First, insert your room key under the buttons. Wait until it beeps twice, remove the key then push the button to reach the floor you're on. Magic, the button lights up. Simple, if he would have told us beforehand. Though, when I'm a drunken hot mess, I can actually go to the right floor (I am very prone to go to the wrong floor), this is a big plus.The room was quite nice. Size of a small apartment. A full kitchen, with all the things you need from refrigerator (with one complimentary water), silverware to pots & pans, dish soap, sponge, and paper towels for us under the sink. Way better than the Palazzo's kitchen. Our balcony was overlooking the pool (nice to look at the swimmers ;P) but no furniture. We had to lug the chairs out to smoke. This was suggested by our bell boy. Nice. The bed was.. eh. It was small and a little too firm for me. I wouldn't suggest it to those, you know, passionate couples. The thing fell apart. My Baby had to push the thing back in place. Oh, no daily newspaper or water re-fill as promised. Bad.The bathrooms, plural. One junior upon entering our suite, and master in the bedroom. The master bath had separate sinks and a tiny TV. Neither bathrooms had fans to alleviate his lovely scent after a meal at Hooters' for 25cent hot wings. Bad. Watch out for the jacuzzi too. Tip - Turn the jets at a downward position and wait until the tub is filled before turning them on. I was overly excited and turned it on. Water was spraying EVERYWHERE but inside the tub. I thought I left Vegas and was at Raging Waters. Also, don't get in after eating a big meal. Bad idea. I guess that's why they say, "wait 30 minutes before swimming."As others have mentioned, it is a little walk from the Signature to get to MGM. So give yourselves about 10-15 minutes to walk at peak hours. The moving walkways make it bearable.2pm. Leaving in your car is a little confusing too. All the gates were closed when I left with no signs or prior directions. But should I have trusted them if there were any signs? Pull your car to the gate on the far right for it to open. Simple, I know. Just wished they'd tell you these simple things when checking in. I also thought, why would the gates be closed in afternoon and open in the evening? Doesn't make sense.A few little erks but overall good. This concludes my stay at the Signature. Hope this has been helpful.Ciao.
3	Not the best place to stay, but Karen, over in Tower 1, made all the difference in my stay.I reserved the room on Orbitz, and after making the reservation, I called the hotel to ask if there are any extra fees, or any reason to keep cash in my bank account. The concierge said no. So, before getting on the plane over, I cashed out my account.Now once we had gotten to the hotel, we were impressed by the look of the place and thought we had made the right choice. The ambience was hella chill. Once I checked in, I was asked to put down a $400 security deposit, and I was all like, "WTF?! I was told I don't need to do anything like that" and asked if I could just make a cash deposit. Needless to say, the answer was no.Laurielynn and I then had to catch a cab over to the nearest Citibank to re-deposit the money we had taken out. OK, no big deal. Done. Got back to the same concierge and he said he can do with a $100 deposit, and we had put back $160. The fucker was punching in $200 in the computer, denying our card. Total fail on his part.Now things were sucking pretty bad, but we had one awesome concierge, whom I should've gotten the name of to give a personal recommendation, that brought us to Karen in Tower 1. She was able to get us to put down only $50 for the deposit, considering I had already paid for the room in full. Thank you Karen!After the check-in fiasco, we finally get to our room. While I thought it was going to be bigger, it was so cozy. The bed was plush and the bathroom was enormous! Half of the lights in the place are dimmable, so you can set the mood for a night of romance or a night of animal-style pow-chicka-wow-wow. The jacuzzi was huge and it had the right amount of frequency and strength. The shower was kinda weird, though. For some reason, only when I took a shower, there was only off and burn-your-ass hot. There was no happy medium there. So I always came out of the shower dry and red.Oh, one really cool thing, at least to me, was how freaking fast the elevators were. From the time I figured out how to operate the damned thing, it took only like 5 seconds to get up to the 4th floor where our suite was.Final verdict: 3 stars, but more like 3.5 cuz of Karen and the unnamed concierge. I would give them a shot again, but I don't think we'll be going back to Vegas anytime soon since our experience sucked, due to the people we went with/for. I think next time we go, we'll have to check out what City Center has to offer.
5	I stayed in Tower 3... This is worth EVERY penny I spent for the 2-nights I added to my stay for work. (Even though two nights cost me almost $600). I will be getting reimbursed for the other nights I stayed. LOL...  I am delighted by the EXCLUSIVITY of the Signature. You need your key-card for just about anywhere you go in this place. It's connected to the MGM shops and "studio walk" but to get back into the signature you need your key card. Great for leaving out the RIFF-RAFF! Also great for a getaway and no one can just show up to your room and knock on your door because you need your key card for that too. I barely saw any children at this establishment which is another plus. No screaming, undisciplined children around here. Each tower has its own pool. However, beware there is no night hot-tubbing allowed since it closes around 6 or 8pm...which my friend and I found out the hard way.The gym is small but very cool. Each cardio machine has its own small tv/radio attached to it. They supply the towels, earphones and anti-bacterial wipes. They also have small water bottles for you, or if you prefer different temperatures of water, they have a water cooler & cups that serves ICE COLD water. They even have small towels in a bucket, which is in another bucket of ice to cool you down when your workout is over. They also have apples for you to take when you're done for a healthy after-workout snack.It's all-suites. I had the junior suite, and all of the suites are equipped with a jacuzzi bathtub and separate shower... I used that my first night as well. It also comes w/ a blender, coffee maker, and fridge, hot plate, and all the utensils, plates, and pots you could need to even cook there. The staff is pleasant and wonderful and only valet for parking. You definitely feel important at this place and they treat you as such. I don't want to stay anywhere else from now on. You don't even feel like you're in vegas. No annoying casinos on the first floor either. All of it is non-smoking as well. When I save up some money I definitely want to go back. I believe this is great for couples who can't afford to go on an expensive trip across the globe for their honeymoon. You can easily forget about the world and relax here. I'm single and I enjoyed it - just imagine if you had someone to enjoy all the amenities with. I layed by the pool w/ a girlfriend and got nice and crispy. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the place...
4	Believe what you're reading folks, "The Signature at MGM Grand" is one of the best places to stay in Vegas.  My wife and I refuse to stay anywhere else when we visit sin city.  Why? 1) Excellent service -- Perhaps not "exceptional" but definitely attentive and fast. 2) Location location location -- It's placed in an ideal spot on the strip.  Quiet, secluded, but only a short walking distance from Vegas hot spots. 3) Full featured rooms -- all have a kitchenette. 4) Great room service -- Easily 3-4 star quality food... we like it much better then some of the upscale restaurants we stayed at. So why not 5 stars? - Resort fee of 15 bucks a day. - Minor reservation issuesTo be fair though, you'll find these issues anywhere in Vegas. Lastly, here's some tips:1) Use the Monorail.  It's very close to MGM and inexpensive. 2) Sign-up for email newsletters -- they have regular discounts and deals (nothing amazing but every bit you save is money you can gamble with haha)3) Visit during "off season" months: September, December, January.  It'll drop the rates by at least a hundred bucks.
4	the three towers are all smoke free and much quieter as they're not directly connected to the main mgm hotel.  we stayed at the closest tower to mgm (i think, it was tower 1) and it took less than 10 minutes to the main hotel via the walkway.  there was even a starbucks in the lobby...very convenient.eventhough the the hotel is not in the center of the strip, all the creature comforts that our room offered was worth the little inconvenience. our room had a plasma tv, kitchenette with brand new cuisinart appliances (blender, toaster), microwave, mini fridge, tv in the bathroom, bath tub with bubble jets (and sepearate shower), and even an ipod docking station.  my only complaint is the very very low water power.lastly, i thought the concierge was very helpful.  they helped me make/cancel reservations and also mapped out the directions to restaurants that were off the strip.  overall, it was a great stay.
5	When we go to Las Vegas, we usually go for some a nice relaxing weekend.    This includes gambling, fine dining and relaxing.   That's why we love The Signature.    We stayed in Tower 3, the top floor (38th) and had a great time last week.   The room was flawless.   Other reviewers have already described the awesome kitchen, bathrooms and the super comfy beds.   And I have to agree with them.  Here are some of the things we really like about The Signature:- Quiet Hallways - No drunken fools running down the hallways at 3 am.- Smoke Free!   If you are a non-smoker, you will love this.- Valet Parking - No hunting for your car or dodging crazy drivers in a crowded parking lot.- Super service.   The check in staff, the valets and housekeeping were all world class.   This is simply a great place to stay.   I've been there 2 times already and can't wait to go back.
4	This hotel does not have self parking. It is a five star hotel with five star service. They valet all cars...even cars like mine! Goodness gracious, I was a bit embarrased! If you've seen my car, you'd understand!Anyway, my friend stayed in Tower 1 and their balcony overlooked MGM's Wet Republic! We came into the room and our refrigerator had a half case of beer in it! SCOOOOORE!! Hahaha....some party goers probably left it from the night before! Hey, one man's trash is another man's treasure...in this case, freakin' free booze! We felt very pampered at this hotel. They took care of all our requests (limo rides, dinner reservations, etc) and next time we want to stay at a hotel near the strip, we'd definitely consider this one!
5	The perfect Vegas hotel room/suite for under $300/night in my opinion.  We had a strip facing balcony room and the accompanying room was absolutely impeccable.  Every detail is paid attention to in the design of the room and it is a pleasure to stay in.I personally liked being out of the casino and not right above the casino floor.  You won't be in elevators with those staggering out of the bars or gaming floor and you will feel like you are going to a place that feels like home each night.   It is about a 10 minute walk/moving sidewalk to the MGM.  The restaurants in MGM are my favorite in Las Vegas (defiinitely recommend Pearl and Fiamma) and the gaming is great as well.
5	I refuse to settle for shitty things.I refuse to stay some place miles from the Strip, I refuse to stay in crappy hotels, and I refuse to pay more than $200/night for such a room.Part of me didn't think that was possible when I was trying to find a room last week. It was the Monday before Memorial Day, I had five days until I was supposed to check in, and I had yet to book a room. I was resigning myself to the idea of disappointment when I found all of the above at the MGM Signature (thanks to the help of Yelp, of course).Yes, you heard me, I got everything I wanted and more!The rooms here can be very affordable if you book your room through VRBO.com. The Signature is actually a condo/hotel so you can book your rooms through MGM as a hotel (and pay hotel prices) or book your rooms through the owner of the room (and pay ridiculously cheaper prices). How much of a price difference are we talking about here? MGM Signature website, Monday night - $300/night for a junior suite. Though VRBO - $194/night for the same room...and that was five days before Memorial Day.(Quick plug! The guy I booked my room with was amazing. I wrote him an email, got a response within the hour. He made the transaction so easy, no hassle, no problems, and gave me the best price ever. If you want his info, message me. He's seriously amazing.)Not only are the rooms at the Signature affordable, but they're also gorgeous and big. The Signature is an all suites hotel so you get the king sized bed, a jacuzzi tub, free wireless in the rooms, two bottles of free water a day, flat screen TVs, a DVD player, a kitchen with a stove, microwave and fridge, a TV in the bathroom...you get it. The room's freaking nice. And you get access to their private pools PLUS the usual MGM pools. Seriously, it's great.Now, to complete the trifecta of awesomeness, the Signature is close to the Strip. It's connected to the MGM hotel, but you can walk to the Strip easily (that is, if you don't mind walking).There is a downside to the Signature though - valet is really slow and you can't self park. But other than that, it's seriously one of the best places I've stayed in Vegas!I think, from now on, the Signature is going to be my hotel of choice when I visit the City of Sin.
1	Initially I was going to stay at MGM but they were overbooked and gave my reservation away to another guest. I was exited when they upgraded me to The Signature however they made everyone who was upgraded wait about an hour before we were able to check in to our rooms. The rooms were about a mile away from the casinos and the front desk were assholes from begininning to end. I stayed at the PH suite where the room were no bigger than Bellagio's. Upon my departure, I mention the wait and told them it was the worst experience ever. The dumbfuck front desk was not apologetic and ignored me until I left. What a piece of shit hotel!!!  I would never stay here. My recommendation is The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. The regular rooms there is a hundred times better than the PH suite at The Exclusive.
5	The Signature MGM Grand lives up to its 5 stars. From the free valet to the flat screens and jacuzzi tubs in the room the hotel never disoppointed.  One of the best parts is that we got our reservation about $75 cheaper per night by booking through JetLiving Hotels.  They staff at JetLiving Hotels was very helpful, you can check out there Signature website at www.jetlivinghotelsatsignature.com. they also have rooms at the Platinum Hotel & Spa and the new Palms Place.  Their reservation line is 877-538-7389.  If you are planning on going to Las Vegas give them a call and they can get you in some of the top hotels in Vegas for cheap.
4	Paid a 3rd of the price going through Jetliving Hotels.  There wasn't a casino in the building but it turned out to be a good thing in the long run when the libations started making my decisions for me. This is definitely a hotel I would come back to.  After party was back in my room, (I had a one bedroom suite in tower 2)  My friends who were staying at the Venetian paid more for their rooms and tried to squat and take my room over as the party palace for the weekend.    Everybody needs to do it!
5	I LOVE this hotel!  We stayed here for a bachelorette party, and it was perfect.  The room was ultra comfy.  Four girls, along with all of our luggage, fit comfortably within our room.  The beds were ultra comfy -- pillow top with tons of down pillows.  Some of my best sleep was at this hotel.The bathrooms were really nice.  Two sinks, magnifying mirrors, and an LCD screen.  Big, walking shower, and a jacuzzi tub.  The soaps were really nice too.  I think the shampoo smelled like grapefruit.  The toilet was in a separate room, which was useful when getting ready.  Our only complaint was the ventilation for that small room - bring a book of matches!  There was a desk and a comfy couch, which pulled into the bed.  The room also had its own bar area and kitchenette.  My friend was able to make jello shots and margaritas with no problem...lol.  That's a great thing about Vegas - you can BYOB! There was a Starbucks downstairs, as well as a gift shop.  We went to the MGM lazy river, which you get free access to as a Signature guest.  Go early! When it's hot, that place fills up quickly.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas, just so that I can stay here.  It's worth every penny!
1	We had a pretty bad set of experiences.  Upon arrival, we were told that the room configuration we had reserved wasn't available and that there was no guarantee at the time of booking (which was in direct conflict of what the MGM booking agent told us...).  When we spoke to the front desk manager, and the conversation got a little heated, he simply WALKED AWAY.  We do a fair amount of business and personal travel, and having worked in customer service for the past decade, I can't say I've actually run into a CS representative simply walking away from a customer.  HORRIBLE.From there, we had a series of snafus; our hair dryer was broken, the room configuration they told us to replace the unfulfilled reservations was incorrect (no balcony), the eventual resulting fix took 4 hours longer than you all had told us, the credit the front desk gave our party was NOT applied upon check-out, which meant we had to deal with that last minute...All in all, I won't be coming back to the Signature, am shocked at the level of ineptitude (and frankly rudeness), and will be instructing peers and colleagues to stay far away.
5	Wow. I mean seriously all I can say is wow.It's not often checking into a Vegas hotel nets the best customer service experience of your life, is it?Let me back up a bit....So me and the family* decided to take a cheap little vacation to Vegas, and opted to drive there from San Francisco. After 8 hours in the car across the desert with crap strewn about our dusty car and all of us looking pretty haggard, it was great to drive up and have the valets treat us like 5 star VIP guests! I have to say that, unlike many other hotels, this place really has it DOWN. Great service from everyone, including, front desk, concierge, maintenance and even housekeeping. Everyone knew our names (I don't know how) and seemed to genuinely want to help us. Fan-fucking-tastic!Long story short: GREAT service, very nice accommodations, probably the best hotel bed I have ever slept in, and a generously appointed room in general. Modern kitchenette, flat screen plasma TV's, jacuzzi tub for 2 and even an iPod dock for you to play your tunes!Also worth mentioning is that the entire facility is smoke-free and there is no casino either. Gambling, dining and smoking are all available a short walk down an enclosed walkway to the MGM Grand, where the fabulousness continues.....I swear I would give this place 10 stars if I could - if you are going to Las Vegas, THIS is the place to stay!*me, the husband and 2 screaming, fighting bickering children along with about 50 pieces of shitty luggage. What?
4	This is a great hotel, all of the towers have a fitness room and pool. The rooms are very nice, from the balcony, kichenette or kitchen if you have a one bed suite or above, to the tv and jacuzzi in the bathroom. There are no cots, but all the couches have a pull out. They have one of the cheapest 2 bedroom suites on the strip, which sleeps 8 and comes with a kitchen. I really love the rooms, perfect for a preparty or relaxing. I think Brad probably reserved the rooms with Luxury suites international. they are probably the WORST company to book a room with. Firstly they called me telling me my card was declined, and nearly gave me a heartattack when indeed it was not. That just shows me that on their end they are highly unorganized and freaks me out that they have my credit information. Then when we get to MGM they tell us that we only have a jr suite booked, when we reserved a 2 bd suite. I step aside and call the company and they say to wait a few moments and they will call the desk. After getting everythign cleared up, we get to our room and find out its just 2 jr suites WITHOUT balconies. I called the company again and supposedly the only person who cuold have helped me steped out and would call me back in 20 minutes. Nearly an hour passes by and I'm just sitting in our room waiting for a phone call totally WASTING my perfectly good gambling time. Then I just call myself and the lady Candace was completely unapologetic or helpful. She said she couldnt do anything about it and I 'd have to talk to the manager who would call me when he gets in. Guess what? I NEVER got a call, and I had his email from the reservations before, sent him an email, and of course, no response. Freakin douches!!! I was so annoyed. If you book a suite from anywhere other than mgm signature, it might be from another party who owns the suites, because I think they are also sold as timeshares and condos. So if you want housekeeping or have any problems with your room, you have to call luxury suites which are totally not available 24 hrs. My sheets on the bed were hard as rocks, I had a broken blow dryer, and we were missing a light bulb. Did those get changed... i'll let you guess on the answer to that. Other than booking it from luxury suites, which is so completely crappy... the only downside to the signature is that the walk to the casino is so far. There are people movers on there so you dont have to really walk walk the entire way, but it still seems really long.
4	i had the privilege of staying here since my friend's godmother owns a condo or has a timeshare or something. there is a gated entrance to get into the signature, but it's pretty easy to get in if you're a legitimate guest there. we were charged a $100 cleaning fee but divided by the 12 people we crammed into our 1-bedroom suite our stay was basically free. our suite was spacious and really nice. 2 full bathrooms was a definite plus especially when getting ready to go out for the evening. a full kitchen also helps...we def stocked up our fridge and freezer with tons of alcohol. the kitchen is also fully stocked with a stovetop, oven, microwave, plates, forks, knives, and even pots/pans! there's even a dishwasher so you dont have to hand wash dishes while on vacation! there were also 2 beds-1 king in the master bedroom and 1 pull out couch bed...our suite was spacious enough though that we fit 3 aerobeds in our room plus a couple of random people on the floor and there was still room to walk around! having free wi-fi was also pretty cool too.the only part i wish i could change about the signature is their location! yes it's affiliated with the MGM but to even get to the casino/restaurants/shops/bars/clubs...it's a good 15 min walk. you have to go through 3 different hallways with people movers and when you finally reach the MGM...that place is huge too! on the upside, there is a taxi line at the signature itself so at least that was convenient.also you must take note and remember what tower you're staying in...there are 3 different signature towers and when slightly inebriated it can get difficult to remember how to get to your room ;)
4	After a 10pm flight after work from LA, the last thing you want to do is spend 45 mins checking in.  That's what happened when I got to the Signature.  If that was the only problem I had w/ check in/check out, that would have been fine, however, it wasn't the case.The room itself is awesome.  Very spacious, clean, nice touches like the ipod docking station/alarm clock, full kitchen and great bathroom.  One small thing is that there weren't enough trash cans in the bathroom and every time I'd move it where I wanted, the cleaning ppl could move it back!  WTF!  The pools that they have at every tower are basic pools (clean, not crowded and the crowd is not like the spring break crowd at the reg. MGM pool).  The service at the pools was great but the cabanas are VERY basic.  We rented 2 one day and it was worth it considering it was 102 degrees, if not only just for the shade.  :)  I would suggest that they need to spend some money and get ipod docks and flat screens and fans in the cabanas and charge a bit more.  The hotel is awesome. It feels a lot like the Mandalay The HOTEL.  Very classy, the decor is dark wood and simple.  Not cheesy and over decorated.  I loved the burner (yes, i'm the 1 freak that DID cook while in Vegas) and the microwave and mini fridge.  The wine glasses, pots and pans, plates and cups were very handy.  The spa is nice (my facial was fantastic) but the biggest and only REAL complaint is that the check in and check out took too long.  They only had 2 ppl at the front desk and it seemed they were too chit chatty considering there was a long line.  And they also aren't very bright. After spending 45 mins. checking in and requesting that  they make sure to note something on my reservation, I realized the 45 mins. was totally a waste.I had requested that they add my 1 add'l nite that I ended having to book after the fact, to my boyfriend and my original 2 nite reservation and requested that they would note that so I wouldn't have to check out and then check back in for the 2nd part of the reservation.  That simple request seemed too difficult for the ppl at the front desk.  The woman there promised me that she had made that note in the system (upon check in) and yet at 12:01pm the next day, I couldn't charge anything onto my room and my keys didn't work because they didn't make that change to the reservation.  I therefore had to spend the next day again explaining the situation to the front desk and giving them an attitude since the woman the nite before had PROMISED me that this wouldn't happen.  Long story but the point is..........they need to hire better ppl for the front desk.  Also, I charged spa service and food to my room and upon check out, they didn't see the charges for that posted. I asked them to check again and they said "well, if it's not there now, you won't get charged later".  A few days later, checked my credit card statement online and the charges were there.  Which is fine since I DID charge it but the front desk ppl again, proved to be useless.  On a side note, they have Wifi by the pool and all of the hotel rooms.  When I called to ask them if they had Wifi by the pool (I had to go for work), I was told first they didn't, then when I called to ask again, they said they did and then someone else said they didn't.  They need to figure out their answers and be ready to answer simple questions that guests may have.  I mean, that's your job to know the place where you work!  come on!If it wasn't for the fact that the hotel was nice, I'd give it 2 stars for the ppl who work there.  Am i mean?  probably but if you're charging that much for a room, you better have 5 star ppl working for you.  I think I had better service from ppl at the Holiday Inn.
5	AWESOME!!!!  We stayed in tower #1 over looking the Wet Republic Pool-  Great people watching!  Tower #1 has a gym you can work out for FREE!  Our unit had a kitchen (hello cold wine and beer--anytime) Over all great place to stay.  Quiet but not tooo quiet! Delux for the price!  Great deal.  Very helpful and friendly staff.  Only a short walk to MGM itself.
5	I stayed here while in Las Vegas for a convention.  The entire hotel is beautiful.  When I checked in my junior suite was bumped up to a regular suite. It was HUGE! I would have happily traded my apartment and lived in that in that hotel room!Although its a "non gaming" and "non smoking" hotel it is walking distance from the MGM Grand where there is all of that stuff.  There is also an (Expensive) deli in one of the towers and a small bar (where I have WAY too much to drink one night) in one of the others.The concierge was also very helpful.  When I had connection issues wit the Internet and DVD player the engineers were up in moments to help me out.
5	This place was great. G-R-E-A-T great.  The service was what you'd expect from a nice Vegas hotel. They had a relaxing pool with friendly poolside service, and you have access to all MGM amenities too! (i.e. The lazy river at the MGM pool...) But more importantly the rooms/condos were great. Pristine and well designed accoutrements, giant jacoozi bath tub, and an iPod dock! Each place has a mini kitchen so you can store all your bee......I mean soda. Now let me also mention that we booked through a broker we found on craigslist, so we paid $99/night. Yep, you read that right. Ninety-nine dollars. You can't stay at a Comfort Inn in Modesto for that cheap!! So I highly advise checking craigslist before booking.All in all- a five star experience. Great service, nice rooms, access to Signature and  MGM amenities and all that for a bargain price; what more could you ask for?
5	review for 1 bedroom suite (non-smoking)THE +'s: oh, like maybe, EVERYTHING. impeccable service. amazing mod decor with dark wood and chrome accents. the 1-bedroom suite was amazing -- had 2 full baths and a fully equipped kitchen (not kitchenette!). private bedroom had huge comfortable bed, tv that rose out of the desk, and the master bath fit 5 women bustling around getting ready for the night out. main living area had an armoire so huge there were coat closets on each side. also, starbucks was downstairs. oh heaven.THE -'s: the great thing was that the signature is isolated from the main casino. but that can be the bad part too since it takes a while to get from the signature to the conveniences of the main casino. still, the isolation means none of the stench of smoking and dirty money infiltrates your stay. the view wasn't much to write home about since it faces as yet un-developed lots.SUM: love, love, love the signature. recommend it to anyone who's willing to dish out the cash. it's totally worth it. share the cost with 10 of your closest friends -- there's enough room to sleep everyone.
5	After checking out Trip Advisor (a million times) we chose to say at the MGM Signature (rated #1 on Trip Advisor). This place was AMAZING! I would never stay at another place again. The hotel is gated so not everyone can walk in and out of your hotel. All the rooms are suites. Our room had a bathroom with his and her sinks. There was a HUGE glass shower and Jacuzzi. The room had one king size bed, desk with chairs, a couch and arm chair, mini kitchen and a big walk in closet. There was also a iPod dock and flat screen TV with a DVD player. Since it was a private hotel they gave you free complimentary water which is great because water is around $7 a pop. We also had a balcony that overlooked the strip. Everyone who worked at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. They even let us print out our boarding passes at the front desk so we didn't have to check in at the airport when we were leaving. Also, because we were staying at the signature we were able to access MGM casino, pools, restaurants, etc for free. They also gave us $25 towards breakfast at delights (very good food) and a $25 actives card that you could use towards any of the shows/restaurants in the hotel or MGM Casino. The price tag for this hotel is pretty high, but we booked out stay through hotels.com and ended up only paying for 2 nights (buy two nights get the third free).
5	If I could give this hotel 4.5 stars (HINT, HINT), I would... but it deserves the roundup because it is just that nice. The Signature feels like a NYC boutique hotel. Each Tower has their own feel, from the cool look in Tower 3 to the warm, inviting look in Tower 2. Our room was large and spacious, with a king size bed, seating area with a pullout queen sized couch, kitchenette with Cuisinart appliances, ipod player, flat screen TV, small patio (although a few chairs would have been nice to sit out and enjoy the view of the Strip), and a HUGE bathroom! Large shower, two person jacuzzi which I obviously enjoyed, separate toilet "room" double sinks, and even a small flatscreen TV facing the jacuzzi!The Signature is different than the typical Vegas experience. It's nonsmoking and non-gambling, so it's about a 7 minute walk to get to the gaming. There's only one "restaurant" called Delights, which is more like a small cafe... sandwiches, baked goods, gelato, coffee. etc. Also, it's not DIRECTLY on the Strip, so for someone looking for an extremely central location, this wouldn't be the place for them.
5	Great hotel! Front desk was helpful and polite, even when I checked in at  2am. Bed was super comfortable. The Jr. Suite was huge, clean and quiet. Kitchenette was stocked with pots and pans and anything else you need to cook. Fridge was bigger than your usual hotel fridge. We stayed in Tower 3, which is the furthest away, and it took about 8 minutes to walk to MGM. The pathway was fully enclosed, air conditioned and had moving walkways the majority of the time.  Best hotel I've ever stayed in. Oh! and the Rueben sandwich at Delights is the best damn Rueben I've ever had.
5	Oops.. I read my flight information wrong.. It was 12 am in the morning at the airport..... Caesar's Palace was booked and my flight was actually the next morning -_-... The best option was MGM The Signature.. Yes it was cheap on travelocity for less that 200.. Buttttttt, there was no free wifi available and resort we thought would have room. So with the phone we booked it for a bit over 300$.. which i might add is pretty expensive.. buttttt, it had a very nice appearance, very sleek, modern setting inside..  a big room, a door separating the toilet and the bath tub/shower stall, a closet, sofa, big screen tv, king size bed, wifi,kitchen, etc! I would stay here again! After i try out all the 4 star + hotels in vegas of course!-x3 shells!
4	For my second ever trip to Vegas, I left the arrangements in the hands of a friend, who got us a great deal at the Signature via a site called VRBO.com.  I was excited to stay at what looked like an exclusive, classy hotel for such a good price, so I was looking forward to my stay there. And, I was not disappointed.  After a smooth check-in, we were sent to a beautiful room that overlooked the MGM Grand Pool Complex.  It was a lovely mix of deco style, dark wood, and crisp white sheets.  There was a beautiful flat panel tv, a kitchenette (with cookware, utensils, and dinnerware!), and an enormous bathroom, featuring two sinks, a stall shower, and a large spa tub.  There were robes in the closet and the fluffiest towels I'd ever seen hanging on the bars and in the cabinets.   I slept in a cloud masquerading as a king-sized bed, and enjoyed the free wifi, once we got it working.   The staff couldn't have been more helpful, and we had a great concierge who helped us get tickets to Beatles Love and plan what turned into a great day of shopping.   I also enjoyed the small pool, exclusive for Signature Guests, more than the huge MGM pool complex, which proved to be somewhat overwhelming.  We had some issues with maid service, though.  They left a big, gunky ring in the bathtub, for the entire 4 days we were in the room, removed one of our robes without replacing it, and swiped all but one of our towels on the last day.  That, and it's a bit of a walk to get to the main hotel, the strip, and the monorail, so if you're not used to walking, consider this your warning!  These small quibble aside, I'd completely recommend this hotel for a wonderful stay.
4	This place is nice and the service is damn good.  The rooms are plush and the bathrooms are spacious.  The place smells good and seems very clean.  My one and only complaint is you can't get a cab from tower 3 and WTF is up with the walk to the MGM.  When yo have been drinking all day and night it is a beast of a walk back to the room.
5	Can I just say.....Expedia dot cooooooooooooooooooooomHell-to-the-yes! I'm totally and completely in love with Expedia. I am a walking advertisement for that website and the customer support there because of the trip I just took to Vegas. After scavenging the World Wide Web for deals to Vegas for a friend's birthday I came across a few killer packages through Expedia. I ultimately called to speak with an agent and told him what we would like to spend. In about 15 minutes he had us booked in a JR Suite at the Signature at MGM, a brand new hotel that consists of three towers, 2 of which are for hotel guests and 1 for residences. Our room was on the 29th floor with a view of the strip and the room was absolutely amazing. The hotel is just off of the strip, however it is connected by an underground walkway that spills out into the MGM pool and casino entrance, as well as the entrance to the monorail. The hotel was lovely, the JR suite had a kitchenette, huge bathroom with his and her sinks, jacuzzi tub, plush, comfortable king-size bed, a Starbucks in the lobby, and three pools to choose from. The main pool is located in Tower 2, along with the Delights Cafe and each tower has it's own lobby lounge. For the price (about $200 per night), and the gracious staff, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The only thing I would mention is that they do require a $350 pre paid incidentals fee upfront that can be used to charge back food/drink to your room. Any remaining balance is then credited to your account 5 - 7 days after your check out.
5	My boyfriend and I booked the Mgm Signature through UsAirways.com. We got a great deal for the Junior Suite, which included an enourmous jacuzzi, free standing shower, flat screen tvs, etc. We had read previously on this site that upon check in you should request a room with a balcony to see if you can be upgraded. We did this, and omg were we happy!!! The staff there was amazing and after waiting about 20 minutes, the front desk called our cell phone to let us know our upgraded room was ready. We got our room keys and went up to the 35th floor, penthouse!! (for NO extra charge!!!) OMG!! The room was a version of the jr suite plus an amazing balcony with this gorgeous view of the strip. It also had some extras, such as a blender, stove, dishes, glasses, etc. The jacuzzi tub in the room was so big. We both fit into it comfortably with room left over. We cant say enough good things about our experience at the signature. The staff couldnt do enough for us. It was indeed luxurious and it was nice to see how the "other half" lives. Lol. We didnt want to leave. The only things I would change are as follows:1) pools close too early- some at 7pm others at 8pm. We arent gamblers, so we ran around seeing sites all day and wouldve liked to swim at or around dusk.2)All of the restaurants in the Mgm Grand leading to the Signature close early as well. Theres so much foot traffic there, that theyd make a killing if they were open at night. Most close by 10 latest. 3)Also, there is a $15 "resort fee" per day which entitles you to 2 bottles of water daily, the paper, the gym, and wifi. We never used the gym as we walked MILES each day in Vegas, and didnt read the paper as it was the Wall St Journal, but the wifi and water came in handy. 4)This is by far the most annoying fee- $15 per day per person for a tube for the Lazy River. After paying a decent amount of money for this luxury hotel, it woudnt kill em to throw in the tubes for free. We swam through the lazy river like most other guests to not pay the tube fee. The lazy river was so crowded and blocked you couldnt get through it on a tube anyway.On the whole it was an amazing hotel and an amazing experience in Vegas. I d recommend this hotel to anyone I can get to. Great luxury and service. The housekeeping staff even did our dishes for us. We will def be returning to Vegas in the future, and would absoultely stay at the Signature again.
4	this hotel is beautiful. the decor is very modern & clean, with very hip blues, greens, & creams. the floral design had orchids in water in clear glass vases. the walls were made of shimmery cream shell tiling. the rooms were contemporary and comfortable. our junior suite had a small asian-style partition separating the living and bedroom. there was a sleek kitchenette w/stove, balcony, and large bathroom complete w/a jacuzzi and a large glass shower. the service was good, as they brought up miscellaneous toiletries upon request fairly quickly. it's located a block off the strip, and does not have a casino, which is perfect for those who want to get away from the smoke and chiming of slot machines after a crazy night on the strip. i would definitely recommend this hotel.
5	Great hotel. I like it how they don't have casino in the hotel. It's clean and more for family with kids. No crazy partying noise at the hotel which is good. One thing though, everytime we come back from somewhere by taxi, door men are "checking in? checking in?" even though we were staying for over a week (for business). That was annoying! It's such a nice hotel but that "checking in? checking in?" sounds so cheap. Otherwise, oh one more thing, house keeper threw away a bag of my personal item in a bathroom. We talked to a front desk and they said "we never hear any negative comments like that" that's it. So that was annoying but over all it's a great hotel.
4	I'd really give this a 4-1/2.  My wife stayed here the weekend of 9/6/08 and really loved it.  We're in our early-to-mid 30's and have done the full blown Las Vegas thing before a few times.  This was a great escape from the typical Las Vegas crowd for some peace and quite when needed and it's just a few mins walk back to the madness when desired.  We visited the MGM pool one day and then the private Signature pool the next.  The Hard Rock is just down the street (a very quick cab ride) and most everything else is accessible from the strip depending on how far you're willing to walk.  No problems at all catching a taxi from the front desk of the private building. The suites are fantastic and the staff is super accommodating.  Considering what you get (a junior suite), rates are moderate and a great value.
5	From the moment we arrived everyone at the Signature was friendly and very helpful. The suite was perfect and the view of the pool was beautiful! During the day it reminded me of Miami and at night the glowing pools and Vegas light were spectacular..::Overall::.Suite - ExcellentView (pool) - ExcellentPop up TV - AwesomeKitchen - verrryyy niceStaff - super friendly.::Recommendation??::.Absolutely! It's a bit of a walk to get around the strip but I think it's worth it.
5	The Signature is one of the few places in Vegas that is a true hotel.  The hotel features three seperate towers, all with suite sized rooms.  The rooms feature possibly the most comfortable beds of any hotel, and a massive living space for you to enjoy during your stay (kitchenette, living room, desk).  The Signature is attached to the MGM Grand via several moving sidewalks, and is a nice way to get away from all the crazyness of dinging slot machines and smoking grandmas on the strip, while still being right in the middle of the lights.  It's truly an Oasis of luxury in Vegas.  You will not be disappointed here if you value relaxation and luxury over the mayhem of tables and slots.
5	Stayed and it was amazing! up there with the Four Seasons! had a gret time! 10 minute private walk to mgm grand! just amazing!
5	Both times I've been to vegas.. Both times i've stayed here courtesy of my best friend having a cousin that owns a condo here!!!!!!!! FREEE HOUSINGG!! SCORE!!!!This place screams out classy. the perfect bed.. down goose blankets/pillows and everything.. big bath tub to soak your feet in after a long day of dancing in heels.. 2 bathrooms.. one smaller than the other one.. tv set in the bigger bathroom.. large sink/makeup/hair area..safe for important documents.. 2 flat screen tvs ( took us awhile to figure out how to make the one in the bedroom rise out of the desk ).. full furnished kitchen.. pull out bed.. balcony.. mini table to eat at.. ALL FURNISHED!!! i love chic-ness... Service: excellent. 5 stars.. they catered to our needs.. if we needed more towels/pillows for the pullout bed.. 6am room service breakfast.. delicious to crave your drunken appetite after returning from the club!.. booked our spa treatments for us and gave us recommendations also.. good at getting taxis/limos for us with not a long wait since The Signature is a bit cut off from the lines of taxis that every main entrance hotel has!  reception area was beautiful with roses and nice layouts.. they provided us bandaids :)I don't know when i'll be back here... :( But in a couple of weeks, TI rooms are going to test my taste!!
5	I love this place!  The best in Vegas, in my opinion, and I've stayed at the Wynn, the Palazzo, theHotel, the Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and the MGM Grand (to name a few).  I would say this hotel is not for everyone, though, as it is part of the MGM property, but the entrance and hotel are not "on the strip".  Also, this hotel is non-smoking and does not have a casino, but you are connected to the MGM via a few moving walkways.  We love to party and gamble in Vegas (who doesn't??), but it is nice to have a quiet, smoke-free room to come back to at 3am.  We had the one bedroom suite, and the room decor was beautiful- I wish my house was this nice- and the full kitchen- fridge, dishwasher, range, microwave, dishes, flatware, glassware- was awesome.  We even had a balcony, which is unheard of in Vegas!  The service was excellent, too!  We went 2 days after our wedding and we had a "congratulations!" note with chocolates and other sweets waiting for us. A+++ all around!
4	Beautiful. Our suite was perfectly lovely and much nicer than I expected. Everyone (from the doorman and beyond) was helpful and friendly. Even the lobbies of the towers (we stayed in 3 and walked through 2 but I didn't get to see 1) are warm and inviting. Minus 1 (and I hate to do it) for the problems that we had with getting housekeeping to our room 2 days in a row. I will return to the Signature just to soak in the ginormous spa tub and enjoy the view from the balcony.
4	wow, this place is really nice.  when my bf said we were going to vegas for new years and staying at the mgm, visions of families and cheeseball entertainment danced around in my head.  however, we ended up at the signature, and it was totally different.  this is a non-gaming hotel, so you have to go to the mgm (which is connected) for gambling.  there are pools, a lounge w/ happy hour, a starbucks, and a workout facility onsite.we stayed in one of the penthouse rooms, and it had a fully equipped kitchen and floor to ceiling windows.  furnishing were modern so no flowery bedspread!  our window faced the airport, so we couldn't take in the craziness of LV blvd, but it was kind of calming at the same time.  if you want to say on the strip but feel like you're at a regular hotel rather than a vegas hotel, the signature is a good choice.
5	The Signature is sheer class. Favorite hotel in Vegas thus far. Modern, cutting edge suites with roomy balconies and all the amenities. I would live at the Signature if I could.
5	I really love this hotel for a couple reasons. Crowd control. There isn't any and there doesn't need to be.  This non-gaming time share hotel is nice and quiet, and just a stroll away from the action.  There is a nice small lounge bar downstairs, which is the perfect way to start an evening or end one, a GREAT workout facility. GREAT cardio machines, free weights, lots of TVs, balls and so on.The rooms at the Signature are truly of the highest quality. Four Seasons and The Hotel have nothing on these rooms.  I do love that there is no mini-bar to get me into trouble, I get into enough trouble once I leave my room.
5	I knew we had made the right choice to stay here as soon as we drove through the private gates and checked in. The property is beautiful and the staff was attentive and helpful. We stayed in the Junior Suite which was quite nice and VERY clean. There is no casino or smoking in this hotel, but its a nice change, considering you are surrounded by both as soon as you walk out the door. This is conveniently located, its connected to the MGM by a series of moving walkways. Its a decent walk from the front of the MGM but isn't bad. My only complaint that the hallways of the moving walkways were overheated. If I go back to Vegas again, I plan on staying here.
4	stayed here last november with a bunch of friends. we stayed in a suite with another connecting room at the end of a hallway. hotel was not busy or loud so that was a plus. it was kinda pricey but when you book for 2 people and mob 8 in there, watch the price dramatically drop! lol but seriously if you can get a good deal on this place (orbitz.com, expedia.com etc.) then i would suggest staying here.
5	We stayed for 3 nights at the Signature and enjoyed every minute of it.   I'm really not a fan of Vegas and went recently because of my family.  I agreed to go only if we stayed at a nice hotel and one that had a kitchen.  I have a toddler so staying at a hotel that has at least a partial kitchen is very important.  Everything about this hotel is fantastic.  We stayed in a one-bedroom suite and it was perfect for us (4 adults and 1 child).  The suite was spacious with many features: 2 full baths, nice & modern decor, high-end appliances, balcony with a nice view, and most importantly, the room was clean.  The customer service was all-around excellent, and starts at the private gated entrance.  The Signature allows you to enjoy Vegas without having to put up with all that is typical of Vegas, e.g., stench of cigarette smoke, loud noise of slot machines, long check-in lines, over-crowded & chaotic valets.  When you want to gamble you can just walk over to the MGM Grand or drive to another hotel.  When you want some peace and quiet you can return to the Signature and enjoy your suite.  I've become so spoiled by the Signature that I can't see myself staying anywhere else when in Vegas, even if it were free!
4	I like to find deals. Deals are my middle name while unemployed, on the dole and looking for a non-threatening, non-puke, fratboy or hooker filled hotel on the Strip. Thanks to Orbitz and a coupon code, the Signature made my dreams come true. While it may not be the best or the hottest place on the Strip, it offers sanctuary from the chaos, guarded gates, security just to get in, NO casino to walk through, a jacuzzi in your room, a private heated pool and moving walkways with dance music even at 8am.Nestled behind the MGM, the Signature offered the boy and I a home away from home, literally. The suites had a fridge, stove and even a BLENDER. If I wanted to, I could've stayed inside all day eating bon bons, microwavable Hot Pockets, blending my own margaritas watching the flat screen while in the jacuzzi. Seriously. I can't do that at home. Now I'm regretting I didn't do that there, but I digress.I subtract one star for what I shall call...the "poop closet". I think the lamps were heated in the bathroom, which came with a separate room I dubbed "poop closet". I was initially taken in by the large, glass shower big enough for 3 girls gone wild, but was shocked to learn that the restroom had no vent or fan. Thankfully, you can shower and bedazzle yourself without fighting for the bathroom. But there is a but. There is always a BUT. Vegas is the land of gluttony and excess. When the buffets are calling you, so shall the throne shortly thereafter. I think it's just common hotel sense to just give the bathroom a little "breathing room". I always felt claustrophobic, sinful and alone isolated in there. Although, some people may dig that.
4	We got a truly amazing deal here courtesy of the lovely Jessica P. and Orbitz.  The middle of winter is truly a fine time to do Vegas on a budget.  The room was beautiful, beyond my expectations for what we paid, even if our package involved flying my most-hated airline, Delta.  The room had a full kitchen, with sink, stove, microwave oven, toaster, blender, and was fully stocked with glassware, dinner ware and cutlery.  There was a jacuzzi and a separate glass shower.  A heated pool and fitness center round out the package.The Signature is located away from the craziness of the strip behind the MGM Grand and is a welcome escape when you're tired of walking around smoky casinos with guys on the street snapping pictures of naked girls at you.  There's a private, carded entrance so only your fellow "Signaturati" are welcome, and a little cafe you can get in a quick coffee or snack before you head out into the madness and hours of walking.  The moving walkway to the MGM Grand is a nice touch - we were treated to upbeat house music (read: gay dance music) on the way to the MGM Grand and the hoi polloi, and it kind of gets you pumped up for the day and whatever brunch (The Bellagio brunch is an outstanding deal!) awaits.The only downside keeping me away from a 5-star review (and this review really has an inner 5 star review that wants to get out) was the lack of a fan in the main bathroom and the "closet" where the actual business happens.  It's Hotel 101 - you want a fan, for obvious reasons, and for "white noise", and we could not figure out for the life of us how to trigger a fan in there.  Maybe that 's what the room climate control is for, but just a normal bathroom fan would make this an absolutely perfect experience.
4	4.5 STARSThanks to my fellow Yelpers, I've finally found the Vegas joint that Prince Charming and I will be calling home when we visit.Our cab driver (who's been working the Strip for over 20 years!) told us the Signature was first built as a timeshare project, but when the economy crashed it was converted to a hotel. That explains why the rooms really feel like classy apartments, instead of the typical "hotel" feel.* Why It Rocks *- EASY ACCESS / CONVENIENT LOCATIONComprised of 3 towers, the Signature has a private and exclusive feel but is also right off the strip (behind the MGM Grand) . Unlike the big hotels, you don't have to walk through miles of blinging slot machines to access Signature's reception area / lobby or the elevator (though if you're craving casino action, MGM's is just minutes away). You can check in at any of the 3 towers, regardless of where your room is actually situated (good to know during peak hours, so if the reception at Tower 1 seems more busy just check in at another Tower).- ROOMS / DESIGNThese rooms and suites are perfectly thought-out, everything is planned for convenience (WiFi, Ipod clock radio preset to a local indie jazz station, glass shower door that seals perfectly to prevent water leaking on the floor, etc.) There's even a kitchenette including all utensils right down to place mats! The decorations here are tasteful: very sleek, modern feel with beautiful prints (art!!) on the walls. The jacuzzi tub is so powerful I was actually startled by the jets when I turned it on (perfect after hours of walking in heels!) If only our real home was THIS comfy!ONE NOTE OF CAUTION: Our friend had a balcony in his suite (on the 20th floor!). The railing is clear and not very high. It is scary! This might be a concern for people with small children or intoxicated revelers.- 24 HOUR ROOM SERVICE- EXCELLENT CONCIERGES(Will do everything in their power to hook you up with whatever you need).* Why I CAN'T Give It 5 Stars *No minibars in rooms; unfortunately, it's against my "Princess Policy" to award 5 Stars to hotels without minibars (though with uncovered balconies THAT high, I kind of see their point!). Other than this quibble, the Signature is perfect!
4	So close and yet so far...On our recent trip to Las Vegas, we decided to give the Signature a try based on the great reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor.I can say that on the whole, it really is as good as people are saying it is.With the bargain rates currently available in Vegas, we were able to get two one-bedroom suites for ridiculously low rates.  The one-bedrooms are perfect since unlike many "suites" around town, you actually have a bedroom and a sitting room.Since these units are actually condos, they have a full kitchen in them that is well enough equipped to produce meals in.  (Though they are a bit short on storage...)  We did a bit of shopping and made our own breakfasts and lunches in the comfort of our own room.  (Saved in cost and calories and allowing for major blowouts at dinner.)Furnishings were very nice and the rooms were very comfortable.  The next time we go, we'll probably go for a two-bedroom, since one living room would have been sufficient for two couples, but the prices were so good, there was no reason to not get the two rooms.The only thing missing was laundry facilities.  There are laundry rooms in the towers, but they are for owners only.  I would have liked to have seen facilities in the units.  (There is plenty of room in the bathroom to put something - even a combined washer-dryer would be a bonus.)  They do have laundry service available.  (Before you say it, I know, I'm on vacation, but with airlines charging me for luggage, I'd like to pack light and wash a few things in my room without being charged some outrageous amount to launder a pair of socks...)The housekeeping staff was very accommodating.  Once you get the hang of turning on the "Do Not Disturb" and "Housekeeping" lights, they are very quick to clean your room when you turn the light on and didn't bother you by knocking early in the morning.As far as I could tell, most of the one-bedroom suites are on the ends of the buildings, so you get extra windows in the bedrooms.  We were in tower 3, facing the airport, so had a great view of the airport as well as the MGM and lower strip.  (We actually felt our view was better than the parent's who were facing the strip.)  I didn't check the doors in the parent's room, but ours had triple pane windows, so you didn't hear any outside noise.The Signature towers are not on the strip.  I think they could best be described as "strip adjacent."  If you are looking to be right on the strip, look elsewhere.  If you are looking for a nice quiet location, this is it.It is a bit of a walk to the MGM, but the walk was easily made in under 10 minutes - and the whole walk is indoors.We found all of the staff to be very friendly and accommodating... well... sort of...Now, as for where they missed their mark...The Signature is touted to be MGM's luxury property and as such, one expects a certain level of customer service which just isn't there.When we checked in, we found that there were only two chairs at our dining room table.  The bellman noticed this as well and said that he would have two more sent up.  Later that night, still no chairs, so we called again and they assured us they would have chairs sent up by 8 the next morning.  With no chairs, at 8:30, we called again.  At 10:30, still no chairs, we took two from the parent's room so that we could eat.  Between 9 and 10, I went down to the front desk to get my card key replaced since it didn't work and mentioned the chairs again.  Someone finally came by with the chairs around 11...It took over four calls to the desk and over 45 minutes to get a bellman to our room when we checked out.Most calls to the front desk or valet went to a call director rather than being answered by a person.This really isn't the level of service one expects from a luxury property.  Hopefully they will work on this, since it is sad to mar such nice property with poor customer service.Like another reviewer, we did have problems with one of our televisions loosing its picture every now and then.  Maintenance was never able to repair it.  Fortunately, most of the time it would come back on...  (I can't blame maintenance, I think they have come up with an overly complex solution and it just isn't quite that reliable.)Oh, be advised that these are individually owned units.  If you don't rent directly from the Signature, there may be delays in getting things repaired since the units not managed by the property often require approvals from the owners for repairs.Aside from the lapses in service, we were very happy with the Signature and have every intention of returning.
5	I have never been a hotel person. I would rather spend money on a meal or on an entrance fee, but this place is worth it.I want to take the bed home. I want to take the robes home.  I want to have the lobby become my living room.  It is beautiful, zenlike, and really relaxing, and one of the only places in Vegas with balconies.  This is the best way to stay in Vegas and not come downstairs to blinking lights, slot sounds, and cigarette smoke.  It's the spa of hotels, and I feel privileged to have stayed there.
5	Tough to beat...Great place if you don't mind a 10 minute walkway walk to the MGM resort and casino.Like all casinos in Vegas, FREE valet (in fact you cant even park on your own).Cheap price - we paid $250 total per Friday and Saturday night for a 950 square feet suite with 2 bathrooms / 2 showers. 1 bathroom even has a jetted tub, TV and 4 sinks (i think).Service is top notch and they genuinely and actually care about the experience we had there.Balcony is large and unobstructed and you can get fresh air for your whole body.Bedroom is separated by a door and the other room even has a roll out bed, kitchen, fridge and all the utensils for eating and cooking.I'll be back here in the future.
4	This is one of my least favorite hotels in Vegas. The layout of the place is not very nice, and the rooms are definitely a lot smaller than the other hotel rooms for comparable prices. There's not much of shopping you can do here either, but definitely there are a lot of big name restaurant here. The food here is hand down one of the best Vegas has to offer. Thumbs up for the restaurants and thumbs down for the hotel.
5	75 dollars a night. That's right, for the price of a 2 star in The City! A balcony, view of the strip, a jetted tub big enough for two. 550 square feet. 42" flat screen (720i). Great bed, beautiful common area, mini full kitchen. Minor  Negatives: as is the norm with these mixed use condos, valet parking only. I believe a choice is in order, personally. The artwork in the suite is what usually you get for 75 a night, Motel six. Although the furniture is first rate. you book thru Jet, as I did, you'll be getting a condo, with no daily maid service, unless you arrange it. It's quite a hike to the MGM. Although the moving escalators walkways cut down on the actual walking. The glass partition on my balcony was dirty. All this is very minor though. Customer service was great. Def 5 star. This only a 4 star in Vegas, where the Wynn, Mandalay Bay and even sky lofts offer even more., but for the current price to value ratio, this a 7 star. Due to the season and the economy, I suppose. Highly recommend staying here, if you are in Vegas on business, not to gamble. No gambling in the towers. Love this place.
4	I used to grace the MGM Signature with my presence before The Palazzo was built. I would never stay in the regular MGM, just the signature as the rooms were more modern with more amenities. I like the clean, sleek look of the bed and it's accoutrement as well as the shower. Flat screen tv and nice linens, their "normal" rooms evoke a studio feeling, so make sure you're close to whomever you're traveling with, as the shower is right next to the toilet if you know what I mean. The service has always been good there, and I've been treated well. When I went there last I was working on a MTV project that kept me in town for a while, so I called the MGM "home" for more than a minute. I did encounter a few problems though. When I was sewing in my room making last minute adjustments before the show I needed more lightbulbs, more light, and they knew I was industry for the production that day. No one came, like they promised they were going to, in order to bring more light and/or just replace the damn lightbulbs. I WAS PISSED. Anything that messes with my business will really get me heated, so to say the least I wasn't a happy camper as I went downstairs to visit the desk. The limo they booked us was supposed to be for the whole night with their ridiculous hourly rate, and it wasn't. After the show, we found out we were stranded in a sea of Lamborghini's and Ferrari's. "Where is my FUCKING LIMO!!????" Let's just say that I was the more aggravated of the two about the situation, considering I had to pay some douche bag 100 bucks in some ghetto ass Escalade to take me to the Wynn. It's right across the freeway. I'm not a tourist here, I know where I'm going, and if my Louboutin's weren't so damn high I would walk there myself. Fucker!!!!Due to my anger, The Signature sent me some comped stays there, begging for my return business. I enjoyed most of my time there, as there are great restaurants, Ka is there (the Cirque Du Soleil show), and a few nice lounges. To be honest though, I still have the comped stays, as after that experience I've never stayed anywhere besides my "second home", The Palazzo.
2	I can't believe anyone would stay here.1. It is so far from everything .. you have to walk through MGM to get anywhere2. The valet staff is friendly but anyone you get on the phone from your room from the desk or bell is so rude. it took 1 hour and 34 minutes for us to get our bags in our room. When we arrived there was only 3 other people checking in, so I know they were not busy, and I called three times to see where our bags were.3. The insides of the rooms are nice, the set-ups are great, but the service ruins that4. The man at the front desk was nice and great, might be the only person on staff that knows how to do his jobit goes on .. but it is still too fresh .. I am madOk so one more thing.....All of us in the room decided that since we had all our stuff layed out that we didnt want room service at all the whole time we were here. So we put up the do not disturb sign ... however .... there was service in our room every day!!!! I used to work in a hotel, and it has nothing to do with thinking anyone would steal anything .. it is just a preference I have sometimes that I dont want anything moved including sheets and beds being made and all .. it was very frustrating that they came in and straightened up .. It was just rude .. that is what it was .. what is the point of having the do not disturb button there if you are going to go in anyways ..so, in conclusion ..I will stay closer to the strip next time!!! and hopefully the service will be better elsewhere.
5	I'm giving this place five stars, based on the deal we got - a 2 bedroom suite for an average of $250/night (thurs-sun). It definitely was a steal at that price. The 2-bed suite is basically a one-bed suite and a jr. suite next to each other, where you can leave the doors to each suite open and use the optional outside door as your main door. The same key works for all the doors.  It comes with two king beds, two couches with queen-sized pull-outs, three full bathrooms, a full kitchen in the one-bed suite, plus a kitchenette in the jr. suite.  Everything was very clean, new, and modern.What may be considered both a pro and a con, the Signature is actually off the strip, and is all hotel. There are no casinos, no smoking, and is quiet.  This is nice if you're looking for a pleasant place to crash after a long day, but not for you if you need to be a minute away from the action.  It is maybe a 5-10 minute walk to the MGM, but it's all indoors and they have walking rails that help make the walk seem pretty quick.  We would often walk through the MGM to get to the strip, but walk directly back to the Signature from the strip. The walk back to the Signature always seemed much longer, and that one block from the strip is a very long block.It was definitely nice having a kitchen, as we could cook our own breakfast and save some money so we could splurge at dinner. We got eggs, bread, sandwich meats, etc, at Walgreens, which was on the strip nearby.  If you don't mind the walk, it's definitely a great place to stay!
4	For eight girls spending a weekend in Vegas (most for the first time), I knew our accommodations would make or break the weekend and their impression of Vegas. Enter The Signature at MGM. Rave reviews, good location, and the condo amenities? I knew it wouldn't take much to talk the cheaper of my friends out of their searches for $20/night accommodations. I booked the rooms through Jet Luxury (refer to my separate review for Jet Luxury-specific information). We ended up with a reasonable rate (about $125/girl) over a 3-day weekend (Valentine's Day AND President's Day) for a 1 bedroom and adjoining studio in Tower 3. The rooms were amply furnished, with enough space in the one bedroom to pull eight chairs around the glass table for card games AND have the queen-sized couch bed open. Space was a little tighter in the bedroom but we were by no means cramped for space - we could have all stayed in the studio if we really had to. The bathrooms in both rooms were gigantic. Even the smaller studio bathroom rivaled my living room in DC for size. Two bathrooms in the one bedroom were actually a selling point for the rooms and practically worth the price of the rooms alone. If you've ever watched eight girls get ready for a night out you know that even having three bathrooms might be asking for chaos. Seriously, we could have slept five additional girls in the one bedroom's main bathroom alone (Two in the huge jacuzzi tub, another in the shower, separate toilet room IN the bathroom, and in the bathroom itself). We, happily, had more than enough room in said bathroom to spread out multiple cosmetic bags' worth of makeup and hair product. The full and half kitchens were a godsend. I'll say that my group of girlfriends are not the all-out crazy type - we can go out and have a wild night but all seriously appreciate our low-key girl bonding time (and, uh, saving money). The kitchens allowed us to make breakfast, dinner, and start drinking early (hello blender!). In fact, were half of us not Vegas newbies we likely could have stayed in our rooms the entire weekend. The Signature at MGM amenities are many: all valet parking (but free), fitness center, pools separate from the MGM Grand pools (though you have access to those, too), business center (Tower 1, a fee for computer use AND printing, though printing your boarding pass is free there or with the bell desk in any of the towers), cafe, Starbucks (Tower 1), bar (Tower 1, again). We spied a fire pit just outside Tower 1 on the last day too late. The walk to the MGM Grand proper is a little long from Tower 3 - about ten minutes of walking and moving walkways - but being away from the smoke-filled lobby and general hubbub is nice. Since the MGM Grand is at the end of the Strip, when we hopped over to Planet Hollywood one evening we opted to exit through the Harmon Street gates, a mere two blocks from the Strip. Although I've had my fill of Vegas for a good while, you better believe that I'd recommend and jump at a chance to stay at the Signature at MGM again. Girl's Weekend 2010?
3	I have had the good fortune of experiencing some of the finest accomodations vegas has to offer. That being said, the Signature is definitely a good choice when looking for a place to stay, especially if you have to pay for your rooms (I do not usually have to pay for rooms at vegas). The suites were tastefully designed, and come with kitchenettes and complimentary wireless internet. It is close enough to the strip, without being directly on it, kind of like a little secret haven. The lobby was never crowded like it can get at other casinos, they have nice and courteous staff, and the table centerpieces were so pretty my friends and I were tempted to take them when we were leaving! I enjoyed the idea that the signature had their own private pool, and lounge in tower 1. I didn't get to try them though, but will make an attempt to next time I stay there, which I definitely will.
5	First of all, reason why I choose this hotel out of the millions and millions of hotels in vegas, was because I had some friends stay at the signature last summer and I was impressed with the junior suite they stayed in.OK now for my review: My first impressions of this place was great, drove up and it was gated. The security guard asked us if we were checking in and asked us for the last name on the room. And directed us to tower 1 ( there are 3 towers), where we were staying. Unlike most vegas hotels with self parking garages, this place had valet only for guests. Which I certainly like over walking and dragging my luggage to the hotel.The lobby was classy and luxiorus. The front desk staff was polite and friendly. Answered asked all of my questions with a smile. We called a head of time and were able to check in 3 hours ahead of our schedule check-in time. We were staying in a ONE-BEDROOM SUITE, nice big room about 950 square feet. Almost like a apartment or a small condo. 2 bathroooms with one master bathroom with a hot tub and mini LCD tv inside. The suite only had an options for a king size bed, but had a pull out bed in the couch in the living room area. So this room would be ideal for a party of 4 to 5 people. This suite had  a kitchen area as well with subzero fridge and stuff your normal everyday kitchen would have. fully stocked with cups, plates, utensils, and appliances! I think that impressed me the most.The balcony we got was HUGE, it ran the side of the building covering 2 suites. We were on the 31st floor overlooking the airport and mgm grand pool (wet republic). Awesome view!! ok ok, enough about the dang room....it was very nice for what we paid! practically less than $250 a night, oh yea did I mention the LCD that popped out of the desk in the master bedroom?! lol. I just had to put that in there.We had access to fitness centers, pool area and also mgm grand's pool area. Which I gotta say has to be the best pool in vegas. It was a short walk from signature to mgm grand.Overall, Signature at the MGM Grand is a great bang for your buck, if you are looking for accomodations that are affordable, yet luxiourious this is the place for you. Even though we were off the strip, it was just  a short walk with moving sidewalks to the MGM Grand hotel. Location is quiet, and comfortable. I liked it so much, that I'm already in the process of planning another stay at the Signature in the near future!  =)
3	We stayed at Tower 3.  The suite was beautiful and provided all the usual luxury amenities similar to other LV resorts.My only complaint was that it was a FAR FAR walk to the casino.  I'd recommend staying in towers 1 or 2.
5	i have to give them the five because as luck would have it one of us was nt feeling well when we went so we ended up ordering from room service a lot. the food was always hot, good, prompt, and with good service. i love the fact that the whole place is non smoking that was a big plus. room was very nice , big, clean and modern. service for anything was awesome and we were there on a holiday. it was the best to sit in the spa tub drink my wine and watch tv at the same time. by the way it was like 40 degrees outside. hello!
2	This is a nice hotel but when I go to Vegas I go for whats makes the city "Vegas".  The rooms are nice but the hotel itself is just too far from the strip and after walking it a few times it just becomes a drag to know that you have to do the walk back to your hotel again.  For some people the hotel may be nice for them because it's away from all the action and it doesn't have a casino on the bottom floor but it's just not my cup of tea.
5	If I had to recommend a fantastic hotel on the Strip to stay at, this would be it. I would not stay anywhere else. Trust me on this! :-)I was looking for a hotel to stay at since I had a friend coming in from LA to visit me, and I am glad I chose The Signature. I was going to stay at the Wynn, but after looking at the junior suite online and checking out all the amenities, I decided for the price, it was well worth it. In fact, the room at The Signature puts the one at the Wynn to shame - and they offer you a whole lot more for less. The pictures do not do it justice. It is so much more sumptuous in person.First of all, it is *insane* how much you get in just a junior suite (I stayed in Tower 2). There is a kitchenette, complete with cooking utensils, cutlery, a coffeemaker, range, microwave, toaster, fridge, the whole nine-yards. You also get an ironing board, a safe, bathrobes, LCD TV complete with cable, a DVD player, iPod stereo dock, a couch, a nice comfy queen-sized bed, a huge Roman jacuzzi tub, shower, spa products, even a small TV and a house phone inside the bathroom! It has all the comforts of home. It's great if you have a car, venture into town, buy some groceries, and cook from your own room. Too bad I didn't get to use everything that was in there! I will try to next time I go. The decor was classy, modern, and sophisticated. It was like I had my own luxury condo and didn't feel like a hotel room at all. Next time I will have to go down to the pool.Service was stellar. No problems during check-in at all. Everyone was friendly, no snootiness or rudeness to be found. Their breakfast buffet is delicious and the staff there is very accommodating. They also have a Starbucks and a nice lounge/cocktail bar. The only real "complaint" I have about it is that it is quite a walk to the main part of the MGM, but it's not a big deal. I enjoyed playing a tourist for 24 hours. Too bad I wasn't staying longer - I didn't want to leave! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
5	Absolute luxury surroundings and even a bit of quiet sanctuary from the cha-ching of the slot machines.  There are only suites in this hotel.Three white towers with gleaming gold windows.  The Junior Suite, as others have said, feels more like a condo than a hotel room.  It was nice to go out and enjoy loud, crazy Vegas nights but then come home to a beautiful place to stay!Tips:1.  Tower 3 is the furthest, BUT it is also the NEWEST2.  There is going to be a lot of walking no matter what.  The distance of the Signature towers to MGM is not that bad, and it is really convenient to be able to use the Monorail.3.  The tower pools are nothing fancy but Signature guest are welcome to the MGM pools4.  The feeling and atmosphere is one of an upscale home-away-from-home
4	The Signature at MGM is located on the strip and gives you access to Vegas but lets you detach yourself from the business once you return to your room.  When you arrive at the Signature (if driving) and can pull right up to your tower to unload your things and parking is valet only.  You walk right into the lobby, no casino floor to mangle your way through.  After check-in you simply go straight to your room.  There is no need to walk by one million slot machines and 10 billion tables all distracting you while you hold your luggage to get to the guest elevators and fumble with your hotel key to show your staying at the hotel to get to your room.The Signature is made like an ordinary luxury hotel, makes you feel like you can escape from the business of Vegas yet puts your right where the action is.The rooms are beautiful.  Not as large as I expected it to be, but the bed is absolutely amazing.  The pillows are great.  The blankets are warm. The AC works great.  The sofa and sofa bed is very clean and nice.Overall, great place to stay if you aren't in search of sleeping on a blackjack table.
5	This hotel is the bomb. It may not be exactly on the strip but it is well situated close to it. We were lucky to get here and stay in a penthouse suite to fit 11 guys. There was ample room for everyone for all. Some may have slept on the floor but it included 2 queen beds and 2 fold out couches. It had 3 full bathrooms, 2 jacuzzi tubs, a full kitchen with silverware and 3 lcd tvs with ipod homes as alarm clocks. They even included dvds to watch. Also the bigger bedroom had an lcd in the table that would rise up when turned on. Too bad we found out the last night we were there.I was very happy staying here. I don't think I have stayed in any place better. I liked how you just get dropped off and head to the elevator that is close by and up to your room in no time. There wasn't that bad of a walk to get to the MGM also. The service was great and I didn't have any complaints there.
4	One of the best places to stay while in Vegas!  Staff is extremely friendly & helpful.  Signature Suites are adjacent to the MGM Grand via a "tunnel" complete with those moving sidewalks.  No casino in the lobby of the Signature Suites, but you will find a Starbucks!A 1 bedroom suite is big enough to fit 4-5 people comfortably.  Very modern & clean decor all around.  Master bath was HUGE!  You could probably hold a Vegas show in it!  Flat screens & free WiFi (although, if you use the internet via TV, you'll be charged extra).   Kitchenette is hooked up with a Subzero fridge, dishwasher, stove & microwave.  Nice plates & mugs...not crusty or old looking at all :)The only down side is the pull-out sofa bed.  Not the most comfortable bed in the world, but what do you expect from a sofa bed?  If you're used to a firm pillow, you should bring your own.  I would definitely stay here again!!
4	Where to begin? As we planned our VEGAS trip for about two weeks, we were excited about our room at the MGM signature. I mean the pictures looks amazing from the bed to the bathroom. Needless to say that, My comment isn't negative on MGM'S part or the room but with luxury suites themselves. Our booking was wrong, two rooms with one at 24 floor and the other at 10th floor? How was that next to each other? So moving on we just decided to take the different floors and get over it. the main reason we wanted to book a room is 1)nice pictures and spacious 2) enjoy a good view with a smoke in hand. Since the site offered smoking we booked it. When we got there they told us that it was fine for us to smoke as long as we didn't dirty or burn anything  because the luxury suite is a 3rd party and they have their own cleaning services. Then we get a call saying we are getting charged $150 for a cleaning fee because there was smoke in the room. So my comment is watch our for 3rd party bookings and try to book with the actual hotel or casino themselves. We weren't aware of the 3rd party bull**** until we got there. I'm just hoping I can at least help someone from getting rip off like us.$89 a night for two nights +resort fee and etc for two rooms = $468 which isn't bad until we were charged $150 morepros: the room was lovely, friendly service, close to monorail and attractionscons: the walk from MGM signature to the strip was horrible, ike about 15 mins walk to strip, LUXURYSUITEINTL.COM
4	About 1.5 to 2 blocks off the strip, the Signature at MGM is frickin nice considering what we paid for a junior suite. Service is super nice and attentive. There's a kitchen in the room, a nice balcony, and two bathrooms both with showers, one had a tub with jets. Bed is super comfortable. Kind of reminds me of the Malcolm in the Middle episode where they find that mattress out of nowhere and sleep for days on it. It's a nice place if you're coming to Vegas to unwind a little with the family. But if you're coming with the expections of going crazy, then it's a little inconvenient. The nearest casino is at the MGM, which is a good 10-15 minute walk. I must be lazy because after making the walk a few times, I was super tired. And forget about walking the strip, I thought that I was going to die on our way back. Taxi! Great place to chill = Signature, wanna go crazy = somewhere else.
5	I chose the Signature because the price was great for the suite I wanted but was sold on the fact that the whole hotel is non-smoking and there was no casino in the hotel.  I don't gamble and can't stand the smell of smoke (I know...what the hell am I doing in Vegas, right? hahaha)Anyway, the hotel was so nice that we decided to extend our "quick overnight getaway" to a three day holiday.  I had made some arrangements with the hotel for a surprise birthday celebration and it somehow got messed up so they offered to take care of it with a generous compensation. Now that's customer service!!The whole hotel is clean which is great for a semi-germaphob like myself.  Our room had a balcony featuring mountain and strip views, a full kitchen, living room, two sinks (which I feel always keeps a male and female sane when staying in the same place), a whirlpool tub, a glass stall shower, and a guest bathroom complete with glass stall shower.  Wish I had my ipod to take advantage of the ipod alarm clocks, and the crackling flamed fireplace on our pop-up tv in the bedroom for the turndown service was a great touch when we came back to the room after dinner.It's convenient to get to the strip and MGM through the Signature Towers connecting tunnels.  It almost feels like your own secret passage way since only Signature guests can gain access to the tunnels with their room keys.  The Pool is great...relaxing and pool side food service was quick.Would definitely come again as the service was wonderful and the room was fabulous!!
5	Staying here is 100x's better than dealing with all the casino chaos. IF for some reason you're going to Vegas for the crazy drunk college kids screaming through the casino and it takes you 25 mins. just to walk to your pool and wherever you turn there are old people walking 2 mph in front of you, then by all means - do the casino route.A friend mentioned that you can rent condos on vrbo.com for great prices.  We got a particularly great deal on a junior suite since Vegas is hurting right now for the business (sadly).Perks: pools and eateries right downstairs, direct walkway to MGM, kitchenettes in every room/suite (even a blender for your own drink concoctions !), no crowds, nice pool area, more mature guest (read: less obnoxious newly 21 year olds) and balconies !!!I especially LOVED the fitness rooms in each tower. I know, I'm a total dork for loving the work out room in Vegas but they had state of the art machines with direct TV at every one, chilled towels for after your work out, and a ton of equipment so you can sweat out all the crap from the day before to get ready for the night ahead !
2	Worth a look - but def not worth the price. I could tell by walking through the place that they spent a lot of money on the design and feel of the spa.  Here are my thoughts on the play-by-play:-Greeting:  Warm, OK.  Not anything super special.-Robe:  Robe was FABULOUS!  I'm 5'10" and any robe that not only wraps around me with enough to cover me when I sit, and goes below my calves is great.  And plush!!!-Slippers:  GREASY!  I mean, who wants to be reminded that someone else has worn the slippers before?  Nasty.  Had to wipe down.Snack/Water: Good snack, fresh fruit (apples) and water container with oranges/lemons. VERY refreshing.  The hostess (?) did hand me a small bottle of water upon check-in too.  Locker:  Good.  Restroom/Women's Change area:  Restrooms were clean.  The change area was stocked with pre-pasted individually wrapped toothbrushes (GREAT TOUCH!), deodorant, hairspray, and other nice touches.  I don't ever use the hairbrushes the spas provide simply because I'm not sure who's used what and put what where...  I couldn't tell which were clean and which were soiled there.Showers:  Small, greasy tile, doors do not offer privacy.  I walked in and saw a woman shaving, and could tell a LOT about her body.  They need to fix that.  They do offer VERY NICE RAZORS!  The shower gel, shampoo were ok.Lounge:  Now this is what has really take away from my joy that day...  The lounge is typically a place where you go to relax before/after the massage.  Typically there will be nice soothing music playing and the vibe encourages whispers/quiet.  NOT SO HERE.  There was NO MUSIC, women were cackling, you could hear a couple of vulgar women hanging out in the "clothing optional" spa talking about the night before...  The seats were OK...  There aren't many so, a few ladies had to sit on regular chairs...  when the therapists come in to get their next client they YELL OUT THE NAME!  It was a stressful environment at the hour and half hour when massage times were up.Massage:  I don't like to be nickel-and-dimed.  If you're going to charge me $195 for massage, I can decide to take it or not.  But don't charge me $140 and then claim that anything I ask will be extra...  Like - "do you have any areas you'd like me to concentrate on?"  I answered, "Yes, my lower back..."  the response was "OK, that'll be an extra $20 for customization..."  WHAT???  UGH!  I don't like that.The quality of the massage wasn't too great either.  I had Karen who basically gave me an oil rub.  I asked for the Swedish.  There were rapid, harsh, jagged movements, and talking.All in all, I was disappointed.  Unless there are profound changes, I won't be returning.  I'm glad my girlfriends couldn't make it with me.  I would have been thoroughly embarrassed.Sorry Signature.
5	Loved it. Second time I stayed. First time was a 1 bedroom suite. This time was a 2 bedroom suite. Both times the stay was great & its not too pricey. No casino, but a short walk to MGM thru a hallway w/moving side walk thing.
4	This was my home for 4 days and 3 nights, I shared it with a friend and there was plenty of room for drunken stumbling, recovery and attempting to remember what we did, who we talked to and why'd we drink like that again... The room was a good size, with a kitchenette, microwave, sink and all the normal pots, pans, plates and flatware you'd expect in a kitchen. There was even a blender, fridge and a toaster for use. I guess these are actually high rise condos and some people live in these places. Sickness. The shower was big, the spa tub was nice, sinks nice and the toilet was as expected. My only problem with the bathroom was that there is NO fan in the toilet area...the guy I was sharing the room with is a health nut and was taking protein powder...lemme just say....BLEH! We stayed on the 34th floor and had a nice view of the strip during the day and night. The windows are tinted so if you're too drunk to close em the night before you aren't getting beamed in the eyes by the dreaded Vegas sun. There's complimentary Internet access so I was able to post my shenanigans on FB and let others know what type of drunken debauchery was going down. The problem I had with the hotel was that it was a bit of a journey to get to the main hotel as well as the food areas. But other than that, the staff was helpful, the maids were nice and they don't bother you if you and a friend walk in stumbling and your friend barfs in the empty vase on display in the Lobby. Fun times! I'll be back, dunno if I'll get accepted back but I'll try! : )
1	I first learned about The Signature when MGM started contacting me to purchase one of the condo-hotel units they were selling.  I reviewed the materials and determined that they were dreaming because the prices were too high for the product they intended to deliver.  Years later, The Signature opened up.  I never intended to stay here, but I followed the room rates and reviews closely as I have an interest in Las Vegas real estate and developments.So, I am visiting Las Vegas and staying at The Skylofts at MGM.  I wanted to extend my stay, but the property was full for the extra nights.  My casino host offered to put us in a room at The Signature for the extra nights.  Reluctantly, I agreed.  Big mistake.  This property is so bad I would rather stay downtown.  Where to begin...I will start by saying something nice.  The lobby, the rooms, and the common areas were tastefully decorated.  Now, that we got that out of the way, time to blast this place for being the worst place I have ever stayed in Vegas.For starters, I did not find the staff to be friendly at all from start to finish.  That would have been forgivable if they were efficient, but they weren't.  It all started with the dreadfully slow check-in process.  It wasn't crowded, it was just plain slow.  Slow to get to an agent, slow to get the keys and get away from the agent.  S-L-O-W.Once we dropped out bags in the room, we realized just how far we were away from civilization.  Getting from the room to the casino or the taxi stand at MGM was a 15-minute walk.  Sure, you could take a taxi from The Signature, but that would require a concierge or bell hop actually providing you with a service.  You can't count on that!We arranged a dinner reservation at Nobu and a limousine to take our group from The Signature to the Hard Rock Hotel through the concierge.  The driver showed up and took us to the restaurant, but the restaurant had no record of our reservation.  This was for a graduation celebration, and I set everything up, so I looked bad.  I called The Signature to get some assistance and they said the woman who helped me was gone for the day.  They were unable to get us into the restaurant, so it was a total loss.  We waited for over an hour before we were seated and although the food was good, it was hard to enjoy it since the staff acted as though they were doing me a favor by even allowing us to dine without reservations.When we got back to the hotel and spoke to the front desk, they didn't seem to care.  They admitted fault, but weren't really sorry.  Ok, things happen, but I thought they might offer a concession of some sort.  Nothing was offered so I didn't ask for anything.Then, it got worse.  One of my dinner guests who lives in Las Vegas had parked his car with the valet at The Signature.  After dinner, drinks and a bit of gambling, he got a phone call and needed to get home.  After the long walk back from the casino to The Signature, he was in a bit of a hurry to get out the door.  When he gave his parking ticket to the valet, the valet said he would grab his car immediately.  My guest gave the valet a $20 tip and asked him to please hurry.  That was the last time we saw the valet.  He left.  Not only did he leave, but he left with my guest's car keys.  We could see my guest's car, but we couldn't gain access to it.  My guest was officially stuck and the other people working there acted as though we were inconveniencing them by asking for help.  After about an hour, they somehow retrieved the keys from the missing valet and returned them to my guest.  He went home...upset. This list of problems can continue, but I think you get the idea.  The staff in this hotel is incompetent, based on my experience.  Further, the management doesn't seem to care that the staff is causing problems for the guests.  I never voiced my complaints in a letter or anything, I just left and forgot about it...until now.If you are considering The Signature, consider something else.  There are a ton of great properties on The Strip that are comparably priced and provide a better location, better service, and a better overall experience.  I visit Las Vegas 10 times a year, and have stayed virtually everywhere.  This is the only place I have vowed to NEVER return.
5	I. LOVE. LOVE. LOVVVVEEEED this place! We got a one-bedroom suite for 8 people (yes, it's a lot, I know...HEY, we're in a recession people!) but I am never going to stay in a regular hotel room anymore. There was a kitchen, 2 bathrooms (SO much more ideal for groups with girls who need to get ready while others just shower or whatever in the other bathroom), a king-size bed in the bedroom, a full-size pull-out couch, and this awesome tv that came out of the desk! There are apparently 3 towers, and there is a pool at each tower. Each tower is connected to each other as well as to the MGM Grand...OKOK it's not on the strip, and although it's a bit of a far walk, there's an indoor walkway and there are those automatic walkway things like they have at the airport, you know? You can also use all the MGM Grand facilities, like the pool at MGM Grand...which is super duper nice but crowded during the summer for sure.We took our own drinks and food and put the drinks in the fridge...heated up water on the stove to make cup ramen. All that good stuff! Hope you guys try it out and never go back to the regular hotel rooms like me!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. It's really NOT that far from the Strip - maybe a 10 minute walk if you're not drunk. And it's easily connected to the MGM hotel via walkways within the hotels. The design of the rooms are gorgeous. The carpets are beautifully clean even in the hallways, and it's very quiet. I've only stayed here once, but loved it so much that I'm thinking of buying a condo here.
4	The rooms are sweet and a reasonable price.  It's like having your own Vegas condo.  Also, you get entrance into Wet Republic without staying in the more expensive MGM roooms.
4	I was here for a conference and used our company owned suite for 5 days. Must say that if you are here for an extended stay or just an overnight-er, this is quite the comfortable place to be. Full kitchen (yes, I actually used every appliance from the fridge to chill my water, to the oven to reheat my room service from the night before, to the dishwasher to clean up my mess from the over boiled hot fudge for my pity sundae :)  ), and state of the art appliances. If you are brave enough to find a grocery store, stock up. Their kitchen has every pot, pan, plate and utensil you need. Yes, even a cheese grater my midnite quesadilla fans.With an owner suite, you get the use of their 2 in 1 washer/dryer combo. Has to be the most energy efficient appliance I have ever seen. And it seems to have actually gotten some of my clothes cleaned and dried faster. Why the heck did I do laundry and house chores during my stay, well - you try staying in your bosses house and see if you tidy up after yourself. Besides, I needed to be able to "test" everything out to report back at the office the next week ;)The level of service compared to other suites I have stayed in LV was unparalleled! I was in Tower 1 facing the mountains and the infamous Wet Republic. Great Balcony and view!We have a 1 bedroom suite, so there is a 3/4 bath in the front living area (to accommodate folks who stay on the pull out) and a full bath with Jacuzzi tub (fits up to 4 seated) in the main bathroom. The double sinks are perfect for a man/woman stay since the vanity and 2nd sink are apart from the first. But, I seized the opportunity to take over on both. ;)Soft down bedding and linens, made for a happy well rested Doreen. I also got to watch the Stanley Cup Championship and one of the NBA Finals games while typing away on my Mac, propped up with the aforementioned Down Bedding, with the nice little TV that pops up out of the desk. Check out their summer specials on-line, though I hear you can get a better deal if you call them up. I also loved the no-smoking policy in the tower. So nice to not have to deal with that stench that makes a former smoker gag...lolp.s. be nice to your personal concierge, bell people, and valet (you can only valet here). They gave me some great tips, directions, and local persons perspective on where to go and what to do.
2	Try not to be fooled into thinking this is a hotel. Because it's not. And if you ask for hotel services, such as clean towels not between the hours of noon and three p.m., the staff will rudely remind you that as this is technically a condominium building, there is not a housekeeping service on-site, and they will not connect you to the offsite company, here's the number, call them yourself and remember to dial 9 to get an outside line. I didn't like this and was not aware that hotel rules don't apply here when I made my reservation, but I didn't feel like arguing so I went along with it anyway. And then I couldn't get the phone to connect to an outside line. So again, I dialed the button on the phone that says "housekeeping" even though, well, you know... there is none. I was connected to a different person at the front desk who was not as rude as the first but did remember to tell me bluntly to "dial 9." "Yeah, I did that." He placed me on hold to call the cleaning service company himself (after I asked him to, of course). He got back on the line and told me he "can't get through to them either, how about you try using your cellphone? You do have one, don't you?" "Yes, I have one... but this is ridiculous. I can't get a couple of clean towels?""You better call them soon, too, because they close at 6:00 and it's now 5:45 pm.""Let me get this straight... I'm now supposed to use my personal cellphone to call an off-site company to send someone to the hotel, excuse me, CONDO, even though you advertise as a hotel on hotel websites, at 5:45 pm on a Saturday.""That's right.""Right."I hang up and use my cellphone and not only does no one answer the phone (duh, look what time it is!) but it rings to someone else's personal cellphone, too - not a cleaning company! I don't bother to leave a message or call the useless front desk again. I dont actually expect them to send someone out on a special trip but for pete's sake, they only gave us two towels to begin with and they were both sopping wet at this point.On a side note, about two hours before this happened, I used the "concierge" button on the hotel phone to make a dinner reservation. I was placed on hold to "confirm" the reservation with the restaurant and no one ever came back. But I routinely use the hold button at my own job so I chill and wait. I wait like a pathetic doofus for probably 6-7 minutes before I realize how much time has passed and hang up. When I call back I realize that there is no concierge, it's actually the front desk answering and a different person tells me that the reservation has been made. Well then, why the f*ck didn't the first guy get back on the phone to tell me this like he said he would? Lame.
5	Hubby and I stayed here a few months ago for the Killers concert. Got a great price through Expedia with my airfare from the OC. Check in was a breeze. Our room was beautiful. A decent walk to the MGM Grand but not obscene. I actually liked the whole idea of a non gaming hotel because it didn't smell like smoke and was kind of an oasis away from the Strip. Good proximity to mid strip hotels. Never had a problem with housekeeping. I would definitely recommend!
2	The MGM Signature is located close to the Las Vegas airport which means it is about a half hour drive to where all the action is at... I booked this hotel because I knew I had to pick up friends at the airport and it would be convenient in that sense, and also because we had a large party and were planning to have limo service everywhere we were going. Otherwise, if you are walking or driving, I would stay elsewhere.First, when we arrived, I was pretty annoyed that there were only two people checking in guests. I waited about 20 minutes and there was only one party ahead of me. Very slow service. We finally got checked in and went up to our suites... I booked a one-bedroom with an adjoining junior suite and was very disappointed to see that they weren't connected. I called the front desk to which they explained "Oh... I'm sorry... we adjoin our suites through the foyer entrance in the front" meaning they aren't connected by a door through the connecting walls but that both of our rooms had a separate entrance but if you left the doors open, they were now "adjoined." I guess they justified this because outside of our two separate doors, there was a double door entrance that you could still close off to the public so that when we left our doors open, we would still have privacy, but still... it was just a really weird and inconvenient design!I didn't have any problems with hotel services... we got clean towels, extra blankets, sheets, and pillows with no problem at all. They did say they don't have cots though so basically, there are only two beds per room no matter what size of a suite you book. In our one-bedroom, there was only one king bed and there wasn't a choice of having two queens instead. The pros of this hotel are: 2 bathrooms in a one-bedroom (very large bathrooms with flat screens and a jazuzzi tub), huge fridge, fully stocked kitchen with utensils and pots, easy access to MGM, and huge balcony. However, for the price, I would have easily picked a hotel that had a better location and bigger rooms.
5	Honestly, when I think of MGM in Vegas, I think of crap and avoid it at all costs.  Don't know what it is, but the MGM Grand hotel just doesn't scream fun, fabulous, or upscale to me.But along came the beautiful Signature @ MGM Grand.  A big group of us were going to Vegas for a mini-reunion and I needed some big suites at a decent price.  We reserved the nice one-bedroom suites which were spacious and an definitely upscale.  From the stainless steel kitchen to the huge master bathroom to the flat screen TV that comes out of the desk, it was for sure a great experience.  The hotel staff were friendly and attentive.  They bring you bottled water everyday and even gave us a $24 credit to use at their gourmet deli each day! The decor in the entire hotel is beautiful, and they brought out fresh red roses every day.  The grounds are gated and there is complimentary valet parking.  Oh, and there is a washing machine/dryer-in-one in the bathroom!  The suites are condos and it is a non-gaming property, so you won't get any of that overwhelming smoke, but you also don't get that crazy wasted party scene that Vegas is known for.  Which can be a pro or a con, depending on your mood.The only downside is that the hotel is off the strip, and if you don't have a car, walking can be a bitch.  But if you have a car and this isn't your first time to Vegas, The Signature is a luxurious find.
5	Alright everyone let me give you the low down. First off. The mgm signature is a residence hotel. THIS MEANS: That a lot of the suites are owned by independent third party owners. If you book the suite through the MGM you still get everything that a hotel would offer (maid service etc. If you book your suite through a third party it's upto the third party to provide you with things. SO MAKE SURE TO CHECK WITH THE THIRD PARTY TO MAKE SURE YOU GET WHAT YOU NEED. Second off. You can get a great deal through 3rd party owners. IN FACT AMAZING DEALS. We were able to book the 2 bedroom suite which has two kings beds, 2 queen pull out beds,  3 bathrooms with showers and a balcony that has an amazing view of the strip. I mean we could see from mandalay bay to the wynn. AWESOME. There was maid service everyday. We booked the room through bluechipvegas. AWESOME COMPANY. WE were given the upper penthouse suite! on the 38th floor. (THERE ARE 10 penthouse floors so dont be fooled. From floor 28-38). Not only that but the third party gave us a 30% discount on standard rates through the MGM for a normal suite. INSANE CHEAP! Ok Onto the location. Yes. THE MGM SIGNATURE IS LOCATED BEHind the strip a little. It is connected to the MGM through an indoor lobby. So if you want to walk the strip you might have to walk like 2 or 3 mins. Now that being said. My recommendation is get to know Ketalla ave. This street takes you everywhere in vegas. It's also known as the backroad. THIS IS THE ROAD ALL THE TAXIS TAKE! We were able to get to the wynn and encore within 5 mins in a taxi and to paris or planet hollywood within 1 min. TRUST ME take 5 mins to get to know ketalla ave and you will save yourself the headache of dealing with las vegas blvd. The suite itself was supper classy. Marble counter tops, three flat screen hdtvs, two tvs in the bathrooms. Tvs that come out of the desk. etc etc i could go on for hours. IN SHORT. I LOVED IT. The ammenities. Be sure to check out the pool. If you like calm and quiet go before noon.  8am to 7pm  is when the pool is open is open. from 12-7 it is an absolute party in the pool. SO only go there if you like to party. The music from Wet republic (Which is the pay to get in party pool at MGM) can be heard through out the pool. The lazy river is filled with people looking to have a good time and drinking of course. This hotel is also a valet only hotel. So they park your car for you. Depending on how many rooms you have that's how many cars you can bring in. 1 car for each jr or 1 bedroom suite. So keep that in mind all of you people who like to sneak 20 ppl in one room ;-). It doesnt mean you couldnt sneak them in, they would just have to park elsewhere. Truly one of the best experiences i have ever had. Great price. Great amenities. For the same price at the encore, wynn, venitian, or palazoo to get a 700sq ft room. We were able to get a two bedroom, one living room, kitch, 3 bathroom 1500sq ft room. Trust me you have to give it a try sometime!
3	The Signature at MGM Grand...Yes, like dumb chumps, we assumed that it was just a sister resort to the MGM.  We read the description and we thought it all sounded so great.  A jacuzzi tub?  Flat screen tvs?  Two bathrooms?  A fully stocked kitchen?  Designer toiletries?  Feather-top beds?With the extremely budget-friendly sticker price, we were even willing to overlook the whole "We are a non-smoking facility" thingamabob.And so we did.  On Friday, we booked a one night stay for a random one-nighter Vegas trip for Saturday night.Well, well, well...Unlike many of the other "sister properties" that are popping up all over the LV Strip, the entrance to The Signature is hidden way back in some alleyway BEHIND the MGM.  Lovely.  Apparently, the two properties are connected by a bridge or walkway or whatever, but after the roundabout drive that we had to make, it was instantly decided that walking to the Strip would be an exercise in futility.  None of us like to walk.The problems began as soon as we stepped into the tastefully appointed lobby.  There was ONE clerk at the front desk assisting some asinine woman with package receiving.  Is it really that hard to pick up ONE little FedEx envelope?!  Anyways, I digress...  The front desk lady spent SO LONG helping the lady in dire need of package receiving that we all started to get more than a bit annoyed.  There was another group in front of us that looked equally annoyed, and we all crossed our arms and threw each other exasperated glances for a good 15 minutes.Once we finally checked in, we were sent up to our room, which happened to be one of the penthouse suites.  Sweet.  Suite... Okay, I'm lame.  Anyways, the room was just as promised.  Everything was beautiful, and we totally dug the restroom.  The only unexpected thing was that the kitchen was actually a kitchenette, and the "fully-stocked" advertisement had failed to mention that there was only one dinky little pot and just two sets of flatware.  Lame.  Luckily, though, we came armed with our own chopsticks (what's a Vegas trip without instant noodles?!  That's right.  We roll ghetto Korean style!).  I suppose it's worth noting that the appliances include a microwave, toaster, coffee maker, and blender.The appliances came in handy because... there are no restaurants at this hotel.  Nope!  Just one dinky little deli.  Remember, people LIVE here, too.  We read that there was a Starbucks on the property, but maybe it was at one of the other two towers.  Who knows?  And I didn't see a bar anywhere.  Mind you, there was also no casino.  I don't know if room service was an available option or not, but we also didn't bother to find out either.  We were just glad we packed our own snacks...Oh... where's the Vegas FEEL???  Not at The Signature, apparently.  No smoking, no casino, no familiar coin jingle, no buzz of excitement, no smell of booze.  Were we really in Sin City?  Or were we back in Orange County?  Sheesh!The balcony was pretty cool, as we were really high up.  We could see down below to the three pools and whatnot, with an especially cool view if you lean over the railing.  Yep.  No floor to ceiling windows here to stop you from taking a dive over the edge.  Kinda freaky, actually.  Don't even bother trying to sneak a cigarette on the balcony.  The entire PROPERTY is non-smoking, and there are little stickers on the balcony doors that alert you, "This is a non smoking facility.  The balconies are monitored around the clock by our video surveillance system."  Creepy.  They're watching you!  Apparently, if you DO sneak a puff, there is a $150 charge.  Whatever.Note that The Signature charges $20 a day for an INCIDENTAL FEE.  Basically, you get newspaper service (I never once saw a newspaper), WiFi throughout the room, and two bottles of water in the mini fridge.  $20 for all that!  What a bargain!  *dripping sarcasm*  And no, you do not have a choice whether to use these services or not.  You just get charged.  Why it's not rolled into the advertised cost of the room, I cannot fathom.  It is what it is.Rather than trekking on foot, we opted to just take cabs here and there.  To get to the Bellagio from The Signature, it cost about $6 before tip.  Not bad at all.All in all, we barely stayed in our room.  We were in VEGAS, which meant that we wanted to gamble, party, and drink - none of which we could do 24/7 at The Signature.  Most of our time was spent at Bellagio and other properties on the Strip.Would I stay at The Signature again?  Probably not.  It really lacks the whole Vegas feel, in my opinion.  Would I have my grandparents stay at The Signature?  Probably.  It's quiet, it's clean, it's posh - my grandparents would appreciate that.As for me?  I'd rather stay somewhere with a bit more action, if you know what I mean.
3	upon arriving, we had to wait 25 minutes to check in! that is ridiculous.  There were only 2 people working the check in and about 3 people in line.  I really don't think it takes that long to check guests in. I thought the room was going to be big and spacious, but the master bedroom was actually pretty small.  the decoration was meh.  They give you two complimentary water bottles, however one of them was open and they still have the nerve to put it side by side with the other one smack in the middle of the refrigerator!!  how funny.  I would also like to mention that it is not necesary to call your guests at 7:30 AM to ask about room service.  How rude, people are trying to sleep.  Who in vegas gets up at 7:30 am?!  these people are crazy.  fyi- "connecting rooms" does not mean a door in between two rooms like most hotels.  connecting rooms here means a door on the outside of the room "connecting" the two rooms. so i would have to go outside to go into another room...the upside to the hotel is that there are two bathrooms ( one in the master bedroom and one guest) both with showers which was convenient when getting ready to go out!  i like how there is a kitchen and a huge refrigerator that lets you stock up on your on drinks.  Its about a 3 minute walk to mgm grand so not too bad!  I would rather book venetian over this hotel any day though!
4	Our stay at the Signature was pretty fabulous other than a few things that I will discuss later that caused a minus one star.  The room was gorgeous.  Very clean, all the amenities advertised, fabulous.  There is an indoor air conditioned walkway to MGM.  You also have full access to all the pools at MGM and Signature pools.  Cabanas here are much cheaper than the MGM and the pool is quieter.  It is nice to have all the options.  This is a smoke free hotel which is a really nice break in Vegas for those that don't smoke!  It is also a no gambling hotel so you don't have to wade through all the people in the lobby to get to your room.  The jacuzzi tub had to be the favorite of the weekend.  My complaints were minor and would have probably rated the stay 5 stars if not for the long check-in line.  Which brings me to the (few) negative aspects:The reasons I knocked off one star:  Check-in took forever!!   We arrived around noon on Friday and while we were super happy to be able to check in early, it took forever to do so.  The reason was that they had only one person checking in guests.  On a Friday.  In the summer.  In Vegas.  While 2 other concierge people just stood there staring at the line.  A better use of staff would be more people working the check in line.I was also told we could have 4 waters sent up to our room a day in check-in but when we called were told we only got the 2 in our room.  But you could grab water from the valet, pool, and gym so we were covered in the end and that is more than other hotels offer.I also didn't like how they tried to shove the private more expensive cars down your throat acting like there were no cabs when in fact they keep the cabs in line further down and out of site and only call them up once you deny the car service.  A little annoying to go through each time considering the number of cabs one takes in VegasBut all in all, out stay was great and we will be staying there again next time!
4	This resort condominum hotel deserves a 5 star rating for the super friendly people everywhere.I agree with Rebekka K., I do not think I have ever been treated so great by the entire staff of a hotel/resort.I was told by the front desk that my reservation was for tower two, but there were many openings for rooms and I was asked about my preferences:Asking for a strip view, as high as possible - I was placed in tower one on floor 36 facing the strip: once again service above and beyond the normal.The rooms are very nice, including a balcony and jacuzzi tub, they feature a large bathroom with seperate toilet facility.The pools are very nice and not to crowded, as each tower has a pool area associated with it.The lobby area smells lightly scented and adds a nice touch to the building.The decor is very understated but with an elegant feel.The facility has valet parking and the valet service was very fast.Other reviewers have complained about the distance to the casino and nightlife, but then again - that is one of the attractions of the signature. A quiet elegance seperate from the casino.My only concern is the $20.00 "resort fee" which is added to your bill, and there is an additional tax added on the resort fee. This fee covers the use of the fitness room and also for internet connection while you are in your room - but you do not come to vegas to roam the internet in your room.Even though the fee is a minor issue, it leaves you with a less than wonderful feeling after a stay in LasVegas that was otherwise pretty special.
5	Even as I sit here, at the airport, waiting for my delayed flight home, I can't help but already miss the Signature! For about $280 each, two friends and I booked airfare and 2 nights at the Sig, and the hotel portion of that price was absolutely worth every penny.Because my mind is too Vegas-ed out to form cohesive paragraphs, but is still eager to spill the deets to you, fine Yelpers, here is a list of highlights:1. Our flight got in at 9am, and we were really nervous about the posted 3pm check-in time, but the staff didn't even flinch and we were in our room by 9:30.2. THE ROOM. Now, I know I also said the Imperial Palace was A-OK, but don't let that discount your opinion of my review. The Signature was probably the nicest hotel I have ever booked for myself. Our Junior Suite was very spacious and complete with a king-size bed, full hide-a-bed couch and a flat-screen TV. And though we never made good on our intentions to use the well-stocked kitchenette, it would still be very useful for someone wiling to go to a grocery store first. The bathroom, as others described, was crazy; I was narrating my own Cribs episode in my head every time I took a shower. 3. I don't know why other reviewers bitched about the excruciating trek to the MGM Grand and the Strip. The passageway from the Sig to the MGM was almost entirely made up of those airport moving walkways, so even the most intoxicated and lazy get in and out quickly. It was absolutely no big deal, and we stayed in Tower 3, which is the farthest. If you are looking to access the more central strip casinos like Planet Hollywood or Monte Carlo, just exit through the main gate and walk up Harmon Ave to save even more time. Also, walking is good for you.4. Speaking of good for you, complain all you want about the mandatory $20 resort fee, but that resort fee gets you into the nicest hotel fitness center I've ever seen.5. Also included in that $20 was free Wi-Fi, which is always nice.6. The service: aside from letting us check in early, the entire staff did their best to be helpful and welcoming. They were able to help us check out later than 11am, and answered all our questions with a smile. 7. Full access to the MGM's grand pool complex and the lazy river!!8. In general, the atmosphere had all the advantages of a private, slightly less debaucherous resort, but no one ever looked down upon the guests' typically-Vegas exploits.Only a couple of very minor disappointments:1. Tower 3's pool is closed on weekdays, and I don't understand why.2. I think I get the intent behind creating a unique look and feel to each tower's lobby, but the personalized scents (especially our tower's) were akin to being stuck in an overperfumed elevator.3. It's too bad that the inner tubes at the MGM pool were $16 to rent.4. I was really hoping that the bathroom TV would be in the toilet room. Isn't that what everyone wants??Overall, if/when I come back to Vegas, the Signature is my first choice!
5	LOVELY LOVELY LOVELY!!!! Thanks to our friend George who hooked us up with his condo.  This place was probably one of the nicest places I've ever stayed in Vegas.  It's SUPER clean and it's not crazy chaotic like your regular casino hotels.  For once, I wanted my hotel stay to be relaxing.  We fit 7 girls in a 1 bedroom condo and it was a perfect fit (so that speaks volumes!). Each tower has it's own pool and they're all really big and spacious.  The best part about it, is that you're only a hop skip and a jump from Wet Republic! You don't even need to walk outside...there's a walkway connecting all the towers. I'd definitely stay here again.
2	oh my god, snooze-a-roo.  for those who are looking for some quiet time in vegas or maybe going to a convention and hoping to get some work done in your suite.if you book a room at the MGM, do not let them "upgrade" you to the signature.  its far from everything, doesnt have a casino, and doesnt really have anything fun in general.  this place actually would have received three stars from me had it not been for this deception.  this is not the same hotel as the MGM and I found the whole thing to be pretty inconvenient.
4	This place was great.  The location is not right on the strip, but a short indoor smoke free walk to the MGM which is right on the strip.We checked in though a fancy gated entrance, palm trees all around.  We stayed in tower 3 which is the farthest from the mgm, but with the best style loby.  They pump Aroma-therapy though the vents that is plesant and not overwhelming, very realxing.  All of the Signature is SMOKE FREE!! which is crazy to find in Vegas.  The check in process was fairly quick and informative. We requested a room with a "Strip View", was as much of a view of the strip as we could get not being directly on Las Vegas Blvd.  Our room was Awesome!! CLEAN. Flat screen Tvs, iPod alarm clock. Bottled h20 in the fridge (which you pay for so Drink up!)  Bathroom was awesome.  Huge Jet tub!!! TV in there so you dont miss your fav show while you shave?  Turn down serivce was pretty sweet too, they "set the Mood"  Housekeeping was pretty good, they actually picked up our pile of dirty clothes and FOLDED them! Dirty! crazy, they place them in a little pile on your bench ready for you to pack.  Down side wasthat before I left the room I put on lip Gloss, drank out of a glass.  When we returned to the room, the glass was on back in the bathroom ready for use, I picked up to check it out, yep There was my lipgloss on the rim,  All they did was a quick rinse job.  I had expected that, I just hope they change them in between guests.   I would highly reccomend to someone who wants a relaxing expierence in Vegas.  At least realxing once you get back to your room and don't want to see someone puking in the hall or elevator
4	This is not a "strip hotel". It has the name of a hotel on the strip, but it shouldn't be booked with the belief that it is. If you're going to stay at the Signature, I recommend that you do so with the following caveats: 1) The entrance is in the back and by car: The thing that strikes you about the MGM Signature is that it looks like one giant residence. People do live in lofts here, so the most efficient way to get to the check-in desk is to pull up to the gate and drive your car to the buildings. The entrance is a little secluded around the back on the other side from the MGM main parking lot. Confusing? Hell yes. 2) There are three different towers: We came in a group that had two separate rooms. We had different towers. This was hella inconvenient. This won't matter for a lot of people, but each tower has different amenities downstairs. I believe each tower has it's own check-in desk, but one tower has the Starbucks, one tower has the pool, and one tower has the restaurant (which hit around $15 for a sandwich). 3) The walk to the MGM takes 10-15 minutes: Yes, it's a long walk. Don't anticipate being able to easily hit the casino OR the strip without having to walk quite a bit. It's connected by a skywalk like an airport in which they have moving walkways. If you're looking to get to the strip by foot, add another 10 minutes. 4) The hotel doesn't feel like Vegas: It's very different than a strip hotel. There is no smoking, there is no gambling downstairs, and there is very little to do in the actual hotel itself. If you can get over these facts, book away. I enjoyed this hotel because of its opulence. It wasn't a hefty price ($150) but it had one bedroom, two bathrooms, and a kitchen. Plus, the rooms have a balcony where the view is spectacular. Try to get a strip-side view, but if you don't get it, you'll see a beautiful view of the Las Vegas valley. The room was pretty sweet in itself and nice for a group of 4 people.
4	This hotel is a little off the strip, but worth the walk/extra cab fare.  The rooms are new and everything smells clean.  Always a plus in Vegas, considering I feel dirty just being there.  The girls and I came here for a bachelorette and it was great.  We had space for 13 girls in 3 one bedroom suites.  We stayed in Tower 3, which was the furthest from the MGM.  Although the tower's scent theme was minty fresh, I think I'd stay at Tower 1 next time since it is closer to the strip.My particular room had a pull out bed in the living room with a flat screen tv, a kitchenette, a king size bed in the bedroom, and a big spacious bathroom with jets in the tub- my buddy made a giant bubble bath that went out of control... =), not to mention a tv in the bathroom while you're getting ready for going out.  2 bathrooms, plenty of mirrors are very necessary when you've got a group of girls getting ready for a night out.All in all very happy with our stay, although not happy that we booked with an outside party and had zero access to extra towels and blankets.  I left a voicemail with the outside party when I arrived and they never came...  Oh well!Oh yeah, and AWESOME workout room- plenty of brand spankin' new equipment.  I worked out twice during my weekend stay!  Chilled towels, individually wrapped antibacterial wipes, extra headphones, bottled water, to name a few extra amenities offered on top of the awesome equipment!
5	So, there are no smoke-filled casinos to go through en route to your room. Instead, there is a beautiful lobby and very friendly staffers. Although the property is hard to access now (the street is under construction), it is WELL WORTH the detour! The rooms are gorgeous, the bellmen are amazing, and it's just a short walk (or stroll on the motorized walkway) to the MGM. The pools here are not too crowded, the deli is a major '2 yums up'. Good times. I can't wait to go back! Great value at a great place in a fun city!
5	By far my favorite hotel in all of Las Vegas. Sure many other competitors come close, but the Signature always stands out in my mind when I'm in Las Vegas. Let's start with their rooms. You really do feel spoiled when you're here. My first time there, I somehow lucked out and got upgraded to a one bedroom suite so I had my own bedroom and living room, sweet! The rooms are really clean and fully loaded with amenities. I think they're the only hotel so far that has the flat screen coming out from the desk. Next the pools. Every tower has their own pool, very private and not con jested. You got to love the the giant lounge sofas, you could stay out there forever relaxing ahhh...Lastly, I think what makes this hotel reign above others is their outstanding commitment to excellent customer service. I would be walking down the lobbies to the next hotel and before I could even open the door, an attendant would rush to my side and open the door for me. I wouldn't even have seen them coming. They're also constantly wiping down and cleaning every bit of the hotel, especially the doors, which is nice, who knows what people do with their hands out in Vegas. One time a staff member had his hands full carrying luggage and still rushed to the door just to open it for me, and it wasn't like I was carrying anything where I couldn't open it myself. I thought to myself wow, above and beyond. They really bend over backwards here for you. Great hotel!
4	I've stayed in their one bedroom suite and also their regular junior suites.  It is a bit far from the casino which can be both good and bad.  It doesn't have much of the smoke which is extremely important to me since I am allergic.  The rooms are decent size and with a full kitchen in one bedroom suite.  I don't ever cook in Vegas.... but they were just nice to look at... made me feel more at home.... :DI think it is the best value in Vegas if you get it on sale!
5	I'm lucky.  I have a friend who has a grandfather who has an affinity for making money.  And is generous.  And is the shit, in general.  He has a penthouse suite in Tower 2 and we stayed there for one night before moving to our more meager rooms in normal MGM.  Let's just say, this place is baller.There are 2 rooms and 2 bathrooms.  The master bath has a humongous jet-filled hot tub like bath as well as plenty of sink area.  The second room has a pull out bed and a dining room table.  Plus a fantastic view.  The kitchen has everything you need, from appliances to silverware to awesome cappuccino style coffee cups.  Given, we ate microwave burritos on the plates and black coffee in the cups, but they tasted more delicious because of it.Oh, and did I mention that  in the main bedroom there is a TV that comes out of the desk?  Yes, it comes out of the motherf***ing desk.  BALLER STYLE.  Even the artwork was unique and beautiful.  Staying at a place like this makes me start to understand why young girls like myself go after older men with money.  It's starting to all make sense...
4	For the price and setting, you can't beat this place; we got it for a total of about $160 on a weeknight.  They work hard on service, it's great if you're the somebody else puts on my pants one leg at a time type, but I'm not really about that.  Compliments to the concierge for getting my 26 page fax to go through and not giving up! Pool in front of our tower was closed though, they only had one open for the whole complex.  They didn't offer to deliver the Wall Street Journal to my door, a big bummer for me.  The exercise room was sufficient here, I guess you have to go the spa at MGM Grand if you want the rest of the set.  They valet your car, so I assume you don't have to worry too much about break-ins.
4	I'm effing spoiled when it comes to staying in Vegas. I used to be like "Yeah, I'll stay at Circus Circus or Imperial Palace and wade through all the grossness just to save whatever money I have". But now those days are over! Not because I'm a baller or anything, but more or less because I'm very fortunate to have friends who get hooked up for some reason. Just like this particular occasion! The Signature is basically a resort which was a sweet relief because it was hidden away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. I mean, the driveway itself wasn't even very well marked, but once you pass through those gates it's like the rest of Vegas disappears. The rooms were alright. Nothing too grand or bourgie. Just like a small apartment. The pool was pretty standard. 3 ft deep. Towels and bottles of water were provided for guests. I mean, it all sounds very mediocre but when you take the walkway to the MGM you then remember how sweet it is that you're away from all the Vegas crap. I think the best part of it was the location. Like I said, the three towers are hidden away behind the MGM and is within walking distance to the Miracle Mile Mall (which is great when you forgot your stupid belt at home). The highlight of my stay? Seeing a nude woman with huge mams sunbathing on her balcony. The downside? No smoking anywhere inside the hotel (not even on the balconies). Overall the place is like Heaven to stay at if you want to stay away (but be really close) from the Strip. Just make sure when you're staring at someone sunbathing you don't make it obvious by whipping out the binoculars in their direction. I'm just saying. :D
5	I now officially have a new favorite hotel. Can you guys believe that this place actually put the Wynn to shame? I think so. I simply wish I can buy one of these high rise condos. I m very excited to compare them to the Vdara's when they are raised. Driving to this hotel was a breeze. There is no need to find parking, because it is strictly valet only. At first I was a bit skeptical about tipping someone to get my car out everytime, but then I thought it was completely worth it and I wasn't tipping these guys enough. Valets are super friendly, fast and not to mention hand you a bottle of water while you wait. I saved so much $ just in buying water by taking my car out. Checking into the hotel wasn't too bad either. Since there are 3 towers, no casino crowd, they don't need those super long conveyor belt lines up in here. You just walk to up which ever counter thats open. I didn't want to try any sandwiching tricks, I just want to get the full natural experience. Just put me in a room. And boy did I get a room!  Either ways when I first walked into this room. There was no word to really describe it. I just made a video about it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8-DONZ3m44The best part of this room was simply it puts you a certain mood. Infact the entire hotel does with its theme music playing in each tower. The amenities I found myself using the most in the room was probably the kitchen. We always had left overs when we dined out, so found ourselves using the microwave and fridge a lot. They even refill your coffee and water supply each morning.We stayed in Tower 3 which was farthest away from Wet Republic, but has the most modern theme. Tower 2 features Deli. We spent $24 of resort credits in a gourmet breakfast. Trust me, those eggs were worth it. Tower 1 features a Starbucks. The towers all connected all the way to MGM and the outside walkways lead you to the MGM pool and Wet Republic. This was the best stay in Vegas..... ever. Did I mention there are jetted tubs that help you recover from a hard day of partying? I pretty much took advantage of everything this place to offer. I m looking forward to coming back and staying here again and again. It is worth every penny to spoil yourself at the Signatures.
5	VERY nice. We stayed here for our January Vegas trip. It was like home away from home.  Well, actually better than home. The suite was spacious and oh so luxurious.  The hot tub with jets was super relaxing and romantic.  I love how the TV arose from the stand with a push of a button.  My best friend was even laying/sitting on the TV while it was going up and down out of the stand. LOL! Played ding dong ditch when we got back to the hotel from partying (sorry).  Probably one of my better Vegas trips.
5	BEST place to stay in Vegas.  And one of the best places I have stayed EVER.  And has been voted as such on Tripadvisor at least once.Stayed here for 7+ days for our honeymoon.- HUGE bathroom with HUGE jacuzzi- Second guest bathroom- Fully stocked kitchen- Internet on the TV- TVs that come out of the dressers- A BALCONY.. with STRIP VIEWS.. you can NOT get this anywhere else - Private practically empty pools.  No kids running around.  Poolside drinks and food service.- You are treated like a VIP - opening doors for you, ushering you inside, that sort of thing.Did I mention this comes at a price CHEAPER than many of the big Strip hotels that have dirty and outdated rooms??I love the MGM and you do have to walk a bit to get to the Strip but it is worth it to stay here..!
4	I had a chance to stay here over labor day weekend and while it may not be the flashiest or most expensive hotel in Las Vegas, I would have to say I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.Among our group, we shared a full suite and a junior suite.  The full suite is 2 rooms with 2 full bathrooms and a small kitchen.  The kitchen came relatively fully stocked with a sink, decently sized refrigerator, an induction 4 burner range top, plenty of drawers and cabinets with several sets of plates, bowls, cups, utensils and the basic kitchen tools such as a chef's knife, cutting board, and other various items.  The cool thing about the "master" bedroom was the desk.  The TV comes up out of the desk, James Bond style!!!!  I seriously was totally tripping out about because I don't think I actually had seen one up close and personal.  What can I say, I'm a guy and I'm easily amused =PThe junior suite was a little smaller but it doesn't have a separate bedroom and doesn't have as big of a "kitchen" as the full suite nor does it have the James Bond TV desk.  It was still accommodating.  It doesn't have the automatic curtains like the Wynn did, but like I said, this isn't the flashiest of hotels.I do have to say really the only thing about this hotel is that is didn't really have any amenities.  It had a small gift shop, a Starbucks, a lounge, and... that's pretty much it.  Luckily we were in Tower 1 (there's 3 towers) which is the closest to the MGM Grand, but we still had to walk like 10 miles to get to the MGM Grand (obvious exaggeration).  Kinda sucked when we wanted to go to the pool or casino.  At least they had those flat escalators.Would I stay here again?  Not if I was by myself, but definitely if I was in a bigger group.  Sometimes we all just need to make some sacrifices in life
5	After reading the reviews, I had to book 2 nights at the MGM Signature.  I love this hotel.  It is better than the Four Seasons.  1) Service is EXCELLENT!  Lots of very friendly and helpful staff.  Doorman and concierge are better than the top doorman of NYC.2) VERY quiet and relaxing. Better than any resort I have been to before because it was NOT mobbed with people.  Last month I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Carlsbad and I have to say this hotel was more relaxing and calmer and had better service. 3) Beautiful rooms with views.  Stayed on 25th floor with balcony. For those afraid of heights, I would recommend asking for a room with NO balcony.  All the rooms are suites at 520 sqft with kitchenettes.4) Great bathrooms - Spa like with LCD TV. Powerful Rain showers. Huge Jacuzzi Tubs.  Great towels and Robes.5) Very nice and private pools.  Each tower (3 of them) have their own serene pool with plenty of lounges and chairs and cabanas. NO problems finding one.  Or if you want you can go to the main pools at the MGM and joint the loud smoking and drunken college crowd.  VERY difficult seating there.6) Great Starbucks and Bar and Cafe (not overpriced) for a resort.  Perfect for breakfast or gourmet lighter lunch.7) Great workout rooms.  NEW top of the line equipment.  Stocked with chilled towels, water and fruit. 8) All the buildings and rooms are NON smoking.  Lobbies are great and clean.  Good place to conduct business conversations. 9) MGM main casino is 8 to 10 minutes walk away (probably 3 city blocks).  All by INDOOR airconditioned MOVING walkways.  I personally love to walk and found it faster to walk to the casino then through it.  Inside the huge MGM, casino, it takes 20 minutes to walk across the crowded smoky casino (1 block). But if you can not walk, perhaps you should stay somewhere else. 10) SECURITY is TIGHT.  The general riff-raff can NOT enter the property or get to the suites from the Casino or the street. As you can see, this is NOT a party hotel, but it literally is next to one of the largest Party Casinos on the strip.  Best of both worlds.  As of September 2009, sure you can get a standard 200 sqft room at the Monte Carlo for $60 a night, but why not spend $120 and get a really luxurious 520 sqft room with EXCELLENT service?  I am sure you are going to lose 10 times the difference in the casinos anyway.Sure there is a $20 per day charge, but this gives you free internet and parking and access to the MGM spa.This probably will be the only place I stay from now on when I go to Vegas.
5	I had some friends in from out of town, so we wanted to find a hotel to stay in Vegas that had classy suites, could fit 4 of us, and wasn't too expensive. We had a great experience at The Palms Place a couple of months before and were also looking for another condo turned hotel that was non smoking and didn't have an attached casino, but was close to a casino and close to the strip. The Signature definitely satisfied what I was looking for. It's easy to get to the MGM Grand using the skywalk and also easy to get to the strip. The pool at the Signature is nice and relaxing and the breakfast place actually makes a very good breakfast. If you want fine dining, there are many great restaurants in the MGM Grand, and I really loved the poker room in the MGM Grand too. The room itself was a one-bedroom suite and perfect for 4 people. It had a pullout couch which was comfortable, and 2 full bathrooms. We got a great deal with their birthday special so the price satisfied too. I'd definitely stay here again.
5	I stayed here when it was barely opened so it was pretty dead and I must say, very nice.  I hit the gym too which is awesome, water and towels are provided.  The room was just perfect, very rich furnishings, new and clean.  I love the little accents for example each tower has a different decor theme, AND scent!  Wow.  They even give you a bottled water when you're waiting at the valet, great service!
5	The CLEANEST hotel room I  have ever stayed in.  Bravo!We went to Vegas for my friend's bachelorette party.  There were 5 girls in our group and we paid a very reasonable price for the nicest suite on the top floor of the Signature, Tower 3.  Full kitchen (with dishwasher and everything), 2 full bathrooms, a huge bed in the bedroom, a pull out couch bed in the living room, a balcony (!!!) , a decent view of the strip, huge jacuzzi tub (we all fit), lots and lots of closet space for our fancy Vegas nightwear.For the people who complained about the Signature being so far from casinos, etc...  Quit yer bitchin!  Everything in Vegas is huge and spread out!  Who the hell are you lazy people?  We were in tower 3 (like I mentioned) and had no issues whatsoever getting ourselves to the casinos and pool areas.  I love that we had a choice of which pool to go to (although, we of course opted for the lazy river rafting).  Plus, they've got moving freakin walkways to get around everywhere, so what's the big deal in being a little spread out from those smokey casinos?  (I don't mind the cigarette smoke too much but it was nice not smelling like a casino at the end of the night).The hotel was classy.  I hate staying somewhere nice and seeing everything bolted into place like I'm going to steal one of the hotel room phones or some huge decorative gaudy vase (although it looks awesome in the hotel lobby, I'd prefer not to carry it back to my room).Some weird business went on with my roomservice order charged to my credit card, but I forgive them because everyone I spoke with at the hotel afterwards were very accommodating.  (I will update with a worse review if the 2nd charge is not credited back, believe me.)So, my only beef?  The stupid valet or whatever he was who yelled at me about smoking in a cab.  A) It's Vegas, don't yell about smoking.  Ask.  B) There's no ashtray directly outside of the hotel where one should wait for cabs and this guy was trying to make me cross the parking lot in heels to properly dispose of my cigarrette.  C) He informed me rather rudely that I could not put my cigarrette out in the street, so when I put it out on the side of the garbage can, he yelled that if it caught on fire, he knew where to find me.  D)  The cab driver allowed me to smoke in the cab after all and dude shoulda minded his own business.When we returned from clubbing late that night, I am relieved to say that a different valet was on duty.  Not only did he ignore the cigarrette in my hand, he provided me and the rest of the girls of the bachelorette party with complimentary bottled waters.  (From the way we got out of the cab and stumbled toward the hotel, I feel it was pretty clear that water was the only thing we could have possibly needed at the time).P.S.  Thanks for serving BOMB white chocolate french toast at 5am.  Next time, I'd like more raspberries on the side.P.P.S.  I marked this as being "pricey" but for Vegas, it's a deal!
5	Well, in my opinion, it doesn't get much better than The Signature.  Check-in is always fast and painless.  The rooms are always spotless.  Nice lounge and pools.  Keep up the great work!!
5	Bar none THE BEST hotel I have ever stayed in, I remember arguing that i wanted to stay at Cesars Palace having stayed there on the previous two times i had went to Vegas , boy am I glad I lost that one. From the amazingly comfortable King size bed  to the big screen LCD TV to the kitchen to the kick ass Bathroom with bodacious shower & hot tub. I was in heaven. Our room had an awesome view of the mountains too. Its location is both a blessing and a curse as you have about half a mile of indoor corridors to walk to get to the MGM which is good when you want to feel like your at a resort far removed from the hustle bustle but sucks when your a little tipsy from all the drinking and lost your shirt at the casino. Other then that little caveat I will always be staying here when I travel to Vegas.
3	There's nothing wrong, per se, with the Signature, but it didn't deliver the Vegas experience that I was looking for. The rooms at the Signature are perfectly nice -- very clean and generally well appointed.  I was also pleased to get a room with a balcony and a Strip view -- I love chilling on a balcony during a Vegas sunset before the night of debauchery to follow.  Room service was quick and professional. And we enjoyed the experience of checking in at the airport.On the other hand, I thought the room was quite generic, not at all memorable like a comparable room I stayed in last year at Palms Place.  And although it was advertised as a "suite," it didn't seem much larger than a standard size Vegas room (although the bathroom was much larger, with a nice, large tub).Many of the other things that I considered drawbacks have been mentioned by previous reviewers:  --the amazingly long walk to get to the MGM Grand or the Strip combined with...   --the lack of on-property amenitiesOne of the main reasons I stayed here this year is because I thought it would give us quick, easy access to the key Tropicana/Las Vegas Blvd. intersection, but it was so far away that we never even made it over there.But I must reserve a special dishonorable mention for "Club Wet," the supposed ultra-pool, which tries to recreate a late-night party scene by the pool during the day. What a disappointment!  The architecture of the pool area was uninspired to say the least -- I've seen pools in low-rent apartment complexes with more character than this one!  The people were sufficiently beautiful, but the scene at the Hard Rock or the Palms has far more buzz, far more sexy vibe than this place, which is stuck way out back next to a parking lot for the MGM convention center.  The main pool is a much more fun experience for families OR hipsters!Overall, my experience at the SIgnature was not unpleasant by any means, but nothing was really very memorable about it..
5	Excellent service from the staff.  This hotel is a perfect choice if you don't want to stay in a casino (no smoking throughout!) but also want easy strip access.  While attached to the MGM Grand, access to The Signature is restricted only to those staying there so there is less hustle and bustle.  All amenities of The Signature as well as the MGM Grand are available to you.Rooms are gorgeous and very well-appointed.
5	This is hands down one of the more luxurious hotels in Vegas I've ever stayed in and quite possibly my favorite. (Compared to Bally's: bleh, Mirage, T.I., Venetian, Trump, and THEhotel.)The one bedroom suite is pretty much the size of a one bedroom apartment with a master bathroom with a separate shower and jacuzzi hot tub!!!, a full bath in the living room, a small balcony outside the living room, a kitchen! with a fridge where you can store all your necessities, and the best part: a flat screen TV that pops up out of the desk in the master suite! They have TVs in the bedroom, living room, AND bathroom with telephones in the toilet area just in case you needed to call someone to bring you extra toilet paper. Hahah.The only con is that it is towards the end of the strip and a bit further down from Ceasar's Palace/Venetian, etc. BUT it is connected to the MGM Grand, which allows you access to the strip through the hotel. So, if you're looking for a luxury stay, I would recommend The Signature, if even for a one time deal. You won't regret it!
4	The birthday girl set up the reservation here for one of the suites through Luxury Suites i believe...and if it werent for that third party then i would give this place 5 stars. I believe some of these suites/penthouses have been bought and get rented out through Luxury Suites...thus they have their own operating system (room service was the main thing i noticed). So whenever we needed help with the room we had to call luxury suites and not the concierge which was really annoying...especially since luxury suites room service people are only on premises until 5:00pm!The suite was a one bedroom, 2 bathroom, full kitchen and TV area with a pull out couch (there were 4 of us). The master bathroom was HUGE! What I loved about this place was that it was classy and not your typical vegas tacky, casino hotel. It has 3 towers and each tower connects to the MGM.. you are allowed to use all of MGMs ammenities. Tower2 has a pretty good little restaurant/deli that serves breakfast and lunch and Tower1 has a Starbucks. The pools were ok, kinda small, but quiet and relaxing.You can walk to the strip through the MGM (a little walking never hurt anyone!) but getting back on taxi was a bitch because there was construction going on on both streets by the hotel so it took like 30 min when it should've taken 5-10 min.
3	The room was what I expect of a high end hotel in Vegas....super nice. Here's the bad part aside from the little rude douche bag that checked me in, the hotel is is inconvenient requiring a ten minute walk to get to the MGM Hotel (indoor walkway), there is no casino on site, and valet is required.  The Signature would have gotten a 4 star if it wasn't for the long walk to and from MGM itself.  At 3AM in the morning 10 minutes feels like 30 minutes.
4	Best things about this hotel (We had one of the PH suites):1) No smoking in any of the Signature towers2) No casino in any of the Signature towers3) Gorgeous giant 2 person jacuzzi tubs and there's a tv right there in the bathroom. I think it's a 12 in flat screen.4) Service is prompt and professional. The concierge was very helpful, and even got us discounts on tickets to KA.  5) Room service is good, as in the food is on the whole well cooked. I wouldn't say it's the best room service ever, but it's solid.6) Nice kitchen in the suite to stock your own drinks. Very handy.7) Short 5 minute walk to MGM restaurant row and MGM Grand: Colicchio's Craftsteak, Minna's SeaBlue, Joel Robuchon, Wolfgang Puck's, Emeril's...and much, much more all within 15 minutes of the Signature.8) Gorgeous view of the strip and the desert.9) Huge 2 room suite with your normal high end hotel furnishings, but the kicker was the enormous flatscreen that rose from the desk in the bedroom. Super cool.Things that could have been a bit better;1) The pool was heated to about 80 degrees and was simply too hot to get into especially since it was over 100 outside. This really bummed me out because I was looking forward to laying by the pool and it was really too hot to do this without having cool water to dip into. I was told that the MGM river pool is kept quite cool, but it is very busy, and I was more looking for the relaxing pool experience.2) This is completely subjective but the bed was a bit on the hard side for my taste. Things to Keep in mind:1) If you want to get to the strip and are wearing heals just take a cab because the walk to the MGM is one thing, but beyond that it's just torture.2) The two small waters they give you each day really aren't enough so pounce on the waters that are gratis in the gym and by the pool.
3	This was a really nice stay!  Our room was booked through Expedia at about $150 per night.  A junior suite, big, mini kitchen....BUT, I am taking a couple of stars off because....one day, the maid came late and I didn't feel like leaving so I sat at the desk on my computer, kinda watching her.  After cleaning the bathroom, she brought a hand towel to the mini kitchen area in front of me, she filled the sink with water only, no soap, and put the coffee mugs in there.  Then she took the towel and wiped the kitchen area down, THEN, took the cups out of the dirty water and wiped them down with the dirty towel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had seen this on Dateline but was now watching it with my own eyes.  YUCK!  I never drink out of those cups anyways, hubby does, and I NEVER stick my toothbrush in one of the glasses in the bathroom.  Now for sure I won't!A note...there is MAJOR street construction surrounding the hotel which makes it very hard and $$$ if you are cabbing it, to get in/out of the area.  FYI!
5	I really like the fact that it is located kinda far from the casino. You need a room key to be able to gain access to the elevators, which is nice. I love the whirlpool tub. (wink, wink) The bedroom, living room, and bathroom were all super spacious. They also had a small kitchenette with a microwave, which is perfect for reheating leftovers and stuff. I had a really pleasant stay and the check-in and check-out process was super easy. They had a separate entrance from the MGM Grand main casino, which made it convenient to bypass the big crowds. It was a great experience staying there.
4	I travel to Las Vegas about 6 times a year on Business and a couple more for pleasure.  When I travel for business there are a couple of basic tenets - I have to be comfortable so I get my rest, the internet access has to be solid and reliable, and most important...I have to be able to get in and out of valet and on the road to my off strip meetings relatively easily.  That is to say, that I can't chance a 20 minute wait for my car or a traffic jam thanks to all of the City Center construction, which might make me late.  Traditionally, I've stayed at Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, MGM, or in a pinch the Rio to meet my criteria.  (The Rio may have the slowest valet on earth, but you can jump on I-15 in a matter of seconds.)During a recent lunch with a client who is also a local, they suggested the Signature Towers at MGM.  I got a rate of around $150/night for 3 nights so I gave it a try and I have to say for business travel it fits the bill perfectly.  I had a 1 bedroom suite.  The room and bathroom were quite large, extremely comfortable, and had all the amenities I need.  There's a full kitchen with utensils/pots/pans/glasses if you wish to stay in and a large HD flat screen on a swivel mount that can be comfortably viewed from the bed, desk or couch.  Because it's attached to the MGM Grand casino by a lengthy walk, it was very quiet.  No late night revelers, in fact I barely recall hearing another door shut.  It had a nice view (pic posted) and a large balcony.  Back to the walkway to the MGM.  You enter the MGM through a secure door at the far end of the corridor that houses the Garden Grand Arena and leads you past all of the restaurants.  At no point to either leave for my meetings, or to go t dinner did I need to encounter the casino, which when you're there for business is a good thing.The signature towers also have their own bar/lounge with food available, a starbucks, and pool/jacuzzi if you don't even want to mess with the MGM offerings at all.  The towers are located essentially behind and to the north of the MGM Grand, with a 24 hour manned gate, and when leaving, after about a 3 minute wait for the valet, you're able to slip right out onto Koval and avoid the strip entirely.  I loved it and will be back on every business trip I make provided I can get a reasonable rate.  I would also highly recommend it in particular to female business travelers for the security and privacy inside and out.  You must have a pass to get in the guard gate, and a key to re-enter the walkway from the MGM Grand restaurants to the towers.  Fifth star withheld because I didn't get to actually use the pool or test out room service.  But, I'll give the MGM Signature a chance to earn it when I return.
4	Loved the Signature- would've given another half star if available.  We rented from owners which is the way to go because it is about 25% cheaper.  There are plenty of websites to this end.It is nice to be off the strip, but still on it.  Total access and great plush rooms with all the amenities. I will stay there again next time and if I love it as much I will give it the 5th star.
5	When I opened the door to my 1br suite, it was to a model in lingerie posing for the camera.  Infinitely better than getting booked into the wrong room and getting locked out after unpacking, only to find six dudes from GA in there.  *cough* *Venetian*Rolling down, I found a bar in Tower 1, not only did he fix me a fat bourbon & coke on the spot, but filled a six pack for me to take back to the room.  AWESOME.  Given, the most expensive six pack that I've ever bought, but well worth it.I also booked my parent's and aunts into the Signature, and they were pimpin it up on the 35th floor, and boy were they ever happy to have the full kitchen and amenities.  Having that really made the trip for them, and they were so impressed and happy.  My family is all about sacrifice, they've done with less as a matter of habit.  Getting a hotel in the first place is a luxury.  Being able to give that feeling, by only having to spend some bucks... absolutely priceless.Not to mention, since they were cooking, I ate like a king.  Kimchi jigae, miyuk guk, kalbi, etc...  Cooked with love and shared with people who are stopping and taking a moment to really enjoy it.  These were the small moments, and seemingly inconsequential, but they were gamechangers.I'm sure that bourbon and coke helped, but the usual stress of traveling to Vegas was 100% gone after dinner.Of course, I took advantage of the kitchen in completely different way... 30+ different ways.... to get drunk.FYI, Emergen-C and Smirnoff works in a pinch.As opposed to your standard hotel room, I felt like I got my value out of this.  It was the best of both worlds in every way that makes getting away fun.  It was home away from home, private, yet still open and inviting, did I mention the model?  How about the other one?  Thanks for that, Ranz.  Ha.
5	This place is straight baller status! If you wanna go to vegas and have an excellent time you book a suite here! Walk out balcony, huge bathrooms with tvs, desk with a pop out 42 inch flat screen, another 42 inch plasma in the living room. subzero fridge, stove, small kitchen. Game OVER!!The concierge service was amazing as well. So helpful, and the doormen are awesome. Just a good group of people working over at the signature.
5	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 2Signature what? Signature who?WHOOOODY WHOOOOOO!!!!!Keep in mind that I have not been sleeping much in anticipation of this short trip away from the mind numbing dross of everyday life... well, as dross as only a GP can be. After entering the suite there's a shower/bath/sofa/tv/view/stove/microwave/iphone radio speaker/silverware/glassware/small fridge/etc/etc/etc. All the space a person could need and then some. But the question blaring in my head is... can you put a price on getting some sleep? Considering i'm in vegas, (the definition changes a little bit which can be relatively measured by Vegas blocks. and those are some long ass blocks) it's your a 'breath from death' due to alcohol poisoning induced sleep with a good measure of club sweat and minus 'something that I'm sure i'll come to regret when I remember it' type of feeling... more of a gray out leading to a black out kind of sleep.... but I digress....I am supposed to say 'no'' but lets be honest with ourselves. In vegas, you can have anything for a price. And that price comes to around a kingly ransome of about $120 plus taxes/etc a night. And considering the prices in Vegas.. I practically got the JACUZZI BATH TUB for FREE! Yeah, that's right! zzzzZZZZZzzzzzZZZ;D
5	A vegas hotel who doesnt have frenzied desk staff, actually let us in early to our room (a first!) and has a bathroom bigger than my college dormClose enuf to the fun but no presence of screaming drunk wankers in the hallway.  Its great.  Really!
4	I was a bit unsure about staying off the strip, but seeing as how these towers are connected to MGM via several moving-escalator-equipped walkways, it wasn't a big deal after all. Be prepared to walk a ways to get to and from your room though, because you can either leave your tower and walk through the back streets to get to the strip, or walk through MGM itself and exit onto the strip.The room was a nice suite complete with bed, couch, tv, small kitchen area, niche with ice bucket and mirrors, and the bathroom has a whirlpool!If you're the type of person that just wants a cheap place because all you need to do is sleep, consider the Signature. But unless you're young and willing to walk, consider staying somewhere closer to where you'll actually be spending your time!
5	I've stayed at Mandalay Bay, THE Hotel and the Palazzo - The Signature is by far the best value. There is something really nice about the entrance to the hotel. While I was waiting for a taxi, I tried to mentally describe the peacefulness, but was at a loss. Maybe it's simply not having all the craziness of slot machines and people swarming around that makes it so serene, but either way I loved it!
5	This place really impressed me.  I love the rooms here!  We got a penthouse suite with a view of the strip.  The room was huge and our balcony was fairly large as well. The room had everything we would need for a week long trip if we stayed that long.  The kitchenette was well stocked - pots, pans, utensils, bottle opener, wine glasses, you name it.  I could've cooked breakfast in the room after a long night of partying at XS...but then again, I'm on vacation and really shouldn't be cooking.  There was also wifi included with the room and 2 free small bottles of water per day.  The bed was very comfortable, and the jacuzzi tub was so relaxing.  Two sinks in the bathroom was also handy so I didn't have to fight to use one.The Signature pool was kinda dead so we laid out at the MGM pool instead where there was good music playing at Wet Republic.  It's close to all the energy on the Strip but is yet very private and somewhere you can escape to.  I can't wait to come back!
5	I stayed here for 2 nights in October, in a 1 bedroom suite. When you drive up to the "guardhouse" the attendant asks your name, checks his computer and directs you to one of three towers, which are located a little distance away from the MGM Grand proper. A motorized gate opens and you get the feeling you're in a gated condo community, which I suppose you are. Parking is by valet only; no self- parking is available. The lobby is beautiful and quiet; no slot machine noises or screaming craps players are to be heard. The smaller scale of each tower creates a sense of personal service and attention you can't get at the mega-resorts.The rooms are perfectly maintained and very large and comfortable. Since I got in after midnight I ordered room service, which came quickly and was excellent. The room service waiter said the kitchen for room service was beneath tower 2, and not in the MGM Grand as I had supposed. Each tower has its own swimming pool, and you can also swim at the large and beautiful MGM swimming complex.Access to the MGM casino is by a series of enclosed, climate controlled moving walkways, and from tower 2 it took about 5 minutes to reach. A wonderful place to stay if you don't want the typical hotel/casino experience.
5	The Signature oozes sexy sophistication. The first hint of your VIP status is the gated entrance. Give security your name and voila, let the fun begin.Roll up the driveway only to find superb valet service. Then, I flinched for about  a millisecond. Not only was our trunk crammed with the usual luggage, we had gone on a Costco shopping spree to fulfill our late night drunk cravings and purchased a ridiculous abundance of alcohol, which was in a cooler, on ice, of course. But I glanced around. Everyone around me was unloading their own coolers and grocery bags with the valet's assistance. Score.The lobby is unreal. And not in the way you'd expect. It's peaceful, quiet and smoke-free. This hotel is gives you the Vegas experience but removes the obnoxiousness from the equation. It's not for amateurs, i.e., gamblers.I stayed here with six other girls for a friend's Bachelorette  three-day weekend rendezvous. Seven ladies in one hotel room can (sometimes) equal a disaster. But not when you've booked a 1-bedroom suite that is nearly 1,000 sq. ft. and features a massive master bathroom plus an additional bathroom with all the amenities. I will never again stay in a Vegas hotel that is not equipped with a whirlpool spa tub. This was the highlight of our room. After running around Vegas and dancing in heels til you can't feel your feet, this was my saving grace.The kitchen was fantastic. Wine opener? Bottle opener? Blender? Coffee maker? Oven mitts?! It seriously had everything. We stocked that sub zero fridge/freezer until it looked like it stepped out of an episode of cribs.Two hi-def flat screen TVs, free wi-fi, a king sized bed, queen sized couch bed, lots of closet space and huge balcony with a sweet view completed this suite.It's easy to get on the Wet Republic guest list if you are staying here. That is the place to be. Just wander down the corridor that leads to the adjacent MGM Grand, a short walk, and you will find promoters chillin' just before you enter. If you want to splurge, check out Delights in the second tower and order the burger with goat cheese and sweet potato fries. It's ridiculously over priced at $18 but it helped kick my hang over like no other.Bottom line: tremendous value, classy and hassle-free. Next time I am in Vegas, I am booking this hotel without a doubt.
4	WHIRLPOOL. F!@#YEA SEAKING!Hmmm AFFORDABLE, LUXURIOUS, and SUITE don't really belong in the same sentence, but it does for the Signature at MGM Grand.We packed 5 people comfortably into one suite, and they had no problem with it except that they can only give you 4 keys to the room. Hope you got your buddy systems worked out.The suite is super spacious with an option to setup a couch bed in addition to your bed. By the way, it has a WHIRLPOOL. Hot damn that thing was amazing. The floor was comfy too. Some of us kind of ended up on the floor alot...The Signature is connected to the MGM Grand, albeit through long walkways so you may be tired coming back the next morning after some shenanigans.
4	Very well done MGM.  The signature (which visually I assumed to be a very expensive hotel much like THE HOTEL or THE WYNN) was surprisingly affordable.  My timing may have assisted this abit as my last trip to Vegas was pre recession, and this year (nov 09) the cost to stay in Vegas is dramatically less.  Having said that, there weren't many options for alot less along the strip (ESP. With monorail access), maybe 15-20 bucks less a night but to me that's well worth it.The rooms as they are all suite based were fantastic, the tv on espn in the massive bathroom was helpful when getting ready for meetings or going out, the main flatscreen in the room greets you personally at the top of the menu, and the addition of a 3/4 kitchen was the best.  I didn't think I'd enjoy it so much, but it allowed me to stock up on a few breakfast items and not only avoid eating out for breakfast (usually a $10-20) deal, but I was able to eat right when I wanted, no lines, no ordering which is nice in sin city after lighting the strip on fire.  I would put the signature in the top 3 of Vegas hotels I've been to, right up there with the hotel.  The only reason it didn't get a 5th star, was due to lack of in hotel restaurants (as MGM is a short walk down a corridor) and not having a good club inside like the wynn, mirage, and ceasars do.
4	Very nice place.  I booked with a package deal, so it was a good deal.Room is very nice.  flat screen tv, refrigerator, electric two stove top, microwave, cookware, dishes, cups, silverware too.  The bathroom is spacious with a large shower and jacuzzi tub and a double sink.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.They charge a $20 resort fee for the fitness center and wi-fi, so use it if you can.The stay there is in a gated community with valet service and the walk to MGM is a short distance through their walkway.  The Signature is also about a 15min walk to the Bellagio to give you an idea of distance with Planet Hollywood and it's Miracle Mile shops just across the street.Fantastic place to stay.
5	I dig the Signature at MGM alot. I went here for a little weekend getaway and stayed at the Signature because the cost was in line with what I wanted to spend and I am always up to staying new places. When I saw this was also a non smoking facility I was extremely pleased....So I fly into vegas...and what do you know the Signature has a check in desk at the airport, so while waiting for the other peeps in my party I checked in. The staff at the airport was amazing they have lots of rooms so it was no problem getting me a high floor facing the strip(hotel is off strip but you can still a little bit of stuff going on).So we are checked in room keys in hand and we are driving up to the hotel...I was like HEEEEY makes you feel like you are somewhere exclusive with its guarded gate and such...parked the car.,..went up to the room and wow...the rooms are awesome. Nice bed ..amazing bathroom and a balcony-one thing alot of the hotels in vegas lack but the one thing I la la love. We were in the second tower. The lobby was gorgeous the staff would stop and say hello as you passed. the pool was surprisingly crackin we didnt have to go one of the crazy pools where there is only standing room  we just chilled there and had a blast. It is also connected to the MGM so no outside walking to get to the casino and connected to a tram station in case you wanna go further down the strip but dont wanna walk. So thats enough about the Signature...It is a first class hotel with prices that wont kill the pocket you are close to everything and it is non smoking if you decide to bring the kiddies...I hate smoke for the most part and will only be staying at the SIgnature when I make it to Vegas from now on.
4	I would of given it 5 stars, but the 20 dollars a day resort fee was made me minus 1 star.  This place is beyond amazing. I loved everything about our suite. Its beautiful, clean, and really stylish. The walk to the MGM Grand is a wee bit tooo far, but I didnt mind it too much.  My boyfriend and I definitely utilized the fully stocked kitchen to reheat our left overs from dinner the previous night. When youre in Vegas, there isnt a point to take home left overs, but with this amazing in suite kitchen, we were allowed too. We didnt have to buy lunch the next day! Staff is extreamly friendly and helpful. Nothing bag to say about this place, other than that dumb resort fee!
4	Arrived tired, tower 2, 10th floor, checked in a breeze, went up, nice room as always with balcony, yes u can open the doors and have a decent view, went down, ate a salmon lemon pizza at Delight (watch out Wolfgang Puck), started gambling BJ (careful Blackjack), won money, went back to room, took bath - and ahhhh, TV in bathroom didnt work (-1 star), got bored, went down again, gambled, won money, etc etc - guess that sums it up. The suites at the signature beat the Wynn and Encore at any time - best bang for the buck and best bang for the BJ (oh, that sounds wrong).
5	if you are looking to relax away from smoke and casino this is the place to stay.  Its about 5 min walking distance from mgm where u can gamble all you want.  15 min room service and great beds with nice kitchenette inside the room.
5	Spent last week here with my gf while working in town. This is a beautiful place to stay, the only complaint I have is that housekeeping actually walked into our room at 11PM and came back knocking at our door at 1AM that same night! Thought I'd actually scared her off the first time she barged in at 11PM and saw the big guy but maybe not :).
4	We recently booked our room at MGM Grand and they asked us if we wanted a free upgrade to their Junior Suite at The Signature.Not one to pass up on an offer, we decided to go ahead and accept their upgrade.  Little did we know that The Signature was a good 10 minute walk from the MGM Grand.  And there's no self-parking at The Signature, just valet parking.  I don't mind valet parking if I rented a car, but I really don't trust the valets with my own personal car.  Thus, everytime we went back to the hotel room, there's that 10 minute walk to look forward to.However, the Junior Suite is pretty sweet.  It's got a nice kitchenette with sink, two stovetops, fridge, utensils, coffee maker, blender, and microwave.  Good way to cook or warm up your food when you'd rather stay in than eat out.There are separate bath tub and shower enclosure in the clean bathroom.  I like how the toilet is separate from the bathroom.  This way, you can poop while your SO is taking a shower or brushing their teeth.Like others mentioned, there is no casino at the Signature.  It is basically a upscale hotel under the MGM umbrella.  However, unlike other reviewers, they didn't charge us a $20 resort fee.   I think that since we got a free upgrade, they waived the resort fee too.Overall, a nice and clean place to stay.  I would only stay here again if I rented a car so that I can valet park there.  The entrance to the valet is very nice and is behind a huge gate with 24 hour security that checks your visitor parking pass before letting your car through.  Without valeting, it really is a hassle to walk so long just to get to your hotel room.
4	I stayed at the Signature on my first trip to Vegas, and I don't think I'll ever stay anywhere else.  Granted, I was there on the University of Miami's dime, so I don't have the whole value thing to consider.  However, I've done a lot of traveling in my day and this hotel was fantastic!  It's definitely a 10 minute walk from the MGM, but I didn't mind the walk for everything I got and I liked being away from the madness. The room had a balcony and an extensive cable package, which most hotels on the Strip don't have (usually get a whole bunch of Japanese channels), so you definitely get the vibe that they may actually WANT you to stay in your room.  And the bed was AMAZING! The hotel was beautiful, modern and the concierge was so accomodating. All in all, I'd say it's a great spot if you want to stay in Vegas, but not feel like you're in the center of the circus
3	I just got back from Vegas for a bachelorette party and we stayed at the MGM Signature.  "Movie theatre feeling" applies here....you know where after all the previews, you forgot what movie you came to watch.  Yea, that's the feeling....driving through a quiet street into this long driveway with a security gate, walking into the hotel to find the check in counter 5 steps away, I forgot I was in Vegas!!  I go to Vegas for the ching ching ching of slot machines, smell of cigarette in your hair and clothes, and the stench of SINNERS everywhere.  The quiet serene environment is great for a beach getaway but for VEGAS?  It's just not RIGHT!!  I will have to say a few nice things.  The room was fantastic.  Cozy bed and nice kitchenette with BIG bathroom.  Clean and new all around.  We had nice suprise delivery upon arrival of chocolate covered strawberries welcoming our stay at the Signature.  I'm not sure if this is normal protocal or if it was cause of our large group with the bachelorette party but definitely a nice touch.  One night we came back drunk and tired and the doorman gave us free bottle of water.  Didn't realize it at the moment but it was a lifesaver.  Our suite had a decent size balcony with a decent view of the strip.  Sorry but here's the negatives (well for me):  Signature is just too quiet for a Vegas weekend.  If you want a taxi...uh? they have to call for one.  They don't get enough traffic to have a taxi line like other hotels.  They don't have anything open late night so forget the 4th meal.  The walk to MGM Grand is at LEAST 1 mile.  They do however have those walking conveyor belts for us lazies but still very far from the action.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay and if I ever need to go Vegas for some peace and quiet, R&R, I'll stay here...sooooooo basically I'll never stay here again.
5	It sucksssss coming here when you're homesick & irritated. I remember coming here a couple of years ago while stopping by Vegas for a couple of nights. I really liked the great selection of food they have and their service was really really good. They weren't annoying and the waitress asked if we needed anything else and etc :) It's a bit pricey, but it's worth it if you're a hungry monster ;)
5	5 STARS!!! ....Not only because the resort is gorgeous, smoke-free and clean... but because the staff literally make you feel special, haha. I stayed here for two nights with a bunch of girlfriends so I know we were a handful but they seriously believe in service with a smile. We had to bug the sweet valet guy to get some stuff we forgot in the car three times in increments of ten minutes haha. We actually did some pre partying in our room before heading out to XS and I know we were just some loud, rambunctious bunch of girls walking through the hallways but this staff member just smiled at me like she understood me and my state of mind, lol.
4	Stayed here for Valentines Day, my first stay.Check-in was the best i've ever had from a Vegas hotel.  The people are just awesome; intelligent, responsive, happy, they do make you feel special, smiling all the time.. and the kicker... Without even asking she immediately said "let me look for the best available strip view room in all 3 towers..".  They gave me the choice of several different rooms in all 3 towers, all good.. And compared to other like-quality hotels within a few blocks, this place is like a quality bargain at the high end. The walk from tower 3 is hideous; I round-tripped it from the Spa just inside the main casino entrance to my room a 26-809 in tower 3.  With nearly perfect elevator service, it was a 22 minute round trip with SOLID walking and taking the walkie-transporter-belt things, too.It is a little quiet; i never heard another room dweller even once in 3 days, but I didn't hesitate to crank up the iPod clock radio (works with iPhones dispite the sticker; just put it in Airplane mode to eliminate the  alien noises) or TV with music videos.Room service was among the best- Venetian, Bellagio quality.  Pricey but they delivered on the price.  But a $5 convenience fee for just taking the phone order??  Come on guys that's just rape when you're a good 12- 15 minute walk from any other food outside of the deli which isn't open outside normal hours (minus 1 star for that, but they do have 24x7 room service now).
5	This is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We had a Jr. Suite in Tower 3, which is their smaller room, and it was really lavish, with a hot tub inside, and everything you could ask for and more, more, more. The service is superb. Never seen such a good service before. This hotel does not have a casino, so it provides luxury rest after all of the walking around the casinos and general hustle and bustle of Las Vegas scene. There are a few minuses, but they are not big.One minus is that this hotel is not on the strip. It is off of the strip, and it takes a good 10-15 minutes to get where you want to, which is sometimes inconvenient, but provides some excersise after a meal.. hehe...The other is, somehow the housekeeping misplaced my wife's perfume. The associate at the front desk (without questions) offered to reimburse $60 for it, as we were checking out, which was a great gesture. This hotel deserves 4.5 stars (if I could give that), so we would definately stay here again if ever in Vegas.
5	We planned a bachelor/bachelorette party here and this was THE BEST.  We got a two-bedroom suite and it was totally luxurious.  There was some mix-up with rooms, but it all worked out in our favor (a couple canceled on us, so we didn't need the additional room we had booked...they wouldn't refund the money for it initially but later they realized they had double-booked the room, so they ended up giving us our money for the deposit back).  Anyhow, the accommodations were really wonderful and CHEAP! Yes, it's far from the strip - but we kind of liked that (except that it was kind of tricky to try to get in here from the side entrance late at night).  Really great, beautiful hotel with not too many crazies running around!
4	Stayed here for 4 nights this past weekend and had a good stay. We stayed in Tower 1 and so it was a little closer to MGM.  The walk really only took around 5min, i guess 10min if you choose to just stand on the moving conveyers. The room was nice and we had a partial view of the strip.  The bathroom was pretty big and we were happy with the large tub. The complaints we had were that our tv was not working properly for the first two days and it was hard to get a hold of someone at the front desk at night. We tried calling maybe after 10pm but no one ever answered our call (so much for the $20/day resort fee). We finally realized that there's no one in the hotel lobby at night in Tower 1 but you would think they could at least transfer us to another tower where there are people working.  At least it was a non-smoking facility because my nose gets really irritated fom all the second hand smoke everywhere else in Vegas.
5	This past weekend was our anniversary, so we decided to celebrate with a Vegas getaway.  I spent a couple of nights debating on where we would stay, and finally decided on The Signature.  I have to say, it was a fantastic decision!Once you pull up to the security tower, you'll feel like you're at an uber-exclusive compound.  The guard asks for your name, finds you on the list, and lets you through so you feel like you're really supposed to be there.  Then when you pull up to check-in at tower 1, the valet opens the door for you and asks you if you need bell service for your luggage.  Initially, I was hesitant about staying in a place that had valet-only parking, but I got used to it - it even started to feel swanky.  Just make sure you always have small bills (or big bills if that's how you roll) to tip when they take your car and when they bring it back (if you have to stagger tip, pay more when they take your car, just in case that influences the care they give your car; also, don't leave anything valuable behind so you don't tempt anyone - a general rule).  Check-in was a breeze.  Ask for a map of the strip if you need one.  Random note: their elevators are quick!  Probably not a big selling point, but it's pleasantly noticeable.We stayed in a junior suite in Tower 1.  It's studio style and has a cute kitchenette, which not many hotels have - so if you're interested in saving a little money and cooking in your room, this is the place for you.  If you choose to eat out, you can actually bring back leftovers, keep them in the fridge, and heat them up whenever you're ready to eat again because there's both an electric stove and a microwave.The bed is super comfortable!  I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud and I woke up happy. =)  The room also has a living area, desk, flat screen, and balcony.  The side we were on had a great view of Planet Hollywood and a couple of other hotels, which really lit up at night.  The bathroom is really nice - there's a mini flat screen next to one of the sinks so you can watch tv while you're lounging in the hot tub.  My only criticism would be that their shower floor is tiled (you can imagine what happens to grout after time) and the drain wasn't fast enough for my liking. It's true that The Signature is not directly on the strip, but it's very close.  You can take the (Signature exclusive - need a room key to come back) walkway to the MGM, which is just a hop, skip, and a jump away.  I think I counted 3 sets of conveyor belts - it's not far at all and you never even have to step outside.  You can even take advantage of all the amenities that the MGM has, including the casino.To sum it up, The Signature is a fantastic value!  It's clean, non-smoking, close to the strip, and offers all the comforts of home.  It's gorgeous, cost effective (compared to the other high class hotels in Vegas) and I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  FIVE STARS from me!
4	We stayed here for a bachelors party and the 1500 sq ft 2 bed 3 bath suite was decent.  JK, it place was awesome!  Really no hassle checking in or out, friendly staff and service.  Large bathrooms and balcony.  Only gripe I had was that when we ordered towels a few times, average wait time to get them was like 45 min to an hour.  That's pretty ridiculous considering I paid over $1200 for 2 nights.
4	I love staying here mainly because it has a great feel with a kitchen and balcony.  Only downfall is that the MGM casino is quite a bit of a walk in order to go eat or gamble.  If you don't mind the walk, you can access all the pool area and clubs at MGM without the wait.All and all, I've stayed in hotels like Palazzo, Bellagio,  Wynn and other nice hotels but Signature is comparable.  I stayed here numerous times and I have never been disappointed.
5	second time staying at the signature and must say it is one of the best values in vegas.got a 2 bedroom suite, which ended up being a junior suite and a one-bedroom put together.  HUGE!  about 1500 sq ft of space, 3 full bathrooms, one fully stocked kitchen and a kitchenette, 5 flat screens total, def a place to go to escape from reality for a weekend.  the hotel itself is oddly located from the strip.  Even though you can exit through the front and walk up harmon to the strip in about 5-10min we always walked through the hallways to the mgm then out to vegas boulevard for.  that long ass walk takes about 20min which is far more tolerable schwasted than sober.  its vegas though, get used to walking a lot.  the management at the hotel definitely paid attention to detail.  Reminded me of the service you get in hong kong, not the US.  from the way they handle the check in process, hand your card back to you, having the valet remember my name when i brought the car back, etc it's all very detailed and makes you question if you read the nightly rate correct.  the negatives?  other than the valet bringing 3 cars out ahead of mine one hungover morning I can't really think of anything majorly wrong with the signature.  if you want to actually get sleep but have the strip and mgm facilities all wrapped up into a non-smoking hotel stay here.  and stay here with friends, makes it even better!
5	I decided to stay at The Signature hotel for my anniversary with my GF and it was as good as it gets for me.  I don't really expect much from a hotel except a nice comfy bed to sleep in, so I was really amazed with all the extra stuff this hotel has to offer.The things I like about this place--Wireless internet is included for the duration of the stay.  This is awesome considering that other hotels charge to use the wireless internet.- The location is great.  Even though its located behind the strip, it is perfect for me.  I love the quietness environment due to the location of the building.  Plus there is no casino area.  No casino = money stay in my pockets longer.- Service is amazing.  There is also gym access if for the gym rats.-  You have access to the Signature pool plus the MGM pool.  One of the better pools in Vegas.- The rooms are a good size for 2 people.  I stayed in a Jr. Suite and it had a kitchen area.  The kitchen was fully supplied with kitchenware.  Had real plates, silverware, pots, pans.  You can really do your own Iron Chef competition in the room if you wanted to.  It was the first time i could take back left overs from a restaurant and eat it the next day. - The rooms are located within a short distance from the elevator.  I have been in those hotels where you exit the elevator and you still have to hike another mile before you reach your room.- Most importantly, it is a NO smoking hotel.  So you know the air that is being circulated into your room is smoke free and clean. There are no bad things I can say about this place.  It is a bit more expensive to stay here than the average hotel, but it is well worth the extra cost.  It was the first time I felt fully comfortable in a hotel.  Felt like a home away from home.  I will definitely be returning back to The Signature for my future Vegas trips.I really recommend this place for people who want to stay in quiet, comfortable, clean, luxury hotel.
5	I stayed here with my husband on our honeymoon and it was fabulous. No smoking in the building, which was such a nice change of pace! There's no casino in the hotel, so it's all very peaceful and relaxing. The staff were all very responsive and answered all our questions. Room service was friendly. The pool and hot tubs are great, as is the view you get from your balcony. My husband also really liked the two plasmas in the room. At the time, unknown to us, I had a broken neck so all my wedding stuff (dress, veils, even the wedding day jewelry) was left out in the open, and the dress (which was gigantic) hadn't even been touched. This hotel is a great place to relax after all the stimulation and neon lights of Vegas.
3	The Signature at MGM Grand is a condo/hotel located behind the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in the space formerly occupied by the now defunct MGM Grand theme park. Because the hotel is a condo, every room has a fully stocked kitchen (utensils, plates, pots, pans, etc). We stayed in a 1 bedroom Signature Suite which had its own balcony, 1 bedroom, 1.5 bathrooms, and 3 LCD tvs. The bedroom had a king size bed, and the living room has a sofa with a pull out queen size bed. Tip: Room rates can be cheap here, but you really do get what you pay for. Be warned that a $15 resort fee will be applied per night (non negotiable). The resort fee allows you to use the fitness center, receive free daily newspapers, free bottled water, etc. Tip: The property is SUPER far from the strip. Just because its name is attached to MGM Grand, doesn't mean its on the Las Vegas Strip. To get to the strip, you have to walk through an airport style (with moving escalators) walkway, followed by traversing restaurant row at the far back of the MGM Grand hotel, and then walk through the entire MGM casino from the KA Theatre just to get to the strip. If you want to avoid half the casino, cut through the West Wing rooms adjacent to the Mansion entrance. Tip: Taxi's do not usually cue up at the Signature so be aware of this when you are in a rush to get somewhere and need to catch a cab. Call down ahead of time so that they will call the cab to come for you.Tip: Dont stay here if you want to gamble.
5	Love this place!  Our room was beautiful.  So nice to vallet our car and check in was right there - no hike through a casio and the elevator to our room was right there too.  We ate at amazing resteraunts a short walk down the hall at the MGM - Emrils and Nob Hill and hung out at the very fun MGM pool with a lazy river.
4	Heading to Vegas with more than four people for MORE than one night? Get a suite. You don't think it's worth it? You're wrong. But you never stay in the room? You'll want a place to congregate with a big group for pre-partying and assuaging your hangover. It's Vegas, get a suite, get a cabana, get a table at the club and be true to Sin City by sticking to the seven deadlies. Well, maybe you should avoid wrath and suicide, those ones aren't much fun.So glad I convinced you. You're getting a suite, sweet! The Signature is a pretty great choice for this for a few reasons:You'll take Pride in having the best of both worlds. The non-smoking hotel is quieter, more upscale and newer (read cleaner) than the MGM Grand, but you still get to enjoy the staples of Vegas at the MGM by visiting it (casino, Studio 54, restaurants) from time to time through the series of moving sidewalks connecting the two hotels. Same goes for the pool. You have your own pool areas at the Sig, but you can also slum it with the commoners at the MGM Pool (like we did, both are really great experiences).The suites are fantastic. The Trump beats them by a small margin overall, I mean there's a TV in the mirror for Vanity's sake. At The Signature, balconies (you thought there weren't any) can be found in the two bedroom suite option. The views are fabulous, and the rooms spacious, with seating areas and small but full kitchens, perfect for prepping road-sodas for a trip to the casino or club or eating that room service that is perfect for late night Gluttony. Bathrooms are also large and inviting. My only gripe here is that the two bedroom suite isn't truly connected. You enter into your foyer, and then you can enter into the regular room, or the king suite. If you are there with friends (and we had like ten people in these rooms), the doors are constantly slamming.It's on-strip and off-strip at the same time because of it's connectivity to the MGM. Perfect for clubbing at The Hard Rock one night and XS the next, though I don't recommend you walk that far in heels - take a cab! You don't want to look like the rest of those plebes walking around outside of XS, stilettos in hand, feet on the grimy floor, because you walked too far.We spent a completely debaucherous, extravagant, VIP weekend here - and we still remember it as one of the best Vegas trips, ever.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. It is a no gambling hotel so the noise, smoke, and crowds of the casinos are held at bay. The staff are always friendly and willing to help in any way they can to make your stay a good one.
4	Finally getting around to writing this review almost a full month after we stayed here for spring break. And let me caveat my review with this: if you're looking for the typical smokey and slot machine filled hotel, this isn't the place for you. Keep looking. To those who've complained about distance from the strip, lack of restaurants, etc, I am a bit confused. The very fact that you're on Yelp means you're aware of this wonderful thing known as the interwebs. Really some great stuff out there. Next time take a look, get informed, and you won't embarrass yourself later.I digress. We picked this place largely because of what some other yelpers here have complained about-- off the strip, non-smoking, non-gaming, and a sanctuary at the end of a full day in Vegas. We stayed at The Signature for a full week, and for anyone looking for a restful hotel with a massive suite + balcony and chock full of amenities, I highly recommend this place. It is a mere 5-7 min walk to the MGM Grand at most, and you barely notice it. The rooms are fantastic and well appointed. And perhaps they listened to some of the earlier yelpers complaints about restaurants, because they have since added late night room service, complete with most of the foods I crave late night (flatbread pizzas, burgers, etc). One star taken away because of one bad customer service experience (to their credit, overall, the service was fantastic). We were running late the morning we had to check out, and needed to print off boarding passes. The gf went down to the front desk in our tower (there are 3 separate towers) and asked them if they could print it. They couldn't print it there, and rather than offer to go find out where they could, they asked her to go hunt around at the other towers and see. Sorry, but that's not what I expect after paying good money to stay here. We had a problem, you fix it. That simple. Anyway, one complaint aside, everything else was fantastic (maybe we just caught them on a bad morning-- I'm willing to forgive). We really enjoyed our stay here, and if you're looking for something off the strip, you can't really find a better place.
5	I've lived in a few suites in Vegas before, but this one TOPS them all. Nothing can beat having a kitchen in the room, a jacuzzi in the bathroom along with a TV, and a phone next to the toilet right?!?! The rooms are made to be just like a regular studio apartment. Everything is clean and the service was fast. This is a very good place to stay if you don't like the traffic on the strip. It is relatively hidden behind. Come here if you want to live and feel like a million bucks!
5	I've been coming to Vegas for years for boxing. Stayed at a lot of hotel/casinos on the strip. The Signature is on top of the list. Beautifully designed rooms with a kitchen area, hot tub, duel sinks, TVs in the bathroom and bedroom.  Close to the Grand Garden Arena and all the fine dining MGM has to offer. Away from the crowds when you need a little quiet. Best room service food you can find. TRY the buffalo wings, excellent wings...
4	My brother and his GF were in town and we usually stay with them so to not have to drive back and forth and this time they stayed at the Signature.The rooms are like suites/ condos, 1 bedroom, 2 bath, living room with pull-out and balcony. Kitchenette equipped with fridge, sink,  oven, stove, microwave, silverware, plates, utensils... The only thing that they were missing was a wine opener, give you one guess as to how we found that out???Only things that I found to be a negative was the location of the place and the fact that it's a Valet only hotel. You do a lot of walking, I don't mind but if you're on time restraints, then it may not be a good thing. It is on the strip but if you want to go to MGM, it's a long walk to the Casino. You can go through Harmon if you want to head straight over to the strip. Valet only places bother me because I prefer parking my own car. But it's a great place if any of that doesn't matter to you.
4	Our junior suite was beautiful.  We were on the 31st floor and had a large balcony overlooking a great view of Harmon, Planet Hollywood, and the north part of the strip.  We had a king bed and a sofa bed.  Since it could fit 4, it really needs more closet or drawer space.  There is a large jet tub, shower, double sinks, and separate toilet in the bathroom.  The main room had a wet bar area, mini fridge, stove, microwave, coffee maker and sink.We stayed in tower one.  The convenient store, restaurant, and Starbucks was in tower three, a short walk away.  They do have 24 hour room service, however.  Our tower did have it's own pool area and the MGM Grand's Wet Republic was a short walk away.  There is no casino and it's a long wait for a taxi.  In fact, they have no taxi line, so it was a little disorganized on Saturday night with the guests waiting for a cab all over the front area.It was a very nice hotel for the price.  I doubt that I would stay here again.  I think I prefer to be more on the strip in the middle of the action or in a hotel with a casino while I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I think I just found our lodging for whenever we go to Vegas.  We had a junior suite with king bed booked for 3 nights.  Much to our surprise we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite.  It had a kitchenette with oven, microwave, stove, sink, and fridge.  Two full baths.  The master bath had a jacuzzi tub, 38" shower, separate toilet, two sinks, etc.  It was wonderful, and cozy.  There are 3 towers, but each is connected with a pathway that also leads to the casino.
4	First the good news! 5 Stars for the Concierge, I believe her name was Mary Ellen (super polite and helpful) She offered great suggestions for us re: transportation, complete with pros and cons for each mode of transportation. 5 Stars for the Bell Captain (I'll share more info about him later), Valet Service (calling for cabs) and the housekeeping staff. Our room was immaculate every day with nice extra touches. My flat iron cord was rolled neatly when we came back to our room. Small touch, but these are the things that differentiate between excellent service and going above and beyond. Our one bedroom suite was luxurious and beyond our expectations. We will definitely be back because of the accommodations.... Now the bad news.. The only thing that is keeping this from being a five star rating was the front desk. When we first went through the gates we were told we were in tower one. We went to check in and were told that we were pre-booked for tower one, unfortunately all the one bedroom suites were booked and we would need to go to tower 3. This was at 4:00 (check-in time) on Saturday, not 1:00 am. It would have been nice to know at the gate so our taxi driver could have dropped us off at tower 3 where we ended up. The front desk person also told us what the resort fee was (20.00 a day) however she cheerfully told us that we didn't have to worry about the fee because it was included with package we purchased. We were sent on our way and made our way to tower three.Everything was perfect due to the aforementioned 5 star service we received from the other staff. Cut to the last evening of our four day visit. Walked up to tower two's front desk, late at night tower three's front desk is closed. Stood there while both front desk clerks were on the phone. Several minutes later the female clerk finished her call and kept typing on the computer and told us that it would be just a minute. The male clerk got off the phone and stared at us and didn't ask if we had a question or needed help. The female clerk kept telling us it would be just a minute and she kept typing. Not sure if her screen would blow up if she stopped typing, it certainly felt that way. She kept typing for a couple of minutes so I finally asked her if she could answer a question. She sighed and looked up and said "oh you have a question?" No, I have an answer that's why I've been standing there so long... I asked her a question about shuttle service to the airport and after standing there for so long... you got it, she didn't have the answer.. big surprise!! Ran into the bell captain and he didn't know the answer for sure, but offered his best guess and was very helpful.. I guess he was used to people asking him questions vs. the front desk clerk who is surprised when guests ask questions. When I reviewed our bill on the cool TV that comes up from the desk. I noticed that we were charged the dreaded resort fee. I called the front desk to ask about it and a male front desk clerk answered. Better luck I thought... Maybe he was used to people asking questions... He said the front desk clerk was wrong and I said it might be a great opportunity to educate her, because she told me this information unprompted. I would have accepted the resort fee a lot easier if she hadn't told me it was included in the first place. She was the same one that told us that we would get to trek to tower three. It would have also been a nice touch if she offered to have someone bring our bags for us. I asked the male clerk to double check if the resort fee could have possibly included in our package and he said " No way, I would bet my job on it" I wasn't asking him to bet his job, I was just asking him to check. He seemed really irritated with me and believe me, I wasn't being half as irritating as I could have been. He said that he would adjust some of the resort fee, I said thank you and he hung up the phone. There was no I'm sorry for the misunderstanding etc... just a bad attitude. I made my husband call to request the wake-up call because I was afraid the front desk would send death wave signals through the phone if I called. Hubby requested the wake-up call and guess what? No call... I decided to set up the alarm as back-up just in case.. Really disappointed in 50% of the front desk interaction, the other clerks were fantastic! Maybe the night shift is just bitter. Definitely will be back but we will confine all of questions to the day crew!!
4	Overall the hotel was really nice, we were able to get the jr. suite with a balcony. The view we were given wasn't the greatest but I guess someone has to stay on each floor. The hotel itself was pretty quiet, only other people from time to time. Easy walk from tower to tower to tower to MGM Grand. If you like the quiet non-smoking, non-gaming scene, this is a great place to stay. Bathroom was large with jet tub and shower, separate area for the throne.4 stars because I felt a little bit age discriminated. They also treated me as if I 'should know' and it was my first time there I had no idea where to go or what to do. I would have to say I felt like some of the workers there were snotty. The bellhop and check-out desk were nice though. Valet, check-in, entrance... Not so friendly. This isn't something I'd get at a real 5 star hotel so I was definitely disappointed and turned a two night stay into only one night.
5	A perfect hotel, a great location, great staff.  Only downside is mandatory valet and resort fees (all the casinos have jumped on this bandwagon).  Even with that said, my boyfriend and I have stayed at EVERY four and five star hotel in Las Vegas (no joke), and this one is tied for first place.  We haven't been there during pool season yet so cannot comment on that aspect.
5	This place was amazing! There were 10 of us..all girls.  We had a 1 bedroom suite memorial day weekend.  Our room had an amazing view of the strip and a balcony!! I was under the impression that vegas hotels couldn't have balconies..but this one did!  There are 3 towers, each with their own pool. Some of the girls rented a bed by the pool for the entire day for only $50! We hit up the lounge in the hotel when we first got there for some reasonably priced amazing drinks! The moving walkways make it easy to get to the MGM anytime.  The only downfall of this hotel is it is nearly impossible to get a cab to get to the strip (it's a little bit of a walk, especially in heels).  We waited for a good 30 minutes for a cab before heading over to MGM to have to get a limo because the cab line was ridiculous. The staff is great and we all felt like we were treated really well.  It's a non-smoking hotel, which we were all fans of!  It's a bummer there's no slot machines, but we just cruised over to the MGM for some 4am gambling. I highly recommend this hotel, and have stayed at a few others, but will always stay here from now on.  With 10 girls, the 1 bedroom suite was HUGE, and there was a TON of room. Next time we will probably just get the Junior Suite.  The kitchen was clutch for our late night quesadillas, and the bathroom was amazing! It is so big, and we could all get ready to go out at the same time, or take 3 person baths! I loved this place and will never stay anywhere else!
5	We stayed in a one bedroom suite for three days.  I loved this hotel.  I kept some healthy snacks in the fridge for breakfast and we ate out for lunch and dinner.  The suite was spacious and well decorated.  Bathroom was huge and I loved the tub.  A quick walk to the casinos, etc.  I loved having a quiet and non-smoke smell hotel to come back to after being out and about.  Pool was relaxing and not overly crowded.  I have stayed at all of the better hotels in Vegas and this one is my favorite.
3	I'm writing this review whilst I sit at the desk of our junior suite on the 30th floor. It's coming up on midnight, and me and the gf just got out of the jetted tub where we'd been soaking in a hot bubble bath for almost two hours. Late-night munchies have hit us so we're thinking about ordering some room service. I see Southern fried-chicken and mash potatoes w/ gravy is available all night, yum. It's our last night here, so we're kinda desperate to make the most of what's left of our 4 night stay. President Obama is due to arrive in town around the time we'll be heading to the airport, so I asked the concierge to send our complimentary limo (a perk if you take advantage of the Prima Privilege Program) an hour earlier than originally planned. Would be nice to hang around to maybe catch a glimpse of the POTUS, but oh well. It was a nice little vacation here at the Signature, although not a flawless experience. Our room greeted us with a slightly unpleasant odor (like someone got sick in the room some time ago) that was annoying enough for me to call housekeeping to bring a can of deodorizing spray. Help didn't come until after a third call to the front desk to explain the situation. Maybe because it was the 4th of July that they were slow to respond, but this kind of delay at such a highly-rated hotel makes for a somewhat disappointing experience. It must be noted that some minor trash was found under our bed, as well as a moist spot on the rug. Disconcerting stuff to say the least.Well, after the initial bad feelings, I have to say that the staff at the Signature made the rest of our stay pleasant and comfortable. For example, we slept in on a couple days, preventing housekeeping from making their rounds. But a call to the concierge is all it took to get our room fully serviced while we were away at night. And the housekeeping staff is very transparent here, no apparent noise in the hallways early in the morning or even a sighting of a maid or cleaning cart. I don't know how they did it, but I am impressed. The amount of walking required when staying at the Signature is considerable if you don't like to walk or are unable to be very mobile on foot. One good thing about staying at the Signature is that you're relatively close to the monorail that runs the length of the Strip - very convenient. If you're considering trying the Prima Card, make sure to ask the concierge to explain the program benefits in detail. We got the impression that some of the vendors associated with the program were not at all familiar with how it operates, and found ourselves having to explain the program more than a couple of times. Depending on how important the benefits and perks are to you, you may or may not be willing to front the $500 that the Prima Program requires.I'm giving the Signature 3 stars, but it's really more like 3 and a half. Can't go as far as giving it a 4 because of the initial room issues and because the hotel is located just far enough away from the Strip to keep it from being ideally situated. Also, the pool was too crowded to go swimming in comfortably, while an adjacent pool intended for weekend use only remained vacant. But go ahead and give Signature a try - you might have better luck and have a 4 or 5 star experience. And if you find a good price online, it should definitely be one of the better deals in town.
5	The good: Drinks were 12 bucks vs 17 bucks at the mgm, cabana rental was 150.00 for the entire day VS 300 for the day at mgm. Room rate was 120 a night vs 105 a night at mgm (those days I was there) The pool had maybe 20 people tops, plenty of shade, free water in the room, robes, balcony, great pool service.she actually remembered our names day two and like a restaurant, all I had to do was look at her and she came to take another drink order.People cry about the 20 dollar resort fee but they forget it includes the robes, the balcony, the free wireless internet which alone is about 18 bucks a day at mgm, great service and a much nicer room..STOP CRYING ABOUT 20.00 a day for all those things that so make it worth it!
5	I got a one-bedroom suite here.  With the exception of the walk to MGM (which actually wasn't all that bad, good to have some exercise), this hotel is simply magnificent.  I loved making use of the full kitchen as well as the full master bathroom and everything else.  The prices aren't all that bad considering the amazing use of amenities here.  I'm going to make every effort to come back to this hotel when I make my reservations to Vegas.  It is pretty damn good.
5	We booked ahead and got a great weekend deal for a magnificent 2 bed/ 3 bath suite with a great view. Our stay was incredible and the hotel is conveniently located on the strip. There is a Starbucks at the bottom of the elevator and you get access both the the private pool as well as the MGM Hotel's massive pool facilities. Room service food was yummy with good selection and promptly delivered, even at 3 a.m.Our group stayed at the Signature for a Bachelorette Weekend and I didn't hear a single complaint about the room. The concierge even got us on guest lists for nightclubs made our dinner reservations. and The only complaint I have is that they did not offer us late checkout because someone  booked the room the day of checkout. So we had to leave by 11 a.m. which in Vegas is pretty early. All and all it was a wonderful stay.
5	Have stayed at the MGM many times but just came back from 3 nights at The Signature.  LOVED it.......beds/pillows are the most comfy & we have stayed all over Vegas.  Having a kitchen made it easy on our wallets.....breakfast in the suite before heading out & homemade sandwiches for our day at the pool was convenient. Their concierge & whole staff are extremely helpful.  Gym is very complete, they offer complimentary water.  Having Starbucks downstairs was great!  We stayed in Tower 1 & it was a 4-5 min walk to MGM pool.  Jetted tub (for 2) was so nice to soak in after walking so much.
4	I'm always satisfied with the accommodations here.  The rooms are spacious -- 1 huge bedroom with a comfortable king bed, 2 baths (master has a tub and shower), living room with a pull-out bed, a kitchenette and a large balcony.  The kitchenette is equipped with a fridge, sink, oven, stove, microwave, silverware, plates, utensils, etc.  There are several closets and a dining table that seats four.  The bedroom has a desk that conceals a small, retractable flat screen TV. Some negatives:  there isn't a casino on premises, it's hard to catch a cab since the hotel is gated, and it's a far walk to MGM and surrounding casinos.
5	Really impressive bang for your buck...Sometimes staying in a hotel without a damn stinky ass casino downstairs is dope.  Especially when it's this one.  But if you miss the slots and craps tables and all that jazz, it's only a hop skip and a jump away.Some perks to wow your company in a 1 bedroom suite on the 27th floor, TV in the bedroom comes up from the desk.  There are enough closets to house your things, your girlfriend's things, and possibly your girlfriend's friends things.There's a wide terrace that's ready for you to party...day, or night ;-)2 decked out bathrooms, and the master has a HUGE tub.  Big enough for your 6' something guests to lie comfortably...The kitchen (yeah, that's right, kitchen) is fully supplied with everything you need.  I didn't come to Vegas to cook a pot roast or bake cookies, but if I wanted to I could have...Would be ideal for someone who is staying in Vegas longer than a weekend.  It's swanky and we love it!
5	So happy with our hotel stay here!We got a suite on a penthouse level, and it was comfortable, roomy, and clean.  The bathroom had a tub and giant shower, and oodles of toiletries.  All of our bases were covered with a mini fridge, stove top, microwave, and coffee maker in the kitchenette area. Staff was friendly all around.  When we put in a work order to get the mini tv in the bathroom fixed, an engineer came up within 5 minutes.  We also had a great view from the balcony, looking over Vegas' night lights.  A perk you can't miss is easy access to the MGM Grand's awesome pool that winds around the property like a river.  $500 for 3 nights' stay - totally worth it!
4	The rooms are just lovely.  Very beautiful furnishings and an awesome jetted tub.  The whole point of Vegas is to go out to eat, so the kitchenette wasn't really used, but it's a nice option to keep your liquor and champagne cold for when you want it.  Only other observation is, damn, what a hike to get to the lobby, thank god they have the moving walkways!  But it's not that bad.  I would definitely stay here again...after I'd tried out some more resorts.
5	The rooms are really nice for what we paid. Connected to the MGM so you don't have to go far to gamble. I really liked the privacy and security at this hotel. Could go out and have fun knowing I could relax and a nice and quiet room. Service was really good.
5	From the time you walk into the elegant, minimally decorated lobby, to the moment you enter your suite, the life at MGM Signatures is a sophisticated artful experience.  Inhale, and your senses are filled with clean, crisp notes of scent.   Look around, and your eyes land on strong subtle pieces of art evocative of nature.  Meditate on the check-in counter and you spot what looks like the wings of tropical butterflies caught in the spinach green marble.  The efficient friendly staff greets you, and welcomes you to their enclave.  No smoke, no noise, no slots, and the Penthouse floor suites have a view of the new city center and the clear blue skies above Las Vegas.  You can walk out on the balcony and inhale.Signatures' suites feature a kitchen or kitchenette in each room, and the recent promotions and packages with shows and drink credits are a high end bargain.  The pool opens at 10am and the hot tub and service are sybaritic.  Last time I was there, it was 110 degrees in town, so the pool was packed with an international crowd, but usually it is an oasis.  The fitness room is large, airy with high ceilings, and with multiple machines, the perfect place to work off the night before.Signatures is like a spa away from home when you work and play in Las Vegas.
4	Stayed here for the second time a couple weeks ago and was very happy....well, with a few exceptions.  We got there very early and would've had to wait for our room to be ready (we were scheduled for tower 1) we opted for getting a room right then and there - at 10:30 in the morn - in tower 3.  Yeah, longer walk but immediate room.  Glad we got #3 because that weekend was insane with 20somethings there to party.  The room was great, no noise issues and we clocked it at 20 mins. to go from tower 3 through MGM and onto the strip...but that includes having to dodge slow people and those just standing around gaping.We discovered if you walk out of #3 past the guard gate and onto Harmon you can walk a couple blocks and right into the Miracle Mile shops.  The tub in the suite was great after a long day walking around.  Pool #1 opens around 9 with the other two at 10. Pool #2 was the biggest and had a life guard on duty. It was also more of a family pool, but still nice.  On weekends they have a pool party at pool 1 which we went to and were not impressed.  Music, drinks, and people just laying about. We knew about the resort fee but what a rip-off.  Ok so you get the coffee and tea in the suite (whoop de doo) and you get two pissant sized bottles of water a day (you get a bigger one for a buck from the street vendors) and you get use of the gym (ok if you are that sort, I figure hoofing it up and down the strip is exercise enough) and you get free wi-fi BUT only if you bring your own.  If you forget to bring yours like I did - then you have to pay for the internet in your room or in the business center OR you can rent a laptop for $20!  Gimme a damn break! You got my 20$ a day resort fee already - geeze!!!Our tv in the living area was out of order and we called down to have it fixed thinking it would be awhile, but they came right up!  I would still kill to have a kitchen at home like the one in the suite.  The entire place is non-smoking (hooray) but plenty of people sit outside to fire up.  The front desk people are a bit dry, but when you walk up and down the walkway staff people will smile at you and say hello - go fig!All in all...we love this place and highly recommend it.
4	I'm in between a 4 and 5, but the surly server at the pool bumped it down to a 4. He honestly took orders from 10 of the other girls in my party and then skipped me and someone else. When he came back, the other girl jokingly told him that she wondered why he skipped us and he didn't say a word. Then he did it again. Totally bizarre. Ok, onto the rooms- we stayed in a suite and jr. suite and it was perfect for our bachelorette party. IT was technically one big hotel room with 3 separate little rooms. There were plenty of mirrors to get ready in, big beds and full kitchens. Plus, we had access to the MGM Grand and their amazing pool (even though we didn't get to visit). Oh! One negative- don't pay for the cabanas- they aren't worth it.
4	We returned to Vegas with the lil guy, so we stayed at the Signature for two main reasons:  the kitchenette and the MGM pools.  We rented a 21st story strip facing studio with a balcony.  We are a fairly simple family, so the 550 sq ft studio was fine for us, especially with the use of the fridge to keep leftovers and the two plate oven to make simple meals.As so many others have stated, there is no casino or restaurant here, although you can order in room service anytime you want.  There are three separate towers, with tower 1 being the closest to the mgm but also the oldest; tower 3 is the newest but the furthest away.  It is a short walk, with escalators.  If you're in Vegas, you're going to have to walk anyways.  Each tower has its own pool, which is fine.  But, I wanted to go into the lazy river at the MGm with the lil guy.  To get to the MGM pool, you have to take the "walk" into the MGM, then turn left down a grand stairway into the pool area.  The pool area is huge and consists of five or six  pools.  The lazy pool is fine for families in the morning, but in the late afternoon, the party youngums come out and it's basically an alcohol pool.  Still, the raft is very cool and the lil guy loved it!The signature MGM is wonderful for families and romantic getaways.  It's immaculate, has many amenities, and is a refreshing retreat from the craziness of Vegas.  The only reason for the four stars is that our unit seems to have quite a bit of occupancy, as the carpet is a little soiled and has that stuffy smell that comes from being used a little too often.
4	The rooms are fabulous and the MGM grand (and the rest of the strip) are only a quick walk away.
5	beautiful hotel...   beautiful rooms!
5	very helpful staff!
4	This is a great hotel, but as far as aesthetics goes, I wasn't sold, ....HOWEVER, the service here is impeccable!!! They wait on you like you're some kind of sultan or something. They even give you free bottled water as you wait for your valet, lobby, or anywhere for that matter! OH, and it's super close to Wet Republic---a PLUS!
2	Nice rooms, but the service personnel were rude and/or incompetent. I was part of a small bachelor party staying in  a double sweet. We paid extra for a view room, however when we showed up for the 3pm check-in, they told us that our room wasn't available and wouldn't be available till around 6 or 7. They just didn't know when it was going to be ready and didn't want to say what the problem was. The concierge was really rude and acted like she just wanted us to go away. After complaining and waiting for literally an 1 1/2 hrs they offered us a room without the strip view and just told us to take it. They weren't going to discount us for the extra view money we paid and for waiting. After much more arguing they just gave us a $50 food/drink only comp. To make things worse, once we got up there, the keycards didn't even work. and that took an extra 25mins to get sorted out. We barely had any time to enjoy ourselves in the room before having to leave for dinner. Also, be aware, it's like a mile walk to the casino or to anything else. What's the point of staying so far away from anything of entertainment value? Also, tack a couple bucks on any taxi ride to and from there. I usually like staying at MGM, but I will never stay at the Signature again!
5	My review is a bit biased because my Aunt happens to own one of the one bedroom suites in tower 2 and i stay there a few times a year for free...well almost free...there is a $40 a night cleaning fee but what a bargain! Like most of the reviews have said the Signature is the best place to stay if you want to get away from the noise, smoke, etc. of casino hotel rooms. My favorite thing about staying here is by far the pool area. I could live in the lazy river year round except for the fact that the pool is closed from October through February. The walk from tower 2 to the MGM is not bad at all and is a great way to get in some exercise to work off the night before. The 2 person Jacuzzi tub in the master bath is the bomb! it is a great way to start and end the day. Room service is prompt and you can't find a better $18 cheeseburger at 3 in the morning anywhere! The condo I stay in is on the 26th floor and has a view of the pool area and the airport. I would highly recommend the MGM Signature to anyone who wants a great deal and peace and quiet.
5	This place is absolutely 5 star, hands down. I loved it. I was skeptical because it seemed like a stepsister to the MGM which has such a great reputation but the Signature definitely exceeded my expectations!We got 2 adjoining junior suites on the 21st floor of Tower 1. Everything in the room looked brand new and top notch. There were bathrobes in the closet, fully stocked mini kitchen, the bed was beyond comfortable, there's a TV in the bathroom, jacuzzi and huge shower and the view from the humongous balcony was amazing. This is probably one of the nicest places I have ever stayed in and it was SO worth the reasonable rates! Every time I called the front desk, things were taken care of quickly and in a polite and helpful manner. The staff was so nice. If I ever go back, I'd stay here in a heartbeat!
5	The Signature is truly a 5 star hotel in Las Vegas!  I went to LV a couple of weeks ago with the wife on a part business/part vacation trip.   We had a limo pick us up at McCarran to drive us to the hotel.   I was surprised to be driven up to a gated entryway to the circular driveway in one of the three towers.   From the moment we stepped in the lobby, I knew I was in for a special visit.   The front desk gal was real helpful.. her maiden name was the same as my last name and we chatted a bit about it.  Crystal was nice enough to ask me if I was afraid of heights, and I told her no but place me in a room that she would stay in if she was getting checked in.   We got a super room on the 21st floor with a view of the Las Vegas strip!  The surprise was that we could hang out on our balcony and enjoy the 109 degree heat!   Once you stay at the Signature MGM Grand you are spoiled by getting used to this type of accomodation.  I have stayed at Mandalay Bay at the Hotel and this place is a million times a better experience.   The food is exceptional.  Overall this is one of the better places to stay in Vegas
3	Booked the place for a Saturday night only - Sept 4 - on hotwire for $180 + a $20 resort fee.  I was excited to try out a new hotel, and the MGM website had a video and pictures that illustrated a very spacious suite... which was important for the 5 of us.Signature is located in a gated complex, and a security guard greets you, asking for your name to check your reservation.  There are 3 towers, and we were informed our room was in tower 2.Checking in, I found out Signature was a condo/hotel, which explains the gated setup.  They offer a junior suite, a 1-bedroom suite, and a 2-bedroom.  Only the jr suite was available this weekend, so no upgrade this time.There's no casino by the way, for those wondering.Arriving on the 15th floor, we were pleased with the large room.  There's an actual balcony you can step out into (and smoke), that ovelooked the pool... I shoulda brought my binoculars to scope the scene out before coming down to be disappointed.But the view from my room was meh.  You can't see the strip really - just views of other buildings/hotels.The bed was alright. It was comfy, but I'm partial to Aria and Vdara's sheets.  The sofa also had a pull-out bed, so that was a big plus.  There is a kitchenette, complete with some pots/pans and utensils.  But the TV was only a 36", which is comparatively small these days, esp if you're laying in bed 15 feet back.The biggest disappointment for me was the bathroom.  I love bathrooms, and I might've mentioned enjoying bubble baths whenever I'm on vacation in Vegas.  But our unit didn't have a bathtub... and the walk-in shower reminded me of a freakin hospital shower.  I don't know where previous users got a picture of an enclosed shower, but ours only had a freakin shower curtain to separate the shower.  Seriously, not even a raised surface to section off the shower.  Just a curtain.  It was so weird, and I felt like a geriatric (no disrespect to our elders..).Blah, that shower.  I'm so annoyed writing about it, I'll just stop this review.Summary: Pros: Spacious, nice lobby, friendly staff, FREE wireless for 24 hrs (and possibly more if we had stayed 2 nights?), and an actual balcony to step out in.Cons: Lame bathroom, small TV
3	I really wanted to give this place a higher ranking, for the rooms are comfortable and the hotel is simply beautiful. Yes, the seclusion from the crazy Vegas scene was a definite plus but the service was the main issue here...Do not bother asking for room service or for house cleaning because they will not show up. They will simply make you wait to the point where you just give up. I will elaborate... The iron in the room left white marks all over a pair of black slacks after using it. I called room service for a new iron and for someone to clean the pants. The request never went through. So then I went to the front desk and talked to the manager... she was apologetic and sent someone up after we waited for an hour. She even said she would have the pants cleaned for free. Then, we find out that we were charged for the cleaning, as well as for the massages that I never got. wtf. There is a serious disconnect in communication within this hotel. Other than the service, this place is excellent.
5	Stayed here over Labor Day Weekend. Had a very nice room on the 17th floor. Big Jacuzzi tub, separate shower, nice kitchen area with fridge, microwave, hotplates, limited pots, pans, etc, view over the pool to part of The Strip. Unfortunately our room did not have a balcony as many of them do. Not that I would have gone out on a balcony in a month of Sundays!I really liked the fact that there was no casino and no smoking, although I would have liked the pool area to be non smoking too. There were these amazing big beds you could rent at the pool if you didn't want to pay $200 for a cabana.I really wanted to try the lazy river at MGM, but it was ridiculously busy. It's nice that The Signature has it's own pool for each tower, and you can use all of them, but only if you are actually staying at the one of the towers, not if you are staying at the regular part of the hotel.I'd go back there any time.
5	I have stayed here 2 years ago and I love it. the view from the room balcony was to the MGM pools + Wet Republic pool. it has its own entrance, not part of the MGM Grand. staff are very nice and professional, the room was GREAT, the beds were the most comfortable thing to sleep on.I would recommend this to people who want to be on the strip but don't want to deal with the craziness of sooo many people in the lobby and all around you.*it does not have its own casino so you do need to talk a little through the hotel and to MGM side. but it is worth it. and you are as close as everyone in MGM towers to the restaurants.
4	My favorite part about this hotel is that it is smoke and casino free!!  Its so nice to leave the MGM Grand (via moving sidewalk) into a completely quiet and smoke free environment.  The property is well kept and the service is very good.  My husband and I really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay here again.
5	I very rarely give 5 stars...but here's why I did. 1. Customer service..it started when I first drove to the front gate.... 2. the concierge that went and got Starbucks for me, when I was originally joking, talk about a Sweetheart. 3. The lush bed and linens, swear I melted every time I sat/laid on that thing. 4. the almost home like bathroom (wish I had at home) jacuzzi tub and shower (only thing missing from there was the shower bench...but that's just too much like right) 5. the tv in the bathroom...yes I used it. 6. the tv that was in the desk. 7. the views 8. the balcony...Had to do some rearrangement so that I could sit out there and lounge, but that was easy.9. ipod docking stationthis hotel is 100% smoke free there is a $150 charge if they think they smelled smoke in the room.....not even on the balcony. you've been warned. when a light bulb went out engineering was there within minutes!I'd definitely stay here again.I was informed that the towers are now for sale, so if anyone is interested they are selling rooms at the price of a pretty penny! :)
4	I stayed here for one night for a bachelorette party with 8 friends.  We stayed at a suite and the price for the one night was $70/person -- we shared beds/couches and it was really comfortable.It was a lot less busy than the MGM Grand and we didn't have any problems getting a taxi outside (there was no line!)We went to the Signature Pool which was great and a lot more chill than the other party pools -- essential on Sunday when we were in recovery mode.The suites had a kitchen which was convenient.  The place was clean and the housekeeping lady was really sweet and brought us extra towels and robes.  The double suite we had 4 beds and 4 showers -- which for 9 girls is awesome.It did feel a bit more secluded -- but a 10 minute walk brought you to the MGM Grand for a more vegas feel (restaurants, gambling, clubs, loudness etc)The rooms were quiet and the beds were comfy.
5	I like to think of myself as a Vegas regular visiting 3-5 times a year for the past decade. I've seen a lot and done a lot. The MGM Grand Signature was the place I've stayed at to date. Exclusive access to property to ensure privacy and safety. Smoke free building for cleanliness. 24/7 valet and concierge service. (Don't forget to tip!) Private pool so you can get away from the insanity of Wet Republic.Rooms are great size, style, finishes were awesome. Bed was comfortable. View was nice - 36th floor. Big thumbs up to the hotel!
5	This is a wonderful hotel in vegas. If you would like a smoke free propertry that has all the amenities this is it. It's an all suite property and many of the rooms have a very nice view.  Also if you are into gaming and other activities, the palce connects by a cool skyway to MGM hotel, and you can go out and play your luck and access the monorail very quickly.  I only stay here in vegas.
5	This hotel was beautiful and comfortable. It's about a 10 minute walk from MGM Grand. Not horribly inconvenient, but nice to be a little further from the regular Vegas hustle and bustle.Our room was not clean when we arrived at 6:30pm. Took some heavy negotiation to get switched to a clean room (thankfully we did because they never actually requested the original to be cleaned once we arrived). The rooms were absolutely beautiful! And it was very clean! We had a two room suite that slept eight comfortably. Even the pull out couches were comfortable. After three nights, I wanted to take my pillow home with me! The three bathrooms definitely were to our benefit. The spacious shower was nice as well as the jacuzzi (which went unused). My one main criticism is the "scent" of the main areas of the 3 towers. I don't know if it's cleaning solution or some form of air freshener, but it was very unpleasant and even triggered a migraine for me. Of our party of 8, everyone complained. The rooms fortunately did not have this smell.Despite the "scent", I would definitely return to this hotel.
5	We stayed here mainly to avoid the casino noise and to be good to our lungs, since it is one of the few (and perhaps one of the first) smoke free hotels in Vegas. It paid to have done the research beforehand. This truly was one of my most favorite vacations in Las Vegas. Everything about this place was EXCELLENT. We stayed in Tower II - the room was quite spacious, super clean, and it included a kitchenette, the shops were fantastic, the restaurants swanky, the staff friendly, the pool sort of small, but quiet and enjoyable, just what we were looking for.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. We found an owner who would let us bring the dogs YAY!they have a little grassy area for the pups to go relieve themselves.. and well heck im not a dog but they do awesome maintenance on it. its always clean and the grass is green! =O!the dogs loved it i know i know.this is a no smoking hotel. aiyy.. i know i know. for those who wants to get by get the balcony. smoke there. make sure you close the balcony door too while your smoking.. and dont open til over 10 seconds passes by so the smoke doesnt end up in the room.the staff is awesome and very sweet!! the valet are nice and very speedy and very very very quick. which is great. the pools aren't that crowded either.. we stayed on the 31st floor and got an AWESOME view. i mean seriously. it was nice. the beds were soft and fluffy.sigh.. i wanna go back :(
5	I never knew that the MGM had these type of suites up until we were in town this past weekend.  I'm really impressed with their new do!!!  You go MGM!!!  What also impressed me was that the tower we stayed in is a non-smoking tower, which is great.  I hate walking into a hotel and then walking out smelling like smoke.I found another great place to stay when I'm back in town :-)
4	I really like staying here. Close to the MGM but yet away from all the madness. Huge affordable suites. Great for special events. Also they have independent pools from the MGM if it gets to wild there. All the buildings are connected to each other with moving walkways so you don't even have to step outside. Definitely recommend it.
5	Holy crap. This place blows every other Vegas hotel I've ever stayed at out of the water. It was like living in a luxury apartment for the weekend. Gorgeous, lavish decor, two massive beds, walk-in closets, a jacuzzi bath tub, marble sinks, a spacious kitchen, widescreen TV, free Internet -- what more do you need? Since it was my 21st birthday, my mom's boyfriend had a bottle of wine sent up to our room right after we checked in, and the hotel threw in some bread and cheese to go with it. Fabulous. It's designed to be away from all the madness, so you have to walk a fair trek to get to the rest of MGM, but I didn't care. It was so nice to go back to peace and quiet when I was ready to crash, instead of being kept up by noisy kids and drunk people in the hallways. I don't think I could stay anywhere else after this -- but I want to check out Tower 2!
5	So I came back here a couple months later with family, and we totally loved it.  The staff and the service was simply phenomenal.  Even the mere complaint of being placed in the farthest tower (Tower 3) away from MGM Grand (proper) is nothing that shouldn't deter anyone from staying here.  This is a great hotel.  Just great.
5	The best hotel in Vegas? Probably Yes! This hotel is perfect for those that like a little luxury in their lives and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Vegas craziness at the end of a day. We found everything to be spot on with this hotel from the minute we arrived at the airport, we were able to check in while waiting for our luggage. The concierge informed us we had been allocated a strip view room on the 38th Floor - sounded great to me. We caught a taxi to the hotel (quickest way & only cost $15 with tip). We soon found out that our room (One-Bedroomed Suite) was actually on the TOP FLOOR and listed as an upper penthouse suite... Nice!!!!The room itself is well appointed with nice furnishings and top notch electrical items; Jacuzzi Bath, 3 x Tvs, DVD player, blender (Great for frozen cocktails!), coffee maker, ipod dock. The room was also well cleaned and made up everyday.Before my arrival I read a lot of reviews on here about the distance to MGM Grand, trust me don't believe what you read.. it took us 5 mins from tower 2 lobby to MGM Studiowalk (where the restaurants are, maybe another couple to the casino floor). There are moving walkways most of the way there, if however you do choose to just stand on them then it will take you about 15 mins but if you walk on them then its really quick.The final thing if you are a non-smoker you will appreciate this hotel after a long day inhaling second hand smoke in all the casinos, the sweet perfumed smell that hits you upon entering the walkways to the Signature was a total welcome relief! Don't think about it any longer... book into this hotel!!
4	Amazing hotel! At first when my friend booked it, I was wondering how far it was from the strip, but it isn't! It just far enough from the hustle and bustle of the busy strip, but really close to walk. It's connected to the MGM, so all you do is use the walkway and you're there! It took us less than 10 minutes to get out of our hotel room, down the elevators, through the walkway, through MGM and to the front of the hotel where our limo picked us up.We reserved the two bedroom suite and it was very luxurious. You walk in through the main doors, and there are two more doors: one for the main suite, and the other for the other bedroom. The main suite had a spacious family room, a kitchen nicer than the one in my own apartment, a guest bathroom and the master bedroom and master bathroom with walk-in closet and Jacuzzi. The other room was not as large, but still better than any typical hotel. There was a little living area which is blocked off from the bed area with a half wall panel. The bathroom was huge with another Jacuzzi. The kitchen allowed us to go grocery shopping for snack, breakfast, and drinks. It had an electric stove, an oven, dishwasher (which we utilized!) huge fridge & freezer. The 3 bathrooms really came in handy when the 8 girls were getting ready. 4 stars because the main doors wouldn't stay shut. We came back Friday night/Saturday morning and it was wide open =O. Also, they were about to not let us park at the hotel because "they were full." We had one car between 8 girls. They didn't allow us to park there because the person with the car isn't the person who is registered with the room. The first guy we talked to was pretty rude about it and passed us along to another guy because he "didn't want to deal with it."
5	This place is sick! we got a 1300 2 bedroom condo for a few hundred dollars! The only downside to this is that it's not attached to the MGM hotel itself.  The upside.... you have a full kitchen and a few bathrooms which makes it super easy to get ready to hit the clubs! I'd definately come back here again!
5	I seriously felt like a baller during my stay here.  The Signature definitely knows how to treat a lady right.  Stayed here for 4 days & 3 nights. The suite had it's own mini bar, kitchenette including hot plates, sitting area, big comfy bed, flat screen TV for the bed and a small TV in the bathroom, jacuzzi, and toilet roomThis suite was amazing!! I felt so at home here because it had everything I could ever need except for complimentary alcohol in the mini bar.  I love the idea of the kitchenette because I was able to cook some Top Ramen after getting back from a night of fun.  I was also able to relax in the jacuzzi and also watch some Kendra while curling my hair before going out at night.  That bathroom TV is a God-send, honestly.  The service here was impeccable and everyone was very helpful.  The Signature is a non-gambling & a non-smoking hotel which I loved!!  The peace and quiet in the lobby surely made my stay so much better because I felt like I was at a resort but if I just walked 10 minutes I could feel like I'm Vegas again.The mandatory $20 daily resort fee was kind of a pain but the Wi-Fi, fitness center and bottled water did prove handy.  I initially thought that the mandatory valet parking was a pain but I ended up loving it because I rarely had to walk anywhere.  The best part of this hotel is that it's in it's own secluded area behind the MGM Grand...but there is an indoor hallway/ppl mover that will take you directly from The Signature to the MGM Grand.  I TOTALLY appreciated that indoor hallway because the weekend I was visiting there were thunderstorms galore and there was no way you'd find me walking outside with thunder & lightening going off every couple of seconds.  Needless to say I spent most of my time at the MGM.  Slept, partied, & gambled in the MGM while still feeling like I took advantage of the City of Sin.  I would undoubtedly stay here again if they ever had another special.  Great place to really get away and relax while still having the option of getting your Vegas on.
5	Unbelievable.  Second time staying here, and it surpassed my expectations.  For one, the concierge moved us up to a higher penthouse upon request,  and we had a HUGE, and I mean...massive balcony space due to being close to the elevators.  The homies really enjoyed hanging out at our suite.  A 1 bedroom is really the way to live it up.  Cuz you have your privacy with your significant other, and then your drunk friends can pull out the bed from the couch in the living room and be comfy as well!  This trip, I actually utilized that kitchen.  Jello shots, people.  I can't really justify staying at another hotel due to the comforts I've experienced here.
4	Stayed here for the first time for a few days. I have to say that I do like the room we stayed in, it was on the 35th floor penthouse in tower 1. The room we stayed at was a junior suite, and the staff was very friendly. I love the fact that the room is smoke-free which was the best part of the stay. The only thing I didn't like about the room is the fact that there was no throw rug in the toilet area, no exhaust, and now where to put your clothes while showering, also the shower head was a bit too high, but other than that I really enjoyed the room and on my next trip I'll be staying here again trying out the one bedroom suite. The walk to MGM is not bad at all when staying in tower !. The gym there is way bigger than the one's found in smaller hotels.
5	WOW... this hotel is great....A lot of Hotel for your Buck... Really cant say more that what everyone else sais about this place...All i know is that im staying here for my next trip to vegas...
5	In town for a conference, I decided to stay at Signature, best decision I ever made. I am kind of over the big casino's with the loud hotels attached. Signature was amazing. Once through the gates and guard shack, I entered the peaceful lobby, checked in immediately and noticed the soft cinnamon aromatherapy scent, no smoke, no loud casino, yeah!!!Upon entering my room it was quiet, exceptionally clean and perfect for my stay in Las Vegas. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom is huge, the water in the shower was instantly hot, the small tv in the bathroom is a nice touch while getting ready in the mornings.Here is the lowdown on the room, the closet is behind two mirrored doors with bathrobes and an iron and ironing board. There are light switches everywhere with dimmers, so you can leave low light on when going out. An ihome sits on one nightstand. The junior suite has a fully stocked kitchen, blender, coffee maker with coffee, toaster, sink with a garbage disposal, two burner stove and a microwave. The woods are dark and classy. I had a queen size sofa sleeper divided a tad bit from the king bed with a glass and dark wood screen attached to the wall. I had a nice desk workspace, coffee table, chair and best of all a balcony. It was so nice being able to open the slider and get some fresh air into the room without the concern of someone being able to get into the room. In the lobby you will find a little store with tolietries that one might forget, snacks and drinks. There is a Starbuck's and a lounge. Signature is connected to the MGM by moving walkways, very convenient. One of my favorite things was the minute I left the conference center and walked through the doors to Signature, the aromatherapy scent filled the air, giving a very calming sensation. I can't wait to stay again!!
5	From the moment we drove up into the gated driveway, I felt like royalty.  I don't know if there is any self parking, because the guard at the gate asked us to simply drive up to the entrance of our tower where the valet would take our car.The lobby was for the most part empty and quiet.  Check-in was easy but rather slow.  Could have been specifically the gentleman helping us, I don't know.  I'd booked two rooms but there apparently wasn't a way to get these two rooms adjoining.  This is my one criticism, as I booked these rooms a month ahead of time, but they can only give me the rooms when I get there.Our Junior Suite was gorgeous and spacious.  Shower and tub in the bathroom, and in the main room a king size bed, fold-out couch, and a mini kitchen complete with stove, fridge, toaster, blender and coffee maker.  It had such a clean and modern feel to it.  The bed was my favorite part -- I almost didn't want to get up in the mornings!Lastly, the location was nice.  The place is away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, but a simple series of moving walkways to the MGM Grand will put you right back on the strip again.  This is a beautiful hotel and made my Vegas vacation that much more enjoyable :)
5	Super super clean, chic hotel, with a deli and Starbucks near the lobby. There is no casino downstairs, but the walkway to the MGM casino is not too far.We booked a junior suite with a queen bed and a pullout sofa. Perfect for 4 people!There was also a kitchenette with a stove, blender, toaster, refrigerator, and cabinets full of glass cups. The refrigerator was pretty roomy and came in handy for all the water bottles and alcohol we brought.The bathroom had a double sink, jacuzzi, and separate shower. The toilet had its own door, so that someone can handle business while another showers and gets ready. However, every time our boyfriends used the toilet for that reason, they locked both doors, so nobody could access the shower or sink! Pointless haha, but that's just a guy thing I guess.The jacuzzi is SO relaxing after walking all day. I fell asleep for almost half an hour and didn't want to get out! One side had two jets that hit your lower back perfectly. Heaven.It was a little difficult to contact room service. It took maybe 4 phone calls until they picked up, but once they answered, they came shortly with our requested towels and extra water bottles free of charge (+tip of course)! Come to think about it, they gave us free water while we were waiting for our valet, too. I guess they want to assure their hotels guests are hydrated!
5	AMAZING..if you are looking for a LARGE room for a bunch of girlfriends. This is your ticket.  With suites including complete kitchens. Including dish washers, full fridge,  pull out couch beds, and multiple FULL BATHROOMS. a non smoking, non gaming hotel located just behind Mgm Grand.We will absolutely be staying here instead of Venetian from now on.
4	Our suite was set up like a condo... large beds/couches, dining room table, fully equipped kitchen, TWO bathrooms (with a jacuzzi), two flat screens, plenty of closet/drawer space, and a balcony with a gorgeous view. I loved how the main bathroom had two separate sinks and huge mirrors. It was extremely convenient when we had to shower, get dressed, put on makeup, etc. The suite was classy, clean, and neat.The valet was efficient and the guards at the gate automatically let us in every single time, without having us to swipe our hotel keys. We're just that special. Just kidding. But seriously, it was pretty neat having a gate to let guests in and out.The MGM Grand is a 10 minute walk through an indoor walkway so it was convenient to get to all the restaurants and shops. As for the Signature, there is a cafe and Starbucks in the lobby. The Signature Suites are amazing if you're looking for a spacious and peaceful place to stay.
5	Dude, jet tub jacuzzi, one bedroom suite fit for 4 people, a kitchen WITH utensils and dishes, mind you, and a freaking awesome gym. WOW.OH. and there is a freaking TV in the bathroom!!Seriously, I've said this time and again -- I think all restaurants (especially the nicer fancier ones) should learn from Signature. If you don't wanna bore your customers while they're on the Johnny, you gotta put a TV in the loo.Jus' sayin'.People should hire me to do their interior designs of their shops and restaurants. I've got loadsss of ideas.And yeah you know, the downside IS that Signature is so secluded from the rest of the MGM hotel and casino...basically everything else but, you really can't complain. They must be trying to promote healthy living.I can't even begin to tell you how many muffin tops and jelly rolls I've encountered during my stay. This is just a bare minimum and they NEED the workout.
5	Incredible. How do they give me this enormous 1BR suite with a real kitchen and a view for under $100? (That was a mid-week rate on their regular web site, not a discounting site) It was downright luxurious - on par with rooms at the Palazzo (less arty, but still very nice). The place is non-smoking and there's no casino. The place was dead quiet, I saw maybe 10 people total over a 2-day stay. (Hope it's not going out of business.) No drunk college kids, no noisy overweight Texans, no showy SoCal douchebags.The service seemed fine- can't say I needed very much. Concierge got me a dinner res, gym was very clean and well-appointed, front desk staff was polite and efficient. Best part - the rooms felt like they were used more by businesspeople than bachelor parties. I like that. A lot.Big drawback is the distance to the strip. Just a block, but in Vegas we all know that 1 block = 1/4 mile. There's a nice covered, air-conditioned tunnel to the MGM Grand so it's not that bad.Still, it's a 5-star review in my book. If I was in Vegas for a party weekend I'd stay elsewhere. But for my business trip this was absolutely ideal.
5	Now this is what I cal a classy hotel. Adjacent to the MGM Grand the Signature is a non-smoking hotel with incredible suites. A beautiful kitchen with a subzero refrigerator, classy appliances, and beautiful dishes. The beds are very comfy, bathrooms huge, views incredible and service impeccable. This is one hotel I'll be visiting again! Classy all the way!
5	Stayed in the junior suite in July with 3 other girls. It was nice, spacious and had a modern feel. The room included a sink, stove, microwave, TV,  jacuzzi, a lot of mirrors, etc. We initially thought we were getting two queen beds and instead had a king with a pull out, so that kind of sucked. Regardless, the beds were comfy, so we didn't mind much.Customer service was great in that people were helpful and friendly. Also, staying there gives you free drinks at the pool.Overall, we had a great time here.It really felt like we were staying at a place more than just any ordinary hotel room. Compared to the other hotels in Las Vegas, it was very quiet and not too far from things to do on the strip.
4	I stayed in their Junior suite which includes a King bed in the bedroom and a queen pull out in the living room area. I really liked that the bedroom and living room were completely separated. Oh and there were two full bathrooms which is extremely essential for girls. The bathroom connected to the bedroom had two separate sinks, a separate door for the toilet, a shower, and a jacuzzi. The bathroom in the living area had the shower and toilet together. There was also a table, kitchen with stove and large refrigerator. there was a balcony to go outside as well. There were two flatscreens and even a DVD player for you to play your own movies. There are two closets in the living room and 4 drawers. Definitely ample space. I liked that the Signature is private, completely closed off from any other guests. There is a gate to enter for guests only. This is perfect for families or people who don't want a casino in their hotel. There is a 10 min indoor walkway from the Signature to the MGM which is extremely convenient if you don't want to take your car out of the valet or if you just want to grab a bite at the MGM. The hotel isn't on Las Vegas Blvd, but its very close to the strip still to do all your things on the strip. I would definitely stay here again for the cleanliness and peaceful atmosphere of the hotel. It felt like I was in a condo more than just a regular room, which I definitely prefer.
3	I was not too impressed w/ MGM! Nothing special and an upgrade for us was really nothing... Maybe a higher room w/ a better view.... It was only OK! I did find a really good deal thru their website so I did like the price but one can always find great deals in Vegas if they check around! We did not use the pool much because in July it was so crowded, hot, and overly drunk people! Not too family friendly! We never used the river ride due to the fact that we arrived so late and they still charged a full day price to rent the raft!! The Mandalay Bay allows you to bring ur own raft but here u have to rent MGM's! It is a distance to get to the pool area! They usually close before sunset! ;-( We are so spoiled in Hawaii were pools usually close at 10pm! It is too bad especially for families during the hot long summer days! The arcade for the kids was downstairs way out of the way and closed early! MGM arcade is very small w/ no rewards or tickets! MGM is NOT as kid friendly as other resorts we have experienced in Vegas.
1	I must preference my rating by saying it would have been better, except for an unfortunate happening (see below for further details).I stayed at the Signature at MGM Grand for two nights while I was in Vegas for a good friend's wedding in October. We booked a group of junior suites and were placed on the same floor. Super convenient. The rooms were nice enough and having the pull out couch was great considering I was sharing the room with a friend of a friend.However, after my first night in the room, I woke up with an arm that was covered in bug bites. I don't know if it was bed bugs, or what, but my arm took nearly 3 weeks to heal. It progressively got worse through out the day and when we returned to the hotel I informed the front desk. They moved us to a room right down the hall and waived the resort fees on just our room. I honestly think they could have done more.The bathrooms were big and with decent lighting (important!). Overall there wasn't much remarkable though. I think the rooms we stayed in would be better for longer stays, not just a quick two night jaunt.
4	Really cute, tucked away place. It was a bit of a walk to get to the main part of MGM, which is tricky if you're wearing insanely high heels (as any woman visiting vegas should.)We had some issues, but they were not the hotel's fault. We made out booking on Jetsetter.com, so we got a rad suite for about half the price. However, when we got to our room, it was clearly already being stayed in. Everything was messed about, clothes hung off the side of the bed, I'm surprised that we didn't walk in on anybody.We went back downstairs, and discovered that while the rooms were indeed IN the signature, they were owned by some other company (who then did the special deal on jetsetter.) Thus, in order the get a new room, we had to wait around the lobby for an uncomfortable amount of time. At one point, I wanted to take a bath in the bigass jacuzzi tub, and when I turned it on, all this gross grey stuff came shooting out and began to circulate around the tub. I basically ended up in the shower, scrubbing my soul clean until I couldn't feel my skin anymore. I told the hotel about it, but AGAIN- since it was a different company that owned our room, it was also a different cleaning service.So, all in all, issues arose... but none of them can be blamed on Signature itself. We had a great time, and enjoyed our room a ton.
5	I needed to set up a room for "the boys" prior to my wedding, and after doing a lot of research this was the best bet.Pros:-Best bang for your buck in LV, especially using AAA discount for these factors: - Lots of space, we rented a two bed room suite (basically a connected Junior and One Bed room Suite) that gave us something like 1500 square feet for only like $300/night+tax total (weekday rate). That's crazy considering we had 4 queen beds, 3 bathrooms, a full kitchen, etc. -Clean-New appliances etc-A BALCONY!!!-Nice strip view -Not too far from the strip, like a large block. -Quieter than main strip hotel casinos.Cons:-No Smoking, we don't smoke regularly, but when we party we like to enjoy cigars, and sadly no smoking even on the balcony :(-There is no Casino in the hotel, you have to walk to MGM which is pretty far from all the complaining from "the boys" I heard.-Not on the strip, so if you're in lazy mode, you will have to pay for taxi.Overall:-I doubt you'll find as nice as a hotel, with rooms as large and as accommodating for the same price anywhere in Vegas that close to the strip.-However given the above, if the room truly doesn't matter to you, you can spend the same or even less and end up on strip, but don't expect a full kitchen or nearly as large or as nice of a room.Anyway, in the future I will still definitely consider MGM Signature. It's a beautiful hotel. "The Boys" definitely loved it. And hell the distance thing really wasn't a factor, because we ended up using Limos all night (some free ;) from cool places like the Rhino).  If you're planning to party up in a room with a big group, You get a 1500 square foot suite with enough beds to sleep 8 comfortably yet still enough room to party. I highly recommend MGM Signature.
5	This hotel is not located right on the strip but the rooms were roomy had a nice view of the strip. Easy access to the MGM Grand through the hotel was convenient. It's a good way to stay away from the heat or cold when commuting from the Signature to the MGM Casino. Equipped with a mini kitchen too!
4	We stayed here for the New Years weekend.  Pretty amazing for the price.  There's a private, gated entrance and valet parking is the only option.  It's a non-gaming, non-smoking facility resulting in the property being VERY quiet.  Want to gamble and smoke?  No problem, there's a tunnel that connects to the MGM Grand.Technically, The Signature isn't on the strip per-se, but it's pretty damn close.  For those familiar with Vegas, The Signature is built on what used to be the theme park for the MGM Grand.  It's about a 10 minute walk from the room to the strip sober, 15 minutes buzzed, and about half an hour trashed.  If you're beyond trashed, the hotel will send a staff-member equipped with a wheelchair, and he'll push you back to your room as you yack into an exclusive 'The Signature' plastic bag.There's a TV in the bathroom.  There's a jacuzzi in there as well.  There's a sofa-bed along with the King bed.  Stovetop, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, and to my surprise, a blender.  All in all, I will be coming back to this place.
5	Stayed in a UPH (Upper Penthouse Suite / 38th floor) 1 bedroom for a couple of nights before 2010 XMAS with five people total.  Very comfortable and overall a fantastic experience.  Loved the apartment style layout.  My daughter and I played with our light-sabers on the balcony on the 38th floor, no clue if anyone saw the light show but at night they were bright so I am sure they did!For $150/night that included everything I found the price fantastic AND you are not stuck with the cheesy Vegas casino crap which I find irritating.I highly recommend staying here.
5	Stayed for 2 days in one of their one-bedroom two bathroom suites on the 22nd floor. It was still pretty spacious even when sharing the room with seven  people. I wasn't too amazed by the view from the balcony. Unless you want to drive yourselves or walk, getting to the monorail takes a good amount of walking just to get to the station, or out of the hotel even. The people that work at valet are very courteous and helpful.Also, WIFI sucks. You guys can try what the guy suggested below, and complain about it and get a refund of about $60.
5	I'm a big fan of the Signature @ MGM Grand.  The Better Half and I spent a few days here and absolutely loved it.  Here's why:- Large whirlpool tubs with jets.  Very relaxing, nice touch.- Balcony facing the Strip.  There aren't too many places in Vegas with a balcony.  We were on the 23rd floor and had a great view of the Strip.- Comfortable bed.  We slept well during our entire stay.- Kitchenette.  We didn't use it, but it is a nice amenity to have.- Privacy.  These towers are not attached to the MGM Grand.  There is a long walkway that connects it to the property.  Each tower has it's own swimming pool and there is a small lounge in the Tower we stayed in, which was the center tower.  There is also a private valet entrance for each tower.- 1st class treatment.  We were treated well by every employee.  They helped make our stay pleasant.Return Factor - 90%
5	I love staying here whenever I'm in Vegas. The kitchenette and the balcony really set this place a part from any other place on the strip.I travel to Las Vegas monthly for work and always stay here at the MGM Signature. its bad enough that it gets really costly to eat out all meals while youre in Vegas, coupled with someone like myself who tries to eat healthily, it can be difficult. However with the full kitchenette in the Siganture Suite, i usually bring food from home which i then cook or just simply microwave up. Its saves time, money and calories.The Signature also had 2 gyms located in tower 1 and tower 2. If you combine both of these fitness rooms together, they are pretty big and actually remind me a lot of some hotel gyms that charge for local membership like the Shangri-La in Manila. In short its a very much above average fitness center for a hotel.The bathroom can also help you get much R&R with its flatsceen TV that is easily viewed from the enormous whirlpool tub.In short...my home away from home is the Signature
5	Absolutely love it here! I liked how it was private and there is no casino. It is a quieter hotel than others ones. There is 3 towers here, but we stayed stayed in tower 2.Service was AWESOME. Always someone there to open the doors at night time, much less during daytime since it is slow. We had a lot of luggage and dropped like 1 and the maid helped us. Very nice of her.Also we drove our car, so there is always valet to park your car. You have to wait a while for them to bring the car to you since its underground.Our Junior suite with the King bed was really nice. Loved how there is a kitchen with all your cooking needs like forks, pots, plates, spoons, and etc. You get a fridge, a sink, and  the best thing is you don't need to wash the plates! The maid had to wash all our dirty plates....But we tipped a lot more than usual.  This suite was very convenient.We even ordered late night in-room dining. We ordered about 4 plates of food for 2 nights in a row for about $80 each night. Food is good/decent to soak up the alcohol you have drank all night. The food came pretty fast, or maybe i was still buzzing...Bed was very comfortable. There is two sinks in the bathroom with another door to the toilet. They got a pull-out couch bed and a jacuzzi.It was nice that we were given a late-check out since we called them. We accidentally slept till 10:30 and our check out time was 11. They gave us till 12, but we went a little pass that time.There is taxi even though you don't see any outside the hotel. We thought there is no taxis to take. You just let them know you want taxi. Taxi comes really fast.I would totally recommend this hotel and would come back again.
5	Hands down the best value in Las Vegas! There is no casino, but it's connected to the MGM so you get the best of both worlds. The valet is awesome and having the off-strip entrance is very convenient. I've stayed in the one bedroom and the studio, both are nice but if you have two or more people I think the one bedroom is well worth it. The kitchens inside are modern and look great. The beds are very comfortable as well! The only time I don't stay here when in Vegas is if I'm in a big group that wants to stay somewhere else.
4	Our family stayed here during the week between Christmas and New Years. We had a one bedroom junior suite. We loved having the kitchen. We have some food allergies we are dealing with so having the flexibility to prepare some of our own food was a life saver for us. The room was quite large and had enough room for the kids to play. All of the staff was really wonderful during our stay. Very happy the whole hotel was non smoking.
5	THIS HOTEL IS THE SHIT! Would give it 4.5 stars if i could because it is a bit far from the strip. The walk from Tower 2 to MGM Grand was ridiculously long...if it wasn't for the moving walk ramps....my feet would still be hurting right now.For $20, you get unlimited water and lots of amenities that you'd usually have to pay for. We had a suite with a FULL kitchen with stove, microwave toaster, blender and lots of kitchen ware. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel!!!Got the hotel via an Expedia package (flight from NYC and hotel for $450...a steal, honestly).There is so much room in this suite and a huge flat screen TV and a smaller TV in the restroom. The jacuzzi tub is FREAKING awesome. After a long day of walking in heels, we dipped our swollen toes into the tub, turned on the water jets and relaxed into oblivion. There are buttons to request room service while we're gone. And there are buttons for the curtains!!! I love that I do not have to put too much effort into being comfortable here. The bed is much more comfortable than the regular MGM Grand rooms. And for $30 extra, you get to upgrade your room to a one bedroom suite for the entire weekend. FREAKING AWESOME!!!ANYHOO, THANK YOU SIGNATURE MGM GRAND. WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!
5	If this place wasn't just a little off the strip, it would be hands down the best hotel for the money in Vegas.Our room came with standard amenities at a nice hotel: big flat screen TV, refrigerator, microwave, stove, huge closet, huge shower, huge jacuzzi tub, huge bathroom, huge everything!  The room was very clean and very modern.  I heard that every room comes with a king size bed, and I think every room has a huge shower in addition to a jacuzzi/hot tub.Great lighting for the whole room, including dimmers for just about everything.  The art on the wall is interesting, but not distracting. They definitely pay attention to the details here.  The house keeping not only did the usual of replacing towels, making beds, etc, but they also organized my (my wife's) toiletries!  If only that happened every afternoon at home!  I know this is standard at nice hotels, but it was good to see that the Signature was following through.All in all the staff were very helpful and friendly.  I felt at ease that I'd never have any difficulties with the hotel.I recommend staying in tower 1 if you can--it has the Starbucks and is closest to the MGM Grand.
3	Despite my not so good experience with MGM Grand itself, I was told fantastic things about The Signature so I figured ... suck it up and give it a try.Obviously, I should have taken note and lessons learned from my first experience. I got an incredibly good rate for Signature and thought to myself, great! I can stay at a quieter, off the strip a little place that's luxurious and nice and spend a romantic weekend in Vegas (I know I know ... romantic?!?! ...). I go to check in and they can't find my reservation.I pull up my confirmation letter, which I was prepared with, and the manager looks at it and tells me that my reservation doesn't exist. He doesn't apologize, doesn't say it's lost, he plain fricken just says it doesn't exist. Ok... either way, I'm already here, I drove here, I'm not going to go back, so can they book me a room?Sure, at full price! What?! Really? Seriously?Wonderful. Just what I needed. After many, many agonizing minutes of trying to find some upper management, I finally get a more reasonable rate (not my super deal price though) for a stay and the whole check in took over an hour. I had to reiterate my thoughts on MGM, no matter how nice the place is, how luxurious, how comfortable the bed, this place doesn't leave you happy and that's the worst star rating in my book.
5	What I hate about Vegas hotel is walking through the crowded casinos with the lingering smell of smoke and bad perfume/cologne. The Signature has its own private drive way entrance and separate valet service for each building. Which is another thing i hate about Vegas... why does it take 20-30 mins to get your car out of valet? At the Signature the longest I had to wait was 10 mins. The Check in process into the Signature was a breeze because each building has its own front desk. We stayed in the one-bedroom suite which has 2 full bathrooms, separate living room, and kitchen! The one-bedroom suite can easily fit 4 people comfortably. Easily my favorite hotel in Vegas.
3	Whenever I go to Vegas, I look at websites like Hotels.com or Hotwire.com for the best deals.  Luckily, Hotwire gave me a great deal on the Signature, even though it was New Year's weekend.Now, I usually only ever book at 4-star hotels and above, so this was perfect.  Having never stayed here before, I was excited to see all the great reviews and was really expecting to get a lot from this place.Pros:- within walking distance of the Strip- huge rooms and bathrooms- accessible to some of the best restaurants on the Strip- fast and friendly serviceCons:Only two...- walkway to get from the further tower from the strip through the MGM and onto Las Vegas Blvd is a hike!- This lady has been to the Trump Hotel before, and for the price, we should have stayed at the Trump!Good review all-around on the hotel, but there are definitely better, newer, (and cheaper) places to stay!
3	I should probably preface this review by saying we usually stay at Wynn and so maybe it spoils you for other hotels. In a nutshell - it was fine, nothing special, not memorable but perfectly functional. I was attending a conference at MGM so paid the extra $$ to stay at the Signature over the main MGM hotel. Stayed in tower 1 which was closest to the MGM and has a Starbucks which seems to make a lot of people happy. Check in was super-speedy and the front desk staff were super friendly and helpfulRoom was fine - carpet and sofa were a little tired looking with the odd dirt mark. My TV wouldn't turn off, I called down and they reset it pretty quickly. Bathroom had potential to be great but again - a little tired. Jacuzzi tub had those plastic jets which have slightly discolored and fill me with fear of being filled with someone else's dead skin cells. Tiles in the shower had discolored grout. La Firma (?) toiletires were good. Separate toilet which is always nice. I wanted to order some bottles of wine for a get together of friends from room service - not many listed in the room service menu. I called and asked for them to give me a couple of suggestions and the person on the phone was pretty reluctant "there's a prosecco for $44". Was like pulling teeth to get other options and pricing. The Deli in tower 2 is pretty good. It's not a bad walk to the MGM - a couple of moving walkways. I'd say it's 5 minutes to the walkway part of MGM with all of the restaurants and maybe 15 minutes walk to Studio 54 in the far corner of MGM. I booked through expedia so room was paid for. Had to pay additional $20 per day for "resort fees" - basically super slow wifi and a couple of bottles of water a day. I'd stay again only if I needed to be in the MGM. Otherwise Wynn, Encore, Palazzo or Bellagio would be my choice
4	Things I hated about the Signature:1) This hotel is so far from everything!2) You can only valet!  Blarg!3) If you book through a third party, you can't call the concierge/maid service directly.  You have to call the third party directly.Things I liked about the Signature:Everything else!The rooms here are actually very nice and because the property is away from the Strip, it feels like you're in a nice apartment complex or something.  We got a cheap rate through a third party, so for the price, I really liked our room, especially since it had a kitchenette, which makes eating and pre-partying a lot easier.If I could get a cheap rate again, I'd stay at the Signature, but this time I'd book directly with MGM instead of going through a third party.
4	So i really enjoyed my stay here, the rooms are all i think suites. So it was nice, because we had a kitchen & everything. The hotel was sooo cleeaaan. Also, after the club you know how much you craaaavveee water. As soon as you get out the cab, the host has just stacks of water bottles waiting for you! & if they dont you can always ask them for some. & if you need water delivered to your room its freeeee! yay for free water! The only downside was that it was SOOO far from everything, & i felt like it was a mission just to get to the casino.
5	Experience the much quieter side of Vegas. But just because it's more tame than the expected rowdiness of Sin City, doesn't mean it's not just as enjoyable. Lavishing details decorate every inch of this building. All rooms are suites, fully furnished with queen to king sized beds, queen sofa pullouts, kitchenettes, and sizable bathrooms that can be a bedroom in itself. Perfect for large groups who need a place to crash, but not willing to spend a large buck. The connecting junior suite and one bedroom suite can fit a group of 8-10 comfortably. Best part is, the one bedroom has an extra bathroom, so that gives you 3 bathrooms total. A much needed essential if you're going with a group of gal pals. Also included is a full sized kitchen with stove, oven, and microwave fully stocked with cooking utensils in case you decide to eat in. Prices per night are extremely affordable, especially if split between a few friends. It's also the one hotel on the strip closest to the airport, so the taxi ride is a few bucks cheaper. Directly connected to MGM Grand, it's easily accessible to the rest of the casinos. Service here is impeccable. Even the parking lot/main entrance is gated off by a guard, so it provides a sense of privacy and security. It's strictly a hotel with just suites/condos, so you'll have to trek on over to MGM Grand for the gambling and restaurants. Request to stay in tower 1 if you don't want to walk a long mile to get to the casino grounds.
5	The room was huge!  Largest upgrade on a one bedroom.  We had the 965 sq ft suite with a full size kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a balcony!  Corner view on the 36th floor fantastic!   Flat screen tv's and lots of closet and drawer space for my friends and I.  The jacuzzi bath was the best!!!!   My only suggestion is for them to put hooks on the bathroom doors to hang the robes they provide!!!   Starbucks right downstairs.  Perfect suite our first girl's trip to Vegas!
4	Stayed  here for my bachelor party, honestly it would of got 5 stars from me because everyone was friendly and really cool,the suite we got was amazing, the thing that messed things up was that we left for 5hrs left the house keeping light on...and the room was nvr cleaned..we had to call 4 times before the finally sent someone up...and all I needed were towels so we could shower n head out for the night...besides that...it was a very nice hotel...
3	The one bedroom suite is approx 900 square feet and is very comfortably for 3-4 ppl. I ended up on the couch pull out bed. As weird as it is, it is one of the most comfortable couch beds I've ever slept on. Comes with a full kitchen with all necessary utensils. The hotel is decorated well and definitely feels upscale. The pricing I got from jetsetter and have to say that there is great VALUE in this hotel. It is a condoturned hotel and you kind of get that feel when you get to your room. Having 2 bathrooms for a 1 bedroom unit is something you would see in a condo not so much a hotel, but it came in real handy and speeds up getting ready to go out!Its much more quiet and feels like some sort of resort in Hawaii or something. Then you step foot off the property head towards the strip and you're in crazy Vegas again. The connecting walkway to MGM is not as bad as it seems, using the moving walkways it takes anywhere from 5-10 minutes depending how fast you walk. The amenities include a nice fitness center, pool, small deli place, and starbucks. The only draw back was trying to make changes to the room, as mentioned in previous reviews. I had to call Luxury Suites to get a room change. (This was very inconvenient as my brother was in the bathroom when another party entered the room!). Overall, this hotel offered great value and was comfortable minus the random incident.
5	This is just one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in for the price.  I can tell you that I paid less than 100 per night and it was awesome.  The bathroom was so big and so nice.  I think I took like 10 baths while I was there because the tub was so big and nice.  The bed was soft and warm.  Nice kitchen area and big overall room.  This has to be the best value I've ever gotten for my money.
5	We had a penthouse while we stayed here and I looooved it! 3 full bathrooms come in handy when you have 10 ladies staying in the same place. Full kitchen would have came in handy if we were there longer. You could walk to the MGM without having to go out in the cold, or in the summer the hot sun! Great location.
4	We had our first stay here to see Eric Clapton .  When we bought our concert tickets months ago and we started looking for a room. For about $10.00 more a nite we stayed here instead of the MGM. At the MGM standard room, no coffee maker, you have to pay for each computer per day, since my husband and I always have our own this can add up.  The signature charges a $20.00/day resort fee which includes free wifi and all your other resort extras. Far less than the per day per computer fee charged by MGM The jr suite was very spacious, I think they bill it as 550 sq ft   Had every thing we needed. Toaster, blender, microwave, stove top, dishes, coffee maker. Fridge,  bar area, sitting area, queen pull out couch, The signature has its own separate pools and hot tubs. One for each of the 3 towers. My favorite was the balcony. Some might say it is a bit of a walk, but after eating or standing or sitting while gambling, it felt good to walk. There are even 3 people mover walkways, while traveling from the casino/restaurants to the signature.You can get cans/ bottles of beer down stairs at the deli but they had to open them. I took a walk 10-15 min down to the 7-11 and bought a 12 pack, and some cereal, milk and we were set!  We stayed in tower 2, at check in we asked for a balcony and they were able to give us one, not all of the jr suites have them.We had floor seats for the concert. While you looked straight on. You were all at the same level and no arm rests. These are fold out chairs.. I would look for a seat on the side in the permanent Seats for the next concert. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  This really suited our needs, much better than a standard hotel room.  Gave us more options for drinks and snacks and more living room to move about in. I would bring my own Peets ground coffee though. 7-11 ground was a little rough and with all the star bucks none of them sold ground coffee!
3	I stay at the signature a lot as I travel to Vegas on business.  Because I'm a frequent guest, I get a great rate through a third party booking agent (Luxury Suites International)I go back to the Signature week after week because the rooms are beautiful and spacious, especially when you get a balcony.Some things to know:- You're just off the strip, but it is a bit of a walk to get there.- I really like the gym there.  Very well appointed with plenty of good machines, and extras like headphones, current magazines,  chilled towels.- The one restaurant (The Lounge), and room service are very good, but pricey.- There is a cafe and a starbucks available, but they're not open late.  - I've had a lot of trouble with LSI over the past weeks when it came to making my reservations.  They have regular business hours only, and don't handle changes well.  I've walked into unmade up rooms (from the prior guest) three times in my 11 weeks or so of staying there.   They've also messed up my reservation a few times.  But, once you get them on the phone, they're very nice, and do work to fix any problems.- The Signature staff are very professional and friendly.- The valet, which is the only parking option, is sometimes very slow.  I have to give myself 10 - 15 minutes in the morning to get my car.- There is a resort fee of something like $15 a night for internet, gym, etc.  This makes what seems like a great deal more like a moderate deal.On the occasions when LSI screwed up, and I booked onsite with MGM, they were fantastic.  I give them 4 1/2 stars - (5 if parking were easier).
5	I stayed here with my sister for a girls trip. Our friends stayed at Hard Rock which of course has a totally different vibe. At Hard Rock, they had a view of a parking garage; we had a great suite on the 23rd floor. The room was extraordinarily clean, and although we didn't use the kitchenette it was nice to have just in case. The bathroom was huge and great for two people to share. My sister said the pullout bed wasn't the best but not horrible.We stayed in Tower 3, which is really a hike to MGM Grand via their attached walkway. If I had a choice again I would have requested Tower 1. Also note that late at night Tower 3 doesn't have staff in the lobby, so if you need anything you will have to go to Tower 2 or Tower 1. We also sat out by the pool, which was very nice, and walked by the fitness center, which would have been an added bonus if we were so inclined to work out on vacation. Cabs were very easy to get as they arrived less than 5 minutes after the hotel called them for you.Overall, a great stay.
4	I had a chance to stay here during the WPPI convention that is held at MGM. I was pleasantly surprised. For a little more $, you get a bigger room, stove, fridge, microwave, sofabed, better views, and valet parking! Sure, it's a bit more of a walk if you want to walk right onto the strip, but most of the time people just take a taxi or just drive to their location so it really doesn't matter.I love that the whole place is also non-smoking. It's awesome because I didn't feel sick when I got home from Vegas like I normally do.You also get access to their pools like WET REPUBLIC. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were huge and clean. Loved my time staying here and would definitely stay here again.
5	absolutely perfect!BEST staff ever!!!...attentive, kind,professional and hard working!we stay her a few times a year now and is always our first choice when in vegas for 3 or more days.beautiful facility and super comfy rooms.simply the best.
4	It's your standard upscale Vegas hotel, but much more quiet and private since it's set back from the strip.  The tunnel connecting to the MGM casino area is a bit of a haul... a necessary evil.The staff at the Signature couldn't have been better.  Front desk friendly and helpful, a staff member who brought us extra towels and winked over our extra guests (we were cramming five into a two-person room) AND gave us a ton of extra water bottles for the room (free).  The location was perfect for us, with the Hofbrauhaus a short (for Vegas) walk east of the hotel, across the street from NYNY for the roller coaster, and obviously attached to MGM for our fave casino action.
4	The best feature of this hotel is something it doesn't have: smoke! The room was great, fast, etc. On the continuing smoke theme, we found the MGM Grand casino to be very smoky. The Flamingo had the freshest air so we spent all of our gambling time there.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the room smelled a little bit like mildew. It cleared up after about 15 minutes of running the ventilator and then I just left the fan on low. It's a little disconcerting, though. Mold?Some of the other reviews said it takes about 15 minutes to get the MGM but it took us less than 10 minutes and my girlfriend's legs are really short. I probably would have done it in 5. It would only take 15 minutes if you stood on the moving walkways or measured all the way to the casino floor. Tower 2 is a minute or two closer (we stayed in Tower 3). I suspect The Signature is closer to a lot of the MGM Grand than the MGM Grand is to itself.If you plan correctly, staying at The Signature can be a great value in addition to a luxury. First, skip the taxis and rental cars and get an unlimited monorail pass. Second, make use of the kitchenette. Food is ridiculously priced in Las Vegas. You don't have to wash dishes, either. Leave them for the maid! These two things together not only saved money but eliminated the stress of economizing on taxis and food, or rather the stress of knowing you are getting gouged even if you can afford it.
5	Stayed in a junior suite on the fourth floor. Huge bathtub, good sized shower, mini kitchen with microwave, coffee maker, sink, blender, cups, cookware, stove, king sized bed, desk, table, couch, wide screen plasma, dvd player, iPod alarm clock, dual bathroom sinks. Stay was my favorite in Vegas. Not pricey like the Wynn or anything. At first the walk from Signature to the Casino in MGM seems long, but after the first time, it becomes a breeze. The Pool was nice and the jacuzzi was great. Great help at the front desk and the house keeping was prompt and did a great job. I would absolutely stay there again! Signed up for their guestbook just in the hopes I get emailed discounts!
4	I Love Vegas. It's like my 2nd home. I think I've stayed at every hotel, well the ones that are 4 stars and above =D Came here last weekend with 2 of my Best Girlfriends. Valet was on it, they immediately assisted us with our bags and check in was completed in less then 10 minutes. When we entered the room it was nice, clean and room temperature was perfect. I like the way the room is setup. It's pretty spacious and having a mini kitchen is definitely a plus. When we called the bell desk to have our bags delivered, the lady said it would take 1 to 1.5 hours to get our bags since there backed up. Really, because we dropped our bags off no more then 15 minutes ago. She said there was nothing she could do. I waited a few minutes and my gf and I decided that we weren't going to wait. So as were about to open the front door the Bellman has our bags. Yay! He apologized and did say the are very backed up but made an exception. He was a sweetheart and asked if we wanted him to take pictures of us with my camera. Sure, why not? So there he was snapping away from about 10 minutes.. I thought that was pretty nice to offer. The rest of the stay was good. The bed was comfy and so was the couch. It's not one of those hotels you can hear everything in the next room. Wink Wink. That was a plus. They allowed us to check out @ 12 instead of 11. Surprisingly there were only 2 other people waiting in the check out line. So we checked out and waited for valet. This is where I deducted my star. We waited, waited and waited and finally they brought us our car 45 minutes later. If that's the only negative thing I can say about The Signature then I think that's pretty good..
2	The property is nice.  It's located about 3 miles from the MGM, at least it felt like thats how far you had to hike to get from Tower 3 to the actual MGM.  Whatever you do try and get in Tower 1, its the best location, trust me I know, I stayed in Tower 3 and it was a long journey to get to the pool and everything else.  The room is nice. Big bathroom, it had a balcony which was cool, but the bed, fuck the bed.  What a piece of shit, and the sheets, fuck the sheets.  Nasty sheets.  I asked other guests in the elevator and they said their sheets were shit also.   Overall fuck this place.
4	So we stayed in the Penthouse Suite on the 38th floor.  The elevator said UPH instead of PH since it was the top floor.  What does that even mean?  ULTIMATE PENTHOUSE?  I don't know what made the UPH so much better than the other rooms.  The view was great and there is a nice little balcony but if it's the ULTIMATE PH in Vegas, I was expecting some ULTIMATE perks.  Maybe an onsite bathroom attendant , a chair made of gold, etc...  Anyway, the place was nice for it's price.  Clean, decent view, spacious, etc.  The decor seemed a little outdated compared to the Wynn or Cosmopolitan but we liked it.  I would probably stay here again as long as they had deals on the place.
5	My second stay at the signature was off the hook.Every room is a suite with a jacuzzi bathtub, double sink, huge glass enclosed shower, and of course a kitchenette.I stayed in tower 2, which is a quick walk on a moving walkway to the MGM shops, pool area, and monorail.The signature has such comfortable beds and pillows. Each room is stocked with plenty of plush towels and comfortable robes. The couch pulls out into another bed incase you have guests over to your room. ;)All parking is valet, so be prepared with change for a tip. The property is smoke free, +1 star. No casino available here, which is kind of nice for a change.
5	This is my home whenever I'm in Vegas.  The BF and I first came here 6 years ago when they had just opened and fell in love with the place.  We always have good service and has accommodated our request of certain lodging.  We've stayed at all types of their rooms including the Upper Penthouse level.We went here two weeks ago and the concierge was on the spot!  We had asked for a room that has a clear view of the City Center and man did we got it *check out my pics*.  It was beautiful even though it was windy and cold.I love the fact that all of the suites bathrooms has a jet tub, has a tv and stand in shower with a nice stream of water.  They also provide soaps, shampoos, etc that smells so nice and it's not your usual one either that you can find at the surrounding hotels a.k.a. "bliss brand".  I love their soap so much that  I take them home and put the box in my drawers so that my clothes can smell like it.  Unfortunately, we missed going to Vegas last year and when we came back this year, the whole bathroom line change *waaaaaaah*. Good bye June Jacobs Spa collection..I will miss you.The economy has hit Sin City finally that when we checked in, we were directed to a different tower because the others were closed.  That means they've down sized the staff to cut the hours down (I also noticed this during our last day when we were getting our bags picked up from the room it took them a long time).Every time I come here, the decorations from the lobby is always different.  I wonder who's their designer is?  It's always sexy, subtle and comfortable with all the soft browns and golds.  You can see flowers that accentuate the mood that you want to steal their vase.. hahaha.  They have couches that you can lounge at while waiting for companions or just people watch.Room service is nice after you come back from partying and drinking.  I've gotten their breakfast menu ( eggs, canadian bacon with hashbrown) and I savor every bite coz it's so good and didn't really want to share with the BF.  Their food comes from the MGM Grand kitchen during the wee hours that I'm surprised it's still warm by the time it gets to my room.They also have free water  bottle that you can ask for if you've ran out and ask for a late housekeeping cleaning if you need your rooms cleaned or your towels changed.  Sometimes they will give you additional bathroom stuff.I can rant and rant about how good this place because it always delivers.  It is a little bit far from the action but it's a nice getaway from the crowd when you come home.
5	The wife & I stayed from 4/18 thru 4/23, first time at the Signature, went to check in and were surprised to find out we had a penthouse junior suite. Great view of the strip in building 1. The pool in bldg. 1 was closed but they were open in bldgs 2&3, nice and laid back. The staff was very friendly, valet was fast each time and the location really can't be beat. The rooms are quite and nothing to complain about. we will make this our only place to stay when in Vegas!!
4	Agonized over where to stay while in Vegas for ages.  Finally pulled the trigger and decided to pick the Signature.  Wife thought it looked too far from the main casinos on the strip, but I told her it would be fine.  Glad she didn't read all the reviews with people moaning about all the walking...and I didn't offer that info.  She ended up loving the place.  And after visiting the other places she initially wanted (Wynn, Bellagio, et al) she was very happy with our hotel.  When she realized how smokey and noisy the others were, she appreciated the tranquility of our location.Traveled with 2 twenty something female relatives, the wife, and myself.  I was forced to fly back to work after one night (family stayed 4), and was concerned that they might not feel safe without me...not in the least it turns out.The wife felt pretty well pampered, and the relatives absolutely loved the place. They said the staff was extremely polite and helpful, and from what I saw, I agree.  Our room was great.  Everyone loved the huge bathroom, shower, jacuzzi, and extremely clean.  Bed was very comfortable, wi-fi was convenient, small kitchen was great, I could go on and on.  Had a balcony, 28th floor...I was pretty well terrified to go near it, but it was an awesome view.  Wife never stepped outside, our young visitors loved it.As to the talk about the excessive walking, yeah, you could make some bad turns and have to walk a bit, but my young traveler friends said it was no big deal, and that they thought the location was great.So, in the end, I came out looking like a star for picking this hotel.  There were a few stains on a piece of furniture, only drawback.  I'd give this place 4.5 stars easy.  I wish I had chosen as well for their next hotel...
4	I loved staying here. I haven't stayed anywhere else in Vegas as this was my first time but I loved the quiet of this place. I'm not a big gambler and I loved being able to avoid the noise and chaos of the slots everytime I go downstairs. The rooms are all suites with really comfy beds, a well stocked kitchenette and a VERY nice jacuzzi. The pools are all pretty sweet as well. If one is too full just go to the next one. I love the hot tub too. Right in the middle there is a platform that's about 3 inches deep and a wall that has 6 little mini hot waterfalls. Those feel soooooooo good on your back and head. The only problem I experienced was in the pool at the regular MGM Grand. My friends and I were hanging out in the lazy river and I leaned up against some caulking that never fully dried. It got all over my suit and my skin. It was hard to get off my skin and never came off my suit. It happened to two other people with me too. But when we complained to the pool manager she offered to either pay for our suits or give us a cabana the next day. We took the latter and it was amazing. We felt like we were doing Vegas right and like rockstars. Our cabana boy was friggin awesome as well. They made right on the problem we had so you will hear no complaint from me. Pros: attached to the MGM so you can have your quiet and your crazy all in one spot. The rooms are awesome and if you get a strip view room it's a really nice view. Since you are attached to the MGM you can use their pool area which includes a lazy river that is badass! Cons: not as many dinning options without walking the 80 miles to the MGM Grand and having to walk 80 miles to the MGM grand and it's lazy river.
4	I stayed here a couple of weeks ago, and I was very impressed with the staff service, first they let me and my wife check in at 8:30 in the morning, we had a junior suite, very nice 14th floor.  I booked this trip for a week through Priceline, suprisingly everything went smooth.  Be sure you are aware of the $20 a day resort fee before booking this.  This is mandatory.  Most hotels have some kind of resort fee in Vegas, the Signature is about the highest.  Everything was terrific from the pool, to the room service and the room.  If I had the money I would buy one of these condos.   Nice but long  indoor walk into the MGM Grand.  Loses one star because I had housekeeping open our door on us twice, even when the do not disturb button was on.  Not cool, we were taking an afternoon nap one time.  This was the only thing I didn't like about the hotel.  But you must come here, it is well worth it!
2	The service at the Signature seems to vary from day to evening. We arrived around 5pm and the check in girl at tower two was rude & the check out lady in the a.m. was really nice. The valets were nicer in the day as well. We had been at the Signature for three days & both the security guard at the gate & valet rudely asked us where our pass was even after I showed them my room card with room number pamphlet, why would I have a room key if I wasn't staying there? Apparantly, they forget to give me a weekend parking pass when I checked in, probably was the rude check in girl that didn't give one to me.And Tower three is so far from the strip. The best way to go if you are going to walk to the strip is to walk from Tower three out on to the street and walk across to Planet Hollywood Westgate and walk through the valet parking and into their lobby to the Miracle Mile Shops and then onto the strip. Yeah that's the closest walk to the strip... LolThe pool wasn't crowded and the service out on the pool was good. I wanted to go to the lazy pool at the MGM but it was closed till next week. Who closes the lazy river on the third weekend of nice warm weather? And why don't they do the maintenance during the winter?It's an ok place but you can probably find better hotels out there!
5	I have nothing but positive reviews for this place. My wife and i were in room 26-715 tower 2 and could not get over the look,cleanliness,quality and overall feel of this place. You really do feel like your living in and experiencing a 5 star hotel. Ive been to many so called 5 star hotel/resorts but this was the first time where they actually lived up to it.Stainless steel appliances,cooking utensils,coffee mugs,dishes,cookie sheets,pot pans, even a bottle opener...they really provide a home away from home. I should point out how clean this room was, i mean you could eat food off of the floor if you had to. Matter of fact the sofa in the room was the first and only hotel sofa i ever sat in and wanted to sit in. The bathroom was 2nd to none and i really enjoyed the tv set up while hanging out and relaxing in the jacuzzi.
4	A great place to stay on the strip.  A  junior suite is perfect for two people.  The small kitchenette is stocked with glasses, mugs, plates, and bowls.  If you want to cut down on costs, buy some staples at the ABC Store in the Miracle Mile (attached to the Planet Hollywood casino) or, if you have a car, drive to a super market.  You have everything you need in the room to make breakfast and lunch if you desire.  There is nothing better than relaxing in the room's hot tub with wine you bought yourself that did not cost $10+/glass.The prices are reasonable for a suite.  We got a deal through Southwest airlines that was comparable to other packages at much older casinos that were not suites.  But keep in mind that the advertised cost does not include a $22/day resort fee that will be tacked on to your final bill.  That is supposed to cover things like the in-room coffee, bottled water, wi-fi internet, etc.  I don't know how that compares to other hotels on The Strip, but it seems expensive to me.The pool is nice.  It is smaller and doesn't have a lot of frills.  Just a rectangular pool with lounges and cocktail service.  Keep in mind that you have to pay extra for the areas with umbrellas that are right in front of the pool.  While the hotel is nice, charging for poolside lounges just gave off that "we are gouging you" vibe.  If you want a more energetic pool area you can go to the MGM Grand's pool area which offers DJ-mixed music.Finally, be prepared to walk if you do not have a car.  It takes 15-20 minutes to walk from the Signature towers to the front door of the MGM Grand.  Or, if you take the back route, about 15 minutes to get to the strip out in front of the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.  These resort/casinos are huge and it will just take a while to traverse their properties.  So if you plan on staying at the Signature but plan on venturing out to other resorts on the Strip, bring some good walking shoes.
4	Enjoy the quieter classier side of Vegas!Booked via Jetsetter and Luxury Suites International.  Unlike some of the previous negative reviewers, I did my research before booking and knew that they were a 3rd party service that did not have on-site housekeeping.  No big deal, if you're not trashing the place or needing things off hours.  And yes, it's "off the strip" about 2 blocks - so yes, it's a little bit of a walk to things on the strip, but really not that much farther than from a room within MGM.  I was curious how far it really was to get to MGM, so I timed it.  5 minutes from the furthest Tower 3 - at a leisurely stroll, using the moving walkways.  Com' on people!!!  (I guess there's a reason lazy America is fighting an obesity problem!)  As another reference, 30 minute walk to the Wynn -- in wedges.  On to the good.... a luxury hotel, indeed!  Fine clean decor.  Quiet clientele (for the most part, guess you can't escape all the rowdy bachelor parties in Vegas).  The rooms are spacious, with nice clean bathrooms (2 sinks!) and a separate shower stall and jacuzzi bath, separate toilet room  (basically the dream bathroom I would put into my house someday).  The beds are super comfy with soft linens.  There's a kitchen area if you want to save some $$ by cooking -- but we're in Vegas, there are so many fabulous places to eat!!  The pool is no frills, but their pool towels are nice and fluffy.  One annoyance is that they reserve the first poolside row of chairs and you have to pay to use them.  But the pool was never packed, plenty of chairs, and wasn't over packed with screaming children (or adults acting like children).  At $150/night, definite score!!
5	My family and I stayed here on 5/2/11-5/6/11 in a junior suite room.  We had planned to upgrade, which i read on yelp, for free but the folks at the front desk said they didnt do that.  Neither did they carry any coupon booklets for specials and discounts but the thing that won me over at this hotel was the nonsmoking anywhere in the hotel.  The Signature is a sister hotel of the MGM grand and is on the same property except its behind the MGM grand and in order to get to the strip you have to walk thru the MGM grand or on E. Flamingo and or E. Tropicana.  I think the best route is thru the MGM grand casino which only takes 5 mins if your walking really fast or 10 mins if your taking your time but let me tell you by the time you've walked up and down the strip the walk back to your room feels like forever.  Especially if your coming back from gambling or partying at 3 in the morning the walk feels like its never going to end lol.     The hotel is made up of three towers which are side by side and i believe staying in tower three would have the best view of the strip.  We stayed on the 31st floor in tower 3 and the view of the strip was all that great but during the day you could see miles in to the surrounding desert.  The temperture was a nice 75 degrees during the day and about 65-70 at night.  The floor we stayed on had a nice breeze but it was still chilly even though it was May already.     The hotel staff seemed dazed and confused for the most part of our stay and although they may have seemed polite not one person smiled.  The valet people were quick and attentive but they too did not break a smile.  I understand the bull shit they probably have to deal with on a daily basis with the assholes of visitors but not everyone is an asshole so a smile wont hurt once in awhile, right?  Keep in mind that my 5 stars for the review is for the nonsmoking hotel but there were a few pet peeves that were present.  The room we stayed in had some pretty disgusting carpet and i didnt want my girls to be walking around on it bare feet so they wore thier shoes or socks.  We are from hawaii and a sign of respect in the islands is to remove your shoes at the door unless your haole then it doesnt matter either way.  On our first day out we came back to the room eight hours later to find our beds still not addressed and nothing cleaned in the room.  Later we found out that one of my girls were messing with some buttons and pressed the do not disturb button so we think thats maybe why the housekeeping didnt come.  We made sure to push the housekeeping button when we left the next day and came back to nice made beds and a clean room.     The other issue we had is no one notified us that towers 1 and 3 were closed after 6pm so you had to go to tower 2 valet.  It was a hassle for us because we had a 3 and 5 year old that were assed out from driving and walking so much so to carry them in to another building 100 yards away was a challenge.  If we were able to go to tower 3 it was only 20 ft away from the entrance to the elevator but i felt that was an inconvinience in our case.  We also had an issue with the fact we couldnt self park although it was nice to have valet we felt like we were always being rushed and having two kids it takes time to get them in and out.  Valet parking is free at every hotel and casino in Vegas so its very convinient and awesome but sometimes you dont wanna deal with the non smiling unhappy valet guys.  So remember if you book here that tower 2 is the best place to stay in because it remains open 24-7 while the other towers 1 and 3 close at 6pm.  Lastly, there was an issue with the gate entrance and you need your room key card to open the gate to get in to all three towers.  Every time we came to the gate and swipe in, but it didnt do anything and we changed the card twice through security and it still didnt work.  They give you a parking card to put on the top of your car dash board and when they see it they open it.          The price we got was through their website so it was pretty reasonable and the location was just right for us, too.  Unlike the MGM Grand there is no casino or gambling at the Signature and there is no smoking.  We chose the signature because we knew after goin in to 5 casino's a day with smoke filled air it was goin to be nice to end the night smoke free and allow our lungs and sinus' to recover.  I highly recommend the Signature for its peaceful and quite atmosphere.  The hotel is kept nice, clean and neat and the grounds and maintenance crew was seen at all hours cleaning 'round the clock.  We hardly saw anyone in the hall ways and there was complete silence around us but not in an eerie kind of way.  If you want to go back to a relaxing hotel after hours in the casino and not on the strip then this is the place for you.  I will continue to stay here in the future and i will recommend it to all my fellow Vegas go'ers.
3	This hotel is located on the backside of the strip behind MGM Grand. Not an ideal location. However, the rooms are decent. Our room had one king, one queen pull out sofa, fridge, countertop stove, tv in the restroom and a nice big jet jacuzzi tub. The three small pools are nothing special. I heard the MGM pool was nice, but it was too much of a hike to get to. Probably would not stay here again.
5	I went May 24th. to May 28th. All I can say is "This Will Be My Place To Go When I Do Vegas" Period! I have been to numerous hotels on the strip this beats them all, including the Bellagio Hotel. It is affordable, classy, & professional. If You Bring your girl or Wife, she will love it...I recommend Tower Two 18th. Floor or Higher The view is awesome at night & at Dawn. The 1 Bedroom Suite is the way to go Plenty of Space, Trust Me. If you want to know more email me @ Nemis7@gmail.com for more particulars.
4	I was very pleased with the quality of this hotel. It was my first time staying at this hotel and I was impressed with its cleanliness. The rooms were perfectly cleaned every day.  There is no casino downstairs so the lobby is much quieter than the 99% of the other hotels on the strip.  It is also non-smoking throughout the Signature property which is also very pleasant. The nightly rate is very reasonable as well. I booked the room directly through the hotel which means that the rooms will be in good shape as opposed to booking it through an agent. My only complaint about this property is its lack of a wet bar in the rooms.  Best hotel for the money on or near the strip hands down.
5	My husband and I are still checked in here at The Signature and I just want to pop in and say how much I LOVE this place. I chose this hotel at the recommendation of a trusted coworker. This was our first trip to Vegas and we stayed at The Signature all week. We ended up staying in a Junior Suite in Tower 1 and it has been the perfect little retreat for my husband and I. I am currently 18 weeks' pregnant and wanted a place that was non-smoking. The Signature is definitely a smoke-free facility and our room smelled fresh upon arrival. If you have a smoker staying with you, many rooms have a balcony where people might be able to sneak in a smoke occasionally.A lot of people have posted complaints about the staff, but I had a completely opposite experience. The valet guys were friendly, the front desk helpful and upgraded our room to a Strip view upon request. I found that if you approach the staff with good manners and a compliment you can usually get what you want from them. We spent our first night on the 5th floor, and after some schmoozing at the desk, I was able to get us upgraded to the penthouse level, in a room with a Strip view for the remainder of our stay.Our first night we ordered room service during their busiest hours and the kitchen messed the order up. They ended up comping us for the whole meal and apologized profusely. We didn't even ask them to comp us. They just offered it.  A couple things I wish I had known about The Signature:We had a decent kitchenette in the Junior Suite, complete with mini-fridge, 2-burner range, microwave, coffee maker and toaster. I found the food around The Strip nasty to eat and so terribly overpriced that I ended up cooking in the room half the time. I am not complaining about the food because let's face it--people don't go to Vegas to eat. As a Foodie, this little kitchenette added a lot of value to our stay at The Signature. It saved us a boatload of money and several stomachaches.  Parking is valet only. Some people don't like this type of service, so it is worth a mention. We used the valet for our Dodge Charger all week with no problems or issues. We made sure to tip the valet a few dollars each time they retrieved our car.Tower 1 is closer to the MGM Grand and is also considered the best of the 3 Towers. However, Tower 3 is closer to The Strip itself and the back entrance is near Planet Hollywood (on the corner of The Strip and East Harmon Ave). Keep your plans for the Strip in mind when you are checking in. It could save your feet in the end. If you are planning to be down at MGM, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, NY/NY then Tower 1 may be your best choice with the shortest walk. If you are planning to spend more time at Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio end of things, Tower 3 may be your best choice. To get to Planet Hollywood, just walk out the back entrance and take a left up East Harmon toward the Strip.All in all I was very pleased with The Signature and would definitely stay here again. The Signature is the perfect little getaway for those who want to experience the quieter side of Vegas, yet still be fairly close to the action.
5	This was our 2nd of many stays to come! We have 11 girls and go every year. We combine the suite with the 1 bedroom suite and it is PERFECT for us! It's a total of 3 HUGE bathrooms, which is perfect for all the girls to get ready in.The balcony views are incredible and we love taking photos with the view before we go out. The kitchens are fully equipped, which is great since we always grocery shop before arriving. This is a great place to feel like royalty for the weekend, and for 2 nights, we each only paid $115 and everyone was able to get a bed to sleep on.
4	We visit The Signature regularly, twice a year since the resort opened its doors.  If you like to get away from the gambling, noise, and smoke of the strip, this place is for you.  The rooms are spacious and beautiful however I noticed the carpet/furniture are showing its age.  Jr. suites offer a kitchenette, 1 bedrooms have a full kitchen. Jr Suite and 1 bed/1 bath are combined to make a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom suite. There's a shared door to secure both suites however because of the lack of security that keeps the door locked, we still lock both room types . I recommend the penthouse floors with a view of the airport. Penthouse really means upper floors, and nothing else. The Sig is connected to the MGM Grand via people movers. Some will say the walk is far however getting around any of the hotels on the strip requires walking. No complaints here. Hint: if you want to hit the strip, head out via valet and exit the resort, make left towards the strip. You are a couple blocks from Miracle Mile Shopping, City Center and Vegas strip.The only complaint occurred during our recent trip. Housekeeping showed up after 5 pm, earlier if we were lucky. Appears housekeeping is under staffed.  Our hotel room had a foul, foul smell in the kitchen...For 3 days, maintenance attempted to clean the drain without much success.  Front desk offered to move us however we were occupying a 2 bedroom/2 bath plus a jr suite on the same floor. It was virtually impossible to move us where we would all be on the same floor. Front desk gave us a free night for our 1 bedroom.  Nice gesture.If it weren't for the foul smelling kitchen and the unreliable housekeeping, the Sig would have gotten their usual 5 stars.The Signature will continue to be my 'go-to' place to stay while vacationing in Vegas!
4	Stayed here for 3 nights end of April with my husband and two girls. We chose this place because it's a non-smoking property, it's not super hip/trendy and it has no casino, yet, MGM Grand's casino, restaurants, grand pool complex and many entertainment venues are easily accessible. We stayed at a clean and comfortable Junior Suite. Would have preferred a 1 Bedroom Suite with 2 full bathrooms for 4 people (2 adults and 2 teenage girls) but we managed to make the 1 bathroom work this time. Definitely not a Four Seasons or Ritz but we were quite pleased with our stay here. And for the value, comfort and convenience, we would absolutely stay here again. We got a room in Tower 1 with a balcony on the 37th floor (one of the penthouse floors) without having to ask for it which is already a plus. Great view of the strip and the City Center. Huge bathroom with a whirlpool tub big enough for two, separate shower, toilet with a door and I just love that there's a small tv in the bathroom (worked out perfectly because I was able to watch the royal wedding while taking a shower). Other room amenities: 300 count linens (could be better), flat screen LCD/HD tv, kitchenette with a nice coffeemaker, blender, toaster, microwave oven, an empty mini (sub zero) refrigerator, (Villeroy and Bach) bone china, (Mikasa) silverware, etc.  Service is good, everyone's friendly. Private heated pools, Starbucks (but only open from 6am to 5pm), a small Deli in Tower 2 (open from 7am to 5pm), The Lounge in Tower 1 for cocktails, 24 hour room service, 24 hour concierge, 24 hour business center, 24 hour fitness center, 24 hour bell staff and valet. Reasonably priced with a $20 a day resort fee (which I believe is for use of Wi-Fi, the fitness center and the business center) and no extra charge for 2 additional guests (unlike other similar properties such as Trump Hotel or Palms Place). My only complaints. (1) Tower 1 was too close to Wet Republic so it gets very loud outside in the valet area and in the lobby area and (2) because of its close proximity to Wet Republic, there were quite a few (young and rowdy at times) hotel guests roaming around in their skimpy swimsuits. Improper resort attire, in my opinion. These kids need to be told to wear their cover-ups, shirts and shoes while walking to and from the pool or Wet Republic. (I'm hoping this is not always the case. Our stay was during spring break after all).
4	My friends and I shared a two-room suite at the Signature during a weekend trip to Vegas.  We stayed two nights, and with a little discreet crowding, the total came out to $83 per person, all told.  We had a pleasant, comfortable stay.Let me start by saying what the Signature is not - it is not a grandiose Vegas hotel.  It's an outpost of the MGM, and it has no casino and no flashy lights, and the pool is modest.  The place is more like a business hotel than anything else, and our suite was lovely, but thin on decor and without too much in the way of overt luxury.  This is not a complaint at all - just be warned that if you want the full glitzy experience, you might want to check elsewhere.Our suite was great.  The bigger room consisted of a bedroom, a living room, and one and a half bathrooms, and the smaller room combined bedroom and living, with only one bathroom.  I was lucky enough to share the bedroom in the bigger suite, and the bed was among the most comfortable I've ever slept in.  Of course, I also had the most refreshing Sprite I've ever sipped on from a vending machine outside the Cosmopolitan, so take that as you will.The bathrooms were very pretty and spacious.  The shower in the master bathroom had the perfect water pressure, and we took advantage of the hot bath to soak sore feet.  The suite even had a kitchenette and a fridge and a cooktop and a microwave and all the utensils and dishes we needed.  My only complaint about the space is that it was set up as two separate rooms with two separate doors, and the only way to make the suite connect was by opening both of those doors and closing a larger one that led to both rooms.  This necessarily partitioned our group more than I would have wanted.I guess a shorter, cuter walk to the MGM would have been nice.  There are some corridors that would make you swear you were in an airport terminal, complete with a man tending a lonely outpost of a wheelie bar.  Otherwise, no problems.  Wireless was free and very much appreciated.  We also got free valet parking.  Our stay went smoothly, and service at all junctures was notably friendly.  I would look into staying at the Signature again.
5	loved it, came in the wrong way. saw the massive line for mgm, then got to the check in for signature...ah started off great.  awesome room for the price.  good service.  O and its always pretty badass seeing travis pastrana base jump off the other signature in front of our room.
5	Love. Love. Love.It's beautiful and the staff is so pleasant and helpful. The rooms are lovely and it was a pleasure to stay here!
3	Mixed feelings about this place. I LOVED the property. The room was amazing and the price is good, but don't forget the $22 per night resort fees. That makes the "free" internet and parking not so free. The service was terrible. Room service forgot to do our room and checkout took 45 minutes - neither the bell desk or front desk answered the phone for over 15 minutes the morning we checked out. One girl at the front desk, and she was not very well trained. If this place had better management it could be a home run.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Signature.  The first time I stayed there I absolutely loved it. The bed is extremely comfortable and the bathroom is a girl's dream come true.  The second stay (a year later), the front desk service was so-so. We were told we had to wait an extra 3 hours before we could check into our room.  The fridge had a bad odor (like old bologna). There's also an issue with their sidewalks, extremely slippery when it rains.  Three of us all slipped from the cab to the lobby since cabs drop you off about 100ft away from the door late at night.
4	Amazing rooms, staff was just OK. Very clean, very new. We rented one of the 1-bedrooms (the largest one they had, I think it was around 950 square feet). We had three people, but judging by the size we could have easily squeezed in another three had we been just a decade younger. Since it is detached from MGM, the walk to get to anywhere of note was painful when inebriated. It's like one big, drunk, stumbling chain of people being stupid. And me moonwalking everywhere. If The Signature was located on the strip, it'd be a five star joint. I like moonwalking, but not for a mile at a time.
4	We just stayed there for 4 nights and it was almost perfect.  We LOVED IT, but as with anything, there are always some downsides.  The "Good"We loved the smoke-free environment.  With a family member who suffers from asthma, this was a nice haven from all the smoke in the casinos.  The one-bedroom suite was fabulous: from the plush king sized bed to the full kitchen, we couldn't have asked for anything more.Valet parking was really fast and always courteous.Front desk staff were polite and friendly.The "Bad"When I called the front desk, at one point, I was on hold at least 10 minutes before talking to a live person. It may have been 15 minutes, but I don't know.  I started surfing the web while I waited.  :(We weren't able to get a late check-out - and an 11am checkout it a bit early.  We only needed maybe another hour, but they were unable to grant it, no matter when I called.  When I first called to ask (the long wait call), they said to call back that morning - and then they apologetically said no when I did.In-Suite dining wasn't worth the money.  It if tasted SUPER, I would be okay with it...but we didn't care for the spinach and artichoke dip.  It wasn't bad; it just wasn't great and for $12, it should taste good, right?The "Ugly"There really isn't anything ugly about The Signature at the MGM Grand.  I just wanted to write that here. HAHA.Couple last notes:There is a $22.40 fee per day - "resort fee" - for the use of the pool, internet, water bottles, etc.  It was clear from our booking, so I didn't think it was that big of a deal.  Plus, we did like the use of the internet and the pool...There is no casino in the towers (The Signature), so if you want a hotel where you can take an elevator down to gamble, this place isn't it.  If you like to smoke, this isn't the place.  You have to sign acknowledgment that it is a smoke-free hotel, meaning you won't smoke on the hotel balconies, either.Final Words...I would most definitely stay here again.  It's a bit of a walk from the strip, but that doesn't bother me.  It's Vegas.  Who doesn't expect to walk in Vegas?  The smoke-free environment is worth it to me.
2	Initially walking into this place I was like alright, this is awesome, no smoke in the air, which gets kinda annoying in Vegas casinos, and it smells soooo good. Wasn't impressed with the front desk, the lady was pretty unhelpful and even though it was my sister's Bachelorette party, she didn't help us out to get our suites moved next to one another. ON top of that, when we went outside to get a cab, one of the guys that worked there told us limos would be cheaper than getting a cab because he said cabs to the Palms  would be 30 each and a limo, $65. Turns out, cabs are like $9 to the Palms.... super annoying. The balcony view was beautiful, the bathtub really big, and the room was clean, but the customer service there was subpar and the suite wasn't that amazing.
3	When organizing a bachelorette party where the group of girls are at different places in their lives, it's difficult to find a hotel that can meet the needs of everyone.  MGM Signature fit the bill for our group.  It was clean and nice enough for us, yet it was affordable as well.  We had a group of 8 girls in a "2-bedroom suite" over the weekend.  I admit, I was VERY skeptical about sharing bathrooms and beds with 7 other girls, but it all turned out very well in the end.  The 2-bedroom suite is actually a 1-bedroom and a junior suite that is connected.  The 1-bedroom has a separate sleeping area and a large full bathroom.  In the living area, there is a half bath (shower) so that was a relief.  3 bathrooms for 8 girls!  The junior suite looked like a regular hotel room with a bed and a sofa.  Both rooms had a queen-sized pull out sofa.  So tally that up.  1 king, 1 queen, 2 queen sofa beds, 2 full baths, 1 half bath.  It also came with a half kitchen and full sized kitchen.  Whenever I travel, I feel unhealthy from eating out so much.  It was nice going off the strip and buying groceries and drinks and being able to eat in our hotel room.  Parking is also free at the MGM Signature.  To self park, it's a pain.  You have to park all the way at MGM and walk over.  Not worth it.  Just valet.  Hotel staff was also great overall.  I think this hotel is a great alternative to places like Paris, Treasure Island, etc. when you have a large group.
4	Another Vegas weekend off the hook!  The Signature at MGM made the stay that much better!!!When planning this weekend, I had to accomodate 7 party people.   This hotel was able to give us a 2bdrm Suite (1=1bdrm suite+Junior Suite) which connected thru a common door from the hallway.  Perfect!!! It had plenty of room for all.  Full Kitchen, I mean FULL, stove, mircrowave, dishwasher and normal size refrigerator.  This allowed us to grocery shop and by booze :)  On top of that we had 3 bathrooms which really helped during that getting ready rush!Our main reason for staying here was to attend Wet Republic.  The only down side was you don't get in free for being a guest.  Fortunately we found a Vegas hook up.I'm completely satisfied and so were all my guest.  We all felt comfortable and enjoyed out stay.  Everyone agreed we would stay again over and over again, so much that we booked an additional night cause we didn't want to leave.
4	The junior signature suite we stayed in was amazing, and if it wasn't such a long walk I'd definitely stay there next time.  It's really inconvenient to walk like 20 minutes back to your room just from the MGM Grand casino itself.  The rooms were awesome though, so if that's not an issue to you then I'd highly recommend it.
4	Highly recommended for a business stay or vacation away from the madness.  Stayed in June at a Junior Suite.  The Signature is awesome.  Kitchenette is great.  Bathrooms are epic.  Jacuzzi tub was outstanding.Used Luxury Suites to reserve and didn't have any problems at all.  Housekeeping was fine, service was great.  I extended my stay with a late checkout (to 6pm) on the final day.  There was some miscommunication - the security gate wasn't alerted to my extended stay - but it wasn't a big deal.Stayed in Tower 1, which was a good choice.  I was there on Tue/Wed nights so the noise from Wet Republic wasn't a problem as it was closed.As far as proximity to the strip it was just fine.  You can walk through the MGM, which yes is a bit of a hike.  But there is also a shortcut through the back from Tower 1.  If you exit Tower 1 out the front you can walk down to the right and exit through the employee vehicle entrance/exit.  From there you go left down Audrie and walk a couple blocks down and then make a right on Rue De Monte Carlo.  Then just walk down and it takes you right out to the strip by the Hard Rock Cafe.  Maybe a 10 minute walk.
5	Great place to stay when you want a break from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. No casino wrench or overly crowded lobbies. Hallways are very quiet so if you're in Vegas partying, be mindful since a lot of families stay here.My family used to have a time share in Tower 3 and the room was spacious with a half kitchen and large living room area. We were able to fit 6 in this room comfortably. The bathrooms in each model are HUGE. I've also stayed at a single room suite here with two bathrooms (one was a half bath), a moderate sized kitchen and a pretty big living/dining space. There were about 8 people sharing this room and everyone had more than enough leg room.The only downfall about staying at the Signature is the desk service, or lack thereof, if you stay at Tower 3 since the desk closes before midnight. Any kind of assistance would be directed to Tower 2, which is not too far of a walk but when you're coming back to the rooms from a night out and lost your key, walking next door is the last thing you really want to do.Overall I love staying here, it's very close to MGM's wet republic day party, and there is an efficient taxi service at each Tower. Really nice staff and safe environment compared to the usual Vegas accommodations.
4	"Vegas, baby, Vegas!""And she's just like this little bunny, who's just kinda cowering in the corner. You know, you got these claws and you're staring at these claws and your thinking to yourself, and with these claws you're thinking, "How am I supposed to kill this bunny, how am I supposed to kill this bunny?" Damn lions love bunnies! MGM is a fun place to stay on the strip. It's affordable and the pool is loads of fun. No need to pay for Wet Republic. Just hang out by the lazy river for free and you'll have more fun. Guaranteed. Besides, there are lots more interesting people to ogle at instead of watching all the drunken Spring Breakers trying to make an impression at Wet Republic.
3	The Signature at the MGM was nice but be prepared for major security. We had 12 in our group and those that did not have a name on one of the reservations could not get thru the front gate. They had to be dropped off or valet the the main entrance of the MGM and then make the 15 min walk back thru the hotel to the signature towers. The Sig towers are however very close to the pool and food options in the MGM. The place was built as condos so the rooms all have kitchens or kitchenettes which was really nice. Its always good to have somewhere to store the booze, redbull and the occasional water. The Starbucks was super close to the room too which is always a plus.I probably wouldn't stay here again but only because I prefer to be closer to the action. If you are looking for a slightly more relaxing trip to vegas then this is the place for you.
4	Stayed here last weekend and have to say it was perfect for our group. The walk to the main MGM pool is all in doors and rather quick, room service prompt, maid service above and beyond even folding clothing. All equipped with refrigerators and microwaves.  Most likely wouldn't stay there again because I prefer Encore, mandarin oriental, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio or Wynn BUT it was perfect for our group of 6 girls in the 2bd suite.
5	Best place for a chill time in Vegas - its away from the crazies.Here you can control the noise and the traffic.  The rooms are very well appointed.  Attention to detail is impeccable.  We stayed in a one room family suite.  The room has two bathrooms each with a shower and the master bath has a whirlpool tub.  The master bath has his and hers sinks, a tv and washer/dryer.I love this place.  I will stay here again.
5	Awesome value for a roomy, quiet, secure place on the strip!   Stay in Tower 1 and you are just steps away from Starbucks and a 5 minute indoor walk to the MGM casino, pools and of course the 24-hr McDonald's (SCORE!).  The  valet/taxi area is separate from the regular MGM, so there is hardly ever a wait for cabs...  Talk about convenient!Our group of 8 booked two suites connected by a private foyer and got a sweet deal through VRBO... It worked out to be cheaper than the actual casino hotels and much more spacious.  Each suite was outfitted with a king bed and queen sleeper sofa.  The larger suite had two full baths, a separate bedroom, a full kitchen (w/ dishwasher), breakfast area, and large balcony overlooking the pool.  The smaller suite was more like a studio with one huge bathroom and kitchenette.  For our group, it was the perfect set-up.  Beds were super comfy and even the sleeper sofas were not half bad!I would highly recommend making MGM Signature your home base for a great Las Vegas experience, especially if you're traveling in a group!
3	First of all I want to thank my friend's aunt for a paid trip for our birthdays in Vegas!! The Signature is a great getaway from all the smoking, casino gameplay and crazy people.Walking into our Junior Suite was exciting! Didn't know what to expect.Pros:-Gated community, felt like I was entering to get into a mansion.-Awesome kitchen, but didn't have food to cook with :(-Bedroom has a cool tv that rises upward from its stand!-HUGE bathroom with a jacuzzi...didn't get to use it though.-Props to the person at the front desk at 3am one drunk night who helped me find my exact room number I was in because I forgot!!-Just plain classy!Cons:-Not too fond of the view from the patio. Saw the airport and lots of empty space. No view of the Strip :(-Takes a little longer than usual to come back to the hotel by foot because it's a bit off the Strip. Good thing I didn't get run over by cars on my way back.
4	If you're willing to sacrifice the convenience of staying right on the strip in exchange for larger apartment-like accomodations, you will find this place to be a good value (check VRBO for the best deals!). A few notes*Best perk was having our own dedicated cab/valet. The main MGM one is a cluster-F and a nightmare so this is a huge perk.*Gated security was a huge pain and awful to deal with. Adding another car mid-stay created lots of headaches. Staff was terrible. Overall I feel really damn safe in my Vegas hotel rooms, I don't need a stupid guard gated entrance with jerk security to protect me. *Yup it's a 10 minute walk to the MGM. The thing is, the MGM is already huge and a big PIA to get around, so I didn't find these rooms any more inconvenient than the regular MGM rooms. If anything, these seemed a bit closer to the food court/pool than the regular ones. *Great Starbucks downstairs. Line was never that long, and prices weren't bad. *Try to stay in Tower 1 if you can - it's the closest tower to the main MGM building and shortens your walk quite a bit. *Sofa beds were pretty awful - standard sofa bed comfort. Something to keep in mind. If you do a 2 bdr that "sleeps 8", 4 of you will be on sofa beds. Probably no big deal if it's kids, but sucks for adults.
5	This was great! We arrived before the normal check-in and our room wasn't ready. Rather than have us wait, they upgraded us to a suite at no additional charge. Sweet!! The suite was terrific, clean and stylish. The bed was sooooo comfy! There's pool access for Signature dwellers so you don't have to worry about trekking all the way through the MGM casino in your bikini.The Signature is tucked away behind the traditional MGM, but they're connected to you can easily walk from the Signature lobby through the MGM and directly onto the Strip.  But the parking/valet entrance is around the corner from the main road, so you don't have to sit in Strip traffic or wind your way around people walking through intersections when you arrive or when you leave.  It's the best of both worlds!I would definitely stay here again :)
5	I had the good fortune of staying at The Signature once with a beautiful lady. It was an amazing stay, and I will definitely return. We arrived before the official check-in time. First of all, the place is valet-only. When the guy ran over to my car, he was polite, quick, and very friendly. It was the beginning of awesome service. I had called prior to that asking them if I could check in, and they said they might be able to accommodate me. Once we got there, they upgraded us from the regular suite to a 1-bedroom unit. It was a super nice of them to do, and I really appreciated it. Our unit, on one of the higher floors, was gorgeous. It was very modern and clean-looking, without being all techno and space-y. The main bathroom (yup! there were two!) was huge and had a huge shower, tub, and was probably bigger than my entire bedroom at home. I loved the time I spent there, and have not one complaint. When we checked out, the lady who checked us as out was the nicest... for serious. She checked us out in a minute, and even asked if we needed to print to boarding passes or anything like that for us. M'lady needed her boarding pass, so it was a nice little touch that really makes you appreciate the place more. In regards to the property, it's really nice. There are three towers, all of them connected to each other and to the MGM Grand. There's a walkway that takes you from the MGM Grand to the Signature, but it's not IMMEDIATELY right there. It's more of a 5-minute walk or so, which is great. It's the perfect distance from one place to the other. You're close to all the action, but far enough away to enjoy all the tranquility you want. There's a restaurant in one of the towers' lobby that serves quick food. I met a friend of mine there for a quick bite, and it was kinda pricey: I paid almost $40 for two breakfasts. I believe we had two orange juices, two sandwiches, and I bought a snack for later. Not that the food wasn't good, but it just seemed like too much. All in all, I loved this place. The service was great, the accommodations were top notch, and the location was excellent. What more could one ask for!?
3	If it's your first time to Vegas, I wouldn't recommend this place as it doesn't have gaming.. Lobby pretty boring. Took shuttle from airport, arrived in 10 minutes. -We were able to get early check in, which was really nice. Only waited about 10 minutes to check in , as many people were checking out at the time. There are 3 towers, we were in tower 1. The lobby isn't anything to write home about. The room we got was a junior suite, first impression, Rug looked filthy. Second impression where the hell is that noise coming from?/ Looked out the window (3rd) impression OMG make sure I do not even think I get into the Wet Republic Pool... hundreds of people in it with no where to go (PEE-POOL with alot of drunks). - I did manage to squeeze in a facial at the MGM SPA which was Nice, but still not overly impressed. - - I guess the good thing is that there was a microwave, but considering we didn't have any snacks it didn't really matter. Bed was comfortable. - Nice but the Not GREAT.
4	The good:- Luxurious, spacious accommodations, tastefully decorated. I went 2 weekends in a row with groups of 8 and 11; we brought a few air mattresses to our 1-bedroom suite and had enough space for everyone. 2 bathrooms, too!- Each unit has a full kitchenette. Ice maker, too! - Small, but nice, jacuzzi in the 1-bedroom suite- Balconies with fantastic views- I didn't think it was any less convenient to get to the strip than other hotels (Ever stayed at the Palazzo?) because you don't have to walk through a million hallways or a casino. You just walk through the connecting hallway to MGM, or out on the street, right next to Planet Hollywood. Hooters for 25 cent wings is across the street, and a 24-hour McDonalds is nearby in MGM.- Convenience store in Tower 1. Vending machines with toiletries, too.- Short hallways; the ice maker or elevator is always a few steps away.- When the bell desk and valet parking IS open, the service is wonderful. Extremely helpful bell staff who won't let you touch any of your things and will get it to your room right away. The bad:- Bell desk takes forever to answer phones, at any time of day.- Lobbies in 2 out of 3 towers close after midnight, so you have to go to another tower to check in. Also, if you want to go out late at night, cabs can't get through the gate and rarely stop by this sleepy hotel, so you have to either go to the open tower or call from your cell phone to get a cab.- High security, and they'll give you a hard time for more than one car coming in.- If you book through a deal site, you have to call that company (and aren't told this until check in), because MGM's housekeeping won't do anything for you. No extra towels, room cleaning, anything. Unless you wait for the cart to come around and steal towels. That's also more fun. - Valet parking only, and parking runs out QUICK in their small lot. Everyone else has to park in MGM and walk over.- The site we booked with advertised washer/dryer in unit. The first weekend, we had one, the second, it was locked up. We were told that "some owners chose not to let them be used" and we weren't even allowed to do laundry downstairs, unless we were there for 7 days. 3.5 stars, rounded up. Overall, I really enjoyed our stay despite the minor inconveniences, and would stay again.
5	Nice! My wife has a new favorite. Our room in tower 3 was VERY quiet and relaxing. The bed very comfortable. The Jr Suite is perfect for two people. Staff is very polite and helpful.More expensive than the typical Las Vegas rooms but well worth it!
5	We came with a group of friends and stayed at this hotel. There was a total of 12 of us, we had four rooms between all of us. The boyfriend and I stayed in the one bedroom suite. One of our friends stayed on the pull out sofa bed in the living room. If you have people staying in the living room, the full second bathroom in the front area is great. The bedroom was spacious and the bathroom was even more spacious. Four people could get ready at the same time, if needed in that one bathroom. I definitely used the jacuzzi tub and realized that I was taking 30 minute showers because I was watching tv at the same time. Whoops.The bed was the most COMFORTABLE bed I've ever slept in. I was wishing I could take it back home with us. We had a view of the pools from the balcony and our room. The blackout curtains worked wonders...at one point my boyfriend thought it was nighttime, when it was really noon.The full kitchen is nice. Sink, dishwasher, full sized fridge...too bad we didn't drive so we could stock up on Costco sized drinks. It's a quiet hotel, especially since it's not a casino hotel. It is a bit of a walk to the MGM. There is a seperate pool for this hotel, but you can go to MGM's pools as well. Starbucks is on the main level of the hotel. The staff is friendly and efficient. When they first opened, they were pricy. But now with The Wynn, Encore, Aria and Cosmopolitan open...they have competitive prices. I stay here everytime I come now, you definitely get more for your money.
5	I love this hotel. It's clean and relaxing. I love that the rooms are all like suites...being able to close off that outside door to the hallway is a big plus in being able to sleep in past 8! It was great having the individual pools by each tower. The lazy river is great, but it gets so over crowded especially by little ones. Personally, I like the distance between the towers and the MGM casino. It's nice to get in a bit of a walk to offset stuffing your face with good food and booze!
1	While shopping around numerous places, The Signature was the only 1 that claimed they were able to house all 8 of us within our budget Reservations told me, they have a Suite that had 2 bedrooms & large living room: room #1 had 2 queen bed & 1 pull out bed, room #2 has 1 king size bed & 1 pull out bed & large living room area between the 2 room It also came with a full kitchen & an extra bathroom in the living room They also told me to go to their website to look at the photo video, which I did & it looked nice It was for $1150 for 3 day & 2 night I called back later on, just to double check what I was told & reservation confirmed it with me that I took down everything correctAfter discussing with my friends, we came to conclusion that, that was what we wanted Again, I called reservations again & they told me the same thing This time, they even offered me a 10% discount for having AAA. Even better!So its finally Friday, we were early, so we left our luggage with the bell hop. He was very nice, helped us right away and store our luggage away We returned back around 3 pm to check in, the process was nice & quick Excited I headed towards the suite, open the door, only to find, that it WASN'T what was on the photos & as described. It only has 2 bedrooms 2 separate living rooms each bedroom had only 1 bed & 1 pull out couchA bit puzzled, I ran down stairs to ask the front desk for help, I went back to the same person who checked me in And this time, he was a bit rude to me, he said that was what I booked & what I wanted, there isn't anything he can do for me & sent me awayI went back to the hotel room, just a bit upset. I told my friends, they were just all a bit upset as well But as I sat there, just replaying what I was told by reservation, again & again, it didn't make sense to me I decided to call front desk again, demanded for someone to fix matters for meNow is when it goes super downhill, they pretty much transferred me around, I believe among each other so I would give up But I didn't!! They made me explain my situation again, again & again Non-stop One of them told me that if I was not happy with the room, I can cancel it, but I will be charged the cancellation fee Another told me that they don't offer roll out beds, but they will have to charge me for the extra people I have in my room That I originally ask about, that they said was fine to have 8 people in one suite. This other one told me they can give me $100 food & beverage credit Another told me to just book another room with them, & just that night itself it was going to be $350+FINALLY! They send me to their Front Desk Manager her name is Valarie, she had me explain my whole situation to her again No surprised there She tells me, she is sorry, & asked what she can do. I ask her what she can do for me. She said if I want, I can just leave, & she will cancel my stay. She will also do me a favor by waiving my cancellation fee. That's the only solution she offered me... Really?!Seriously, that was the last straw for me. I just lost it, I told her I was going to stay, I don't have time to go looking for another hotel in the middle of the day. I even booked a bungalow at the pool area. I know, at this point I was possibly the worst customer to deal with But giving me the run around doesn't give them the excuse to push me out I am sorry, but they did this to me, they bought the angry me to themselves I don't want to have to break the bad news to my friends by telling them to sleep on the floor or have them pay more to stay in a different room Along the line of discussing with her, she told me that my stay was going to be free. That totally caught me off guard, I wasn't expecting that at all, whatsoever. A bit confused I asked again so my stay here will be free? Saying this loud enough that friends could hear me And she said YES.  She told me yes, suddenly I was bit relief. After thanking her, we hung upI thought to myself wow The Signature is really good at taking care of their customers, sadly it is only when the customer is able to lost it. Then the bf decided to hop onto Yelp & saw that most of their complaints was about customer services & the front desk about how they are NOT helpful at all. I felt a bit uneasy, so I gave them a call again. Asked for Valarie directly, I asked her again about this whole ordeal about my stay being free. And you know what?! She said NO, I didn't say that!! OMFG! Right? RIGHT?! I repeated to her again what we talked about. She didn't say anything to me & automatically tossed in another 10% off She also casually mentioned that she will see if she can get our bungalow with $100 food & beverages comp which didn't happen. I didn't know what to say anymore. I was done fightingI just settled and folded. The hotel stay was around $758 But I don't know, I didn't leave a happy camper. For sure I will not go back & if anyone ask about where to stay in Vegas I will be sure to let them know where NOT to stay.
5	Eight reasons to stay at The Signature:1. The Signature rooms are condos. Because of that, in the 1-bedroom units anyway, the master bedroom has closets, the bathroom is huge (with giant whirlpool tub & separate glass enclosed shower), you have a nice sized living room (with fold out couch) with its own bathroom/shower, and a full-sized, fully functioning kitchen (not that we're cooking up a storm when we go to Vegas). 2. The 1-bedroom suite is HUGE (close to 900 sq ft).3. The entire hotel is NON-SMOKING. 4. You walk in and the front desk and elevators are RIGHT THERE. No schlepping through miles and miles of smoky casino.5. The towers have their own pools;6. their own private gyms (with like 15 cardio, 15 Cybex machines, and free weights);7. and their own Starbucks. 8. The Signature is part of the MGM, so you have access (through a short, 1 minute walkway) to their 4 pools and the lazy river. If you like a larger, more luxurious room, you like breathing air and not smoke, you like quiet and privacy - but you want full access to everything the MGM has to offer - stay at The Signature. You'll love it.
4	This was a great place to stay for our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids). A perfect condo type hotel located just 1 block from the strip. It was nice to stay at somewhere quiet and smoke-free, yet just a short walk to all the hustle and bustle. It was nice having a choice of the laid back Signature pools or going to the MGM pools and lazy river. If we wanted to eat out, there were plenty of choices in the MGM. We loved Diegos. We ate there 2 times and had their Sangria 4 days in a row!We stayed 2 nights in a junior suite without a balcony. It was nice and we had a great view of the strip. The bathroom was very large with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower.  While we did want to have a kitchen, we didn't like how it was situated right in the center of the room. There wasn't storage space for all of our non refrigerated items, so they had to be kept out on the counter, which cluttered the room. Not a huge deal though.We did end up upgrading to a 1 bedroom suite for the last 2 nights. What a difference! We loved our room. We had a balcony overlooking the MGM pools and Wet Republic. There was 1 bathroom with a shower and a huge bathroom in the bedroom.  This room had a "full" kitchen with a regular size sub-zero fridge and oven... It was a huge help being able to go to the grocery store and stock up on food for all of us. It saved us money and time. When the kids were too tired to go out to eat, all we had to do was cook something easy for them in the room. We were able to eat healthier also.There is an Albertsons just up Tropicana over the 15 freeway. You will see it on your left hand side. It might be 10 minutes or so away. There is also an In-n-Out up Tropicana also just as you pass over the 15. It's on the right hand side. Much more space to store things, as well as tons of space in the suite to store bags, clothing, etc..One night we had 5 adults and 8 kids over and we had plenty of room. There is even a washer/dryer in the unit.. The kids loved the t.v. that slides up from inside the desk in the master bedroom. We will definitely stay here whenever we come into town with our kids.
4	A getaway spot in Vegas, who knew?I came to spend a few days in Vegas, but was looking for a place to chill as well as have fun.  The Signature had it all.  Located just outside of the MGM Grand casino property it was the best of both worlds.  The room was amazing and had everything you could ask for. I found myself lounging most of the morning (after hitting Starbucks in Tower 1 where I stayed) and the going out in the late afternoon and evenings.  This place is just my style and I will definitely be back.  The staff and service was excellent.  I locked myself out of my room one day and security came in under 15 minutes.  Kudos to the Signature...I love you just the way you are!
4	Pretty nice hotel....A bit far from the strip...but it was FAST for taxi rides...didnt need to get stuck in traffic...The rooms are AMAZING!!! the junior suite fit all 7 of us...with 3 on the bed, 3 on the pull out bed and 2 on an air mattress.
4	Stay here, you'll be glad you did! Seperate hotel entrance from MGM (off of Harmon) very nice staff, extremely clean room, kitchen, huge bathrooms, get to use Signature pools and MGM pools, non gaming , non smoking,  balconys, large jacuzzi tub - this place rocks.
4	One of my more favorite places to stay in Vegas cause you seem to get a lot of bang for your buck. Stayed in a one bedroom suite with a balcony for Sunday-Wednesday at an average of like $140 a night which was awesome. The room was super big, however I think the main bedroom and bathroom were a little too big which left the living room portion and rest of the suite feeling a little cramped. Nice bonus that the sofa was a queen size pull out, however, with that they will not bring another bed up if you request because they feel like that is perfect for 4 people. It was really nice also that they let us check in saturday night (we were Supposed to check in sunday for sunday Night, so they pretty much comp'd us saturday night which was  sweet bonus).  The kitchen was really nice and a complete kitchen with a large fridge, freezer, dish washer, oven with stove top, and full tablewareIt is also really nice to have your own check in there and not have to check in through the regular part of the MGM because those lines get pretty damn long, but you still get to use everything of the regular MGM such as their pools, clubs, everything which is really nice. You get a special way to get to the pool which is just as long as going through the whole signature and MGM to the pool. Kinda stupid but oh well, it does help a lot getting into wet republic though as you only have to walk like 300 feetOnly downsides that kept me from giving it 5 stars were:In our 4 nights there, the maids only came once which was a pain as far as getting new towels but it worked outLike said earlier, the walk to the main MGM pool area is a long pain in the rear and I felt like to walk anywhere in the MGM was stupidly long, but at least I got a workout I guessIt is also a pain getting taxis sometimes as they don't normally line up at the signature like they do at other hotelsOverall though, I would stay there again
4	Best place to stay if you want MGM. This tower has no gaming, and is smoke free! It's not exactly the Ritz but it has a different crowd and is close enough to the MGM action but allows for a peaceful sleep and R n R.
4	it's a huge hotel in conjunction with MGM Grand but a lot quieter than MGM Grand so that you can really sleep well which is very important for tourist.
4	Awesome spot to stay while in Vegas. Rooms are spacious with great amenities including a fridge stocked with bottled water. The tower pools are quiet and not as crazy as the big resort pools. The front desk could have been more efficient, but otherwise I would definitely stay again
3	Stayed here through an Ideeli promotion. The exterior is blah, with the obvious focus on the interior and fashionable accessories. The room was very nice, complete with common suite amenities. Check in took a bit longer, the room was being cleaned. So when they say 3pm check in ...its pretty accurate. The valet's are pretty demanding about the tip, even though valet is mandatory. The walk is pretty rugged especially if you plan on drinking.
5	If you're in Vegas and looking to stay somewhere quiet, classy and smoke free at a reasonable price, this luxurious haven right near the strip is definitely for you.  Having the private Signature pools plus easy access to the MGM mega-pool is a super bonus.  This is not the best place to stay if you're in Vegas for a skanky bachelorette party but if you're here on business or with a family, it is perfect.  Close enough to see the insanity, far away enough to avoid getting swept up in it.
3	The boyfriend and I came here for 5 days as his 21st birthday celebration, a treat from his relatives who owns one of the penthouses. I was impressed with the room and what it came with: 2 full bathrooms, one with a jacuzzi and tv and has a section that is catered to everything a woman needs. Great quality in the soap and other amenities which is very great.I like how this is a place that is a getaway from a getaway - you're in Vegas but you're separated from the bustling noise if you are trying to get some rest. It's great that the monorail is connected to the MGM as a stop and that there is a tunnel/walkway which connects the Signature with the actual casino, granted that its a good 5 minute walk from tower 2...Now that I've sang the praises...here is what I didn't like about them.1) water - some of the complimentary water bottles we got tasted like someone infused fragrance in them. Like the lotion or shampoo or something. It was funky and gross.2) room service - breakfast was great but one night we decided to get some pasta. Bad. Idea. Absolutely the most disgusting meal I have ever had. First of all, I was asked how many people would be dining with me and I said it would be two. They only brought one set of cutlery.3) Wi-Fi - very spotty connection, then again we were on the 33rd floor...Anyway, I would stay away in the future.
1	WOW.  I've been to Vegas many times and I have never had such worse service in my life.  Vegas is a place of vacation, fun and partying! The service must always be at top notch!I have read other comments here before posting this one so I do agree with some people.  The guard gate at the front is a nice tool, the rooms are clean but the tv/technology, not so much.  Valet guys were very professional as well.  Front desk and Mgmt:  Horriffic.Well, here we wo go:  We arrived there from LA (thursday) at about 12am.  We checked in and thought everything was going to be smooth sailing.  Not so much.  The girl at the front desk gave us the wrong tower to we had to walk back to the front desk to find our right tower.  long walks after being in a car few a few hours driving to Vegas is not what we were looking forward too!  She apologized and gave us the right direction so then we were back on our way.  We finally get to our room and the room is INCORRECT.  We clearly rsvp'd a 2 bedroom suite and she had given us a 1 bedroom suite.  I quickly called the front desk from the room and they plainly said, "Sorry we are all our of 2 bedroom suites.  So I asked her what she could do for us?  Our reservation clearly said 2 BEDROOMS and they knew it.  She said there was nothing we could do cause they were all booked up and that if we didn't want to stay there we could go somewhere else!  REALLY?  Those are our options?  Who wants to go looking for a new hotel at 1am????  I was trying to see if any of there other hotels under their same parent company (MGM) could help us since they SCREWED us but she said they couldn't.   I was flabbergasted.  I asked for a manager and they said the "managers" were all busy.  And that they would call us back when they had time.  I asked approximately how long it would take because we were all going to go out clubbing soon, she said, in a very rude voice, "they will call you back when they call you back!"  So we went to the front desk and spoke to one of the managers.  He said they didn't have 2 bedrooms suites in the hotel but only 1 bedroom suites, he said 1 bedroom is the largest they had.   ROFL, I'fve stayed there once before a couple years back and I know they have 2 bedroom suite because I got them before!  I just looked at the guy and told him to enjoy his night working and walked off to the Cab with my friends.Needless to say our lodging was terrible at the Signature MGM and their customer service was a joke.  I even asked if she could at least send up a cot because of their fault and she said they would have to charge us $100.  LMFAO.  When we needed more towels the next day, we had to call and "off-site" number which happened to have a busy tone EVERY time we called.Then, we were scheduled to stay Thursday to Sunday but they only had us Thurs til Saturday!   WE DIDNT KNOW THIS.  SO Saturday morning comes around, we have been out til 8am, 12pm comes a call from the front desk asking when we would be checking out?  I saidm unless Vegas has really torn me up, I'm pretty sure today is Saturday!  The girl on the phone said we were only booked til Saturday NOT Sunday.  I clearly have a online receipt that sayd we paid and were booked til Sunday.  She said in her computer she had us til Saturday and we needed to vacate the room immediately because someone was downstairs "Waiting for our room".  This was the last straw... I seriously thought I was on some Vegas hidden camera tv show.  Working on 2 hours of sleep I woke up my friends and told them.  SHITSHOW it was.  So we got up, taking showers, when the phone starts ringing off the hook and their Hotel people are knocking loudly on our door.  I swear we answered that phone and door at least 5 times telling them we were on our way but needed 30 min to get our stuff together and get out!  Last call we got as we were about 5 min ready to leave, someone from the hotel called and said the Police were on their way.  This is all in a span of about 45 min MAX.  I asked the guy on the phone if he was serious?  And he said he was!  HAHAHAHAHA.  What a joke.  If went from horriffic customer service to now threatening  the customer.  So there it is.  Don't stay there, EVER.  To the people I know and read this, it was probably my worst experience staying at a hotel in Vegas.However, Tao on Thurs was great, Surrender on Friday was amazing and Marquis on Saturday was phenomenal.  Cheers!Don't ever stay at this hotel.  Someone should be fired if not the whole Mgmt and front desk staff.
4	We enjoyed our stay at the Signature.  I didn't feel like the walk was a big deal at all.  My wife and I travel to Vegas twice a year for a trade show so we try and stay in non gaming hotels whenever possible.  It's great to get dropped off by your taxi a few steps from the elevator and not having to snake through slot machines for your morning coffee.  The room was spacious and the balcony was great.  The bed was really comfortable and everything was clean and nice.  The pools are okay.  They weren't ridiculous Vegas pools.  There were probably a few more kids than usual but there was also no dj or hordes of douche bags so I would say that was a wash.  I also liked having two smaller pools over one large pool.  We try and stay at a different hotel every time but as one of the shows is in February and we are from Ohio, the balcony may help us to break that trend.
3	I arrived at the hotel around 9am on Sunday, and despite their check-in time of 3pm, they accommodated my early arrival. I left my phone number with the front desk and wandered around the shops and the MGM Grand for about an hour before they gave me a "penthouse" suite on the 33rd floor, in the tower that I requested, since I had friends staying there as well. I say "penthouse" because it's not actually nicer than any of the other suites. My friend's room was on the 3rd floor and was exactly the same as mine, but our room was marked penthouse probably because it had a great view of the strip and the whole city.It's a very clean hotel with an indoor walkway to the other towers and to the MGM Grand, and tastefully decorated.The reason I am giving it 3 stars instead of 5 is because of the valet service. They don't allow self-parking there - you have to self-park at MGM and walk all the way through both hotels, which is about a 10-15 minute walk. However, that 10-15 minute walk is faster than the wait to get your vehicle. I originally thought it was really cool that I could call down to the valet desk to request my vehicle before I left my room so that it would be ready when I got down there, but no one ever actually picks up the phone at the valet desk, so the call gets transferred to the front desk, which is also a particularly long wait (longest I've ever experienced to speak to the front desk at a hotel). So the first time I called, I waited on hold for probably 10-15 minutes before I gave up and headed down to the lobby. There I waited another 15-20 minutes, and after having asked me for a description of my vehicle twice, I finally got it. The second time I tried calling the valet desk, and was informed (by the front desk) that valet was not taking requests due to availalibility. Not quite sure what the point is, then. The other times, I went straight downstairs and waited probably 15-20 minutes each time.My final time at the valet, I specifically asked if it was going to be a long wait. The runner informed me that it would be 5 minutes. I mentioned that every time I used the valet it took 15 minutes. His response? "Okay." Um, what? What kind of customer service is that? But wait... it gets better.The lady sitting on the next bench over was FUMING because they had essentially lost her vehicle (aka spent an HOUR looking for it while her two small children and mother (?) waited in the heat). They finally found it and tried to explain to her that it was because they had the wrong description for the vehicle. Shouldn't have mattered - there are assigned ticket numbers for a reason. When they finally found it, instead of apologizing, they just kept making excuses. The hotel itself was great, but their customer service could use a LOT of work.
5	My new favorite place to stay.My wife and I go to Vegas once or twice a year. We always try to stay somewhere different each time but we will be staying here every time for know on. The bed is sooo compfortable. It smells good everywhere, the staff is very friendly and the rooms are beyond awsome. The only thing that would make it nicer is if they got rid of the elevator music at the pool
4	This was a great stay, great price for a great room.  We checked in at the airport kiosk, which was very fast.  We were able to book the shuttle rides to and from the airport at the kiosk as well as get a high floor suite with a balcony.  We stayed in Tower 3, which is the furthest from the MGM Grand and the strip, but I had no complaints about it.  Even though it was a walk to and from our room each day, I didn't mind it.  For those that complain about it, there are moving walkways they can use if they don't want to actually walk.  It is a longer walk if you walk from the towers to the MGM Grand but it is safer at night.  During the day, it is much faster if you walk out of the tower onto East Harmon Avenue, it takes you to the block with Planet Hollywood, it saves a lot of walking and time, but I would not suggest it at night.  Our room was a great size, the bathroom was HUGE.  I loved the double sinks and all the space to move around when getting dressed.  The beds are very comfortable, the minute I laid down I was out like a baby.  It was great having the kitchenette, we were able to buy inexpensive snacks and water from CVS and store them in the fridge along with our leftovers.  It was great having a balcony, it just sucked that it was so cold at night that we couldn't really enjoy the view of the strip or have breakfast on the balcony in the morning.The only thing I really didn't like was that there is no one at the front desk in Tower 3 after 11PM, if you need help with anything you need to go to the other towers.  My husband loved our stay here and he wants this to be our usual hotel in Vegas.  It is a nice quiet hotel.
4	Pros:Very beautiful property.Tower 3 is the best location as it is closest to the MGM and the MGM pool.Complete Mini Kitchen, awesome bathroom with a jacuzi tub, and comfortable bed.Helpful and friendly staff.Cons:House keeping was a bit of an annoyance as they kept nocking on our door on one of the days even though we had the do not disturb button pressed.The room service food wasnt that great for the price.
4	Most of the time when I go to Vegas I stay here. Why you might ask? I'm completely in love with the rooms and the impeccable service. You still have access to the main hotel and MGM Casino. If a huge group is going we'll get a one bedroom suite with a connecting junior suite. Full kitchen in the one bedroom and two bathrooms is super convenient. We had a bad experience with the cabbie that picked us up from the airport and the bell man brought us a 36-pack of beer. You rock guys!Worth every penny!
4	I love this place. Yeah it's pretty far south of the strip, but hey its close to the airport! I love how its separated from the MGM Grand. You have its quietness, and it seems more classy/upscale. The big negative is the long corridor walk that connects the Signature to the MGM Grand. After a late night of partying, you feel like you are doing the walk of shame. They do provide the moving runways but it doesn't help much.The suites are clean, and spacious. I really like this place....of course it helps that I'm not paying an arm and a leg when i stay here since I have a friend whose parents have a timeshare of a 2-room suite.
3	I love staying at the signature even tho it's pretty far away from the strip and the trek to the MGM is pretty long. The service was great too! But the last time we stayed there the rooms did live up to what I remembered =/ One, the light fixtures in the kitchen was broken. Two, the bed wasn't as comfortable as I remembered. Three, I think there was bed bugs because when we woke up in the morning we had a couple of bites. And four, the something was wrong with the door it kept getting stuck when we open it. I know it is now considered an "older" hotel, but you still need to update.
2	Don't get me wrong my room was nice but it isn't the best I've had in Vegas. The upside to getting a room at The Signature @ MGM grand is that it is quieter than staying in any of the rooms at MGM. It's more private... the Signature suites have 3 different towers and they have their own valet & private entrances. It's nice if you want something low key and avoid the craziness in front of MGM. These rooms would be a really great option for families or if you have kids with you ...not really bothered with smoke.  Suite was spacious enough and kitchen & living room area are cool. You have option of bath or shower. Bed is okay. My main complaint is that it was a 20min walk to casino floor. Not a good idea if you are drinking/partying and need to make that walk back to rooms. I had rather stayed in the MGM rooms and not deal with the mission to get to my room. To make matters worse we stayed in the last tower...not good. We were with a large group but they were staying @ MGM so we had to meet others on Main floor each time...it was a hassle. If everyone is staying at Signature maybe it would be a different story...that way everybody could get cab in private valet area...that would be awesome and faster than taxi line in front of MGM. The lobby's were the nicest part of the hotel rooms were good but not amazing.  Like I said for low key folks or families this would be a great choice but not so much for me. Sorry MGM :( that walk back and forth killed me !!!
5	My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel MDW 2011. We booked it through Sotuhwest vacations, which gave us a great deal on it!. Stayed at Tower 3, which is yes the farthest from the MGM Grand but you're just walking off the calories you picked up in food or alcohol. You can request Tower 1.The room - We stayed in a Junior suit. It has a king bed, roll out couch (which my friend said was very comfortable), kitchenette (so useful for making breakfast!), refrigerator, 2 safes, a phone and a tv in the bathroom, sitting area, and many more amenities.The service - It was great! With house keeping everything got delivered within 10 minutes, and in abundance of what you ask. They really did go beyond to make you comfortable. When getting a cab, the valet gets them for you and there might be one of two parties before you depending on the time of the day. During the dinner rush and night time, you might have to wait around 10 minutes. When getting back, the valet always opens the door for you and even offers bottled water to you. We didn't use the front desk much, but I'm sure they give exceptional service as well.The pool- Being girls in our twenties we didn't come to Vegas to relax or the quiet. We only went to the MGM Grand pool. One day we went to Wet Republic (which is a review on its own) that is a 21+ pool. Another day we hung out at the Grand pool. We got there around 1 p.m.on a Saturday and no chairs were available, GET THERE EARLY ON A WEEKEND! After finding somewhere to put our stuff down, we went in the lazy river. What a great concept, everyone seemed to really love it. It was full of 20 something traveling along with their (our) alcohol. I didn't go into the actual pools, but they seemed to be packed with activity as well.There is a 20$ a day fee charge, but you get WIFI and use of all pools in the hotels with that.Overall this hotel is wonderful, and is a close cab ride away from everything else.
5	We stayed here again for another medical convention.  The prices were great.  The room was big, bed comfy and hotel was quiet.  The pool was just big enough and the construction around the hotel had ended.  The service were received when we needed it was GREAT. Oh and I didn't use any glass wear this time...see below.
3	I've been staying at The Signature since before all three towers were completed. For me, it was the ideal place to stay in Vegas. Since I'm usually there for work, the fact that there is no casino, no smoking, and no mile long walk to the elevators is a big plus. The chic rooms (some with balconies), kitchens, and a Starbucks made it my first choice. Unfortunately, I feel that it's lost a lot of it's luster. On my most recent stay, my room featured nicked and stained walls in the entry way, cockeyed lampshades and a coffee cup from the cabinet with a chunk of something on it. When the bellman brought the bags up, he had something close to a tantrum when I told him that half the bags were going to my friend's room on another floor, and after telling me that this was the handiwork of a specific desk agent, he stood and waited while I called my friend to ask her room number. The food at the Starbucks and Delights restaurant have taken a turn for the common (in my opinion). Gone are the bagel and lox sandwich and the smoked salmon pizza. Instead, my breakfast at Delights this morning was given to me in a plastic container. My biggest frustration comes from the closing of the driveway/lobby etc of towers one and three after a certain hour at night (I think it must be about 10 pm). Clearly a cost cutting move I find it very inconvenient, and though I would expect it in Des Moines, I wouldn't in a 24 hour city like Vegas.  Lastly, on this visit the "voluptuous" fragrance piped into the lobby  was so extra strong this time, I could taste it while we were checking in.  The balance of the staff at The Signature is always pleasant and professional, but there has definitely been an overall change not necessarily for the best.
5	This place is great. Bright, Clean, young, Service is fab... Love this place and will go back for sure. Defo a resort for the younger crowd thats up for partying, hanging out, drinking, and having lots of fun! The meandering river / pool is defo worth a day... Buckets of beer (5) are $35 + tax and tip, but are so worth it, when youre having so much fun, who can put a price on that. If I go back to Vegas, I will stay here again. Its worth the LONG LONG walk to the strip :)I've also stayed at the Venetian, which also calls for a 5 star, but, I think the MGM has the grander pool, which gives this place the edge...
5	I visited Las Vegas last year in September for a week (sorry I'm JUST reviewing it but here goes). I LOVE THIS HOTEL! It's a non-gaming hotel but you have access to the MGM casino from the towers so that was fine with me. The hotel smells like roses (FRESH). The decor was modern and very pristine and beautiful. The lobby restroom even had linen towels.  The rooms (we had a junior suite) are spacious and the bathroom won me over with the jacuzzi and large shower. I loved the his and her sinks (2 TVs in the bathroom) and that the toilet was in it's own separate area. The beds were plush and very comfortable and the linen smelled like the same fragrance of the lobby. The room turn down service was great, complimentary robes, and even a safe to keep your valuables. Our view of the strip was very nice (we were on the 22d floor). I even like that when we checked in, since the holiday was over, they offered to upgrade our room. When I return, I will definitely be staying there again.
4	Oh no! Yelp just informed me I didn't write a review for The Signature yet!We love the Signature. We've stayed there twice in the last few years and would stay there again in a heartbeat.Pros:Beautiful rooms with comfy beds and wonderful soaking tubs. There's even a mini-kitchen complete with cooking utensils and real glasses.The atmosphere is unbeatable; quiet & relaxed with a friendly and very helpful staff. It's a non-gambling, non-smoking facility, but it's connected to the MGM by an indoor tunnel/walkway. It's about a 10 minute walk, but you get access to the fun/trendy MGM pools as well as the swankier Signature pools.Valet parking/private entrances. You don't get into the Signature unless you're a guest or event attendee. There's gates at the entrances and a key-card entrance to the tunnel/walkway.Cons:It's a little pricey, but a much better deal than other nice hotels on the strip, including the Wynn which is similarly appointed but about $100-$150 more per night.It IS a 10 minute walk to the casino. Which is OK during the day, but a little hazardous at 2am when you're totally smashed and just want to go to bed (or at noon when you're totally smashed on your way back from the pool (sangria served poolside) and you fall and skin your knee).Not much in the way of food here, a nice pizza/sandwich place by the pool and a snack bar, but most everything else is out in MGM.
2	While the hotel was beautiful, we had a suite on the top floor with a full kitchen and separate bedroom, the service was very poor. Myself and the three other guest in our room were young and dressed quite casually an it was apparent from the moment we checked in that we were unwelcome. Despite us renting one of their most expensive suites, myself and friends felt an unmistakable coldness from the front desk. A few of the bell hops were extremely polite and conversational. The lead bell hop however was extremely rude, and we tipped him 5 Dollars after parking our car. He seemed displeased with our tip and expected more, because when he picked up our luggage at check out he had a sullen look on his face ad left our cart, heavy with bags, sitting in front  of the hotel for me and my mother to push to our car ourselves!      Also we were suppose to receive 50 dollars in drink credits at the hotel which we were not explained about or informed of until check out. At which point we were already irritated by the awful service and complained until the desk obliged us with 1 HOUR to spend the credit. So kind...      In conclusion while this hotel is lovely, the staff only treats those guests that dress wealthy and tip heavily in advanced with the customer service a room that costs 350 a night deserve. If you want to be treated well and enjoy your Vegas experience at a luxury hotel, don't go here. No one likes to pay high prices to be treated like they are at Circus Circus.
4	Overall, our family had a very pleasant stay. Our 1 bedroom suite was spotless and full of luxury amenities. The kids loved the tv that magically appeared out of the bedroom desktop! My husband and I enjoyed the quiet room and view of the strip.Now to the downsides. From Tower 3, it was only a 5-6 minute walk to the fun hotel river pool, but a nearly 20 minute walk through the hotel to the strip! We had to rent a stroller ($10/day) to push the kids when they tired out. To save ourselves the walk, we tried the tower 3 pool one afternoon. While the pool itself was fine, the only shade around it came at a premium--$50 for a lounge chair positioned under an umbrella! Now we understood why everyone was sitting in the sun, even on a 110 degree day. Needless to say, we didn't stay very long. A complaint to the front desk manager yielded a "I didnt know that was our policy but will look into it" response.The second downside was that the wifi didn't work in the room, even after a technician rebooted the router. I received a rebate of one days "resort fee" ($20) for this inconvenience, moderately acceptable.The final downside was incredible slow bellman service at checkout. After waiting nearly 40 minutes, we brought our luggage down ourselves. On the plus side , the valet service was great- friendly and efficient.So overall, good value, but watch out for the nickel and diming that is inherent to Vegas
4	This is going to be long, so bear with me.I've stayed here twice ...once in Nov 2008 and again in spring 2009.  Both times we arrived before the check in time and were checked in without a problem.  I booked a 2 bedroom suite for my boyfriend and two of our friends on our Nov 08.  The 2 bedroom suite was amazing! It's a 1 bedroom suite & deluxe suite next to each other.  Both require key entry, but the double doors in the foyer (with a door bell) close, allowing you to keep both of your doors open.  We went grocery shopping before we checked in. Housekeeping was quick and pleasant.  We needed door stops and had them within 15 minutes of our call.  Room service was quick as well, with our order in our room in about 30 minutes.The 1 bedroom features a full kitchen, which saved us so much money on food and drinks!  We usually spent a couple hours after each night out unwinding with some snacks and a drink before heading to bed.  If you stay in a deluxe suite, avoid getting too many frozen items since you only get a mini fridge.  In fact, try to keep all frozen/refrigerated items to a minimum.  The wifi worked wonderfully both times we stayed.  I actually lost my phone in the casino the second time we stayed, so having the wifi came in handy in going online to notify my service provider.The bedrooms are so nice.  The tv comes up out of the desk which is pretty cool, although we never actually watched the tv.  I did take advantage of the tv in the bathroom while I got ready.  The beds were super comfy, and everyone got a kick out of the plush white robes in the closets.  I went to sleep early one night while everyone stayed up in the front room, and I could hardly hear them.  In fact, we never heard anyone in any of the rooms around us either, even when we were in the hallways.  The only reason I knew people were on the same floor as us were their dirty dishes from room service in the hall.The bathrooms are great! From the tvs, to the double sinks, to the soaking dub, separate shower, and enclose toilet.  It was all so nice.  Getting ready was never an issue, my boyfriend and I were out of each others way even when my girl friend came over and was getting ready in there with us.  The bathroom in the deluxe suite is just as nice.  A bit smaller, but much larger than your standard hotel bathroom.  It was still enough room for 2 people to get ready without bumping into each other.The second time we stayed, we only stayed in a deluxe suite in early 2009.   I actually gave the wrong card and it got declined at check in, and the clerk discreetly wrote down the remaining balance due and quietly explained my card didn't work.  She stayed just as friendly and her demeanor never changed.  I've done this at other hotels *cough*Luxor*cough* and was given a bit of attitude and the decline was made obvious to others checking in around us.If you're a smoker, be prepared to walk a ways to be able to smoke.  That being said, we would make our smoking trips few and far between, or wait until we got to the casino.  We would go to the front of the tower across the driveway where they had ashtrays.  Of course it feels like a long walk when you've been drinking, but I TOTALLY understand why they keep the smokers far from the entrance.  If I'm a nonsmoker and show up at a nonsmoking hotel, the last thing I want to smell is cigarette smoke.My husband (was the boyfriend who went with me on both trips) and I are going tomorrow for our honeymoon.  We're staying 4 nights in a deluxe suite.  I'm interested in seeing what our stay is like this time around since it's been a while since we've stayed there, and I've read a few reviews stating the quality has dipped.  I'm going to let them know we're staying for our honeymoon and request a balcony, and see if they give us one, since I didn't want to spend the extra $20 to guarantee a balcony.  We used the stay 3 nights get the 4th night free offer, so I'm curious to see how that works out too.
3	We had excellent, professional service, and a clean and comfortable room. It definitely feels a bit more dated than some of the other boutique hotels like Palm's Place, but still very nice. It is a pretty decent walk to actually get to the strip as you first need to travel between the various Signature towers, through the main hotel, and then finally through the casino; but really, at 4 am the walk is a breeze.
5	The MGM Signature is one of the quieter hotels located just off the strip & conveniently located via a very long indoor walkway to MGM Grand.   We were in a junior suite for our 5 night stay.  Rooms are generously appointed with a jacuzzi tub, separate shower, a small kitchenette, bathrobes, balcony, and a pull-out sofa bed.   A coffee maker, toaster, blender, and microwave also come with the kitchenette & there is a phone and a television in the bathroom.  There are 3 pools, a waterfall jacuzzi, a private adults only area, an exercise room.  Room service is available 24 hours per day, albeit pricey.  A cheeseburger was $17, plus tax, service charge & delivery fee.  Other food options are dismal unless you take a 10 minute hike to MGM's food court.Service at this property is excellent, check in took less than 5 minutes, which is great based on other Yelp reviews of near-by properties.  We were here for a conference & some other attendees stayed at the near-by Planet Hollywood.  Guests of that property were disappointed with the hotel & wished that they had booked here for the extra $20.  I did see the rooms at Planet Hollywood and they looked cheap compared to the Signature.  Details in our room were not over-looked.  Beautiful artwork, including an exquisite glass vase on a glass shelf (over the bar area) granite countertops, ample storage, 3 mirrors, including a lighted make-up mirror, and ample lighting (most on dimmer switches) and plenty of storage!  I especially loved the separate door for the toilet in the bathroom, huge shower, double sinks, a quiet AC that actually kept the room near artic temp and instant on hot water!  Beds and linens were nice, although this property is on the bedbug registry.  :(I was a bit dismayed that there was no mattress cover, just a sheet on the mattress!  The only complaint?  No furniture or anything to sit on on the huge balcony overlooking the stunning Vegas lights.  Although there was a small dining room table with clunky heavy chairs!This place was a perfect getaway from the usually noisy busyness of the strip.  After a long day of walking, site seeing & mind boggling in-your-face "entertainment" it was a peaceful retreat where subtle details and gracious, nonintrusive service are expertly maintained.  Definitely the nicest hotel I have stayed in my frequent travels this year, albeit the only staycation in Vegas in 15.A word about Vegas... Huge disappointment!  The resort fees (including this one) are ridiculous and Vegas has definitely turned into something worse.  It will be a long time before I come back, for it is almost cheaper to take a European cruise.  So, I am off back to the Mediterrean next time - to see the real Eiffel Tower, Venice, Trevi Fountain, & the Pyriamids.
4	I've only ever been to Vegas twice considering I've only recently turned 21. That being said, My first stay was at MGM Grand in the main casino.. So when booking The Signatures, I wasn't sure about the walking distance, quality, convenience, etc. Price - There were 5 people staying in our room for 2 nights, so it turned out to be 60 dollars a person. Not a bad deal for the suite that you get and the nice view we got(Strip View)Location - The Signatures was not hard to find at all. It's literally on the other side of the same block the MGM is on. It's very easy to find because you just enter from the MGM grand and there are signs that lead you to The Signatures. Once you get their, there's a security guard that will ask for the name under your reservation. He'll give you a parking pass, and then tell you what tower your in. Once again, there are signs to direct you to which towers. Super simple. My group stayed in Tower 3 which was the closet to the entrance ( But slightly further away from the casino). Checking in was a breeze, and the guy who helped us was extremely nice. Distance from casino floor - I was afraid that it'd be super far.. since I read some reviews here saying it was a mile away or a 15 minute walk... But it only took us 5 minutes to walk to the actual casino(and i was in heels as well as we stayed at furthest tower) They have those escalator things(like at the airport) through the hall that make the walk faster, as well as all the towers are connected to each other. So never did we ever have to actually step outside of our hotel to reach the Casino Floor. amazing!Needless to say, I was very very satisfied, and I plan on coming back here. It was great for the price, room service was quick ( never more than 10 minutes) great view, and were right off the strip.
4	Our stay at Signature was great! We showed up around 1:30, and got checked in without a problem.  Got our deluxe suite with a balcony facing the strip! I did mention to the front desk that it was our honeymoon, and word got out...the guy who brought up our luggage congratulated us, as did the guy who brought up our lunch!  Our room was clean, wifi worked just fine, and we didn't run into ANY problems.  Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's looking to get alot for their money.
3	I'm not sure why this hotel has a 4 star rating?  My husband booked this hotel for us during the I heart radio music festival .    It is connected to MGM so very convenient location for the festival.  After reading reviews prior to our arrival, I was expecting a nice upscale hotel.  Truthfully, it's a very "average" hotel for sleeping only.  Most of the reviews I read are from younger folks in big groups for bach parties.  This hotel would be perfect for that.  Rooms are large with sleeper sofas.  It's clean and tidy but nothing exceptional.  Bathrooms are nice with large shower and separate tub.  It is nice that it's non smoking, but as soon as you cross through the door to MGM you get all smokey anyway!   You must go walk to MGM to experience any sort of entertainment: restaurants, shows, pool, shopping, etc., but everything at MGM is so subpar compared to the rest of Vegas.  The walk was not as bad as I expected- maybe 5 mins tops, def doable in heels, and they have a small bar set up along the way to keep your hands full.   The pools were completely shaded and didn't look like much fun, so we didn't visit.  We did notice more children than usual in Vegas for the short amount of time we spent walking from Signature to MGM.  All-in-all most of my gripes are about MGM so I'll go review them!  Signature certainly met our needs for the weekend, but we are spoiled to Encore!!
4	I recent stayed at the Signature for a bachelorette party. We had 2 deluxe suite rooms right next to eachother some 20+ floors up. We got this amazing deal on gilt jetsetter and paid like $150 a night for 2 nights on a fri / sat including taxes. I didn't spend a ton of time in the room but I was sober when i arrived so i do remember it. I actually really liked it and will likely stay there next time. We also got free wet republic tickets as part of our package so that helped tooPlus--Layout of the room is spacious and they set up furniture well to maximize the 550 sq ft-King bed with nice linens, we fit three comfortably (women)-Pull out couch. less comfy but not as bad as you'd imagine, two can fit-Whirlpool spa tub is pretty big, i would know bc i slept in it (not on purpose obviously). I didn't wake up the next day with any pain so if you also are too drunk to make it to the bed, not to worry the Jacuzzi awaits-View was nice, we could see a good portion of the strip-Kitchen has a coffee maker, blender (Helpful!), fridge, utensils and kitchenette, plenty of glasses (also necessary). Basically everything to make drinks and save yourself with coffee and toast the next morning-The bathroom has two sinks and the toilet in a separate door so for the women who all pile into the bathroom there is another mirror by the door so 4 of you can get ready at once (enough outlets as well)-Pretty quiet overall compared to the rest of the strip which was nice-Everything was very clean and looked new which is surprising given the amount of partying that goes onThe only thing i really didn't like about this place is that it is a bit of a hike to the main MGM hotel or to the strip. We got cabs pretty quickly bc they do come around but a relatively hefty fare to get to the other side of the strip for 10 people. Also cafe in the lobby not that great.
4	We stayed at The Signature for the first part of our September Vegas trip and I don't think we could have chosen a better place for relaxing. From check-in until check-out the service was wonderful.There was only one real drawback to this hotel; the lack on patio furniture. It is really a shame that they have such a wonderful feature, and yet, no seating! There was quick and easy access to the casino. I was fearful at first, some reviews made it sound like it would take 15 minutes! The reality was about 5 minutes, in heels no less!
4	Now, I've stayed at the Bellagio and the Wynn, not to brag, but the Signature is quite luxurious...I stayed for a HR Technology conference recently and was very pleased.  I had high expectations and I wasn't disappointed.  The valet was excellent, great service.  I was concerned that I would have to wait forever for my car, but since I stayed in Tower 3, it wasn't as busy as Tower 2.  They were very courteous.  And there's no self-parking.During check-in, the front desk was also polite and sent my bags (yes, I had chackies and shopping...) very quickly.My room, on one of the penthouse floors was beautiful.  A junior studio suite, I had everything I needed, a kitchenette (well, I don't cook), but a fridge/freezer, big worktable, sofa and coffee table, large king size bed, stand-in shower, soaking jacuzzi tub (which I used, loved it) and a TV in the bathroom too.  Who knew that fun in watching TV while brushing your teeth or enjoying the jacuzzi.I loved the fitness center.  Outfitted with treadmills, bikes, these complex elliptical cycles (didn't like them), nautilus weights, free weights, headphones, iced towels and green apples (yum), it was a dream for workout junkies like me.  I used the fitness center daily, 24 hour access with your card key.Food is expensive in the Signature, be warned.  You're better off eating outside of Las Vegas hotels.  To connect to MGM, you walk through a series of interconnected corridors.  You never have to walk outside, especially if it's very hot or raining.There is a pool, but I didn't have enough time to check it out.Checkin is a strict 3pm and a strict 11am checkout.There's a mandatory $20 resort fee which covers the "free" wireless internet, access to fitness center and free daily bottled water.  Sneaky, but unavoidable.If another business trip brings me to Las Vegas, this is the first place I will consider for accommodations.  The perfect experience for someone who wants to enjoy Vegas, but off the strip.  It's quieter, no casinos and NO smoking on the premises!
5	First Class FunWe don't gamble, or drink (alcohol), or do wild parties. Our hotel room even looks as neat when we leave as when we check in. That is, in most respects we are the antithesis of the Vegas strip target audience. So how do we have fun here? With ease.We stayed on the 24th floor of The Signature. That gave us a breathtaking balcony view overlooking the Strip, the new City Center, and the surrounding valley. Once again the service was terrific with an exceptional staff. Rooms in The Signature are luxurious and very comfortable. The bathroom is large enough to fit a rollaway bed if one were so inclined. It has a large glass enclosed shower, a double size whirlpool tub, double sinks, and separate room for the toilet.The living area has a king bed, very nice kitchenette, and a comfortable living room area. Joined by family with several grandchildren, we were all able to enjoy a good lunch together here in our Vegas oasis between outings. After a fun visit to Madame Tussauds and lunch back in our Signature room, we headed off to the pool. Unfortunately, the big MGM pool complex with its lazy river was just temporarily closed due to a chlorine leak. So instead we went to the sister property Mandalay Bay and swam in their sand beach pool. This new experience was also great. The Mandalay Bay pool has a wave maker and its own very nice lazy river. I taught the grandchildren how to body surf and we had a great time.
4	If you've stayed at the MGM, you know that they also have the Signature hotel which has luxury style rooms and a more relaxed ambiance.  The Signature has three separate towers.  The rooms are quite nice and have junior suites or full suites.  The usual amenities are included as are a few extras.  For those that enjoy being away from the action and a more relaxed atmosphere, this place is great.  If you prefer the noise and crazyness of Vegas however, you may want to look elsewhere for a place to stay.
4	I actually really enjoyed staying in this hotel! Most of the time, I hate hotels (luxurious or not), usually because I just can't stop thinking about all the dirtiness that takes place on the beds. Surprisingly, I didn't feel that way when I walked into this hotel, even though I'm sure that bed was probably the dirtiest of the dirty beds I've ever stayed in. The bed was cozy. The bathroom was big enough for FIVE girls to get ready in. The bathtub was even pretty fun, which I tried out one drunken evening. Overall, it was quite relaxing!The most fun I had in Vegas was at the MGM pool(s). They were awesome! **note: this does not include wet republic** All the waitresses were friendly, perhaps because I tend to tip well after drinking. Regardless, I enjoyed their prompt service. My only complaint is the distance the casino is from the hotel. I understand this is completely separate, but it was SO out of the way. To get to the pool was such a trek, and to get to the casino, get food, etc was just a hassle. Standing on those damn escalator things for 20 minutes trying to get to your room after a long night just sucked. I would still definitely stay here again. it's decently priced too. Just stay here! :)
4	I enjoyed my stay here and the service was great. The only drawback is the long walks through the MGM or off the strip to get to Tower 3. Aside from that I recommend trying this place out.
4	This hotel's decor is modern and chic. The room was spacious and comfortable with a king bed, kitchenette, pull-out couch.  It also had a balcony with an amazing view of the strip, city center, etc. The bathroom was huge with a separate shower and whirlpool tub, double sink and a separate toilet. It is more secluded and quiet compared to the other hotels on the strip. This was also a drawback, as it took about 15 to 20 minutes just to walk all the way to the casino floor of MGM Grand from the Signature towers. I wouldn't mind staying here again though. It was a good value.
4	Just spent the weekend at the MGM Grand Signature and was pretty impressed. When I booked the room I wasn't aware I booked via "Luxury Suites International" instead of the signature itself. I normally wouldn't care as long as the room was nice, but we encountered some "snags." 1. At McCarron airport the Signature has a hotel check-in counter near baggage claim. I thought, "great, let's take care of this at the airport and we can head directly to our room." While my man friend waited for my luggage, I proceeded to the counter. The individual working the front desk was not very friendly and told me I couldn't check into my room because it was dirty. Dirty?!?! Our flight arrived at 6PM and check-in is 3PM. The room should be ready. Whatever, left the counter pretty perturbed, but just wanted to get to the hotel.2. When we arrived at the hotel for check-in, we were greeted by a tasteful lobby and fortunately didn't have to wait too long. I gave my name and info and the staff tells me my reservation was cancelled by Luxury Suites. Huh? The room was paid for in advance. The staff, a nice gentleman, called Luxury Suites and promptly corrected the problem. Apparently someone checked in earlier in the day (before me) and they gave them my room without having another junior suite available. No worries, they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite (w/ balcony) facing the strip. Nice.Sorry if it sounds like complaining too much and you might be curious as to why I still gave the Signature 4 stars, well here are the reasons:1. Entire facility is non-smoking. Big plus. Even in the fancy casinos, you can't escape the smell of smoke. 2. Room was beautiful. Clean and well decorated. It was also great having a full kitchen in the room. Saved a little moola by buying breakfast items and making breakfast a few times during our stay.3. Proximity to the Strip, BUT walking can be a pain. The Signature has a walkway to the MGM Grand, but if you want to access the Strip it takes an eternity to walk back. If you stay here, I definitely recommend a car (we rented) or taking taxis to and from.4. Pool is very nice, but another complaint (sorry). The weather was beautiful on Monday (10/31), but since it was considered "off-peak" the pool closed at 4PM. I think that was a little absurd. The pool should have some reasonable hours until the weather cools down.5. The hotel consists of 3 separate towers. The hallways are not miles long. Once you get off the elevator, your room is close by. I've been to come casinos where you walk for days looking for your room.6. Valet is included in your (required) resort fee. 7. Mostly adults stay here. I'm not a child hater,  but it's nice not hearing screaming children in the lobby or by the pool.Overall, a very nice stay. Would definitely stay here again, but question if I would book through Luxury Suites Int'l.
4	I'm probably part of the group of outliers who prefer to stay in a hotel sans clubs, casinos, pool parties and restaurants.  Which is probably why there aren't that many alternatives on the Strip for our type.  One can argue that to experience Vegas you do need to be surrounded by the cacophony of the casino floor: slot machines, excited gamblers at the crap tables, and faux and gaudy decoration; it's always easier to get the hookups to get to the right clubs if you stay in the same hotel as the concierge can help you out (especially if you're a woman); being in the same hotel as the Zagat-rated restaurant that you have a reservation at has its perks and benefits; and, most importantly for me, it's nice to not have to walk so far to get to the shops.I get it. But maybe I've been to Vegas too many times (hence a sensory overload) or I've just grown old and cranky - I'm actually welcoming the peace and quiet afforded by places such as Thehotel (Mandalay Bay) and the Signature Suites.  It's like we have the ability to opt out of the crazies or to join in - and that's just awesome. Our room was spacious, the amenities were new and modern and the king-sized bed was oh so comfortable.  And the two things that made us love the Signature even more: (1) the longest that we ever had to wait for a cab was 2 mins - I guess the plus of staying in a hotel which offers no restaurants / casinos / clubs is the fact that you don't have to compete with non-guests for a cab; (2) for the most part the driver of the cab that we took avoided the strip and took the back road to go to the other casinos - priceless during a weekend as busy as the halloween just past!
3	The hotel really is nice, but for the money?  I'd rather stay somewhere else.I'd echo everything Lidia G. said, her review was spot on.  Rooms are clean and spacious, jacuzzi tub was nice in the room (and a separate shower if you're not into the bath thing), and a little kitchen area was a nice feature.Lobby was also nice and the service was friendly, but be warned, the walk to the main casino is a bit of a trek.  But, if you're not into the MGM and want to check out the other hotels, its great that you've got your own private entrance with valet (we never had to wait more than a few minutes for our car).But as I said, for the price you can do nicer.  We also had to pay a $20 a day amenity fee.  Maybe I haven't noticed this at other hotels, but I thought that was "a cheap shot" by the hotel.  It was to cover things like the paper, internet in the room, etc.  Whatever, just give that to me in the price then and don't tell me you're nickel-and-diming me.
4	Once you get a good idea of the layout, this hotel is nice. The different towers and couple of walkways and hallways through a couple of doors and boom you still have a journey through the MGM. Have staying at the MGM before you already know your in for a good walk so what's the big deal for a little more walking. I like that's it's a non-smoking hotel and they do have designated smoking areas for us "social" smokers. I think this hotel is about as good as it can get and stacks up there with the other places in its class. Extra points for the separate lobbies to check-in. Avoiding the MGM lobby during a fight weekend is the best.
1	Let me start with a clarification - there are three management companies that service the MGM Signature Suites. If you book via the MGM itself, I think you will be fine....but what ever you do, don't book a unit managed by BlueChip Vegas. We arrived late on Nov 8th, dropped our luggage and went out. Returned late and crashed. All night I tossed and turned, annoyed by the rock hardness of the bed and the musty odor in the room. Every time I fell asleep the pain in my hip from the bed would wake me. Finally at dawn I piled pillows on top of the quilt and slept on them. In the morning I tossed back the covers - not only was the side I had been sleeping on a literal hollow - the sheets were STAINED and torn! It looked like someone had been killed in that bed. The carpet was filthy, stained and smelly. The entire room smelled of mold or mildew. It was a huge hassle to contact BlueChip Vegas to get relocated into a better room, as the MGM staff was unable to assist us. There is no way to contact BlueChip other than by phone. I am waiting to hear back from them before I file a complaint with AmEX.
4	For a strip on the Vegas, this hotel is boring, but I'm rating it as a hotel, so it gets 4 stars. It's very clean and has a nice view, but that's about it. I didn't pay for it, so I don't know how much it costed, so you can rate that on your own time. It gets the job done, but I'd rather be in a more exciting hotel.
1	I just finished my Thanksgiving stay at the 'MGM Signature' staying from Thursday 11/25 until Monday 11/29.  I booked via 'Jetsetter' and found the not very comfortable and or clean.  Upon entering I found that the glass table top area around the edges which support the glass top about 1 inch was very dirty.  The area contained food particles, hair, hair pins, clothing needles and dust particles. Since I booked my stay with a third party I couldn't go through the hotel and had to call another number to take care of this.  Once the cleaning crew came-in all of the particles was on the carpet which was vacuumed, but not very well even two-days later some particles were still there, showing that they didn't vacuum over the next several day.I also needed more glasses and again since I booked via 'Jetsetter' it took 24-hours just to accomplish this.  In addition, the bed was very hard and uncomforable.  Coupled with the feather pillows there was no support for my neck or any give in the bed allowing my body to rest.  I also had to ask for more soap since the cleaning crew would only leave me with one bar for two people.When I check-in to a hotel I only want a few simple things.  A comfortable, bed, a clean room and a staff which responds to their customers request/needs.I won't be back to the 'MGM Signature' and I won't book a room via 'Jetsetter' again.
3	My friend booked his room here for a business trip he was attending and I came along for the ride. He was on the UP 38th floor. The view was breathtaking. I expected a little more for it to be a Upper Penthouse suite but it did have a nice set up. When I first got there the cable had to be re-set so we waited about 1/2 for the engineer. Other than that the spa tub is amazing I accidentally didn't wait to fill it all the way and water got everywhere then I accidentally put too many bubbles it was so much fun though. It came with a fully stocked kitchen and my favorite... Wine glasses and a wine opener. I was good times...The reason for the 3 stars is when I was checking out I checked out by phone and the girl said my card didn't go through. I was thinking how could that be?? Anyways come to find out she did it backwards. There should be a certain level of competence established before implying a guests card didn't go through. So that kind of turned me off but for the most part I would probably stay here again for the cost and the convenience.
5	Loved it.  Never really needed to leave.  Rooms and bathrooms were very clean.  Customer service was great! great lounges.  I recommend you visit The Japanese resteraunt, centerfuge Lounge and Tabu is fun too.  Oh..and best of all.......there is a Starbucks in the hotel!  Yeayeah!
2	So originally I got a special deal via travelzoo for $512.92 including resort fees and taxes in July for a 3-night stay at the Signature in October. Oh and did I mention, it was a penthouse suite? Well I ended up cancelling my reservation and booked another deal (I KNOW, I KNOW. BAD CHOICE) for the same nights but no PH...for about $530... the only difference is (besides no PH and the minor increase in price) was that it was a fashion outlets shopping package. I don't even remember exactly what was in the package except I do remember there was some neiman marcus gc if you spent this much $. Which is lame 'cause it's basically a coupon. And some other lame shenanigans... totally regret cancelling the PH and booking this deal 'cause I didn't even use the shopping package... The Signature is located a little off the strip but honestly, it's not as far as you think it is. The walking distance to MGM itself, is about 20 minutes through the hotel... so that's the only downside if you hate walking far in Vegas. But it's a pretty exclusive, non-smoking hotel. No casino so if you wanna gamble, walk on over to MGM or take a cab to Harrah's or wherever you'd like. The hotel itself is nice and well maintained, but once checking into our room, it was no bueno... it reeked of chlorine as if they JUST cleaned the room. And the small sofa in front of the bed was WET/DAMP from god knows what. The view was shitty and the room was stuffy. I decided to complain about it and I was hoping maybe they'd have a PH suite available but no luck; we just switched rooms with a better view of the strip instead of the...desert.  Our new room was definitely better scented, not stuffy, had a better view... but our TV was on. And there was no way to turn it off. The remote for the TV didn't work. The button for the TV didn't work. I was like.. WOW. Is there something wrong with EVERY room?? I decided to call the front desk to have someone repair the TV instead of complaining and changing rooms, again. Since it's really not a big deal... but c'mon, we're PAYING to stay in a nice hotel, the least you could do, is accommodate us with what we need and a nice room to stay in. Not have us change rooms, or have us call the front desk for problems. But of course, $hit happens. And it is what it is. Got the TV fixed, tipped the guy 2 bucks and decided to finally enjoy the room to ourselves... My experience wasn't HORRIBLE as some yelpers had gone through... but it has definitely made me think twice about staying here the next time I come to Vegas. Probably won't stay here again... It was my first time in Vegas since I turned 21, too! So I wanted it to start out AMAZING. But it's all gooood. Lesson learned. NEVER CANCEL YOUR PH SUITE BOOKING. But then again, problems could occur like double bookings, or your room isn't ready, etc etc. Gotta expect the worst but hope for the best =P The good thing about my 3 night stay there was that overall, it wasn't bad. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was big. And the little balcony area was nice too. 2/5 stars for The Signature. Sorry, wished I could have liked it more.
2	Got a deal through Jetsetter so it was $75 total including resort fee (the "we can charge this fee because we can and everyone else does it" fee) and taxes. Wifi is included. Very nice place overall, and pleasantly one block off-strip. Nice jacuzzi tub and the whole room is well-equipped for a long stay, furnished with all suite accouterments (blender, toaster, microwave, stove, cookware, etc). Only real complaint may seem petty but it was enough to put me off: I am 99% certain something (of $1 value) was taken from the car while in valet (it is valet only). I had just come from a wild night of bingo and I left two dobbers (bingo instruments) prominently in the cup holder. When I dropped the car off, the valet guy looked at me funny because I didn't tip him (I assumed it was alright to tip only when picking up the car, not both when picking up and dropping off...and I'm just a student). I didn't think anything of it, and the next morning one of two dobbers was missing. The other was just where we left it. We checked everywhere. Everywhere. The GPS, in the glove box, was untouched, but I'm almost certain he took his tip in the form of a $1 dobber. Not something to call the police over (or even the management), but I'm almost certain of what happened, and it's pretty uncool if true. One other annoyance: the property is actually a residential hotel, some units of which are leased by their owners and managed by Jet Luxury (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-luxury-at-the-signature-mgm-las-vegas). So odds are good if you rent a room, you're actually renting from them. This means that when you need stuff (e.g. toiletries) you need to go through them (they give you a thorough explanation at check-in). Tissue and toilet paper was low quality considering the vintage of hotel. Bed and shower were great. TV had HD cable which was nice. Hotel charges for printing.
5	We just returned from staying here for the Christmas holiday. Loved it!  There is honestly nothing negative I can say about this place. We had a one-bedroom suite.  Beautiful.  Very spacious.  Tons of closet and drawer space all throughout the suite.  The bedroom is a good size.  The main bathroom is beautiful and very large. It has a huge jacuzzi tub, large separate shower, separate toilet area.  Flat screen TV. The bedroom has a large hidden flat screen TV inside the desk in front of the bed.  You press power on the remote and the TV rises up from inside the desk.  Pretty cool.  There is a full, gourmet kitchen.  Every utensil you will need, is there.  Blender, small coffee maker, pots, pans, serving dishes, silverware, drink pitchers, juice glasses, wine glasses...EVERYTHING!  Housekeeping washes all of your dishes everyday.  Which is really nice.In the main area is a 4 seater, glass dining table and a breakfast bar with two barstools.  There is a full second bathroom with a large shower.  Then in the main seating area there is a large couch that lets out into a bed and a chaise lounge chair.  There is also a good sized balcony.When you arrive to The Signature you must first report to a guard outside the gate. He will look up your name and find out which of the 3 towers you have been assigned to stay. Then he will let you through the very large security gates.  We stayed in Tower 3 which is the furthest tower from MGM.  There is a long walking corridor that connects all 3 towers and eventually leads into the main casino of MGM.  I didn't mind the walk but several people in my group complained and wished we had stayed in Tower 1, which is the closest tower to MGM.  Each tower has their own lobby and registration and are beautifully decorated.  The service was on point. Everyone from valet, front desk to housekeeping, was incredibly nice and helpful.  Reminder: They hold out $100 per day on your card for 'incidentals'.
5	Stayed here 3 nights for the Christmas Holidays.  Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite.  Would definitely stay there again.  Everything and everyone was so nice.  We were on the 4th floor but had a good view from the livingroom and bedroom windows.  Really enjoyed my stay.  TV in every room including the bathroom.   Loved the full kitchen.  Tower 3 wasn't decorated for Christmas as much as tower 1 and 2 but I still enjoyed my stay.
4	I really enjoyed when I stayed here for a Friday/Saturday night in a Jr. Suite with my sister and her friend.  Something about driving up to a gated place and giving them your name to get in felt super legit.  Parking is valet and free, just give tip.  Check-in was quick and the front desk person was nice.  The room is beautiful, a good size and clean.  The bathroom is pretty big and the tub with the jets is amazing.  One negative thing was there may have been something wrong with our thermostat because it was so warm in the room sometimes.  Since I booked through Luxury Suites International, I had to go to them for maintenance issues and not The Signature itself.Since I went the weekend before Thanksgiving it was pretty quiet and less than $300 for the stay (good deal in comparison to other hotels with the same amenities).  I can't wait to come here again when it's warmer so I can check out the huge pool area.
4	I think it was one of the most comfy-est hotel I've ever been to. It sort of resembled a small apartment. I ended up sleeping on the couch bed since there wasnt enough space in the bedroom...it was quite uncomfortable sleeping at night but other than the bed everything was pretty awesome. The one thing I really enjoyed about this hotel was the clean silky water, the warm heated floors, and the awesome view of the night light pool and city.
4	I came here with my husband and 2 year old daughter. It's a non-smoking, family friendly hotel, which is one of the main reasons I selected it. Okay, so here are my thoughts: The kitchenette appliances in the suites/rooms are very good. The floor to ceiling windows are nice as well. I loved the jacuzzi tub - very therapeutic for me. The in-suite dining service is wonderful! The food is reasonably priced, the quality of the ingredients used is great (note -I have a sensitive stomach so I have to be very selective about the food I eat)., and the presentation is great (food arrives complete with a full table, table cloth, and a mini vase with fresh flowers). Not sure if this is standard at other hotels, but  I'd go there again just for the service I received in that regard. On the flip side, I have to take one star away due to the mandatory valet service at the hotel. You can't just go and park your car on the grounds of the hotel. As soon as you drive up to the front of the hotel, a valet attendant expects you to turn your keys over. . I did notice several guests utilizing the valet service had to wait at least 10 minutes for their vehicle. We had to park at the MGM grand, which is a good 10 minute walk from the Signature. This was so inconvenient for us. At the same time,  there's an indoor walkway that takes you from the Signature to the MGM grand - from Tower 1. Overall, I was pretty pleased with my experience - especially the in-suite dining!
5	Holy crap, the bathroom in our suite was bigger then my bedroom at home! Best hotel room I've ever stayed in. EVER. :DI booked a one bedroom balcony suite here on hotels.com for $103/night (awesome deal!) during a weekend visit in January. The suite was amazing. With about 950 sq ft it was big enough for four people and it never felt like we were in each others way because the suite has two bathrooms! One normal size bathroom (still pretty spacious) and a humongous bathroom with a shower, jacuzzi bathtub, two sinks, and a tv. My first time livin' it up in Vegas. Woot woot! =)LOVE:-It was really peaceful and quiet. I felt like I could get a good nights sleep because you couldn't hear any party goers outside or the noise on the strip.-The kitchenette! Really convenient to store leftovers, and the free apple I get from the gym-The main bed was super comfy and even the sofa bed! -The balcony was spacious and it was great to let fresh air in-Non smoking resort. Yay! -The decor of the rooms and the whole hotel was really nice and modern-Room service was quick when needed. Everything was super clean! Staff was really friendly and professional.-Three TVs in the room. I watched TV while taking a shower for the first time. =P-Check out was a breeze. Just needed to do it on my tv. They do charge a $22.50 resort fee per day of course. My total for the whole trip was about $270.  But this includes wifi (blazing fast!) and access to the fitness center (Loved! Cardio machines with personal tvs!). The fitness center is located in Tower 1 and 3. I stayed in Tower 2 and the walk between each tower is maybe a minute at the most.Main access to the The Signature is on Harmon Ave. It's gated and you need to tell the attendant that you are checking in. Once you get your room key, you can just swipe it at the gate to get access. I don't think there is self-parking, if there is, it looks super far. Valet is free and they get your car for you super fast. Within a few minutes. I loved not having to lug my luggage around. As for the walk to the MGM grand and to the Strip, it does take about 10 minutes or so. But you are inside the a covered walkway the whole time and they have people movers to assist you on most of it. I liked the walk. Helps burn off all the calories from the buffets! Definitely doable. Don't let the distance scare you. I really enjoyed my weekend at The Signature and will definitely be returning. LOVED IT. =)
5	Holy Moly.  I have to say this place is amazing.  And I have stayed at some swanky digs across this great land of ours, so I know what I'm taking about.We stayed here on New Years Eve and the day after.  We figured it would help our bodes not to be making the endeavor all the way back to sunny Phoenix the following day.  We got there around 1pm and instantly got a room.  We had a choice of getting a studio suite immediately on the 26th floor or waiting a little later for a balcony room to open up on a lower floor.  We took the 26th floor room that was ready to go.  We weren't going to be living in our room so we really didn't want or need a balcony.  And we wanted to drop our bags and start boozing.  It's New Year's Eve in Las Vegas for Pete's sake.We had a room facing west, so it faced the Planet Hollywood Towers and Las Vegas Boulevard.  Our view basically started at the Monte Carlo all the way up to the Stratosphere.  Unbelievable.  I could have stayed glued to the window looking outside all day.  Like a puppy in the window.  But I managed to wipe my nose smudge off the window and get ready to go downstairs.  It's Vegas damn it!Now I saw on the reviews a lot of people moaning about the walk from the towers to the MGM Grand.  Ironically, we stayed in Tower 3, which is the furthest away from the casino floor.  You have to walk through these corridors, through Tower 2, through Tower 1, then shops then casino.  And a portion of the walkways are the people mover type.  I clocked it and from Tower 3 to the casino, it took 11 minutes.  I was also walking with ladies in high heels.  So all the complainers who said it took 30 minutes were either walking a.) blindfolded b.) got lost because they are texting while walking or c.) crabwalking the route.  You can't go wrong with the MGM Grand casino.  You could land a 747 jumbo jet in this place. It's huge.  This place was swarming with people (so was all of greater Las Vegas) so it goes to show the recession is easing up around here.The best part about the room is that we brought our own food.  They have a mini refrigerator, stove top, microwave, and plenty of counter space.  There is also plenty of places to eat.  We had 6 people in the room and no one had to sit on the bed or sit on anyone's laps.  Well not until the booze started to flow.  Hee hee.  Honestly, it was a great room.  It was very nice not having to wait in line at a restaurant or overpay for casino food.  We had plenty to eat and plenty to drink.After breezing through multiple casinos on New Year's Eve, we stumbled out onto Las Vegas Boulevard.  Before we left MGM Grand, they had casino employees take people's drinks that were in glasses and exchange them for plastic cups.  Smart idea.  All it takes is for one drunk (cause there are none in Las Vegas to be seen) to ruin it for everyone else.  Las Vegas Metro PD had closed down Las Vegas Boulevard at 5pm to traffic and let pedestrians wander the streets.  It was a cool feeling walking down the street without the concern of being hit by an Escalade or being arrested by the po-po.  We stayed in the middle of the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard at midnight and watched the fireworks shoot off the buildings.  It was freakin awesome.All in all, I don't usually give 5 stars to any of my reviews.  However, this one earned it.  Everyone was very friendly and had genuine smiles.  Not the fake Disneyland stuff either.  We did pay an arm and a leg for our room for New Years, but this is the City of Entertainment.  Also know that all vehicles are valet (no self parking, unless you want to park at the MGM Grand and walk with your lugguage; but you are on vacation you cheap ass: splurge a little).  Also, they charge this "resort fee" which is beginning to get my pants in a bunch (yes you all who charge this).  But most, if not all, charge this in Las Vegas, so it is what it is.My suggestion- Request highest floor facing Las Vegas Boulevard (west facing).  Don't spend more on a balcony- you probably won't even need it.  And bring some food with you to enjoy in the room.
5	We booked through Jetsetter and got a really good deal for the one bedroom suite! I was worried cause of all the bad reviews about booking through third parties, but our stay was still amazing. The only thing is that with Jet, your housekeeping is taken care of by them instead of the hotel and their hours end kind of early so you have to make sure that you get what you need by 4 or 5pm. Also, the jets in the jacuzzi weren't working the first night, but we called the next morning and it was fixed after housekeeping came by the next day. They don't give you as many amenities like toothbrushes, toothpaste, bathrobes, slippers, etc. and charge extra for blankets or pillows so I would give Jet itself a lower rating for that.Now that the negatives are out of the way, my family and I love The Signature! Gotta love the two bathrooms, jacuzzi tub, stocked kitchen, and just all the extra space. It's quiet and non-smoking, just a bit of a walk to MGM and the strip. Valet is mandatory/included, just tip :) The hotel staff were all really courteous. The room was spacious and clean. Will definitely be coming back here!
3	Thinking back on when I stayed here, there's nothing special about this place..For what it is its nice, but There's not a lot to do here, and there's not a lot of staff.
2	My man and I had a mediocre experience at best with The Signature.Firstly, the service was fine. The front desk staff was nice but kind of gave us the run-around. We arrived a bit early for our check-in and they said our room would be ready in 30 min. Great! We took a seat and 30 min later, they said it was going to be a bit longer. Another 20 min goes by... We inquire again and they tell us it's going to be a couple more hours!!! Nearly 1 hour of our time wasted! I wouldn't have minded had they just told us the room wasn't going to be ready for a few hours.The real kicker was the room -  the whirlpool in our room was GRIMEY! It had a build up of dead skin cells that left a rough feel around the edge - ick!!! Shower please~!! When we asked the desk for more towels, they told us they couldn't restock our room because the PH Suite we booked was managed by another cleaning company - WTF.The morning of our check-out the third party cleaning company kept knocking on our door every 10 minutes despite the do not disturb tag well before our check out time.For an upscale branch of the MGM this was unacceptable. I've had much better service and overall cleanliness in off-road motels.Another drawback is that The Signature is so remote off the strip. You have to walk through the whole of the MGM then down a long stretch of hallways to get to The Signature.
5	For the price, The Signature is definitely one of the better non-casino hotels off the strip.When making a reservation, try to book a room in Tower 1. It's closer to the strip, has the gym, the lounge, and the Starbucks.Check in was fast, and our luggage was sent up to the room immediately.In room dining was affordable, the food came in nice portions and tasted great.For the price I give everything 4.5/5 stars. We really loved the fully stocked kitchenette and large whirlpool tub. After a quick trip to the grocery store (though the bellman told us we could have groceries delivered to the hotel and room and service would send them up to our room) I was able to make steak and eggs, hash, grilled cheese sandwiches, and anything else we needed during out trip, which helped save on eating out.After a long night of clubbing in high heels, the whirlpool tub was the perfect cure to our aching feet. The tub looked clean when we first got there, but we had room service clean it while we were gone for good measure. While we were gone they also did our dishes, folded all our clothes left out, and left us extra towels and pillows.  We drove anywhere we needed to be, so valet wasn't as ideal as a parking lot would have been in terms of timing since we were in a rush the first morning (you cant call for your car to be ready before you're downstairs). However, the bellman helping us check out helped speed things up a bit by taking our ticket down with out luggage while we got ready to check out.I'd say this place is perfect for those who aren't planning to walk up and down the strip or gamble too much. If you want to spend more time downtown and don't plan on driving, you'll be better of booking a room downtown.
3	Signature is an service apartment more than a hotel. Full equipped kitchen and with all the kitchenette even with the grinder!! The room is spacey but the design of the carpet make it looks dirty. The shower is the main draw back of Signature. I stayed on 19 floor and It is weak and cold, anyway not warm enough for me. The hotel management really need to look into this issue.Will I be back? Well, I probably said Yes!!!
3	We booked a 1 bedroom suite through Jetsetter, which is actually associated with Luxury Suites International, which owns several floors in the 3 towers of the Signature. Because it is owned separately, you cannot ask the front desk of Signature to do anything for you, like extend your checkout time, request supplies, etc. They'll give you the phone for LSI, which you then have to call during their business hours.Master bathroom: (mentioned first b/c it was the most impressive)The master bathroom was very spacious and well equipped (except no toothbrushes or toothpaste). Plenty of towels, there's like 6 sets of everything! Two sinks in the master bathroom, a glass shower, and a whirlpool tub with jets (watch your step, it's slippery when you get in!). There's a magnified and illuminated makeup mirror as well as a hairdryer. The shampoo, conditioner, gel, lotion, and bar soaps are all mango something or other. There's even a TV in the bathroom. The toilet has a separate door and it always smells a little stuffy in there...Our first night the shower took like 15 minutes to start producing hot water. I was not very happy. =P We didn't have that problem again the other nights.Master bedroom:The master bedroom itself had a queen bed, a large desk with a TV that rises out of it when you turn it on, and 2 closets, one with a safe and ironing board/iron, and the other with just hangers. There's an iPod dock/alarm clock that says it doesn't work with iPhone but it does, albeit low quality sound.Living room:The living room has a sofa bed that folds out into a fully made queen bed. There's extra pillows and blankets in one of the closets to throw on top of the already made bed. There's another TV in the living room, as well as a balcony facing the strip. Windows are metal-plated with a gold color.Second bathroom:Smaller, has the glass shower, full sink and typical amenities expected of a hotel room.Kitchen:Electric glass stovetopOvenPots/pans/plates/bowls/utensils/cups/wine glasses/pans for bakingCoffee maker and coffee/tea Full sink and dishwasherDetergent, sponge, dishwasher detergentFridge/freezer2 complimentary bottles of water per dayWifi is spotty depending what floor and tower you're. 3G and cellphone service on AT&T also. Hardly worked at all for us in Tower 1 on the 18th floor. We thought it had to do with the metal coating of the windows, but our friends in Tower 2 on the 25th floor, also on AT&T, had no problems with their cellphone or wifi service.Tower 1 has a business center you can use to check in for your flight and print free boarding passes. One of the gyms is also located here. The pools are at Towers 2 & 3. Starbucks is in the walkway from Tower 1 to the connector to MGM Grand.The walk to MGM is about 5 minutes if you use the people movers (horizontal escalators). Once you actually get to the MGM, you still have to go through the food court/restaurants and casino before you get to the strip. I'd say it was like a 15 minute walk total? It feels like a long time, but hey, you'll need all the exercise you can get after pigging out at all the buffets! ;)I do like that the hallways are very short so even if you're the room at the end of the hallway, it's not that far of a walk.Despite the inconvenience of getting to the Strip, I would stay here again, IF they improve their cellphone reception or at least wifi.
2	I'll start with something that explains the low rating. On the last day of stay, I found a bed bug crawling on my pillow. Yes, none others were found, and no harm was done (read: no bites, and no infestation brought home). However, the handling of the incident was piss-poor (the hotel was quick to get me out of the room, and did not offer anything at all to make up for this).Now on to the good stuff. The bed was great, the bathroom was well equipped with a  nice shower and a whirlpool bath. The kitchenette had all the necessary equipment and the tv worked. The closet was nice and roomy. The mediocre. Tower 3 faces another tower from Planet Hollywood, so you get no view whatsoever. The walk to the strip is either through the side gate and then another 10 mins through a poorly lit street, or through a long connecting walkway and then through the entire shopping mall of MGM.Overall - the price point was good ($90/night), the bed bug was unacceptable, the location was ho-hum, and the room was well equipped. I think that 2 stars is warranted, given the abundance of suites on the market right now in LV.
5	my favorite hotel in Vegas, slightly off the strip but you walk about 2-3 blocks and you're at Planet Hollywood so its really not that bad! the bathroom was amazing, glass shower, separate bathroom, a magnified and illuminated makeup mirro, the shampoo, conditioner, gel, lotion, and bar soaps are all fruity scented, which was amazing! There's even a TV in the bathroom!! but the best part? A WHIR POOL TUB, most amazing bath in the worllddd. the bed was soo comfortable, as soon as we checked in, I just laid down and fell asleep. the view was amazing, I got the pool + planet hollywood side of the strip. really pretty at night with all the lights! the staff was really helpful, when we stayed they were doing their routine checking of the fire alarms every day for a month thing? but it didn't bother us since they never came when we were in the room! I would recommend this place for people who want a non-casino hotel in Vegas (for families mainly probably + business workers).
3	3.5 stars. The Signature is about a 10 minute walk away from MGM, and situated not exactly on the strip, but close to it. I don't really have any complaints about it. The place was clean, amenities were great (gym has fruit and water bottles), room service was great. The hotel room is apartment style -it comes with dishware, pullout couch, and a stove. My only complaints are the location (we had to cab a bit often) and the size of the room (a bit on the smaller size). Recommended if you're with a small party, or boyfriend/girlfriend. Not really recommended for a big party.
4	Came here on my birthday weekend!!! Who else was one of the lucky ones to have celebrated their 21st in Vegas?! ;) Oh, and where you stay in Vegas matters! If you're going to be cheap when it comes to booking a hotel in Vegas, then you're better off partying in San Gabriel. I don't know why I said that, probably because most of my yelp friends are from the SGV area?We booked the deluxe one- bedroom suite and got the third floor, which could have been better, but service and the room itself was outstandingly exceptional! Our suite had two baths (a full and a 1/2). FYI, a full bathroom includes everything plus a bathtub :) and a half bath is one that has the shower but not the bath tub. It also had a kitchen with its own sink and modern stove :) Of course, there was the spacious living room which leads to the balcony with the extensive city view, beautiful at night. Our bedroom was very comfortable and convenient; it even had a safe box to store the valuables. The bed was huge with a night stand on the right and the left side. Anyways, my point is, this suite and the service did not do us wrong!Expect a LONG LONG LONG walk though. It takes 15 minutes just to walk from the lobby to MGM Grand. There's valet parking, but it's not convenient and we didn't enjoy waiting every single time we needed the car.
4	Only stay here if you have been to Vegas a zillion times.Don't stay here if you love the bustle of a smokey casino an elevator ride away.Only stay here if you are a nonsmoker, as all 3 towers are smoke free including the bar.Don't stay here if you plan on loudly partying in your room.Only stay here if you love having 2 full bathrooms, a full kitchen with a full size fridge complete with ice maker. Woohoo for an in room ice maker.Don't stay here if you hate using valets. It is the only option. But they are the nicest and most accommodating ever.I had family in for a convention and had never heard of The Signature before, but will definitely keep them in mind for future visits. Largest balconies I have ever seen in Vegas was a great plus too. But man oh man is it a looong walk to the MGM. But later in the evening after many drinks I thought I was seeing a mirage at the halfway point. Nope not a mirage, a frikken life saving porta-service bar for that needed nightcap. Whoever thought of that gets my MVP award of the weekend.  Yep, over Eli even.
5	What didn't I like about this hotel? Nothing.What did I like? EVERYTHING!!We stayed here last weekend and held a small wedding reception in our one bedroom suite. Everything about this place is awesome. the rooms, the bathrooms!!, the service, the valet, the bell hops, the staff. The rooms are beautifully decorated with full kitchens and high end appliances. We had a one bedroom suite with a connecting suite that combined into a huge space.We stayed in tower 3 which is the farthest from the MGM Grand which is accessible by walking through the other 2 towers and a long passageway with moving walkways. I'm from New York and the walking didn't phase me a bit, but if you are in the casino and want to run up to your room, it is quite a schlep. That being said, the passageway was fun in the evening when it was full of people dressed up and having a good time on their way to and from the casino.I absolutely loved this hotel and would move into that room if I could!
5	What do you want out of your Vegas experience?  That's what it comes down to when booking at The Signature.  Do you want noisy, party hardy, loud, smoking neighbors and atmosphere?  Go somewhere else.  It's off the strip, so it's quiet, calm and everything the strip is not.The rooms are very clean and quite large...stocked kitchenette, separate sitting area, giant bathroom.  We booked through Luxury Suites International (LSI) so I knew we'd be on a low floor with no view and not all the resort amenties but they tell you that...and it's $79!  If I wanted all the amenties, I'd pay the extra $100 and book through The Signature.  You have to walk about 5-7 minutes to get to the strip but for me, no problem.  I liked that trade for the quiet when I wanted to sleep.  Never even heard a neighbor.  The restaurant had a good, if pricey breakfast/lunch menu and we weren't disappointed by the food or service there.  The front desk, concierge and valets were helpful, polite and speedy.There are a lot of complaints about the walk to the strip and the location at the end of the strip.  All I have to say about that is do some research, people.  Look at a map, read the website.  Those points are obvious.  If you want a clean, large, nicely appointed room that's inexpensive and you don't mind a short walk...try The Signature.  If you want to be right on the strip or in the middle of it or if you'd like your entire trip to be a party...go somewhere else.
4	Every staff had a smile on their faces, we were greeted by all the staffs. We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and it was excellent, the only thing we didn't like was the lock on our door. It didn't lock in place and we had trouble opening the door every time we came back to our room.
5	If you are like me and prefer your Vegas with minimal smoke, then Signature is the place for you. The staff is beyond friendly and the accommodations are stellar. Clean and minimalist decor in the lobby, the rooms are spacious, clean and modern. My room was Tower 3 and was a deluxe suite- studio. The bathroom featured an enormous jacuzzi tub. There was a kitchenette and I kept wishing my home was as nicely decorated.There is something to be said for not inhaling second hand smoke 24/7. Beware: the Delish deli is pricey! Plain bagel and small bottle of Perrier, $9. Viva Las Vegas!
4	I stayed in the one bedroom suit in tower two on the 22nd floor.  We arrived rather early in the morning since we drove to beat traffic so when we arrived around 9 am there was no room available for us.  So the held onto our luggage for us while we waited.  We waited till about 1pm which I was really bummed about because I am the type of person who would rather settle in before seeing the sites than the other way around but we didn't want to waste time by waiting in the lobby.  The neat thing about The Signature is that it's connected by tunnels and malls to the MGM Grand which is at the very beginning of the strip so you can easily walk through and access food courts, spas, pools, clothing stores, casinos, and fine dining, they even have the Cirque Du Soleil Ka theatre there as well as a Rainforest Cafe.  So we did our site seeing for a few hours and were called the moment a room became available.  When we got to our one bedroom suite you could tell they were in a hurry to clean it so we could get settled because the carpet was still wet from washing, there was women's underwear in the closet, and the bath robes didn't look replaced because they had hair stuck to them and one was a dingy off white.  The view is AMAZING!  You can see all the pretty lights at night and see really far in the day.  We happened to be placed on the side that had a view of the airport and surprisingly it was hardly ever loud because of it.  We heard a plane once or twice but other than that it was pretty peaceful.  Our suite came with a fully equipped kitchen including a dishwasher, fridge, oven, stove, microwave, as well as wine glasses, regular glasses, a toaster, a blender, pots, pans, forks, spoons, butter knives, steak knives, and more.  So we brought our own food to cook most of the time and it was nice to have home cooked meals away from home.  The master bathroom has a TV in it and is VERY spacious.  The shower was large and easy to step into but because of the way the glass door sealed it had a tendency to leak a bit of water.  Next to it is a very HUGE jet spa tub which is big enough for two!  Very relaxing.  I would have to say my overall experience with this hotel was very nice, I think we must have caught them on an off weekend because when we were getting ready to check out we called around 1015 am for a luggage cart,  we waited till 11 am (which is when check out is) and called again for the cart.  We waited some more and then called for a third time at 1215 pm for a cart in which we were given an apology and a luggage cart arrived within 15 minutes.  We told the guy they must of been busy and he replied with a "no not really, it's been slow this morning"   I can understand a request falling through the cracks but it shouldn't take three phone calls over the course of 2 hours to get a luggage cart.Now don't get me wrong.  It is a very nice and peaceful hotel and I very much enjoyed the luxuries of the room and the hotel itself and my boyfriend had stayed here before and said he had a much better experience with no problems the last time he was there.I also like that there are no casinos inside this hotel so its more relaxing and you don't have a bunch of idiots running around that aren't staying at the hotel  in fact at night around 9pm the doors connecting the signature to the MGM mall, automatically lock, and only those with a room key can get in.  and the entrance to the hotel is also gated and Valet parking is complimentary.
5	Loved it!The main draw/benefit for me was that it's entirely non-smoking. As a New Yorker I'm not accustom the amount of second-hand smoke you're exposed to in Vegas (nor am I used to the dry-air), and having this oasis of clean air on the strip was wonderful. It was so quiet, too! We went there for our anniversary so we weren't looking for a loud party atmosphere; just a nice, relaxing, clean room with a great view and the Signature delivered for us.We stayed on the 27th floor of tower 3 (about as far away from MGM Grand you can get without staying in a penthouse), it took a solid 5 minutes to get to the food court near the casino and an additional 5 minutes to get out of the building. My S.O. and I walk at a brisk North Eastern pace so it may take longer for the more relaxed traveler. HOWEVER, you can easily exit to the street and take the more direct route to the strip. It actually took us less time to walk to Planet Hollywood via Harmon Ave than it took to get to New York New York through MGM. It was a lovely 60*F when we were there so we didn't mind being outside, but I can imagine the draw of the inside walk during the summer.The room was very comfortable, the bed was the perfect combination of firm with a pillow top. The pillows were a bit squishy for my taste, but that certainly won't ruin a trip. The kitchenette, the table, and sitting area were all perfect for 2 people for 3.5 days. The channel selection on the TV was kind of limited, but there is a dvd player and iHome in the space so you can bring your own entertainment. The bathroom was huge with a really nice jacuzzi tub, 2 sinks, big shower, dimmer switch for the romantically minded, and a separate WC. The TV in the bathroom was amusingly small, but that's hardly a problem. The water temperature was inconsistent- never really cold, just not quite hot enough.The housekeeper was also adorable, she organized all of our toiletries on little  towels when she came to clean the room. I don't know why I found that so endearing. The resort fee seems to vary. We agreed to $20/day when we booked through expedia, but when we went to check out it was listed twice at $25/day. They fixed it right away so no biggie, but make sure you know what rate you agreed to when you book and double check the bill when you leave. The resort fee includes use of the private pools and WiFi.
5	When I'm in Vegas, I'm ALLLL VIP. Which means I talk to the best of the best to get the best of the best. That saying I always contact the General Manager, Front Desk Manager and Karla (Concierge Associate) before my Vegas trips to arrange detailed room placements, restaurant reservations & any special arrangements. And no honey I don't get A ROOM. I get THE 1500 sqft room on the 32nd floor facing the Strip in Tower 3. Exactly how I said it...is how front desk sets the room up !!What I love about this hotel is the exclusiveness of it. From entering the hotel grounds via the guarded gate to the stupendous valet guys to the competent and helpful front desk & Concierge staff. Everyone greets me by my name when I see them !! There's little mistakes & errors to be made.The decor of all three towers are beautiful & gorgeous !! Tower 3 in my opinion is the best looking one !! It's so fancy & elegant & FIERCEEE !! On top of that, it's actually the nearest one to the Strip. LITERALLY, the Strip is a block & a half down from Tower 3. All y'all are trippin when you say it's the farthest tower from the Strip & y'all are on crack complaining the far walk to the Strip. It's only a good 10 minute walk if you do choose to walk through all 3 towers to the Strip.The rooms are so nice & visually pleasing to the eye !! Everything's cohesive & beautiful to look at !! I love those jacuzzis in the room !! The good thing bout the 2-bedroom soite is that there are 3 FULL bathrooms & 2 jacuzzis !! Getting ready is fast & efficient especially for the girls !! The balcony is probably one of the best things this hotel has to offer. Not a lot of hotels come standard with a balcony. Not even Encore or Palazzo !!The kitchens are just amazeballs !! Everything you need you got it !! Forks, spoons, blenders, sugar packets, tea & coffee, refrigerators, microwaves, toaster, oven etc. The dining table in the one-bedroom was a bit small & awkwardly placed. Didn't care for it. The kitchen is a huge money saver for those who don't want to eat out all the time. You can cook breakfast or lunch before heading out for the long fun day !!THE BEDS ARE HELLA COMFY !! Even the pull-out sofabed !! Trust me, I'm a Platinum Member of Marriott's & not even their beds & sofabeds are as comfortable as The Signature !! The couch I didn't care for. Was too drunk & hungover 80% of the time to even get myself on a couch.I always book my 1500 sqft room through the hotel itself...not through those 3rd party bullshit companies. Plus, the Signature actually offer some of the best deals on the Internet via it's own site !! With that stated, housekeeping comes easy !! No hassle, no bullshit !!Housekeeping always does a fantastic job of cleaning up the rooms after a night of drunken debauchery & shenanigans. We always tip them $10 per room !! You can never tip anyone enough to clean after your drunk ass !!If you need ANYTHING, ask Concierge !! They'll promptly send a butler up to your room to deliver the goods in this small cute shopping bag !! Amazing !!Bell boys are really effective & fast though I did have a little problem with them on my previous trip !! They never came !!!! Even housekeeping & Concierge had to help call but no one ever came up !! Talked to Jill (General Manager) about it and she comped us our resort fees !! Each tower had its own pool but I've never really took a dip in them. My boardshorts are too scandalous for a family pool =P. You can always catch me at Encore or Marquee Beach clubs during pool season !!I can't say enough good things about this 5 star hotel !! Service is top-notch !! Rooms are gorgeous !! Amenities are plentiful !! You can still have a getaway on your getaway here at the Signature !!
4	Checking into the Green Monster.  Lines, Bling, Noise... Wait you are in "The Signature"... Oh yes, this is much more civilized.  Quiet, no casinos, no smoking! Room - excellent.  Bathroom very roomy - Jacuzzi tub was incredible.  Outfitted with a great kitchen,  Bed very comfortable!  Free Wifi... If I ever return to Vegas this is my new home.
3	This is the 2nd time I've stayed here except this trip was for my bachelorette party.  My Maid of Honor booked a 2 bedroom penthouse suite for 8 of us girls.  CON - not all one area.  There are two bedrooms, 2 kitchens, 3 bathrooms, 2 living room areas, a king bed, queen bed and two fold out sofas.  In order to go over to the next bedroom, we had to go through the front doors (not adjoining rooms either).  PRO - staff was nice, our suite had 3 bathrooms which is always a plus with girls because we need mirror and counter space.  We're just a short walk away from MGM.  The staff was also nice bringing us room service far into the morning after the clubs.Good times, good times...
3	This place was a little too "grown up" to me. All-suite hotel (read: no casino, no smoking, no self-parking lot). I'm not the type of girl who likes having other people park her car, take up her bags, etc. But our group wanted to get a reasonably priced suite with a balcony. So, The Signature it was. Got the one bedroom balcony suite.* Felt way roomier than Aria's one bedroom suite, for sure. * Stocked kitchen (fridge, stove/oven, dishwasher, dishes, glasses, and cooking/ eating utensils.* Two showers! Master bathroom has 3 sinks and 2 counters.* Pull out sofa bed!* Balcony did not have a great view and looks sad if you've ever been on balcony at the Cosmo. *shakes fist at Cosmo*I definitely did not miss the hi-tech remote controls for the curtains and light fixtures at Aria (I'm in Vegas and my brain is not at the highest of functioning), but felt awkward not being at the hotel (ahem, "resort", if you want to be fancy) with my kids or for a conference. Definitely not a party hotel. It's a place to getaway from the Strip. If you're into that. Even though you were fancy and clean, you were a bit too stuffy for me, Signature...I'll probably be seeing you when I reach my 30s.Sidenote: Delights Cafe in Tower 2 is the closest place for food...and thank god it's "cheap" for Vegas. You'll have to walk through the MGM Grand to get to a food court.
4	I stayed here with my bf for my first Vegas trip!Everything about the room we had was everything I hoped :D  Seriously the best hotel I have stayed at, ever.  It is secluded from the strip, but is still connected to the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.  We arrived earlier than our check-in time, but the staff offered to hold our bags while we went to do more shopping.  Everyone was really nice and accommodating!  The rooms were cleaned and tidied daily, restocked bottled water, fresh towels, and robes.  The suite was spacious and decorated.  The bathroom was very impressive too.  My favorite part was the jacuzzi tub and tv on the vanity (:  Fun relaxing times!The bed was so comfortable and luxurious.  My boyfriend enjoyed the tv THAT CAME OUT OF THE DESK. We enjoyed the comfy furniture and exclusiveness of this hotel!  I almost didnt want to leave the room! There was even room service, which we did order a couple of times.  The food was overpriced of course, and it took long of course, but we were enjoying our spoiled rotten asses too much to really care.  The food tasted good but we probably wont order it again, just to eat at other restaurants we havent tried (:On the day of check-out, I took off my diamond ring and forgot it!!!!! in the bathroom.  I called the front desk and of course no one reported anything immediately.  I called back later in the day and security said no one had turned anything in.  I was really sad to learn that not all the Signature employees were not the classy, honest citizen image I had created in my delusional mind. Obviously it was my fault for forgetting to put the ring back on after showering, but that was not cool.  I was being transferred to housekeeping, which by the way, NO ONE EVER ANSWERS.  No one offered to take down my name and number in case anything was found either.  It really seemed like no one wanted to help me, so it was hard to tell who was lying.  This is a warning to all: Make sure you  have everything before checking out because you may never see it again.  Someone else might take it home or sell it at a pawn shop!
5	Sooooo Late with this review(again, I'm always late lol) I stayed at the Signature last year for my 25th birthday. Me and my boys originally booked the MGM, but were moved to Signature for an upgrade. Wow, wow,wow! Check in was quick, staff was extra friendly..and the rooms.. here we goWe got two rooms one JR and one bed room. They were next to each other so that was a plus. Of course since it was my birthday, I got the big room! In total we had 3 bathrooms, which was an ultimate plus seeing as my friends are a bunch a male divas lol. Kitchen was great. We bought liquor and thanks to the blender, we were able to make our own beverages. The balcony was great as it over looked Wet Republic(see my other review). The room was very spacious. I help my own pre game party there with 8 other people including my friends. We did have security come up once, music was too loud, but not a biggie.I booked for MDW this year, I can't wait!
5	We stayed at The Signature for five nights while NASCAR was in town. I cannot fault the hotel for a darn thing. The staff was very attentive and everything we asked for was given to us with a wonderful smile. Special shout out to the valet staff that work extremely hard to park & retrieve the cars! We enjoyed the quiet atmosphere, yet it was within walking distance of the MGM Grand (with a moving walkway too!) We will return!
5	First Class all the way. The Signature IS the hotel I prefer to use for my Vegas trips for a number of reasons. They have excellent customer service, which is #1 in my book. From the security guard at the private entrance, the parking attendants, bell service, receptionists and room service are all excellent. Yes, there isn't a casino right when you get off the elevator but that's what I like, a nice quiet very relaxed atmosphere. It's just a short walk to the MGM casino for all the action and when your done for the day/night it's nice to leave all the noise behind and retire to an upscale room with a lot of creature comforts of home. There are 3 towers to choose from and each has their own pool. There's also a Starbucks, Cocktail Lounge and Snack Shop exclusive to the Signature Suite guests. Because it's all exclusive to Signature guests there is rarely a wait for anything. If you're looking for that premier Las Vegas experience it all starts right here at The Signature.
3	If you love the rowdiness of the Strip and plan on going there often, do NOT stay here. The Signature is great for people who love a calm and quiet atmosphere, or for families that can really make use of the kitchen (fully equipped with blender, stove, toaster, etc). But for our group that spent a lot of time on the Strip, this was hugely inconvenient. I read the reviews and knew it was going to be further, but I thought since when did a little walking hurt? No. Don't be naive like I was- the walk is LONG. It's about 15 minutes from tower 3 through MGM Grand's giant casino to the exit on the road.Everything else about the hotel was okay. The bed was very comfortable, but the toiletries and towels were budget. Sadly, we didn't get a chance to use the giant tub.
5	Stayed here recently for a work meeting that was in Vegas.It is always a lot of trips back and forth to my car so I was looking for a place that isn't a 5 mile walk from the room to the car (like at Aria!).Glad I tried The Signature!Even tho it is at the MGM, it has it's own gated entrance. When you check in with the guard at the gate he will direct you to which tower your room is in.Each tower has it's own complimentary valet parking. There is no self-park.I'm not normally a valet parking type of guy. But at this place it works nicely.They are really quick to get your car for you.I had the studio suite at a killer rate of $95 a night!?The room was large with a small kitchenette area and a huge bathroom.I wish I would have upgraded to the 1 bedroom suite with the balcony. I will definitely do that next time.It is a short walk thru an inside corridor to the MGM. It connects right near the food court and restaurant area of the MGM which is nice if you want to walk over to get something to eat or a fro'yo.There is also a Starbucks and cafe restaurant at the Signature.There is no minibar or even bottled water in the room which is a bummer, but at least there is a fridge so you can bring some water up to the room.The $20-$25 resort fee is kinda steep too.. you have to add that into the price of the room!All in all... I liked this place and would go back again, especially for business or when you are in the mood for a more mellow hotel in Vegas.I liked it much better than the Four Seasons!!
5	We just got back from a 3-day get-a-way to the MGM Signature for Spring Break.  This is my second time staying at the Signature, and it was just as good as I remembered.  We had two Junior Suites that we adjoined, this was perfect for my wife and I in one, and my two kids in the other (one on the bed, the other on the pullout).  We were in tower 1 which is the closest to the MGM Grand (by way of an indoor walkway).  There is a small fitness center in the lobby area, and a Starbucks too...HUGE BONUS!  The rooms were great, very nicely decorated.  Each room had a small fridge, a two-burner stove and a microwave.  The bathroom had a huge soaking/jetted tub that my kids loved.  We booked our rooms through www.bluechipvegas.com.  I've used this company before and always got great rates.  This time was no different, $85/room, which is waaay cheaper than booking directly through the MGM.  The walk from our tower, to the MGM took about 5 minutes, which wasn't bad at all.  The thing I like most about the Signature is that there is NO SMOKING allowed, and there is no casino which equals peace and quiet!  The Signature is a great hotel, it's much less than comparable hotels (Bellagio, Mandalay, etc.), and it's location is right in the middle of the action.  Book your next stay at the Signature, you'll love it!
3	The room accommodations and the value at signature is 4-5 stars, however, I lowered it 3 stars because the parking situation sucks. Parking at the Signature is valet only, which is fine, but they seemingly didn't have the resources/staff to support it. To get into the signature you always need to pass security. This normally is okay, but at night there are tons of limos and taxi's picking people up and dropping people off. One night we waited 15-20 minutes just to get through security and drop off our car. Then on our way out, the staff almost made us miss our flight because it took them nearly 20 minutes to get our car. Personally, I wouldn't stay at the Signature again if I needed a car. Now if I didn't need a car, I'd happily stay here again. We stayed on the 38th floor of Tower 2 and absolutely loved it. The room was very sizable and upscale. Staff was friendly and very informative. Personally, I don't understand the comments about this hotel being too far from the strip. The signature isn't directly on the strip, but if you need to get to their quickly, don't walk through MGM. Just go outside, go down Harmon and it takes half the time as it would going through the hotels.
1	I wouldn't stay at a hotel that is currently involved in a major lawsuit.  Management employees are dumbshits and they don't respond well to complaints.  I'd also like to add that rooms are not properly built, so beware...  I foresee MGM losing this battle.....
4	I had some friends in town last week who were staying at The Signature.  I had the chance to check out the hotel and rooms and have to say that it is a really nice place to stay.It is valet parking only, but it is complimentary.  You can walk to The Signature through MGM.  All the employees are super friendly and helpful.The room is large with a king bed, a couch and chair, a table with chairs, and a small kitchenette.  Not exactly sure who is going to be using the stove while they are on vacation in Vegas, but the mini-fridge and microwave can come in handy.    The bathroom is very large with a huge tub, separate shower, a two sinks.  The appeal of this place is that it is quiet and away from the crowds and smoke of The Strip.  The downside is that it is a bit of a walk to the casinos.  If you want to party it up all night long, you may want to consider somewhere else.
5	I have stayed in about 15 hotels and this one is my favorite. I love the hotel. There is nothing like having a kitchenette, a fridge, and good customer service no matter who you are. im not no business man, or a wale but they treat you good. no self parking, we valet everyone. I was greeted soon as i arrived, made me feel like they were waiting for me. Every thing was nice in our room. flat screen TV properly placed. soft bed. Everything i need in a hotel in vegas. to rest my body after partying.
4	Great location, close enough to walk but far enough away to feel like you are away from the smoke and noise. Room exactly as pictured but with some wear and tear. Concierge was great. Blue Chip was fine but had delayed response when calling to ask about early check out and never responded to call about late check out.
4	We stayed in a suite which included:-King Bed-Kitchenette-Safe in closet-Balcony-Pull out sofa-Shower, Jacuzzi Tub & seperate bathroomThe experience here was awesome. Room service was always helpful and efficient. Checking in was my big complaint, there were only 2 staff members and it took them almost 30 mins, (we were the only group waiting in line) but they did offer us water so that was nice. There is a cafe downstairs in tower 2 which is convenient if you need a quick bite to eat. The pools are connected through a walkway, and we were able to find a spot on Sunday before we left. They also will hold your luggage for you assuming you want to hang out in Vegas for a little bit longer. When we needed a taxi, they called for us and were there in a flash! I suggest this hotel. It's modern, without being too crazy. It's pretty close to the strip so if you want to walk 0.5 miles you are right there, or you can cut through Planet Hollywood which you can see from your hotel.Note: If you get room service they won't charge it to your room, so either use cash or credit card.
3	The room was fantastic.  But one thing everyone who stays here needs to know - You are NOWHERE close to the MGM Grand.  Calling it the Signature at MGM Grand is laughable, there are other casinos that are closer.  If you walk down to the casino floor and forgot something in your room you just wasted half your day.
5	Had such a wonderful time. The best parts were the balcony, spa tub, and the view. Everyone was very nice and it was easy to get to the MGM restaurants. Absolutely will be back. Great deal.
5	We just loved it here.  Got a balcony with views of the strip, got kitchenette, got big bathroom with jetted tub, got nice linens, even the front desk was good.  I liked the non-smoking, the non-gaming, gated property vibe.  No riff raff.My only complaint was the ridiculous wait for an elevator at checkout on a Sunday morning.
3	If you get a good deal it's still just okay.  Aging in all areas.  If you can get it for under 500.00 for a three night stay then it's decent.
4	You want a swank hotel? The beds are extra comfy. The bathrooms are EXTRA large and nice! Generous sized jacuzzi deep soaking tub, clear glass shower which is separate. HUGE his and hers sinks so you can do your makeup and someone else can get ready. Closet space was huge. The whole place was amazing. The kitchen was set up with dishwasher. full stove, oven, microwave, fridge and freezer. If you want a party room or a romantic night out OR if you have kids (this hotel is strictly non smoking), try staying here. Its connected to the regular MGM but the actual Signature is hidden behind it with its own entrance gates and door service. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.Minus one star because it took forever to get extra towels in the room when we called for it... we were a group of like 12 women and we NEEDED those towels. At least when the guy finally came up he had extra toiletries too!
5	I got a really good deal for a two night weekday stay from LivingSocial - so, so glad I booked this hotel!! It was amazing - valet parking, a beautiful lobby, spacious room (we had a junior suite), the entire hotel is non-smoking, our room was incredible. There was a bottle of wine waiting for us when we walked in, the bathroom was HUGE and had a jacuzzi tub, we had a mini kitchenette which was perfect for keeping our leftovers, all of the lights in the room and bathroom had dimmers which is nice to not be blinded if you get up in the middle of the night. Check out was so easy, and we never had to wait longer than five minutes for valet to get the car for us. Highly recommended, I would absolutely stay here again and again!!
4	We booked mum and dad a b'day trip to Vegas and stayed at this hotel last week. The hotel service has changed since we last visited but still good, however the accompanied shuttle service was HORRIBLE. HotelProThe service is still good. They've put in a check in counter at the airport which was not there when we visited Vegas a couple of years ago.ConThe complimentary water that used to be provided by the hotel was no longer available. It's really hot in Vegas at summer, it would be nice if they still provide such service.Shuttle ServiceThis is a TERRIBLE choice. We will NEVER book with their accompanied shuttle service ever again. They are cooperating their shuttle service with Showtime. If you are to stay at Signature, DON'T go with their shuttle service. We booked a round trip for my parents. On the way to the hotel was fine, but the shuttle never turn up to pick them up. They've called numerous times to the office, and waited for an hour and half. They ended up taking the taxi to the airport with no refund from the shuttle company.
5	I found it very advantageous that we were able to check in so early, although I'm sure it was only because of who my beau knew. We were also upgraded to a penthouse suite, which was amazing. I wish we could have utilized the kitchen but maybe next time. Very nice SubZero fridge. Nice big comfortable sturdy bed with very soft sheets.  The master bathroom was large, the jacuzzi tub very easily fits 2 people.  Beautiful view of LAS & the MGM from the balcony. Also, the lady answering phones for in-room dining was so sweet and helpful with her Southern accent.
4	Stayed in the Junior suites which were connected with each other. Had 11 people staying and I have to say it suited us perfectly. Like most Vegas trips we didnt spend much time in our rooms but if thats what you wanted to do these rooms would work just fine. We used the pool which had its own bar and wasn't crowded at all - but still had enough people there to make it fun. Didnt feel it was too far from the MGM and having stayed there previously, I would definitely choose the Signatures.Viva Las Vegas!
5	AMAZING.We stayed her last year in one of the Jr. Suites. It was fantastic! View was great, service was great, staff was phenomenal, did I mention the Jacuzzi Bathtub?Pros: Gated entrance, if you aren't with someone they can verify is staying on property or the guest themselves you don't get in. This makes for relatively little traffic.Rooms are large and lavish.Staff is friendly and very helpful. Cons:Valet only even for visiting. However the wait is minimal at worst. They were always really quick with our cars.It is a walk from the strip.Even with the cons I would highly recommend staying here plus you get to use MGM's Wet Republic for Free as well. Gotta love the lazy river and a bucket of beer!
5	I personally love the signature sure it may be a little far from the casino but its non smoking and the rooms are great.
4	As you may or may not know the Signature at MGM Grand is a condo hotel property. This means the rooms are all owned by private parties and they are handed off to the hotel for rent when the private party is not using it. Anyways, my experience was nothing less than a fantastic all the way. I researched the hotel before hand so I knew that it doesn't have major restaurants, I knew that it does not have a casino it the hotel, and I knew that it was about a 10-15 minute walk from the strip. That said, the hotel rooms are outstanding, the views that we had were awesome, and short of a little check in snafu, the entire stay was everything you would expect for the awesome reviews this hotel receives. And add my review to that list. By the way, the BALCONY rooms are the best!
5	Stayed here for UFC 146, had a totally satisfying experience!:)We got to Vegas around noonish on Friday so we parked at the MGM self parking and went off to venture Vegas a bit.***MGM self parking lot is totally safe, we ended up leaving our car there both nights of our stay, didn't even use the signature complimentary valet.UFC weigh ins started at 3pm which was the same time as check in, we decided to go to the weigh ins first.***The Signature has an entrance near the MGM garden arena entrance inside the MGM hotel, so after weigh ins we speed walked down the, what seemed, never ending private walkway to The Signature first tower to check in.We stayed in the deluxe suite, high floor along with balcony, and strip view, a little pricy but its a vacation, no regrets!hahaCalled for more coffee from housekeeping and they came within 15 mins, room service was quick as well.***the beds were super Comfy as far as I can see quite clean. ***bathroom and bathtub were luxourorius. Check in on friday and check out on Sunday were both quick and hassle free. Would stay here again for a no looking back $$$$$ vacation:)
4	I really enjoyed this hotel room. We ordered room service twice and it was awesome. The service was great and our room was beautiful. Easy access to the MGM casino and other places on the strip.
5	Stayed here recently and was just blown away by the experience. This really is as good as it gets! If you're looking for a sanctuary a short distance away from the chaos of the Vegas strip, look no further! The three golden towers of The Signature IS the answer.Pulling into the driveway, you must give the guard at the gate the last name on your reservation to gain entry onto the property. There's Tower 1, 2, and 3 and check in will be at Tower 1. Parking is VALET ONLY, but they are friendly and efficient and I felt completely at ease handing over my keys. Check in at the front desk was a bit slow but they sure know their customer service! All my questions and requests were met with the utmost professionalism and courtesy. Why can't all hotels be like this?I stayed on the Penthouse floor in Tower 3 in a one bedroom suite. As soon as I stepped into the room, I felt like VIP. The room was clean and modern, with a balcony showing the most AMAZING view of the strip. It was magical. There was also a fully loaded kitchen, living room with a pull out sofa bed, two bathrooms (one in the living area, one in the master bedroom) with their own showers, and a jacuzzi tub. The king sized bed in the master bedroom felt like heaven. Extra pillows and blankets can be found in the closet.The cost to stay here is extremely reasonable, since the cheapest of The Signature's suites can fit four comfortably. Highly recommended for smaller groups and couples looking for some quiet time.I will definitely be back.
4	Before I begin my review, I'll mention that we paid for our room with frequent flyer miles, so this review is in no way based on price.First, know that there are three towers in this hotel - tower 1 is located closest to the main MGM building and exit onto the strip, tower 2 a bit further away, and tower 3 at the end. All four buildings are connected via indoor walkways with some of those moving walkways in them, but it might be a bit of a walk for some. For us being in tower 3 was a mild nuisance... I would have preferred to be in tower 1, but when making a reservation I wasn't even aware that the hotel was in 3 separate buildings. There is a monorail stop between the MGM casino area and tower 1, as well as a ton of eateries, fast food places, and shops. The MGM casino in general seemed to be a bit less busy than many of the other casinos we visited during our trip, which could be nice if you're looking for a bit of a slower pace. The spa is also in this area between tower 1 and the casino.Our room itself was quite wonderful. We had a junior suite, which had a king-size bed, living room area, small balcony, kitchenette, and large bathroom with a separate shower and large jacuzzi tub. Pretty damned nice. It felt luxurious.The public hotel areas in the Signature towers are nice, although not as grand as what you'll see in other hotels. We didn't get a chance to use the pool; each tower has its own and they close at 7 p.m.... not sure if this is a Vegas standard, but that was a bit disappointing.Overall, I would consider staying here again if I make it back to Vegas, but since I can only compare it to casino hotels I've stayed at in Atlantic City and CT, I can't say for sure if it's really much nicer than any of the other quality places on the strip.
3	Despite the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed the actual hotel during our stay from June 25th-27th, today a woman plummeted to her death near the pool from her balcony on the 35th floor. We unfortunately had to see this from our room, which was on the 24th floor and next to the balcony where the person fell. It took the hotel a LONG time for them to cover the mangled body with an umbrella out of view. This tragedy has ruined our trip. Spirits are obviously down, and we're all shaken and feeling very saddened. My mother was 30 feet away outside having a cigarette when the person fell, and my boyfriend and I were in the pool about 10 minutes before this happened....I don't fault the Signature in this at all, however they wouldn't give us ANY explanation, which was obviously frustrating because there was a dead woman outside our room in full view. It ended up being a criminal case, so the silence makes sense, but it also seemed like they were just trying to cover it up so they wouldn't lose money. Whoever built these suites was a moron for putting in balconies on a 30+ story building in VEGAS-- a place where partying, over-drinking, losing money, rough-housing, etc. are synonymous with the city itself. Not a good combo. A lot of people seem to like the balconies, but I was in the pool 15 minutes before the person killed themselves, and I remember thinking, "I'm glad we don't have a balcony room... that's an accident waiting to happen." Obviously this woman took her own life, but if you intend to drink or are with children, request a room without a balcony as a practical tip.  The actual suites are amazing, and aside from this incident I'd recommend The Signature to anyone. Rooms come with a fully-operational kitchen, nice-sized mini-fridge, electric stovetop, comfortable King-sized beds, bathrooms with amazing showers and a huge jacuzzi tub & extremely helpful staff. The fitness center and pool are also amazing-- we originally went to the MGM Pool Area, but I actually prefer the pool area here at the Signature. It's quieter, more relaxing and the water is colder (considering it's 102 degrees outside, the temp. of the pool matters). I also like the classier vibe: no smoking and no gambling. The actual three towers are connected to MGM, so you can easily walk over via an air-conditioned passageway and get your fill of gambling and slots. I also REALLY liked the free wifi and the complimentary valet! So nice to not have to walk into a hot self-park garage to find your car and/or load in your stuff. It is a long walk to strip during the summer when the heat is this intense, BUT parking is free all around Vegas, so we've just drove to and from different hotels. Not a big deal for us. Enjoy your stay here, but be cautioned: This is not the first time a jumper has killed themselves at The Signature and it probably won't be the last. It ruined our trip and has created a traumatic imprint on my mind forever. :( Even though I loved the hotel, I won't be back.
5	I LOVE this place! Our room was exceptionally clean and comfortable and spacious (bigger than my apartment in DC!) The best part is the bathrooms... two FULL baths (which is critical when you have more than one girl staying with you) with the master having an enormous shower and jet tub, side-by-side sinks and a separate toilet room. There was large entry area, a sitting area with a couch and lounge chair, and a galley kitchen with a sink, two-burner stove, a microwave and a generously sized fridge. We also made great use of the balcony, which had a great view of the desert (I  believe the other side as a view of the strip).The hotel facilities were exactly as we hoped; the three private pools were only open to Signature guests which provided a nice getaway from the sometimes rowdy crowd at the other MGM pool which sees a lot of foot traffic for their exclusive meat-market-ish club. The fitness center in Tower 1 was perfect with several treadmills, elliptical machines, and stationary bikes in addition to weight machines and a dumbbell area.The walk to the stip was EASY. About 5 minutes from the lobby of Tower 2, to the strip, INDOORS, on caparet, and with A/C. I can't believe people would complain about that.  And unlike every other hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas, there is ZERO wait for a cab, and NO line at check-in. PERFECT!Just be sure you reserve a room through the Signature itself, not through another company. Some of the rooms are privately owned, so if you get one of those rooms, you won't get the Signature Service.
4	I was in Vegas for work...7 days! Far too long to be in Vegas. Thank goodness for The Signature. The Signature Towers sit just behind the MGM Hotel and are a non-smoking, no gaming hotel. I was in Tower 1 and from there it was about a 7 min walk into the main MGM hotel (maybe 5 if you power walk on the moving walkway). The rooms are set up for an extended stay with spacious accommodations, a small seating area with a fold out couch, large bathroom (w/an XL Jacuzzi Tub) with small TV, large shower and a kitchenette equipped with an electric stove, mini fridge, microwave, toaster, blender and all your necessary kitchen gadgets and accessories. The room was very clean, quiet, though my view wasn't great as it over looked the pool and a parking garage across the street. Honestly not a big deal since I was barely in the room. The bed was comfy, pillows a little on the soft side, but not terrible and the sheets super soft! Each tower has its own pool with the pools at Tower 1 and I believe Tower 3(?) adults only. I think it's the pool at Tower 2 that is the family pool and kid friendly. They have a mini store (sodas, bottled water, chips and snacks) in the lobby area, a Starbucks (though they're only open till 5?) and a great little deli called Delights with breakfast eats, pizzas and wraps. I went there twice for their yummy Melrose wrap! So Good!Do be aware that they "close" the lobby in Tower 1 around 7pm? But they have staff in Tower 2, a very short walk from Tower 1, available to assist you should you need any help. I really enjoyed my stay here- the rooms were clean and quiet, beds comfy, staff friendly and rates inexpensive. I would definitely stay here again!
5	my friends and i stayed here for our weekend trip to vegas for new years and loved it. we wished we could have stayed longer just so the first night we got there we could sleep in. the beds were so comfy and the view was just so amazing. we were on the 16th floor i believe and our balcony looked down to the strip. we had a jacuzzi tub and shower even though our suite was one of the average sized one. we had one bed that i shared with a friend and then a pull out couch bed. it was very clean and the concierge clerks were very friendly. we were walking distance from the strip and other hotels which was nice. the hotel had also left a note on our door the next day (the day we were leaving) and said we could sleep in past our check out time for another 2-3 hours if we liked for about 20 or 30 bucks more or we could stay another day for 75 or 80 more which wasn't too bad. we just did the extended 2-3 hours and slept in a little longer. best vegas stay ever.
1	BlueChipVegas, the company that apparently also books rooms at the MGM Signature Suites is the biggest underhanded and down right the worst experience you can have when you're in Vegas.  Listen up people, beware beware beware, save your money and dont use them to book your hotel.  I personally could care less as too how the partnership works between MGM and this STUPID BlueChipVegas.  When I book a room at the MGM Signature Suites I expect MGM level of service and not a scenario where the name on the outside is MGM but in reality the service is at the Motel 6 level.  Just to give you a few examples of this lousy, nerve wrenching experience, here is what happened:1.  We book the place and pay for in full 5 months in advance through Living Social and litterally 3 days before we are suppose to arrive, Chrystal Espinosa calls us to let us know the room is no longer available and that she was going to downgrade us.  Keep in mind the contract was final back in February because we had accepted their offer and paid for in full.  This alone should get any reasonable person furious.2.  We were promised and paid extra for an early check in.  But when we got there, the front dest told us they didn't know of such accomodations.  So, even though the room was available and we had paid for it for an early check in, we still weren't given our room until aroumd 2:303.  They wanted to charge an extra $45 for normal room service claiming that we were not part of the hotel stay.  What bulls**t, if the place is known as MGM Signature Suites, why the hell am I getting Motel 6 service.......etc.Anyway people, I don't want to bore you with more examples.  If I were you I would stay away.  I do hold MGM partially responsible for this outragious experience because they should have a little more pride in their name and not allow some low class partner ruin their customer's experiences.  MGM itself has always been great but this Sinature Suites partnership with BlueChip really CHEAPENED the Vegas experience and for that I must give the Signature Suites a 1.  If you want a better rating then show me.  Don't partner up with some low class shady business and expect that they wont drg your name in the mud with their's.
4	I love this hotel! This is my second time staying here and just got back from my sister's bachelorette party. The hotel is elegant, very clean, and all the towers are conveniently located to MGM without the ruckus or smoke smells from the regular hotels. I loved that we could walk out to our own tower pools or head over to the MGM pools. The deluxe suites were beautiful! Sometimes you dodn't want to go outside but rather take a nice long bath in the jacuzzi tub. I highly recommend it! Totally worth the price.
1	When my group arrived at this hotel (8:00 PM) the front desk agent told me that the room was not ready and that I have to wait 30 minutes so they can clean the room. The hotel check-in policy said "Your rooms are guaranteed to be ready anytime after 3pm" and I do not understand why my room was not ready at 8:00 PM. When I asked for the hospitality manager the front desk agent told me that I can call from my room. As a result of this delay, the night was ruined. My dinner reservation was cancel and other events that was planned for that night was delayed or cancelled.Way to screw up our bachelor party weekend. Never again!!!
5	By far my favorite hotel in Las Vegas! We've stayed at the Aria and Vdara among others and the Signature is by far our favorite. The views are generally good. There are jacuzzi tubs in the rooms, free bottles of water every day. The fitness center is good and not crowded. It's mentioned that it is a bit away from the strip but we clocked in at about 8 minutes from leaving the tower to Planet Hollywood and there is a covered walkway straight to the MGM Grand. Strongly reccomend The Signature.
5	Just spent a very nice weekend in Vegas, and I must say The Signature was a great place to stay! The Junior Suite we had was big and comfortable for two people, with a nice little jacuzzi-style bathtub, big shower, comfy bed, little kitchenette area if you want to cook for yourself (in Vegas? Really?) and a Balcony. The room was clean and the facilities were nice, but it seemed to me that it was a lot quieter to stay at The Signature then one of the hotels that is right on the strip. However, because The Signature is connected to MGM Grand, and there is a covered AIR CONDITIONED walkway with those lazy-ass people mover things in between The Signature and MGM Grand, it feels like you are right on the strip, because everything is right there!I highly recommend staying here, especially if you can get a cheap room rate for it like I did off of a certain website that is named after a particular jungle. It was a great room and great value too!
5	The MGM signature is a lovely hotel/ condo property conveniently located on the south end of the strip. You will find that some of the property is actually condo's owned by buyers whom either live there or rent them out. No staff is there to per sway you into purchasing the property and this is not a time share. It is however an elegant boutique hotel with fine and affordable accommodations in Vegas. We love this property because we can count on a great location, a reliable staff, a clean room and bathroom, and comfort. There are a variety of suites, jr. suites, one bedroom, and two bedrooms, depending on how much privacy you need they are all large enough to share with four persons in any of them. Breakfast is not included but can be for an additional charge, but room services is 24 hours, is super delish, and the suites have kitchenettes! Concierge handles clients with care and we really don't care to stay anywhere else when we are in Vegas. At MGM we can spend our days shopping or soaking in either of the two private pools at Signature, take in the Spa treatments or float in our tubes on the Lazy River, slushy Margerita's in hand. Really it's almost as good as an island getaway. Leisurely nights to attend shows (KA by Cirque Du Soleil plays at MGM, though we highly recommend Zumanity), throw your hard earned dough into the Casinos, or eat French fusion cuisine at Joel Rubuchon's. MGM also has access to the metro to whisk you all over the city of lights. You really wouldn't even have to leave the hotel to have a fab weekend!
5	I love this hotel!!! We have been twice and it is consistently clean and the valet service is excellent. For the money that you pay, the rooms are gorgeous. I especially appreciate that there isn't a casino directly below  because it is so peaceful to return to after all of the craziness that is Vegas....is it just me or does the awesome jacuzzi style tub need a stair or two to safely enter it? It was difficult even when I was sober!!! Will definitely be back....p.s.  don't eat in the cafe on the first floor....$5.00 for an 8oz glass of milk is ridiculous unless it comes from a golden cow!!
3	Got a great deal through their website but when we got there the taxes and fees seemed ridiculous compared to the quoted price. Even for Vegas. Also, the promised free buffet at a choice of MGM properties seemed to no longer exist. Or our registration guy had no idea what it was or how to fix the computer glitch. Either way, he ignored my three requests to find out how we were going to make it happen. I don't eat buffet food anyway. We reserved a one bedroom suite and it was GREAT. Separate bedroom, huge balcony, two bathrooms and a kitchen. If they weren't so expensive, I would have bought one (I looked into it).Only a couple glitches... no late check out (even by half an hour) and the pool area is so slippery that they're gonna get themselves sued. I brought it up to the waitresses at the pool and they even told me that management knows about it yet does nothing. My husband fell on his back. Awesome. Good thing he was mostly unscathed... The walk to MGM is a lot faster then going out to the strip. Especially in 110 degree weather. Not sure if we'll be back... but if we do, it'll be the one bedroom suite.
4	I headed to Vegas for a bachelorette party last weekend and we stayed at the Signature.  We stayed in 2 suites and they were very nice.  I was impressed with the bathrooms... jetted tubs, lots of space, and well lit.  If 10 ladies had no issues getting ready in these 3 bathrooms (one suite had 2 bathrooms), then most people will have zero issues.   The rooms weren't as big as I was expecting but they were still spacious enough and they were very clean and quiet. I'm afraid we might have been the loud party on the floor, hopefully we didn't bother anybody. The hotel was very accommodating any time we needed anything it was brought up in record time. The WiFi was also a nice free feature.  One day we enjoyed the tower pools and had great service by the wait staff.  I had an excellent pina colada while roasting in the sun. The only gripe is that I wish we were a little closer to the strip.  It wasn't that big of a deal to take the air conditioned walkways over to MGM Grand, it just added a little time to our walking trip (and when you have hooker heels on the less walking the better).
4	I live at the MGM Signature and thought some of you might be interested in the perspective of a full-time resident.This is a great place to live. Here are the things you need to know:RENT: Always rent directly from the apartment owner. You can find owners on Craigslist amongst other places. Do not attempt to rent through a third party like Blue Chip or you will get gouged on price. A fair price for a fully furnished one bedroom (as opposed to a studio Jr. Suite) unit on an upper floor is $1,800/month with a one year lease. Rent typically includes water, trash, electricity, and cable but this is negotiable with the owner. CONVENIENCE: I considered all of the residences on the strip and the Signature is by far the most convenient. There's a monorail stop a few steps from the Signature's MGM concourse. This monorail, combined with free trams, and a set of well-connected bridges will get you anywhere along the strip in no time. LEARN TO LOVE WALKING: Don't live here if you don't like to walk. The Signature is not an appropriate long-term solution for the elderly or those in wheelchairs.CABLE / INTERNET / PHONE: Cable is supposed to be included but the service is worthless. You only get a few channels and no DVR. Internet is supposed to be included but it's worthless. Reliable WiFi is only available in the lobby. Phone is supposed to be included but it's...worthless, because The Signature front desk constantly spams your phone's voicemail with ads. There are per-call charges too. All of these gripes can be answered easily in two words: COX CABLE. Get them out to your apartment ASAP. For $115/mo, you'll get high-speed Internet, cable, DVR, and phone service. Problem solved.FOOD: I'm a forty year old male who never learned how to cook. Every meal is eaten in a restaurant. Needless to say, the Signature is like paradise for guys like me. It will take me years to explore all the great eateries within walking distance.PARKING: There is no self-parking. Valet only. I thought I was going to hate this but it's awesome. The valets are super quick and once they get to know you, they prioritize your vehicle vs. those of the tourists. Technically it's free but I give them a $5 tip when they bring me my car.NOISE:  I've been here for six months and haven't heard a peep from my neighbors. Due to the unit layouts, you must be in a one-bedroom to obtain this level of peace and quiet. If you rent a "Jr. Suite" (i.e. studio) near the elevator, you're going to get major noise. Also, if you work from home during business hours, you'll want to avoid Tower 1 which overlooks the Wet Republic pool. Upper floors on Tower 2 + Tower 3 are your best bet to avoid residual sub-woofer sound from the loud DJ's at the pool during the day.GYM: Great gym. It's small but has adequate cardio equipment, weight machines, and free weights. It gets busy between 7:30am-9:00am. Avoid those hours and you'll have no problem.PRIVACY ISSUES: Be prepared for a Signature employee to enter your unit at any time without adequate warning. I requested housekeeping recently. They entered my unit at 10:30pm while I was in bed. Another time they were doing fire alarm checks and walked in after knocking and not waiting for an answer. MAIL PROBLEMS: The Signature's mail system is screwed up in spectacular fashion. Full time tenants do get a private PO box conveniently located in a secure mail room. BUT... It's a mail room with no outbound mail slot. Your only option is to walk to the business center at the MGM hotel. Crazy. But it gets weirder. Let's say you live on the twenty fifth floor in unit 715. In any other building in the world, the mailing convention would be: 135 E. Harmon #25-715. That address works for UPS/FedEx, but for DMV/utilities, you'll need to remove the third digit of the unit number. You also have a PO Box, whose number is totally unrelated to the unit number. You'll need to memorize up to four different mailing addresses and figure out which one to use in each circumstance.WASHER / DRYER: The "green" washer and dryers built into each unit are effectively useless. There's a secure laundry facility downstairs with plenty of "real" washer/dryers that work just fine. No biggie. BOGUS RENEWAL CHARGE:  The reservation system expires your parking permit and your apartment/laundry/mail key every three months, forcing you to deal with the front desk and parking security four times each year to "renew" all of these items. This seemed completely unnecessary to me at first, and it boggled my mind as to why they would force loyal tenants to go through this mindless routine every three months. Then I found out why they do it. They charge a "reservation fee" each time. It's not a ton of money, but it's a tacky and classless thing to do in my opinion.All in all, despite a few misgivings about the way the management handles certain day-to-day aspects of tenant life, I'm glad I moved here. It's a great place to live.
4	We just returned home from a good weekend in Vegas. We won a weekend package, and as part of that we got to stay at the Signature at the MGM Grand. The room was beautiful, and clean. The entire building was clean. The staff was fantastic. There was some confusion about billing. This was a gift we had won and we weren't responsible for payment. The front staff was awesome helping us make sure it all was cleared up. If you want to hit Vegas and want to stay at a resort off the strip, you should consider the Signature at MGM. A couple of down sides. First, the MGM casino the main property is a walk. That didn't bother us. Second, the resort fee. That is lame. You get Internet with it, but the connection sucked.
1	Rooms are great but the front desk is terrible. Front desk was slow and not organized and charged my credit card for charges that were not mine.  Clearing it up with the was a nightmare.  The valet parking is also a nightmare.  They need to incorporate self parking because they don't have the staff to handle weekend nights.  I made a reservation at Fiamma, an MGM restaurant and asked the front desk for their phone number because i wanted to cal the restaurant to let them  know we were running ten minutes late and they didn't have the number and gave me much attitude about. Again, rooms are great but the front desk and valet parking make the stay not worth it.
2	I go to Vegas all of the time and have stayed in most of the hotels. I wanted to stay at the Signature because I heard their suites were pretty good. I was very disappointed. I totally agree with another reviewer who said that the room felt like an empty condo that we rented, not a nice hotel room. The room was big, but it was sparse, in terms of it wasn't nicely decorated at all. A lot of amenities were missing, including a hair dryer, sheets for the pull out bed, etc. Sure, they have a kitchen, but you don't go to Vegas to cook yourself dinner. Also the walk to the MGM is VERY far. VERY far. And then once you get to the MGM hotel proper, you need to walk pretty far to get to the gaming floor.  The adults only pool at the Signature is fine, but tiny and you can't get shade unless you pay for a cabana. Also, I did not like the service at the MGM Signature at all. The front desk people were pretty surly and no one seemed happy to be there, or happy to have me as a guest there. I won't be returning. For my money, the suite at THEhotel was much, much nicer.
1	I had high expectations for the "penthouse junior suite" we booked for our anniversary trip... Which is unfortunate because those expectations were squashed, to say the least. And shame on me for booking thru Blue Chip Vegas because they offered a better deal.. I can't emphasize more how much I DO NOT recommend making that same mistake. We got to Vegas at 8am. Went to the hotel to see if we were lucky enough to check in early. The front desk rep stated that if we booked thru them, we could check in now, but our room thru blue chip is separate (rooms managed by a separate company on behalf of some rich guy that bought up a bunch of rooms as an investment) and she couldn't help me. Here's a cell phone number you can call -she says. OK... Call that, get VM. Call again, VM. Call again, they say - call back at 1 and we'll see. Ok...I can handle this, nothing to get upset about yet. I call at 1pm...VM. Three calls later, they say we can go check in. Great!! But then we get to the room and granted its a nice room with a beautiful view, as I check out the place I not only find someone's garbage in the silverware drawer, and someone's long black hair on the bathroom floor, but there was also dried pee on the toilet seat! Really? Did anyone bother to clean this place at all? I'm also afraid to walk on the carpet with all the stains on them or sit on the bench because of terrible stains..I'm starting to wonder if I can trust the sheets?! Oh... I don't want to even think about it. And don't bother asking for someone to clean it for you - I had to do it myself because they weren't available after 4pm, all you got was VM when you called. And if you left a VM, don't expect a call back. But, all this can't ruin my vacation, right?!  So, I shrug it off and move on to all the fun things that await me in Vegas. Although, that was hard to do once we returned the next day because after being gone for 10+hours sightseeing, we come to find that our door was propped open all day, by the maids, I presume. I felt so uneasy and upset that anyone could've been tracing thru our room at any point of the day. Thank goodness I locked my valuables in the safe before I left - which isn't a habit of mine. We immediately called that number to complain. But I don't have to explain to you where that went.. Nowhere..A VM was left and still no return call for an apology. Terrible terrible terrible service, I still can't believe that actually happened.Oh - and I wouldn't suggest trying the spa tub unless you want to shower in Purell afterward. After using mine then draining it, it was literally coved in small black hairs, as though someone just shaved their cat in there. So gross it makes my stomach turn every time I think of it.
3	Actually stayed at a local casino as I had some friends in town from the bay area and so we all stayed at the MGM Signature Hotel.1.  Parking -  5 star - If you are local, they all have their own valet and parking. I did not find self parking, however, the valet was fine. Sometime it took a little bit of time to get the car, yet much faster than casino valet.  The valet jockeys were all nice. 2,  Bell Desk - 5 star - When you arrive, they assist you with your luggage. I noticed they were very busy yet the team was always there when you needed them.  We had rolling luggage, so we did not need them in the end, yet they were very helpful and attentive. 3.  Check In - 1 star - We checked in at about 3:30 pm on Friday.  Fridays on a summer month are still busy in Vegas.  My question is, why would they have a staff of two checking everyone in, allow a line of 10 to be created when they have check in computers for at least 6-7 staff?  Did not make sense.  One person in front of us had to be given water by the security as he looked like he was gonna pass out... This is Vegas.  It is Friday.  The impression of the hotel with only 12 people in line watching 2 people handle check in inefficiently is not a positive customer service event.4.  Suites - 5 star - Absolutely fantastic.  Clean, luxurious, big, sophisticated.  This is not the Four Seasons, or Venetian or Bellagio, however, it is awesome in its own right.  Perhaps a simpler sophistication.5.  Amenities - 3 star- Small Gift show for food and stuff. - Convenient  Starbucks - Not sure why they don't have more staff from 7 - 9:00 am when 30 people are in line. All of the towers in the MGM Grand go to the same starbucks, or attempt to.  So, line management for a resort should be considered. Not much else.6.  Walk to facilities - 2 star - To get to the MGM Grand with all things a casino has to offer, dining, gambling, entertainment, you have to walk about 8 minutes.  While it is actually a decently quick walk inside tunnels and all, it is simply not good.  Late at night, it is limited as cleaning crews are cleaning. revelers are being boisterous and if your lady friends are in heels, well, that will not be fun at all.  Very convenient and inconvenient!I like this place and can recommend it. I would just warn many people the it is a great deal, just that it is not as convenient and properly managed like you would expect.
4	beautiful suite one bedroom, well done, nice views, awesome pool. my only gripe, no kettle in the kitchen.
1	Great rooms but that's all. First we have been moved to another room the second night ruining our morning. Barbara at the front desk was rude and unhelpful and made us get crazy to solve a problem they caused! They also messed with our players card and we never saw coffee and newspapers included in the suite price! A beautiful setting ruined by the attitude of the employees.. Will never book it again!
4	Viva Las Vegas, I do love it. Word to the wise, really really consider where you want to stay based on who you are traveling with when visiting Vegas and what you're activities are gonna be. For example, if there only 4 of you and you've never been before-stay on the strip But if you planned a trip for 7 with limos and Mandalay Bay, Wet Republic, or Planet Hollywood? Well then, stay at the Signature!  (Beware though: certain hotels are not "on the strip" but certainly market like it's "not that far" Lies. Vegas is like Texas, everything is bigger here-sure you can see The Bellagio just down the way....but it will take you seventy million years to walk there.)ANYWAYS: We were 7 girls for a bachelorette party and wanted connecting rooms or a two bedroom suite. There is a couple hotels in Vegas that do this (Palm's Place, Mirage) and I hadn't tried The Signature before. It's 'off the strip" but connected to the main MGM hotel by a tunnel. The tunnel, in fact, comes right out at the entrance to the pools, Wet Republic, and the Spa. Very convenient! Two bedrooms suites sell out in advance normally, so book ahead of time! There is a cafe and a Starbucks in the three Signature towers, but for more food choices you'll have to catch a cab somewhere, order room service, or head to the MGM. There is a full kitchen in the suites, pre-funk baby! Fill it up with booze and snacks and save loads of moola. The rooms were nicely decorated, with patios that actually open, another amenity usually found in all suite hotels or condo towers turned hotels like this one. I would book it again but there was a few weird things. One, no linens for the pull out beds, and when they finally sent some up they brought no sheets, then when they finally got sheets they brought just the bottom ones for each pull out. Sigh. Two: I felt like there was two towels in the entire suite. We called for more, np, but I dub a hotel truly up on customer service by when they use some preemptive thought. For example: Front desk: "How many keys would you like Miss S?"Me: "Seven please" Front desk: "Of course, and I'll send extra linens and towels up right away" ....woulda been nice. The pools at each tower are simple but nice, with slushy drink bars and some food service, safe and quiet. The allure of Wet Republic and MGM's lazy river calling you? No worries, head on over-take the tunnel. All in all we spent so much time at MGM we should have just stayed there! But the extra square footage and large bathrooms with 7 chicks was great. 4 stars. I'd do it again...and order so many towels and sheets I'd be able to make a fort out of em. Oh and cheers to the gentlemen at the curb, always sweet and handing out free waters-they getcha a cab in a hott second and stow your bags safely.
4	They are so accommodating it made my heart warm and fuzzy... or maybe that was just the alcohol. We arrived super early for check in and figured we'd just store our bags until an acceptable check in time. No worries to be had, they allowed a 9a check-in. NICE!It's attached to the MGM by a tunnel which is considerably long... Almost a hassle, but not enough to where I wouldn't stay again. I appreciate that it's an indoor trek since Vegas weather can be quite cruel. If you're taking a cab just make sure you tell the cabbie you're going to the Signature so they can drop you off at the Signature entrance or you'll be drunkenly trekking through the casino in you're fabulous Vegas gear if you just say MGM.I love that the monorail is so close to the Signature entrance. Really people, if you haven't started using the monorail, you really should!!! But that's another review. Another thing I love? That I have access to the MGM lazy river, and it's a way shorter trek than if I were staying in the casino. All in all I love. I get the fun casino amenities but some privacy as well. The staff is super courteous, helpful, and the rooms are dreamy.It's just that damn tunnel!!!
2	VERY DISAPPOINTING!!Nice room, good location.Desk and Restaurant Staff sucked. Tried to renig on credits.Food poor, Starbucks good and close.
4	My friends and I stayed in a nice 2 bedroom suite at the Signature for a bachelor party! I had a great stay. The amenities were great and they don't restrict you from having outside alcohol like the Grand does. The walk to the MGM Grand was not bad at all and I actually like the convenience of having a separate taxi line. You can wait up to half an hour for a cab at the Grand, whereas at The Signature there was no wait. The rooms are more spacious and well appointed. Having a full size fridge was a perk too. The 2 bedroom suite is actually the 1 bedroom suite connected to a junior suite. It gives you 2.5 baths, 2 king beds and 2 queen sleeper sofas. The Signature is a great property, by no means is it the nicest hotel on the strip. The accouterments were not over the top, but the room was well appointed. Easily the best value for luxury on the strip. With a friendly staff and all perks of the Grand, I'm giving it 4 stars.
3	I got a Living Social-ish deal for The Signature. What I did not realize was, was that it was NOT with The Signature but some weird third party where I was 'renting' a privately owned condo from a group called "International Luxury Suites'. BE WARNED!This led to some annoyances like the fact that if we wanted more towels, we would have to call a separate number. And honestly, I am still going to judge this review as The Signature. If they allow people to purchase and rent out units in their facility, they need to have a standard. Our room felt like no one updated it in ages, as evident by some of the issues I detail below:-There were holes in the sheets!! (See pics)-Alarm clock was set to wrong time-The hotel does not allow you to call down for valet to get your car - wait times were up to AN HOUR on Sunday-Outdated room service menus (when we called for certain things, we found out we had a HALF YEAR OLD menu)-Can't go into pool past eight - can only stare at it longingly from your balcony-Our room was fourth floor which did have a nice view of the pool, but also an ugly view of a giant parking lot-No chairs on balcony-No cable channels, just network-I paid for a cabana and it took them a long time to open our mini fridge (note it was 104 degrees that day)Pro- The woman was very friendly when I ordered room service Overall, I felt like this hotel was trying to be high end/classy, but it is not.
4	Good value for the price (thanks BlueChipVegas.com...!), roomy, clean with updated interior unlike that the sketchy adjacent MGM.   My only complaint is that it is super far from everything and the cab situation is virtually non-existent late at night.   I understand that this is a mixed-residence type of deal, but the lack of cabs (and having to walk over to the zoo masquerading as a cab stand at MGM) was pretty ridiculous.   Would recommend if you're looking for a quiet, non-casino hotel, with a nice kitchenette and firm beds.
4	Stayed here for work and for EDC (back to back! Imagine that) and both times I enjoyed my stay. Rooms are nice suites. Parking was easy to use valet. I would recommend this place. 15 minute walk from tower 3 to MGM and all the food gambling and fun you could want!
5	I love love loved my time at the Signature.  I rented the two bedroom penthouse suite through Jet Rentals.  I was there for a bachelorette and it was the perfect size and came with a kitchen.  The cost of the room being split among 5 girls (not including the bride) and with splitting a $250 grocery delivery from Vons we were able to stay in Vegas for three nights and eat 90% of our food and pregame so that we barely had to pay for drinks out (it was a bachelorette party)  came to under $300 a person.  All we had to pay for outside he room was entertainment.  It made Vegas so much more possible for some of us on a bit of a budget crunch.    It was so luxury,  It has two giant tubs that we used multiple times and filled with tons of bubbles.  The kitchen was fully equipt with everything you might need, and I mean everything.  It has really nice expensive appliances in the main kitchen and the kitchenette.  There was a TV everywhere you turned, though we didn't use them.  Amazing views of the desert on one side and the strip on the other.  A ton of space in the rooms.  There was also a washer and dryer that we didn't end up needing.  The staff was awesome, every person on the staff was incredible and really catered to everything I asked for, no one couldn't answer a question.  We accidentally set the fire alarm off in our room making grilled cheese sandwiches and the guys that came to fix it were very nice and quick ( which is important for your eardrums and sanity).  One of the girls in our party had a bit too much fun one night and as our limo came to the front one of the staff members brought her a wheelchair and took her up and put her in bed.  No judgments, obviously this is something they deal with in Vegas and were very professional about it.  The valets were all very quick to help us with everything.  I didn't run into a single staff member that didn't have a sense of humor and seem to enjoy their job.  The overall hotel was very nice.  We were in tower three, which is the farthest from the MGM Grand, but in the air conditioned walkway with a bunch of giggling girls I didn't even really notice it.  The pool at the Signature is pretty serene, it was a little to tame for our taste, but perfect if you want peace and space.  We actually liked the MGM Grand pool a little better only because it was more of a party.    My experience was in the two bedroom suite and would 100% go back for a larger group.  I have not stayed at many other hotels in Vegas,  I might try others if I go on a romantic getaway or couples weekend just for new experiences, but I know now the Signature is a sure thing for groups! one more thing- If you go to any Valet in the hotel they have cold water that you already paid for as part of a $25 resort fee, every shop in the hotel has $9 evian water, don't do it, just ask the Valet, you can even bring your own drinks to the pool!
4	Enjoyed my stay here. Clean and mostly quiet, no casinoValet parking, fast and friendly with free waters!Able to use the MGM Grand pools and amenities Nice rooms with big tubs, comfy bedsComes with kitchen if you want to bring food My only gripes would be the thin walls, and the tv was a little weird being connected to the kitchen portion. Also it felt a little bit more like a condo rental that a hotel. But I would stay here again for sure. Good deal for a nice room.
4	Really nice suites here with balcony, kitchen, jacuzzi tube, separate shower, TV in bathroom, fold out couch, and even an empty fridge (kind of a mini condo).  All this at a good price when we book through a property management company www.bluechipvegas.com.  Some of these condos are owned and they hire management companies to rent them at a cheaper cost.  There are 3 towers and I recommend tower 1 since the only complaint about these towers is that they are not on the strip and a little walk to the MGM (all indoor walkways) and tower 1 is the closest.  MGM is newly remodelled and has everything you need to never leave.
3	It's between a 3 and 4 a star.....We had just gotten married and decided to wait on the big honeymoon - for our 'minimoon' we figured a quick getaway to Vegas was the right way to go.We didn't want to stay in a hotel with a smoky casino but we still wanted something fairly luxurious and semi on the strip.  This looked good for the price so we went with it.The good:- The rooms are clean and nice.  There is plenty of room - large bathroom, sitting area, etc.- No smoky casino - loved that we were close-ish to the strip but didn't have to deal with that- Pool was simple but it fit the bill for what I wanted- Can walk to MGM in walkway and access lots of great restaurants.The not so good:- Checkin took forever - only one person.  We arrived at night the thursday before Labor Day weekend.  - We mentioned that we were on our honeymoon, the guy behind the desk was terrible.  Even if no free perks, some people skills would be nice - a nice congratulations??  Instead, he told us about some limo we can pay for (what??) and then when we asked if there were upgrades, the option he gave us was pricey and had no information whatsoever.  When we got married and stayed @ the Westin the night of our wedding, they gave us champagne and strawberries.  Not necessary but it's a nice touch and very small.- they put us in Tower 3, the furthest tower.  But the checkin was closed in that tower when we arrived, so we had to check in at Tower 1, and then walk all the way there.  I don't mind the walk but pretty inconvenient.- since we were in Tower 3, we were pretty far.  It was good and bad - we were far from main MGM but then we could walk out to the street and walk up to the Strip.  It was just super hot ... - For the brand I just expected a little better overall.
5	Unless you're a gambler racking-up all those comp deals, this luxurious hotel is the best you'll find for the price anywhere (strip or otherwise)!  Its location - right in the middle of the strip (the three tall towers behind the MGM) and amazing rooms with everything you could possibly need.  HUGE whirlpool tub, separate large shower, huge bathroom, vanity, full kitchen with blender, toaster, micro, fridge, pots, pans, utensils, balcony.... We paid under $100/night inclusive of the resort fee.  Valet parking free and there's a nice, comfortable air-conditioned walkway leading you directly to the MGM (placing you in the middle of Wet Republic to your left and the restaurant area to your right).  I absolutely loved staying here.  The best was also that you did not have to stand in a ridiculously long cab line as you would when staying at the main casino, and the lobby was not constantly filled with smoke and/or vagrants.  WIN WIN WIN on the hotel choice!  (Just wish I could say the same on the gambling... ah well, next time!)
3	The Signature was the perfect choice for my friends and me. We got the one bedroom suite and as we walked in the room we knew it was going to be great.For first impressions they were great. Nice gate entrance gave it they great luxury feel and welcomed in with complimentary valet. We got all our bags taken up and since we got there early with our room ready to go, they gave us a free early check-in. The lobby is very clean and all the 3 towers + the MGM is connected together with walk ways. The walk is NOT long at all. I saw reviews on hotel booking sites where people just kept complaining about it but it took no more than 5 mins to get to the MGM.The entire experience was great except for some minor flaws. The TV in the bedroom wasn't fulling coming up, so I called maintenance and they immediately came up to fix it. Also the safe was still closed from the previous guest so security had to come pop that open. The rest of the trip was great until day of check out where the water in our tower wasn't working. They said we had to go all the way to tower 3 and use the spa which everyone in the tower was already doing. I was hoping for some type reimbursement (maybe no resort fee), but nothing was given even with all the problems. Wouldn't of been such a big deal but we had some really smelly people after a night of clubbing and we couldn't shower.I would've given it 4 stars if not for all the issues
4	I would definitely stay here again, very positive experience...
1	Fuck this place. It's nothing special, and after getting attitude from the head of security for calling about a pair of $130 jeans I know I accidentally left in the room, I'm never going back.  I usually just use a service like airbnb, because I'm tired of the lack of accountability hotels quickly cite, and this is exactly why.  I tip housekeeping incredibly well, and do not appreciate that this is the 2nd time in Vegas that I have left and immediately contacted them to let them know i forgot something and because no one turned anything in, I'm assed out. No apology, no customer service to help me with any problem i was having, nothing.  I'm never staying at this place again.
5	My husband and I stayed here on an impromptu visit in March. The rate and room were excellent. Loved the jet tub :) Some key things to note - Valet Parking only, resort fee, non-smoking hotel. Also, no real restaurant options but it connects through an indoor walkway with MGM Grand. It is also a very quiet hotel.
2	The hotel was not bad but there were several disappointments.The good and best part was the MGM pool! We love a good pool and enjoyed a wonderful day. Huge lazy river and the bar service was fantastic.Another good part was the room and bathroom size. We normally stay at the Vdara and we prefer the separate, kitchen, living room and bedroom with walls but the Signature room was okay too. Always love having a fridge and kitchen area. The Jacuzzi tube and large separate shower was a plus as well.Now to the bad parts:- When first walking into our "non-smoking" room, it was extremely smoky. The room smelled awful.- We went to the smaller pool the first day because the security guard incorrectly told us that the MGM pool cost 25$. Which was fine, but the pool hours were closing within little over an hour so we chose to wait until the next day. We later found out that the adult pool charged the price and not the regular pool. We would've preferred to have enjoyed the larger pool twice if given the correct information.- Housekeeping was horrible. There was melted candy bar on coffee table and couch and a huge 3 foot rounded stain in the middle of the room floor. When we left early morning to go to the pool, the housekeeping light was turned on and we were gone all day arriving close to 4. The room was not cleaned when we arrived. We decided to take a nap and 15 minutes after arriving to the room, housekeeping arrived. They were very irritated that we were in the room even though they had all morning and afternoon to clean. They then started pressuring me for an answer asking if they can come back in 30 minutes. I said no and told them the light will be hit once again when we leave for dinner. Apparently that was the wrong answer because we never saw them again. Our room was never cleaned for 2 days! When packing to leave I found a nice crusted drip of sauce on the bed skirt too. It was disgusting. They obviously do not clean very often or well.-Lastly, when checking out, we were surprised with several charges to our room that we did not make. Several hundred for cabana rentals, couch rentals and a bar tab at the pool. It took awhile but they did take off the charges which was good. That has never happened to us before. I guess someone picked our room number and went to town. I really wanted to love this hotel because the pool was a big plus and it's been a long time since staying on this side of the strip. I would stay at the MGM but we prefer suite style rooms.They need to spend more time on the details if they want to claim being a high end hotel and to justify the rate. It would take a lot to get me to come back. It's unfortunate because we travel to Vegas at least once a month to visit family. Sad that this hotel is no longer on our list. Back to the Vdara!
5	We always say at this place when we go to Vegas. Great non smoking rooms that are clean and have a hot tub. Sheets and towels are very clean and customer service is very polite. Valet service makes it easy for you when you drive in and just want to go take a nap from a 4 hr drive. The walk from the hotel is kinda lengthy to get to the strip but not too bad. Best place for the price to stay in Vegas.
4	Loved this hotel -- great accommodations and quiet atmosphere for the $ plus just steps away from the MGM complex and the monorail.  We'll stay here every time we go to Vegas.
3	I really enjoyed staying at the Signature.  I found the place was in desperate need of some refurbishing on my floor, but I had a lower floor so I can see if they put more money for the people who spent more.  I would love to come back with my family now that I see how nicely their suites are put together.  If you want a place a little further off from all the action, this is not a bad place.  If you want to be directly on the strip, you may want to look elsewhere.
5	We absolutely loved staying at the Signature. This is a beautiful place and it has all the amenities you would need. If you love going to Vegas but hate always feeling like you are in a smoky loud casino the entire trip, the Signature is for you. It's close enough to walk or tram to anything on the Strip but far enough away to feel like you are away from all the craziness.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have stayed here only twice which the first time being a better experience. It is very classy and gives you that luxurious feeling. It only takes about 5-10 minutes to get to the actual casino floor. Honestly, it is not that far if you're actually walking and not waiting on the belt. The rooms are very big and roomy and it's more of a rather quiet and non-smoking hotel. Also, it is very affordable for the room size, with jacuzzi, full kitchen and balcony and living room. If you're not much of a gambler, this is the place to stay but even if you are like I said it's only 5-10 minutes away from MGM grand. The only bad part is if you plan on having guests over, you would have to let the front desk know so your friends can get in through the security gate. Also, that it is valet only, which people seem to complain about, but I actually like the valet =)
5	I've stayed at my fair share of hotels along the Strip and The Signature is by far one of my favorites.The Signature has all the comforts of a timeshare while still feeling like you're on the Strip.   This hotel was actually a former timeshare so the entrance is gated with access limited to hotel guests only.  I liked this because it made traffic in the lobby area fairly quiet.  This also made waiting for cabs a breeze; the lines and wait times for a cab were short or practically non existent.The rooms are spacious, clean and updated / modern.  We had 4 girls stay in a one bedroom suite and it was more than enough room for all of us.  The room had a huge master bath plus a smaller separate bathroom.  Both bathrooms had its own toilet and shower, which is a major time saver when there's 4 girls getting ready in one room.  The kitchen was fully stocked with all the utensils, plates, pots and pans needed to cook your own meals in the room, although we honestly only used it to heat up Cup-O-Noodles and drink. :)  All rooms have a small balcony and for a little extra you can get a room with a view of the pool / Strip.  We went for the cheaper option of a room not facing the Strip yet we still got a pretty decent view of the palm trees and the hotel entrance.While The Signature does not have its own casino, there is an indoor walkway that directly connects to the MGM hotel.  You will have all the same access to the casino, restaurants and pool area as you would if you were an MGM hotel guest.  Another plus about the walkway is that it ends directly at the entrance to the pool, so you don't have to walk through the casino in your swimsuit to access the pool, lazy river or WET Republic.  If you prefer to avoid the crowds at the MGM pool, The Signature has several pools on site.  The pools here are smaller and do not have as many shaded areas to sit in for free but it's definitely a lot less hectic compared to the MGM pool.While the Signature is not located directly on the Strip, it's close enough that you still feel part of the action.  There are 3 buildings for the Signature.  The particular building we stayed in (I believe it was Tower C) was the furthest from the MGM but was the closest access to the street / Harmon Ave.  The location was perfect for us because it was only a half mile (15 minute walk, not in heels or $5 + tip cab ride) to the Cosmo and City Center which was the hot spot at the time we were there.  If you're looking for shopping (clothes or groceries) the former PH Towers is even closer of a walk.The pricing at the Signature is competitively priced in comparison to other similar rooms / hotels.  You'll get more for what you pay for here and if you do some shopping around you can even get a pretty awesome deal.  I've seen promo codes for 20 - 25% off + freebies fairly often on their website, FB page or just through a Google search.
5	Yay! Another non-smoking, no-casino hotel in Vegas! We stayed here for 3 nights during the 2012 Olympia weekend. And boy did we choose the RIGHT hotel to stay at. We needed a hotel suite that came with a fully stocked kitchen, now this means it's locked and loaded with an oven to bake too! And The Signature delivered. Boy, did they deliver well! The kitchen alone was a masterpiece. It had all your necessary pots, pans, utensils, plates, dishwasher soap, dish soap, sponge, blender and even a toaster oven! Amaze balls I tell ya.Our one bedroom suite had a huge ass living room, which we barely spent time in, a nice balcony and 2 full bathrooms. Yep, 2!!! I liked out master bedroom bathroom a lot better because we had a HUGE ass pimped out jacuzzi tub and a nice TV in there for me to watch my reality shows as I got ready each day.The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever laid on. Not as good as the bed we laid on during our NYC trip last October, but it came pretty damn close! I like the fact that there are automatic buttons by the door if you don't want to be disturbed or if you need housecleaning to come up and clean everything. I happen to be there twice when the cleaning lady was doing her thang in our suite. She literally emptied out our dishwasher and hand dried each item, put it away and mopped the kitchen floor. I even caught her vacuuming the rooms too...we barely even walked around in that room. Haha!Another great bonus to this hotel is their 24 hour fitness center. OMG! It was the most amaze balls hotel fitness center I've ever worked out at. They had full on step mills in there for cardio and the new arc trainers too! All with an attached TV screen. And MAJOR plus, they had a smith machine. You know I went heavy on them squats with that smith machine! :)They also have this great little cafe/bakery called Delights in Tower 2 which is literally only a short walk from Tower 3 where we were staying at. Super delicious sweet treats here I tell ya. Valet service is very efficient here even when it gets kinda packed. They try to move as quickly as possible.Oh and major MAJOR brownie point for the awesome balcony we had on the tip top floor. Made our wild sexcapade that much better. ;)
4	Rented via MGM website..  this way you get daily maid service , concerige and great MGM staff at the front desk.  Valet was on top of whatever you needed-- taxi, limo, or y our own car.  The lobby and pool were clean, and nice looking. Good waitstaff at pool. but they need more free chairs vs pay for the day chairs.. Kudos to Jessica for taking care of my thirst in the hot sun.. :)I was in Tower 1 which is plenty close to mgm casino.. I think even Tower 2 would not be that far of a walk at all.. maybe.   Tower 3 would be a little bit of a hassle if you planned to go  back to  MGM several times a day.. Moving walkways make the walk short and easy.. Anybody should be able to make the walk with not any issue. Room was clean but not spotless and was in good condition. The couch looked new but there was a single recliner with footstool  in my room that was past its prime as was a floor lamp- it appeared busted .  Jetted tub in my master bath was stained and  needed a through cleaning.. not sure I would have wanted to get into it without it looking cleaner. Shower was great, kitchen was stocked and clean, fridge made great ice  and TVS were good.  Very nice 1 bedroom suite with balcony , overlooking MGM pool complex. I liked being close but not on top of the strip action.. so I recommend this as a good place to catch some sleep, hang at the pools and still be close to the action.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay and this resort.  We stayed in the Penthouse suite and these rooms were very big and the jacuzzi tub was great along with the larg shower!  Another great thing about the room is the kitchen, there is a fride included where you can actually put your own items in and is not stuffed with items you have to purchase!  There is a enclosed walkway to the casino and shops which was very nice and convenient.  In between your walk you can stop and get a quick drink at the bar as you walk.  The valet parking also came with our stay which was great and it was very quick to get a taxi with the staff making sure of that.  All the staff from the front desk to room service was very friendly.  I had asked for a high room with a view and they were able to accomodate me no problem.Overall we really enjoyed our stay here and will definitely be back!
4	#30DaysOfYelp: 18/30Sorry, wi-fi is spotty so I'll have to keep this short...Awesome stuff:-lazy river pool in the MGM Grand part...so fun! Float on inner tubes or just float yourself. :D-great daily specials on drinks at The Lounge (half-off bottles of wine on wednesdays)-big shower + large spa tub (I spent a lot of time in there!)-kitchenette (so good for cooking breakfasts-save money!)-comfiest beds ever (so good after staying out until 4am)-access to The District where there are a ton of dining options (want to try Shibuya, which has a hyuuuuge Sake selection)-coffee maker in suite, bonus.-includes a safe to lock up stuff...a necessity-double sink-tv in the bathroom (!!!!)Lost a star for:-missing cups/utensils in kitchen (why didn't the staff check? We had eggs but nothing to cook them in)-crappy wi-fi (ugh, cuts in and out)-longer walk to The Strip[edited to add details 2012-10-20 wi-fi working now]
5	I wanted to try something different then staying on the strip and dealing with a smokey casino and crowds of tourist around you so I picked the Signature. I was thinking about booking a room at MGM but decided to go along with the Signature, we stayed in tower #2 which was the middle tower and are designed as timeshares. This included a full kitchen, flat screen TV and a balcony which I loved the most because not all hotels have a private balcony. We had a view of the strip and we loved looking at the hotels around us and the sunset was very romantic. The spa tub in the bathroom was a great touch, especially from walking around in the 100+ heat. The lobby was spotless and the smoke smell was nonexistent, the pool area was very small and intimate compared to the bigger pools and included a waterfall and a spa. Signature guests are allowed to use the MGM pool which isn't a far walk and you're close to Wet Republic so you can kinda hear the thump thump music from the Signature. The walk to the MGM Grand is approximately 10 - 15 minutes from the hotel in a air conditioned indoor walk way with posters of singers that have performed in MGM in the past. I would definitely stay here again but I prefer to stay on the strip.
5	I stayed in a king suite with a balcony and small kitchen including a two burner stove. The bathroom was complete with a TV, shower, and tub.  I wish I had this exact bathroom at home. Everything about the service and room is unmatched to any other hotel I've stayed at recently.
2	Okay here goes: Let's start with the good stuff - always the best way to start.*Free Valet Parking*Every Room has a balcony (see below)*Fast elevators - very efficient*Windows coated with gold reflective surface so the sun was kept at bay and you don't need to use your curtains to keep out prying eyes. You still need to close your curtains at night to keep out the light though.*Very spacious bathroom, kitchenette and desk (although the desk was sticky/greasy) - really a spacious room overall.*Halls and common areas were well decorated.*A separate Pool for every tower and access to the MGM Grand Pools as well.*Could not hear the patrons in the floor above or below or next door - very sound proof.SO WHY THE TWO STAR RATING YOU ASK? WELL HERE'S WHY:I had booked under my name - Christopher Travers - and my friend with whom I was traveling watched as I did the check-in. The check-in clerk asked that my friend's name be added to the reservation - we did that - and throughout the rest of the stay I was called by his name instead of my own - by everyone! If the person is "added" to the reservation - that person is NOT the person who made the reservation and NOT the person who is paying for the room - most likely. I was not called by my name again during the stay. The hotel takes pride in calling their patrons by name. But every time I picked up the phone for something I was greeted with "How can I help you Mr. Parker?" The first night - 10/19/12 - a person tried to get into my room ten or fifteen times at 3:00 am or 4:00 am - repeatedly putting his key into my lock and causing the bleeping to occur each time. I was awakened, of course, and could not sleep again. I waited about 20 minutes then decided to see if the person had gone  - nope - he was still there - he was asleep lying face-down on the carpet outside my door. I called the front desk and was told by the clerk that this sort of thing happens "QUITE FREQUENTLY" and that since there are three identical towers at The Signature people who have had a few too many drinks mistakenly choose the wrong tower and disturb the guests accordingly. The front desk clerk sent for security and the man was awakened and taken away. I wish I had known this because I would have booked another hotel with better security on the elevator banks at 3:00/4:00 am and saved myself the disturbances. (The Signature cannot distinguish the tower/keys with different colors or some similar thing??? Really? You allow this sort of thing to happen QUITE FREQUENTLY?) I booked the room originally because of the non-smoking policy as it's so rare to find a non-smoking hotel in Las Vegas - it appears to be the only non-smoking hotel - and for the $75.00 MGM Dining Incentive. We had a meal at THE PEARL and charged it to the room after having been told that the $75.00 would be deducted automatically when we did this. It was not. I had checked out entirely and was in may car exiting the property when *I* remembered the dining credit - checked the "final" bill and saw that NO, the dining credit had not been applied. So I had to go back, park, get back in the check-out line - after having initially waited for 10 minutes in the line to check-out the first time - it was 11:00 am Sunday morning after all - the official check-out time - I then had to wait again to have the matter resolved. If I book a room with a specific dining credit - I expect that credit to be applied automatically and that the credit is not dependant on my memory of the incentive - computers can be programmed to work for the client rather than the hotel - they really can! Another thing was the room safe. It was locked when we got in the room. We called the front desk and they said they would send a person to open it. They never did. We stayed for two nights and three days and at no time was the safe opened and at no time were we able to use it. On to the issue of "non-smoking rooms" - On Saturday morning our room was filled with smoke, from poor ventilation I suspect. It was not a whiff of smoke but filled with the smell of smoke. I went to the hall to see if someone might be smoking there. No. The halls were completely clear of smoke. So it can only have been the ventilation system drawing smoke in to my room from other rooms where smoking was occuring against the rules or from the "fresh" air intake from outside. Every time I went onto the balcony on the 30th Floor (!) the pungent smell of cigarette smoke filled the air. Every time. So perhaps it was the smoke from the smokers on the balconies that was drawn in and filling my room. You like to call yourself  a non-smoking hotel, but are you really? Really? Our room was FILLED with smoke. So that is not the case. (We did not have a repeat of the situation Sunday morning - no smoke then at all - which makes the Saturday incident even stranger.) More: The carpet in 30-705 in Tower Two is greatly worn and the sofa is snagged and ragged from so much use.
4	Booked a Jr. Suite here for a bachelorette weekend and it was fabulous! Although I had it to myself, it can accomodate up to 4 comfortably. It came equipped with a kitchenette and large sized bathroom with dual sinks, shower, and jacuzzi tub. Man, was I ever thankful for that tub! It helped get rid of those sore muscles I got from getting my party on a little too hard in the clubs. Overall, it was a fabulous room.  The valet service was friendly and quick too. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and would definitely consider looking them up for my next trip.
5	An exceptional hotel with five-star service, amenities, and attention to detail.  I truly felt right at home in their one-bedroom suites with balcony.  I prefer to go all out when I take weekend trips and despite traveling solo, I spare no expense to ensure that I have a comfortable stay.You can read other reviews regarding location and convenience to the strip - this was not a factor for me as I enjoy walking and running, so I like having a nice long walk to get anywhere.  Plus, I am in Vegas so I expect to be walking around.  Parking was very convenient for this location, as valet is right in front of the hotel entrance - and since this is a HOTEL and not a casino/resort, the elevators are right where you enter your respective tower.Room service was quite exceptional.  Not your standard fare food, and even the "standards" are quite delicious with attention to detail in the quality of ingredients and presentation.  Hotel staff members are also professional and ensure that your stay at the hotel is memorable and comfortable.One thing to note - instead of a door knob/placard that indicates "Do Not Disturb" or the "Room Needs Tending To", there are electronic switches inside the room that make this notation indicative to an outside viewer/hotel employee.  I was under the assumption that this would also be communicated to a "central database" (pardon me, but I had a much more sophisticated imagination versus what I really found out) but this was not so.  I had left my "Do Not Disturb" light on all afternoon, and when I finally left the room for an evening event around 5pm or 6pm, I turned on the "Room Needs Attention" light on, thinking that this message would be delivered to housekeeping.  Anyway - this did not happen, so when I arrived back at my room late night, maybe 12am or so, the room had not been tended to and my housekeeping light was still on.  I had to call Housekeeping in order for the room to be cleaned, and they took care of it right away, but I did wait for 45 minutes to an hour in the lobby while they had tidied my room.  The housekeeping attendant on the phone was apologetic for the confusion and the service to clean the room at the late hour was an option that I chose - I could have left it as it was, but I did want that service.AGAIN - overall, a wonderful stay, and I will definitely stay here again.
4	Stayed 2 nights in early Nov for $100/nt.  VERY impressed.  Once of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed at.  Extremely well equipped, great view and super comfortable bed and linens.  I travel a ton and am not easily impressed.  Only downside is the carpet and some surfaces were showing a little bit of wear, but nothing alarming or uncomfortable.
4	Stayed 5 nights.  Great kitchenette with full size fridge/freezer and top end appliances.  One Bedroom, two bath.  Had view of airport, but it was fine.  Easy access to MGM Grand, monorail, NY NY, Miracle Mile Shops.  Good workout room.  Pools looked nice, but was 50 degrees out.  Can't complain for $150 a night.
5	My boyfriend and I came to Vegas for my 21st Birthday, we decided to stay at The Signature since his friend owns one of the suites. It was a wonderful hotel. The service and the atmosphere is exceptional. You feel right at home with the rooms here that include a stove, fridge, a sink, and utensils! We ordered room service twice because the first time just wasn't enough. The first time we got berry pancakes and chocolate covered strawberries. The second time we got the breakfast plate. Both were extremely delicious! The servers that brought them up couldn't be more helpful. I have to say its a mighty walk from our room which was in Tower 3 to MGM Grand but it was worth it.Over all this Hotel is classy, elegant, clean, and its near the strip! We will definitely be back.
4	I would give it 5 stars, but one thing about this hotel reallllllllllly annoyed us.  They do not have self park, only valet.  it's "free", but that does not include gratuity, so it's not really free.  also, they take FOREVER to get your car.  I would rather just get my own car and not tip for slow service.  vent over.The room and checkin was awesome though.  No wait to check in.  We were put on the 18th floor in a one bedroom suite.  Room is HUGE.  Loved the kitchen area and master bathroom.  Nice balcony as well.  Weird view of the airport, but whatevs.  We used the fitness area daily and the equipment was nice.  Not a huge gym, but big enough and the machines I wanted to use were always available.It was nice as well to not have to walk through a mall or casino to get to my room.Not sure I would stay here again because the valet thing really annoyed my husband, but it was nice and I would recommend it for people who want a noncasinolike place to stay that is very near the casinos.  Oh, and the place has a resort fee that covers things like wifi the gym, etc. so if this annoys you, know this in advance.
4	Genre for rating: upscale A winner in an already gluttonous hotel town, the Signature is a welcomed quiet option for the busting Vegas strip. Most rooms come with a mini kitchen and oversized sitting room, and many have patios.  Although it is a bit of a stroll to the main part of the strip, the location may be worth it if you are looking for a more inconspicuous lodging option while in Vegas.  Pus..it still technically does connect to the MGM Grand.Cleanliness: ****Amenities: ****Service: ***
4	Stayed here over the weekend. Very nice, comfy, beautiful, and convenient hotel. Loved that it was non smoking and quick access to the strip and the MGM grand. Only issue, was that when I checked in. I was told I had to "pay" $200 more than what I was expecting for a liability thing. And that it would be returned 7-10 days later! Not sure of she was fully aware how it works or if she explained it wrong. Would have preferred a regular hotel who charges after if there are any damages or problems. Overall great hotel!
4	I would also give this hotel a five start rating if it weren't for BLOOMSPOT.They basically ruined our Vegas experience  (well they and the "Buffet of Buffets" which we were SO looking forward to and that was canceled until January, but that's a separate issue). I booked a deal through Bloomspot on December 23rd for a two night stay at the Signature Suites at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas for December 26-28th 2012. I was charged $195.55 When we arrived at the hotel late Wednesday night after an 8 hour drive, we were told that they had not received any notification of a reservation through Bloomspot but that they would honor the offer and put us up in one of Bloomspot's reserved rooms until further notice. They also gave me their manager's email so that I could query the issue to him via email. The following day, I checked again and still, no news from Bloomspot. I was then given another manager's email to contact and inform of the situation. I checked back with the front desk to see if they'd heard anything from Bloomspot. By about 7:30pm Thursday evening, they still had not heard anything back from Bloomspot, so I was really worried as I did not want to have to pay the additional $268.80 for the room on top of Bloomspot's $195.55 charge, costing me a total of $464.35. We were also promised a $50 food and beverage coupon which was not fulfilled.  Upon leaving, I had to pay the full amount of $464.35 for this error with no food or beverage coupon. I understand that this a very busy time of year, and that maybe something got lost in translation to MGM Grand. However, I purchase a lot of coupons through Bloomspot, Groupon, Living Social, and other major companies and never have I been through something like this. I trust that Bloomspot will right this issue as I really would like to continue supporting Bloomspot and their great deals! Ahem, The hotel itself was lovely, the staff were nice, and rooms huge and the jacuzzi bath luxurious; they're technically condos for traveling business types, so the additional EMPTY fridge and kitchenette were a double plus, especially if you want to save money and bring your own food/alcohol to keep cool. As I said, the hotel itself is very nice, just wish our experience hadn't been tainted by Bloomspot's ineptitude.Oh, and as others said, the parking situation was a bit of a kerfuffle. You do have to valet and wait a while for your car (this last week was ESPECIALLY busy though), and you do have to tip the valet guys, but it's not going to break the bank.
5	Came back here again and had the same wonderful experience! Clean, great staff, beautiful! Great access to resteraunts.
5	Our one-bedroom suite was gorgeous and spacious. We had a nice view of the Strip from both the bedroom and the living room. The customer service was also excellent. Great value!
4	Rooms were nice.  We had a one bedroom and a regular.  The one bedroom had a full kitchen with Sub Zero fridge, Miele stove and cooktop.  Microwave and dish washer Bosch too.  Balcony, pretty high at even the 12th floor.Long ass walk to MGM and restaurants.  Even longer when you're stumbling back from the clubs at 6am.
5	Me and my wife stayed here the for three days and the place was great. For the price, the place has a microwave, a fridge, a stove, and an entire set of cook wear and dishes. It is great for families because the entire hotel is nonsmoking and is close to the strip. Really nice place to stay and well worth the price.
2	After staying at the cosmopolitan, this place was the pits.  There were a bunch of signs everywhere saying that service was their signature but it was probably on the worst to low end of service I received at a hotel.  First of all, the room key machine wasn't working and they said they'd bring them right up.  They never came and I had to call and request them.  I was also starving when I checked in and tried to order room service but I was on hold for over 30 minutes so I gave up.  I had to take a conference call and was stranded without food!No real amenities at this hotel versus others on the strip.  Just a bare bones place to stay that is pretty nice.  I wouldn't come back here given the choice.
5	Pro: All I can say is Stay here you wont be disappointed.  Need to see a show go to the conceierge best seats cheapest prices.  Need reservations call them they will get you best table VIP treatment best prices Need a tub that fits a 6'1' guy filled with bubbles.  They have that to.   Will never stay any other place in Vegas again.Cons:  I wish the TV in the bath was a little bigger.
1	It was terrible. When we first arrived we were not greeted and no one offered to open car doors. We waited in the car until someone finally got their lazy butt over. We then opened our car doors ourselves. Any nice hotel should at least acknowledge our presence. We then gathered our things to enter hotel and still no one offered to open the door even though we had things pouring out of our hands. Walking up to check in no one even glanced up at us, we had to say hello?? The front desk clerk said maybe 10 words to us the whole time. We told him about the door problems and he was like oh, sorry. at the end he ended up giving us a $50 credit to our room for our trouble (but it clearly states on their website that you get that credit regardless when you come.) We get up to our room and its a pretty decent room, we had hoped to be on the strip side (there were barely any guests there) but unfortunately that was not an option. We went down to the bar and ordered some drinks with a guy named Thomas. Hands down he was the only nice staff the entire time. So thanks!!! Next morning, we order breakfast to the room. They got our order wrong. Lame! We took it out right after we were finished and left it outside to be picked up. We came back around 6pm and THE FOOD CART WAS STILL IN FRONT OF OUR ROOM! Disgusting!!! I was livid. We then went to all the other hotels and gambled and at everywhere else because we were so unhappy with our hotel. The next morning they said we needed to check out at 11 am (even though I added on a late check out at time of reservation) I called the desk and asked what happened, She said that "the owners were coming to use the room and we had to leave". WOW really? I have never been treated so terribly. I will NEVER come back here. Save your money.
4	Got a suite here in July for a conference at the "nearby" MGM Grand. It felt like I walked 10 miles a day. Granted I was in heels. I recommend that if you have to do this trek as well, bring flip flops to change out of! The room was amazing. I had a fully equipped kitchen, living room with fold out bed and full bath, a balcony overlooking their huge pools, a huge master bedroom with two closets and what felt like an equally huge bathroom with a monster size jacuzzi. The first day I got a little mad that I didn't have a TV in my room and that I had to go to the living room to watch it. I later found my TV hidden in my desk right across my bed...fancy! Here are the cons: -I did not know that I was staying at a timeshare property. I had no idea until I called for an extra towel and for them to fill my salt shaker and the front desk said that I had to call another number. HUH? No one explained this to me when I checked in. Not only that, but they are only available certain hours of the day and were closed when I called (it was around 6:30pm)-There aren't really many dining options here, except for a coffee shop and I noticed a wine bar. You have to walk to the MGM Grand to eat.-You are much further from the strip here-After a certain time, the front desk is only open at the 2nd tower. I didn't really like the idea that if I needed something, like an extra key, I'd have to walk even further to that tower. -Had no idea that cabs were only available at the 2nd tower after a certain time as well. We were waiting for almost 25 mins until another guest happened to see us and told us. So basically, my biggest complaint was that the most important pieces of info I should have been told about should have happened as soon as I checked in. Besides that, my visit went smoothly. And the fact that I still had access to the MGM Grand pools was pretty cool.
5	Excellent balcony rooms. Very long walk from MGM. Great staff. Parking is a hassle .
4	Just got back from staying here for four nights during Super Bowl weekend. My husband and I took our Dutch exchange student to sin city because it was a place she REALLY wanted to see while in America and we had a friend who was out for a convention. The five of us, two couples and a seventeen year old, had rooms on the 37th and 38th floors of tower 1 and were pleased. I will probably never stay anywhere else. The hotel is a little back from the strip but a simple walk to the Crystals/Aria end of the strip or cheap cab to Bellagio/Venetian. The doormen were friendly and knowledgeable about the area and were alway able to get van cabs since we had a larger party. The rooms are nicely appointed. Our friends had a regular room with a large bathroom (the bathrooms are huuuuuuuuge) and we had a one bedroom suite. We had two bathrooms, the huge one with a jacuzzi tub and shower and separate toilet and then there was a smaller bathroom between the kitchenette and living room. Our exchange student found the couch in the living room comfortable to sleep on both pulled out and when she was too tired she just slept on the regular couch. We all loved the view from our balcony.The hotel has multiple heated outdoor pools, a Starbucks (soooo expensive), over 21 lounge and a deli type spot (also ridonkulous prices... $4.32 for a cup of tea?!). There is a decent fitness center and also a small shop with snacks, drinks and basics a traveler might leave at home. Honestly, hit the cvs or Walgreen's on the strip if you forget something. The hotel connects to the MGM which has a casino, restaurants, shops and attractions. The Signature has none of this stuff which makes it a more quiet experience and one we preferred since we prefer to spend money on restaurants, shows, drinks and attractions rather than gambling.My only gripes with The Signature are that the elevator beeps at every floor with the most annoying sound ever (trivial, I know) and that the concierge staff were kind of annoying. Besides not being as knowledgeable as one would expect, the Tower 1 concierge apparently does not do checkouts before 7 a.m. Well, we were waiting for a cab and because one in our party was there for business and needed his paperwork he had to do a traditional checkout and had to walk to tower 2. He'd been there over a week and had taken care of all the staff nicely.  Despite this "policy" one of the women at the desk checked out THREE other parties. Weird.  Also, the person doing his checkout could not grasp the concept of separating charges by day instead of category, which is very frustrating when you're a frequent business traveler.Definitely a solid four stars and the place I'll stay the next time I find myself in Vegas.
2	I've been staying at the signature every year for the past 5 years when we attend our conventions I usually LOVE it and tell everyone who is going to the convention to stay there. The rooms are gorgeous  very spacious will a full kitchen. Beds are comfortable, bathrooms are great with whirlpool bathtub (my favorite). I had a two bedroom suite and stayed for 2 nights. I flew so i took a taxi in. I'm allowed one vehicle per room each night that I am a guest in their hotel. the second night my friend visited me and I was watching his kids leaving me with his car. The valet attendant wouldn't let my friends car park there and when I asked for a pass they said I had to go to security to obtain one. When I went with my friend to get the pass security laughed at me and states he was told SPECIFICALLY NOT TO GIVE ME ONE. I went back to the valet and asked to speak to the manager at that time I was furious WTF i have 2 rooms staying for 2 nights and i cant park a car that i am borrowing. I go now to the front desk and they said we will park car now but if we come back they wont park it. At this time I'm FURIOUS  I ask for the manager who never came down. So now I call him which he finally answers at this time I am just filled with ANGER. How the hell do you treat your registered guest who is staying 2 nights with 2 rooms and I just want to park one car for one night. Is this how you treat your guest laughing in their face! By the time I actually spoke with the manager I'm in tears and after he heard me crying was when they compensated me with food credit to my room but then again from that experience I don't want to stay at the signature again. TREAT YOUR GUESTS WITH RESPECT!!!! SHAME ON THE VALET SERVICE AND THE SECURITY BOOTH AT THE SIGNATURE!!!
3	About 3.5 starHear me out. My gf booked us a room that was meant to fit 10 of us, but in the end 2 dropped out and it came that we were to split among 8 people. The price was close to $300 per night which was pretty OK for 8 people. BUT I just didn't like how small it was. I actually felt very cramped and claustrophobic. However, I don't think this should be blamed on the hotel as to the amount of people jammed packed into a "suite". The suite was meant for 1-2 couples max I suppose, so I did not get the experience I was meant to have. It really isn't all MGM's fault as to the arrangement of this stay.  There was one big bedroom with a huge bathroom consisting of a shower and jacuzzi. Another smaller bathroom was outside near the kitchen. The living room had a pull out couch bed which I thought was nice. The best part was the kitchen. They had plates and utensils ready for you! Even pots and pans! This can be a great comfy apartment! Right now though, I wouldn't shell out $500+ for two nights stay if it was just going to be me and my boyfriend.
4	Stayed for 4 nights here and couldn't have chosen better. The rooms are very clean, you got a full selection of everything you need. Room service was great they came every day re stocked it made it look nice again. Valet is part of staying here and all the  gentleman that fetched my car did a great job all very professional. This hotel is a bit tucked in behind the MGM Grand but it has access through automated walk ways. Perfect place to stay if you want a relaxing atmosphere during your trip with good quality, comfort and cleanness to go with it.
4	the only thing that stops me from giving it the 5th star is the SURPRISE $300 security fee they don't tell you about I signed up online and got what i thought was a deal they told me my balance would be $397, but when I check in at 430pm a few things went wrong, 1) my room they held for me isn't ready? ummm check in is at 3pm? 2) they didn't mention anything about the deposit which I had, but hadn't planned on it and finally 3) checking out they show you your final bill WOWZERS $10 for a higher floor per day? I didn't request it the front desk put me in there because my original room wasn't ready what I thought was $500+ ended up being $800+ aside from the surprises the hotel itself is nice quiet away from the madness of the strip and casinos the balcony was a beautiful view and the Jacuzzi was so very very nice I wish the TV in the bathroom was BIGGER than my Ipad LOL. I recommend this hotel just make sure that you read all FINE print ask for your total and any "additional" charges that may come about so you're prepared for it for the amount of money I spent I could have stayed at the Wynn or Bellagio
4	One of the best stays and value in Vegas. I have stayed at the Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo and the Signature was better room at half the cost. The service was top notch and the room was very nice. The only downside is the walk to the strip, but it wasnt too bad.
5	For our bachelorette party of 8 girls, I couldn't imagine a more perfect place to stay. The Signature had everything we needed!Our two suites were connected by a small entryway with private double doors. We were able to prop open the doors to the 2 individual suites then mingle throughout our shared space. The suites are beautiful with a breathtaking view of the strip. With 4 girls to each suite, we had 2 people in the bed and 2 on the pullout couch (which was surprisingly comfortable).  I enjoyed the fluffy pillows and down comforter. The kitchenettes are stocked with everything you need - even a blender!  I also adored the bathroom. The steam shower was amazing and I came home after dancing at the club at 3 a.m. then took a bubble bath in the giant soaking tub. I suggest you do the same. Service from the concierge was great. While Wi-Fi is free in the suites, the only downfall was having to pay for internet access in the business center to print off event tickets. Next time, I'll be sure to do that at home.We were able to walk to the strip and never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a cab.  I would absolutely recommend booking a suite here.
4	We stayed at the Signature for 3 nights during our stay in Vegas. I booked it specifically for the whirlpool spa tub in the suites. I love me some jacuzzi time on vacays and I was delighted to find a tv in the bathroom too. Three out of 4 stars is just for my bathroom entertainment options. The suite itself was just the right amount of luxury. My only annoyance was that we booked through a 3rd party instead of the hotel itself. Unbeknownst to us, the suite was owned by an outside vendor, Luxury Suites International. It was never written on the reservation we received from them when we booked the suite. So basically, we had to play by this vendor's rules, which meant fixed housekeeping/room service hours, suite upgrades had to go through them etc. BUT at the end of the day, the great deal we received for the suite was worth going through them. I'm one of those people who enjoys Vegas in doses. The beauty of the Signature is that it's close enough to the Strip to walk there but far enough away when you get sick of it. There is a covered walkway which connects all three towers of the hotel and MGM Grand. Very convenient with a few moving belts and a deli shop and Starbucks along the way. Good experience overall
2	My grandfather loves Vegas, and so does the rest of my family.  I've visited Las Vegas at least three times a year every year since I was five.  We often stayed at the MGM growing up, and so as an adult I continued to stay there.  The MGM was like a second home when we visited the strip.  In the past couple of years I started staying at the Signature, because of the room size.  My first two experiences with the hotel were great.  When my little sister was about to turn 21 I convinced her to fly to Las Vegas from New Jersey to celebrate.  They spent a lot of money to fly out, and it was her boyfriend's first trip since coming home from serving three terms in Afghanistan.  I wanted this trip to be perfect as you can imagine, but when they checked into the hotel they found vomit in the bath tub.  Vomit? Are you serious.  How we can we believe the hotel is clean and bed bug free if they can't even clean up vomit from a bathroom.  I felt awful that this was their first Vegas experience.  Very disappointed.  We even let the hotel know that we were celebrating two special occasions and they offered them a room with no balcony and no view, even though we paid for a balcony.  I'll never stay here again.
4	The location could be better, and the sprawl of the complex can be frustrating, but the place itself is great.  The suites are spacious and tasteful as Hell.
5	5 STARS?!  Sure why not?I've stayed at the Signature a couple of times now, and the last time I stayed there was a few months ago.  So this review is long overdue.First off, the distance to the strip is nothing.  It's almost like walking from one hotel to another.  Well... because it is.  We stayed at tower 3 which is the farthest tower to and from the MGM.  Yes I know, you wish you could just get into the elevator press 1, or lobby, or C, or whatever and be transported right into the casino, but for the money you're saving, the 5-10 minute walk is nothing.  Plus, your fat ass can burn a few extra calories before hitting up the pool party.OK so back to the hotel.  We stayed in the 2 bedroom 3 bathroom suite with a balcony that had a view of the strip.  For a room like this at one of the mega-hotels, the rate would run you at least 3 times the cost of the Signature.  Not only do you get 3 full bathrooms, you also get 2 kitchens with refrigerators.  For a 2 bedroom 3 bathroom suite they join a 1 bdrm suite with a junior suite to make one big suite.  SWEET!  Got a group of 8-10 people?  The suite will accommodate all.  In addition to the 2 king beds in each room, there's also 2 pull out queen size sofa-beds, which gives you a total of 4 beds.  2 of the main bathrooms are huge, both with 2 person sized jacuzzis and the 3rd bathroom has a shower.  So no more waiting for the shower, which means more time to pregame.   So with all the bedrooms, with all the beds, all the flat screen hd tvs, 3 bathrooms, 3 showers, 2 jacuzzis, 2 kitchens, dining table, bar with bars stools, balcony, the short indoor walk to the MGM, and the amazingly low price for a hotel that's pretty much on the strip.  This place deserves 5 stars.
5	I own a unit here and think it is the bee's knees.Location is a long block off the strip.  In return, you get a non-smoking building that is still indoor connected to the MGM Grand ... the third largest casino in the world.  Indoor access to the MGM Grand Garden arena gets you concerts and boxing events and several fine dining establishments are nearby, including Joel Robuchon ... the only 3 star Michelin rated restaurant in Las Vegas!  Another great thing is the food court ... with normal options like McDonald's, Nathan's, and Bonanno's Pizzeria, you don't have to eat fancy for every meal.  I really appreciate that.Further out, you can walk across the street to Planet Hollywood and eventually end up at CityCenter, or pop through MGM to the intersection with MGM, NYNY, Excalibur and Tropicana all in one place.  This isn't the pure center of the strip, but it's pretty close.It takes about 5 minutes to reach MGM Grand from Tower 1 via the enclosed walkways and people movers.  About 15 minutes to walk to Harmon and get to CityCenter.The room: I'll discuss the standard studio.  520 sqft.  Big glass enclosed shower.  Jacuzzi.  Kitchenette with complimentary water, tea, coffee, and half height fridge (no minibar to worry about).  High quality utensils, flat screen TV, and a stove top.  Yes, dishes, pots and pans too if you need to cook for a long stay or want to save money.  No oven though.  Big king size bed and a pull out couch sleeps 4 total.Decor is clean and relatively modern.  Lots of dark wood finish and paintings on the wall.  Bed and couch lights are on dimmers, and the blackout curtains work very very well.Many units have a balcony, which is a rarity amongst Las Vegas hotels and allows you to enjoy the views without a reflective window getting in the way.  If you get a high floor strip view, it is absolutely gorgeous.  Mountain views aren't bad either since you can see the airport.Building:  Each building has a pool and you are also given access to Wet Republic if you want a giant pool party experience.  The decor is fairly modern.  Starbucks and a bar are in Tower 1, and a small deli/restaurant called Delights are in Tower 2.  There are meeting/conference rooms, but I've never used those.Transportation: I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a cab here since it's off strip.  I actually imagine that it would be faster to walk here and get a cab than wait in the main taxi line during busy nights at the MGM.  The monorail is also a 5 minute indoor walk away, which means you can get to the Las Vegas Convention Center easily, or to a number of other strip locations.  If only the monorail went to more places!  Valet parking takes care of you if you have a rental car.Internet: Wi-Fi can be a bit spotty and used to be limited to 1 mbit.  But I spoke to management and they eventually upped the limit to 2mbit, which is enough to get reasonable work done and still surf YouTube or Netflix without too much trouble.  Shows these guys care, right?  Each room does have a wired connection and for maximum reliability I recommend plugging your own travel router into that.Best of all, the prices I've seen for staying at this hotel are very reasonable for what you get and draws a quieter crowd.  Great for families or just a more low key kind of crowd.  As an owner I suppose I don't have to worry about the pricing, but I appreciate the folks coming through.
5	Awesome room. 1 bedroom suite was amaze. Kitchen two bathrooms. Legit.
3	On the outside, everything seems fine and dandy but it's really the little things that make the difference and this place did not have it.  Rooms are spacious and the balcony is nice.  The bed did not feel as big as a king and there was nothing deluxe about it.  The TV is a real pain to work.  There is a long delay when operating the remote and very limited channel selection.  There was a guy who said he was replacing a bulb in the kitchen and said he would need the whole day to troubleshoot and fix even if we weren't in the room.  That wasn't going to happen.  The front desk was rude and said it would take an hour to bring luggage to the room.  Huh?  Am I in Vegas or a third world country?  There was puke in one of the elevator.  Our shower drain was clogged and never fixed and the bathroom had none of the nice amenities.    Moving walkway between towers was broken.  Lots of little things.  Are the lights and and the water running?  Yes, but lots of annoying little things add up and they need to step up the customer service.
5	This place is amazing! My friend and I stayed here for my birthday back in January and I must say... I will definitely be returning. It has a full kitchen with all the amenities and cookware you could need. That's one of my biggest issues with Vegas! You're just kind of at the mercy of the fast food resturants and it's not fun to deal with when you're hung over/drunk/tired... Anywho, this hotel is not only gorgeous, clean, and cozy, but it offers up an amazing staff that are helpful, knowledgeable, & friendly! Plus, we got a pretty good deal on our room! My only discrepancy is that it's a bit far from the strip if you're looking to huff it everywhere (which we did), but I guess you weigh the pros and cons & the pros definitely outweigh the cons!
4	This hotel is outstanding. Beautiful spacious rooms, bathroom and a wonderful kitchenette. Overall I could find nothing wrong with this hotel. From the front desk,  room service to housekeeping they were excellent. The only drawback is the distance from the strip. We were with family who stayed somewhere else and meeting up with them almost required a taxi ride. My husband and I are in great shape. Walking was not the issue, it was the time it took to get to places. If you don't mind being quite a ways off the strip, you'll have no problem. They have moving sidewalks but you walk through a mall and the MGM casino before your anywhere near the strip. The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous as the service is too.
1	3/14/2013: I was SO disappointed with this hotel's customer service. Especially since I had read all of the reviews saying they were exceptional in every way. I went for a wedding photography conference held at the MGM conference center and was deciding to stay at the MGM Grand or the Signature. I knew the MGM Grand was waiving the resort fee as part of the group rate but I wasn't sure about the Signature so I called to ask. I was transferred to the group reservations representative who told me that the Signature was in fact waiving our resort fee as well. With this information, I decided to book the Signature instead of the MGM Grand. When I arrived to check-in, they told me that I had to pay the $20/night resort fee and I was shocked that I was misinformed. I was even more shocked when I asked for the manager and had to debate with him for almost 20 minutes because he refused to waive the resort fee despite his employee's mistake. After getting extremely frustrated and disheartened at the way I was being treated, we settled on a food/beverage credit for the amount I had to pay extra. I decided to take it since it was better than nothing but as a business owner I was appalled at their failure to properly rectify their company's mistake. I highly doubt I will ever stay here again and will choose another hotel to stay at for my annual trip to WPPI.UPDATE 3/15/2013: I received a phone call from Levi, the hotel operations manager, today who wanted to follow up about this issue. I was pleasantly surprised that he reached out to me even after I returned home! He was courteous, apologetic and eager to improve my experience with their hotel. They refunded the resort fees I paid and ensured me that all persons involved were coached appropriately to avoid this mistake in the future. I really appreciate The Signature taking strides to make this right and I feel so much better now. I'm glad I got the chance to see the exceptional service everyone has been talking about! Thank you!
4	While not as spacious as Palazzo/Venetian, they do have nice rooms which comparable to Cosmo and the others. It may be the same size or even bigger. The difference between Signature and the others is there's a stove and microwave which means you can reheat some leftovers or cook some snacks. It comes in handy.The only negative about Signature is it's off strip. I mean, really off strip. The only way to get on strip is to take a long walk through a tunnel which leads to MGM. It's not that bad but MGM is on one end of the strip and when you want to hit up Encore, it's definitely taxi time. Also, there is no casino in here.The parking is a little wonky too. You need to be a guest to park here and there's no self-parking, it's all valet.Besides those little details, it's a nice place to stay. Quiet, but nice.
5	The Signature is SUCH a wonderful place to stay that I don't even want to say how wonderful it was. We were there 6 weeks ago, and we will never stay anywhere else in Vegas. It's the only place that I've ever stayed that I would consider moving to ... it's that fantastic. Staff, Starbucks, room, amenities, location, etc. are top notch and I don't have one bad thing to say about our three-night stay. One tip ... the MGM Grand walkway is a bit of a pain for getting to the strip. Head out on Harmon toward Planet Hollywood instead. It's a very walkable distance without the noise, smoke, and riff-raff in your way.Signature, you are the BEST there is ... bravo!
2	Ended up with Bedbug bites - yikes!  Stayed only at the Signature Hotel during our trip to Vegas and ended up with bedbug bites.  I wrote to the hotel and sent pictures.  To their credit, I received a followup call.They stating the room was checked professionally and was clean. When I replied I only stayed at the Signature... I was told it was probably a heat rash - what???  I replied the 123 123 pattern down my leg is not a heat rash and confirmed by a professional in the exterminating business, as bedbugs.  Next reason offered: it probably came from a restaurant.....what??? Majority of my time was spent in the MGM Casino/restaurants/pool and room....Hotel: Very nice modern rooms, stove top, microwave, mini fridge, jacuzzi Location:  bit far off the strip (yet quiet and non-smokey)Pool: wasn't the cleanest - strong chlorine smell View: Got a balcony room with a great view!!!Parking:  Valet only
5	The hotel itself is really nice. The rooms are clean and spacious. We stayed in room 821 that was a corner suite with a nice view. Staying in a higher floor would have provided a better view at night but still a nice view of the pool. The suites have nice appliances and are well taken care of. It is connected to MGM but is a pretty long walk. The hotel is not a casino, but is connected to the MGM (though it is a pretty long walk). Though you may see that as a downside, we liked it quite a bit due to the fact that it was so clean and we didn't smell like we just smoked two packs of cigarettes like you do when you stay in a casino. We had an issue upon check in that could have been devastating, but the staff handled things very well. I would really like to recognize Kendahl Williams from the front office for proactively addressing a situation without me even bringing up the issue. It was greatly appreciated and I will definitely recommend the Signature to our friends and we are planning on returning this summer.
2	We stayed at the Signature for three nights this past week.Having been to Vegas many times, and stayed at many different properties, I think I have enough experience to really compare this hotel to others. And really, it didn't come out on top.First, the location. I love to walk. I'm really athletic and not one of those complainers who take the escalator everywhere because they're too lazy. That being said, I hated the Signature's location. It's far from the strip, and really - just getting to the strip is a chore. If you want to get to the middle of the action, it's hard to walk that far in heels. Ladies take note.Also, the food was disgusting. Truly - we had food once at the pool and once from room service. I'm the sort of person who will pick a hair out of my food and keep eating, but even I was really disappointed at the quality of the food at this hotel. When I order nachos I don't want that easy cheese topping from 7-Eleven..seriously that is what we got. Salad drenched in dressing. Poor. Starbucks ran out of Blonde roast the entire time we were there. Pool service was crap - waitress having a personal conversation with another guest for literally 20 minutes while I had to wait for my drink. Room was really nice but I could hear the people in the room next door. That always drives me nuts. Our TV remote didn't work properly and the channel selection was definitely poor. Pros:The bathroom was huge and gorgeous..I couldn't find the toilet at first lol!Staff were nice.Fitness centre was clean and good selection of machines.Pools were really nice and sheltered so even though it was a bit windy, it was still hot enough to lay out.All in all, we're staying at the Cosmopolitan next time.
5	Great service (Valet only parking) and the room is huge! I've stayed in this and the Elara 1 bedroom, which are comparable. The room here had an extra bathroom, but smaller livingroom area. The balcony is definitely a plus though. I did not like how inconvenient it was to get to the MGM grand's casino floor from the Signature. I should warn people that it's not very close at all. The rooms aim to be more classy and family friendly but for a bachelor party situation, there are more trendy spots.
4	The MGM Signature (different from the casino hotel, MGM Grand) is a fantastic place to stay.  The location is a bit "off-strip" but the Signature is connected to the MGM Grand via a walkway, which is really not that long, especially if you're not wearing high heels.  The walkway gives you access to the casinos in the MGM Grand and The Strip.  The Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood are also a short walk away.There are many little things about the MGM Signature that makes you feel special: the entrance to the towers is gated, valet is complimentary. and the staff is incredibly nice.  The establishment has a hotel/condo feel rather than your typical Las Vegas casino.  However, in my opinion, that's what makes it a nice place to retreat to after a crazy night on The Strip. The Signature is comprised of three towers, connected on the first floor (lobby floor) by a walkway.  Each tower has its own pool, complete with full bar service.  These pools are relaxing, and you DON'T have to pay to sit down!  Yay!  (A stark contrast to the crazy ridiculous pool parties at the casino hotels)In addition to the awesome amenities, there is a Starbucks and hotel bar on the lobby floor.  Also, the walkway to the MGM Grand is dotted with fast food establishments to quench your late night drunchies, including a froyo joint and a McDonald's.I booked our room on AirBNB (https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/113019).  You really can't beat the price.  I paid $506, including all fees and taxes, for 3 nights.  Additionally, by booking with AirBNB, you also recieve 35% off at the fabulous Asian fusion restaurant, Social House in the Crystals.  Honestly, best deal ever.Pro Tip:  Bring your own booze, mixers, and food.  The rooms are equipped with a small kitchen complete with all the utensils (everything from forks to spatulas to knives).  Also a blender, toaster, microwave, and mini-fridge.
5	I loved this place. It felt like coming home to your own personal high rise condo. No casino to walk and haul your luggage through to get your room, no smoke smell, gated, great service, and still close to the strip. We had the one bedroom suite and it was huge. 950 sq ft with 2 full baths, a full kitchen, 3 tv's, and a huge jacuzzi tub. I have no complaints at all about the hotel room, everything was perfect.  No waiting in line to get a cab. Tell the valet guy and he hits a button on his laptop and all of a sudden your cab is there. We were in tower 3 which I heard is the farthest from the strip but I honestly don't remember the walk. Probably cause I was a lil tipsy but the walk couldn't of been that bad. I would definitely stay again. The also only hold $100 security deposit which is sweet cause some places like the Cosmopolitan hold $400+. Not knocking the Cosmo at all, stayed there last year and loved it.
4	Stayed here 3 nights as part of a Bachelorette party. With 10 people, we were able to fit into a suite and adjoining room. While sleeping arrangements were a bit iffy at times, it was nice having a full kitchen (not that we cooked, but a fridge is necessary for alcohol) and a total of 3 full bathrooms between the 2 rooms - with 2 of the bathrooms being large masters. Lots of mirrors and outlets - again necessities for women and everyone's electronics. Super clean rooms, great housekeeping, granite counter tops in kitchen and bathroom, stainless steel everything. We had a balcony and overlooked Wet Republic/MGM pool and the airport and mountains not that far in the distance. Would have been nice to face the opposite direction to see the Strip. The lobby is very simple, compared to all the other hotels. There's a small convenience store, a small bar, and a Starbucks. They'll bag check for you if you arrive early and if you have to check out prior to heading to the airport. It should be noted this hotel is not on the Strip. Although it is connected to the MGM Grand, it's a good 15 to 20 minute walk from the inside to get to the Strip. There was always a cab available outside the lobby though, and they were able to take the side streets to get to other hotels/casinos/restaurants/bars. Had no problem getting to wherever we were going in under 10 minutes and less than $10. Although I probably won't stay here again, as I'd like to be in the middle of the Strip next time, I would recommend it for large groups. Prices are unbelievably cheap between 10 people for 2 rooms - paid $137 per person for 3 nights (Friday, Saturday and Sunday) which included all taxes, resort fees, and entry into MGM pool. Also, never waited more than a 10 seconds for an elevator.
5	I stayed here for a couple of days before heading to The Westin in Henderson for a Spartan race, and was very sad to leave.First of all, the concierge service and people checking guests in were extremely friendly and courteous. That's to be expected in the hospitality field, but I find it seriously lacking these days so I was pleasantly surprised.I completely agree with another Yelper in that the room was like a studio apartment, complete with a kitchenette. The jacuzzi tub was nice the one time I actually used it, and the bathroom was spacious, with a separate area for the toilet.Upon check-out, the staff was again very friendly and the bellman actually went to Valet and got my car himself since he felt that they were taking too long!I would definitely recommend this place.  I liked the fact that there was no casino downstairs (although it is connected to the MGM Grand).  I appreciated not being forced to walk through smoke-filled rooms to make my way to the elevator.The next time I'm in Vegas, I would have no hesitation in staying here, and the rates are actually pretty reasonable, especially considering the quality of room and service you're getting.
5	Legit!Loved the jacuzzi after the long walk back from the strip.  The towers are a bit confusing because if you show up at the wrong one things get confusing after they take your bags.There were 3 of us, so I slept on the fold out couch, so due to letting my parents stay in the bed, I can not comment on the comfort.  I do not recommend any fold out couch ever, anywhere.No military or veteran discounts, which is unusual but expected.  Also I never agree with "resort fees" anywhere.  The only thing I used at "the resort" was the Starbucks.
4	So the pros and cons in my book make it out for 4 stars keeping in mind it is not a luxury hotel this is 4 stars for this kind of hotel.  I cannot write about my travels over seas on Yelp but trust me I have seen a lot of amazing good and bad!We had some friends in town from LA who had a block of rooms for the fight and invited us to stay for fun and debauchery and use a room so we could indulge as well.  We were happy for the invitation and safe place to sleep on the strip near our fun nights with friends.Pros  1: The drive in, you actually have to be let thru a gate to be let onto the property by a guard.  2:  Valet Only no hassle with parking or bags.  3:  Fast check in because it does cater to a different crowd no lines.  4:  3 towers small in size so the walk around the inside of the hotel is short.  5:  Really nicely decorated large rooms and/or suites with kitchenettes or full sized kitchens, great for families, parties or the unknown after party that ends up at your place.  6:  Bathrooms are huge and the tubs are Jacuzzi tubs which is a big deal if you are on vacation!  I have one at home and live here so not so big deal for me but still a major Pro!  7:  On site pool with cabanas nice if you do not want the HUGE party and the other casino pools a more chill relaxed but still fun in the sun with many cocktails if you so desire!  8:  On site lounge/bar and small menu offerings.  9:  A celebrity hideout, we may have been with a few ;)  10:  An easy walk, taxi or limo to anyplace on the strip, the concierge will gladly help you in anyway he/she can.  11: Easy and fast room service!  12: A fast and cleanly maid service.  13: You can get into the gate without the guard after you have a room key.Cons  1: Stay in tower 1 the closest walk to the MGM for events food or fun in the closest casino.  2: Valet Only, yes nice but then you have to wait for your car if your leaving 8/  3: 3 towers if your in tower 3 it's a long walk to the MGM for quick food and fun!  4: On a weekend like this to be expected but LOTS of drunks the security were on top of it the whole time.  5: There were a bunch of nasty cigarettes on the roof below us from people just tossing them off the balcony while smoking, supply and ash can so the rest of us don't have to look at it. :(Great place would come back service and what not well over ways the cons in this case!
1	Don't ever use BlueChipVegas to book your hotel reservations with TheSignature. They give the hotel a bad name, reputation and should not even be affiliated in partnership! This is my experience with BlueChipVegas which I had emailed to them looking for a response over a week and half ago ... That never happen :When I had contacted your phone reps to schedule my reservation from purchasing a Groupon, I asked if I could also get early check in. The lady, (believe her name is Annabelle) told me that their was a convention and the rooms were booked for late check out. I asked if I could then do the late check out as advertised in my Groupon and she said yes no problem. Everything was fine until the night before checkout 4/22 where I contacted your phone people around 8PM because front desk at the signature had no records that I had paid for late check out. I was told by an employee of yours that they would look into it and call me back within the hour. I left her with my name and phone number.That didn't happen. I called back at about 10:30 and asked what the status was on my request. This time a different employee now advises that your business is closed and will not be able to put requests through until the following day at 8am. I was very upset at this point that the other girl had not informed me of this instead of giving me reassurance that it would get settled that night. Again, I left my name and phone number with this lady. Come 4/23 I woke up after little sleep at 8:30 am I call and get Crystal over the phone. I again ask her about my request and she tells me that she is sorry but your still not open?!?!? She was very unsympathetic and unhelpful to say the least. I asked for a manager at this point. All she could do was take my name and number like the other 2 previous ladies but this time would have you contact me. My friend who had come with me on this vacation also got in contact with Crystal shortly after i had gotten off the phone. Crystal was short with her too. Then she claims that we checked in around 1pm on 4/21 in our hotel and so were not eligible for late check out. She lied about this and had she verified this in your system or with the signature, you would see that I had contacted you guys to verify if I could park at the signature and venture off around 1pm that day since I arrived in Vegas early. I did not check in at the signature until 5 pm because a man from your company told me that I would either have to take my luggage with me to park or leave it with front desk- none of these I wanted to do.She then rudely stated that nothing can be done because their is a convention going on... Excuse me but how is that my problem? Very poor excuse and customer service if you ask me.  After several times of asking to provide us with our late check out Crystal then tells my friend that we have till noon and would send the request to front desk. Wow, an hour more.... Thanks but not really because in the end when I contacted the hotel at 10:30am they still didn't have the request from you guys. Finally to top off the entire experience with BlueChip Vegas, Annabelle calls me and states she is returning my message. She was 3 messages and two days to late by the time she left me a message on 4/24..This was horrible customer service and very disappointing. I would never recommend your services to anyone. Also, you should see that Crystal verifies her sources before lying to customers about what they did and didn't do. I really didn't appreciate her attitude.I hope to hear from you as to why this happened and why a simple check out was to difficult to make happen.
4	It was a great place to stay.The room has a kitchen.....It's quiet and clean our room had 2 bathrooms.The main one was huge 3 girls in there getting ready.That's saying something since girls take all the space....Some people complain about Hotels in Vegas.The way I see it the Hotel is just to sleep. The real party is outside......
4	Very nice room. The staff very friendly. Not a far walk to the MGM or Planet Hollywood. After walking the strip all day the jacuzzi tub was awesome! We would defiantly stay here again.
5	Stayed here while getting married in Vegas. Feb, 2013.Absolutely loved it!!!Great rooms. Huge. Clean. Nice.Would stay here anyday.Just a ten min (indoor) walk to mgm- with restaurans, tourist shopping, and of course... Casino area.Couldn't have stayed a better place.
4	Overall, I'm happy/satisfied with this hotel. It fit most, if not all, the needs for a bachelorette party. BUT, there were some things that stood out like a sore eye. BUT THEN AGAIN, I'm sure you'll find some negative things about every friggin hotel.+ Pretty decent space for the buck: Most LV hotel rooms boast about having a suite, and when you get there with your party and feel slightly cramped. Our deluxe suite, I think, is a bit bigger than the average LV hotel suite, and the bit certainly helped.+ Stock up your own mini fridge, son!: I LOVE LOVE LOVE this. Every other LV hotel I've been to, sure..they have a mini fridge, but it's stocked with things (which you probably won't eat/drink) that, if moved slightly, will cost you a buttload. Here, they provide you with an empty fridge where you can put whatever you want. Very awesome.+ Kitchen with all the utensils and a microwave: Glasses, plates, forks, spoons. My only regret was not using the blender to make margaritas. Darn. Microwave was hot diggity useful when warming up leftover pizza after a night out. mmmm.+ FREE WI-FI: Haven't been to Vegas in a while, but last I was here, wi fi was certainly not free. Dammit, get with the program, hotels.+ 5 girls in a (jacuzzi) tub, rub a dub dub: One of the highlights was returning to the hotel after a night out dancing in mah damn heels, flicking those off and soaking my feet in a tub of hot watah. Aaaaaaaah. One by one, the other girls followed suit, amazed and entranced by this simple but absolutely delightful treat. Then someone whipped out some shampoo, and boom. Mega bubble bath. Magical.+ DVD playa plaaaay: This is great. I brought along a DVD that was part of one of our bachelorette games, and I'm soo happy that I didn't have to haul my big ass laptop with me to Vegas. DVD player was all set up. There was a minor glitch when I tried to start it up, but Maintenance instantly responded and fixed it. No problemo no mo.+ 3 pools + MGM's? Shweet.: Signature has 3 pools (one for each tower). It's definitely not one of those mega pool parties type of pool. Just some regular pools that gets the basics done. Which is all I really needed. But if I wanted to do some people watching, I could easily just head to MGM through the inside walkway and head to their pools. Easy breezy.+ Not much of a line when waiting for a taxi: We go down to the valet, ask for a taxi from them, and in a few minutes a taxi arrived to drive us over to Excalibur (Thunder from Down Under, duh!). We get to Excalibur and see a loong line of people waiting for a taxi. Back at Signature, sure, there were maybe 1 or 2 parties ahead of us waiting for a taxi, but we waited no more than 5 minutes for one.+ "Is there anything else I can assist you with, Ms. Madge?": This is a minor plus, but I thought it was nice to be addressed this way anytime I called the front desk with a question.+ Checkout pretty easy: They emailed me the express checkout link. That way I don't have to talk to anyone who's asking me how my trip was. Dude, I just wanna leave. Thanks though.Alright. The negatives. I like this hotel, but, I have to tell my whole experience.- La cucaracha blanca! Ay caramba!: Our first night there, we're walking towards the Tower 2 lobby in one of the walkways (between tower 3 and tower 2), and out comes this cockroach that just wanted to tag along. We screamed as it scampered away to distress another party. Note: cockroach sighting was in the walkway. We found no cockroaches in our hotel suite. That we know of. *shudder*- Bellhop system not working right: Alright, so I understand everyone else is checking out at the same time on Sunday, so yes there will be a wait, so says the operator. But after an hour of waiting, we call the operator again to find that, no, they didn't have our room recorded for any help with bringing our luggage out. Lame-o. We got tired of waiting, so we buckled up and hauled our own stuff down, huffing and puffing.TIPS* Stay at Tower 1 or Tower 2. Tower 3 is okay, but it is the farthest when you want to head to MGM. * Head to "Delights" for some yummy egg sandwiches. Located in Tower 2. There's one sandwich that has bacon in the bread. BACON IN BREAD.
5	Favorite property in Vegas.  No casino so you can get right off of the elevator and get to the pool in minutes instead of trapsing 200 yards through the casino at other properties.  Balconies!  So nice to sit out and get some air and look at the views rather than thru tinted hotel glass.  All the MGM amenities are available for MGM Signature guests. Tower 1 is closest to the main MGM grand.  It's pool is smaller but get the sun earlier than towers 2 or 3.   I would strongly advise booking directly through the MGM site.  There are many third party rentals you can find, but if you have an issue you are out of luck as the hotel will not assist you, you must resolve through the company you booked.  It's not worth it to me to save a few bucks and have problems later.East side of the towers face the airport.  West side faces the strip.  Tower 3 has better views for the strip side.  Floors 34 and up are listed as "Penthouse" but I'm told the rooms are exactly the same except Penthouse has 1 foot higher ceilings. If access to MGM pools and Casino are important, tower 1 is closest, but the other are only like a 1-2 minute walk further.   If you like walking to the strip tower 3 is slightly easier to get to the strip.  They have coffee makers but use those gross pre filled filters and you only get 1 per day and they only make 2 small cups, so buy some filter and pre ground decent coffee and bring with you.   Full refridge and kitchen makes it nice for breakfast/lunch, save your money for nice dinners.Management was incredibly responsive and quick (again, I booked thru MGM direct) when I had a small issue.
4	Signature is a great alternative to the masses of humanity at the MGM. The rooms and suites are quite affordable, but nice. The finish quality is better than the remodeled tower rooms, but there is much less wear and tear. Think of Signature as an upgrade. Service was solid, staff is friendly, room was clean. It isn't luxurious, but you might call it mass affluent. You'll have a separate entrance and amenities. It is worth the extra $30 to $50.
4	I am not a huge fan of Las Vegas.  I don't gamble, I'm way too old for the club scene, and I am concerned about global warming.  I do love a good show, however.  And since my husband likes to gamble, I'm down for a trip to Vegas every now and then.I'm not feeling particularly clever at the moment, so let's just get to the pros and cons.Pros:  Loved the room.  It had everything I like - huge bathroom with a giant tub, glass enclosed shower, (TV in the bathroom - AWESOME), plenty of outlets and drawers for clothes and other stuff.  Comfortable bed, nice big soft towels.Loved the kitchen!  Yes, it's right under the TV, but come on!  Full size coffee pot (ours didn't work), toaster, blender, microwave, burners, and fully stocked cabinets/drawers (plates, glasses, flatware, pans, utensils).  Nice little balcony.The spa is wonderful. It's "downstairs" - you feel like you're descending into a tropical island cave.  There's water everywhere, dim lighting.  I highly recommend it.The tram departs from the MGM Grand - very convenient.Cons:  We stayed in Tower 2, and it's WAY out there.  Think catching a connector flight at the other end of the airport any time you want anything.  And literally, that's what it feels like - complete with moving walkways.  We're talking hall after hall of nothing but ugly carpet and sometimes rowdy drunk people (aka entertainment) until you finally reach the part of the resort where you can get a cup of coffee and some food.  On the plus side, you're away from the smoke and noise of the casino - so it's a tradeoff.  We ordered breakfast room service, and it was just awful.  $20 for eggs that were too buttery to eat and dry potatoes.   I know what you might be thinking.  There are hundreds of amazing eats in Vegas.  But this goes back to the location of the hotel.  It's so far from everything, and we were so hungry, we just went for it.  And we regretted it.  Don't do it.  Here's a tip.  Do a little grocery shopping and make breakfast in the room.  I wish we had.  Would I stay here again?  Absolutely.
5	The rooms are big and nice. Yes this is a very nice place to stay. I had a suite and it was live being at home, but I did not have to clean. Its a bit of a walk to the casino but the rooms are so nice its worth the walk. Also use the MGM pool bigger and better. I for sure will be back here. Loved the kitchen. did not use, but looked good. High end stuff.
4	We were pleasantly surprised with Signature. It's only a 5 minute walk from the main casino area of the MGM, but feels like a different hotel entirely. The main lobby is quiet and relaxed (granted we were there midweek), and I don't think we even shared an elevator with anyone  the whole time.  Our one bedroom suite was quite large, with a decent size kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a small balcony. Furnishings are new and clean, and the bathroom had a large jacuzzi that actually had some kick to the jets.Each tower has it's own pool, which meant we were one of about only 8 couples out there.  The pool menu is pricey like most, but it is tasty. My only complaint in this department is the pool wasn't heated. I'm sure by mid-july this doesn't make a difference, but in the end of may on a hot but breezy day it was seriously cold. Overall, a very pleasant experience, I'm sure we will return. It's very nice to be able to have a quiet place to hide for a while amidst all the craziness.
5	I freaken LOVE this hotel! Stayed here in June 2011 for my cousin's wedding (not on-site) and it was the best decision ever! I was originally going to stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation's Club at the Flamingo again since it also has a full kitchen but they weren't listed at AAA at the time of booking. With that being said, let's get on with it!The hotel's 3 towers are valet only so make sure to bring plenty of $1 bills. They are also gated so it feels safer too (use room key to open gates). Upon entry the first tower to the right is tower #3 followed by #2. We stayed at tower #1 further up. Valet was always extremely polite even when in uniform in one hundred degree weather. Checking in was a breeze and we took the elevator up to the 16th? floor to our one bedroom balcony suite. There's a doorbell!! Which they also have at the Hilton ... but anyways the suite is huge and convenient! And I thought it was completely awesome that my name was on the tv the moment we walked in! We went to Food 4 Less after a while and my mom cooked a few of our meals in our handy dandy kitchen complete with utensils and the whole shebang! We had our 2 daily water bottles in the fridge ready to gulp down and don't even get me started on the bathrooms. As in plural. TWO full bathrooms!! The main bathroom is spectacular with both a separate glass door shower and jacuzzi with a tv! There's a private water closet that has a telephone in it! A vanity with a chair is located across from the jacuzzi, separate from the dual sinks. I could not believe the luxury I was surrounded by. And it was only a 4.5 star hotel ... truly amazing. The second bathroom was the same size as my bathroom at home! A typical shower & toilet combo with walls in a forest green hue. There is a table to eat at for four in the living area with a breakfast nook for two facing the kitchen when you can't be bothered to eat at the table, midnight snack, anyone? The sofa bed is pretty comfortable too. I can honestly say the king bed was not big enough for three people. That only lasted for one night out of four haha. Oh and get this-- the tv in the bedroom is controlled by, yes, the remote. But things are not always as they seem. Point the remote in front of you while sitting on the bed. You'll be in for a super cool surprise. For those staying here, didya do what I said? If yes, you may have been startled by what sounds like your neighbor's garage door opening. Not too loud but noticeable. Point that remote at the empty desk and press "on". You'll be amazed as the flat screen appears up out of the table before your very eyes. Pretty cool, huh? And to think I thought that sensor on the desk was a hidden camera SMH. Overall, this hotel deserve 5 stars. My potential concern is that sometimes (or maybe every night?) the front desk at tower 1 is closed past 11pm or so and they put up the big sign saying please walk over to tower 2 for assistance. Oh, and there's supposed to be a path connecting the property to MGM grand next door in case you want to gamble or grab a bite to eat.
5	Stayed here last September for a 21st birthday bash and it was absolutely wonderful from beginning to end!! Our room was impeccable, with an awesome view of the strip seen from our balcony. There is no casino, so it is great to come to your room from a long day at the strip to a clean and smoke free hotel! Valet service was an added bonus and they were always quick to bring out your car. I will definitely be staying here for future Vegas trip!!
4	It's a good location, the suites are a good size with great Strip views from the balcony. Service is really slow but all else was fine with our stay!
5	The only place I stay in LV. Clean, spacious, comfortable. Non smoking,no casino, gated entrance, easy taxi service. Only 10 minutes walking to MGM.I must thank Sherry, the night shift person at Tower 2. She was exemplary in her customer service. Will return on future trips to LV.
5	I have no complaints except for there hand soap smells horrible. This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. Stayed in a one bedroom suite with a full kitchen. Everything is up to date. Bed is very comfortable. Stay in either Tower 2 or Tower 3. Tower 1 was built a long time ago and is not as nice. Ask for a top room facing the strip, great view.
4	This was our first trip to Vegas, and our travel agent found this hotel for us based on our request for a 1- bedroom suite.  Liked it, disappointed we couldn't get a strip view, but we overlooked Wet Republic from our room (which was quite entertaining) and my private pilot husband nerd enjoyed watching the incessant landing/takeoff of airplanes.Pros:-- Non gaming, non smoking.  Breezeway walk will take you to the MGM for gaming, smoke.  As stated by others, it's a bit of a stretch of the legs, but was not bothersome to us except for the first day when we walked the Strip all day.  Legs hurt!-- Choice of using the MGM pools (loved the lazy river!) or the quiet pools located at each tower.-- Suites are spacious, I enjoyed spending time sitting in our room having drinks between ventures outside.-- Nice size kitchen with all the amenities (which we didn't use) and a nice big fridge (which we did use).-- Two bathrooms?  Yes please.  Perfect for our family of 3.  Master bath was pretty big.-- Pleasant staff on checkin and checkout.  Standing in line, a lady working there offered us a bottle of water.  Nice touch.-- Starbucks in Tower 1 (where we stayed), busy but perfect for my fancy coffee.-- Got there early (noonish) and was worried our room wouldn't be ready, pleasantly surprised it was!-- Plenty of elevators and I think we only shared an elevator with someone else once.-- We had a balcony suite, which was nice, but no furniture.  We dragged an ottoman outside.Cons:- Airport side can be very noisy with planes constantly taking off and landing.  Take a white noise machine with you if you stay in these rooms.- Bring your own booze,  A 5th of Grey Goose in the lobby store was $77.--Snag housekeeping if you want more than one pouch of coffee per day.  One pouch doesn't make much coffee.-- Valets were great but it could take a bit of time to get a taxi.All in all, a nice quiet place (except the air traffic) to retreat to from the insanity and noise of the Strip.
4	Surprising breath of fresh air in the midst of the Vegas chaos. Once u drive through a gated entry, Signature has its own check in for each tower   Very fast and personal service. Each tower has its own pool. Excellent fitness Center. Easy corridor access to MGM and normal Vegas. Rooms are large and comfortable. Bathrooms are spacious. Very quiet compared to my usual Vegas hotels where doors constantly were slamming and people walking in hallways. Full kitchen. Resort fee includes gym and wifi.
5	Stayed at the Signature 5/31/12 - 6/2/13...great property. Family friendly, practical...the staff was beyond friendly and super accommodating. Got a great deal via travelzoo.com...$550.00 for two rooms for two nights, including taxes and fees.  I would stay here again however stay clear of Jet Resort, their staff is rude and unprofessional (read my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-luxury-at-the-signature-mgm-las-vegas#hrid:UUZOOchqiIzlHkDcjk4Reg ) Because it's a timeshare property, the Signature has very little control over what Jet does.  I would stay here a million times over but will book directly via the hotel to enjoy the benefits of a resort and not the limitations of Jet Luxury Resorts .
4	We stayed in one of the Penthouse Suites thanks for a TravelZoo deal and it was great, on the 30th floor, with a balcony, with the view of Wet Republic and the MGM pools.Front Desk: the FD agent was pretty quick on the pre-checkin since we got there at 9am and the room was not available until 3pm. It was actually available, we just couldn't get into the room until 3pm. We came back at 3pm and that same FD agent was there and he didn't recognize us and had to ask for the name on the reservation repeatedly.Room: 1 bedroom Penthouse Suite with pull out couch. We have 5 girls stay in this room and it worked out perfectly with 2 bathrooms, more than enough space for 5 girls to get ready. The Suite also comes with a small kitchen.Pool: MGM pools were great, there are about 8 of them and you'll be sure to find one that has the right crowd for you.Food Court: there is a food court in the hotel and it's great that places are open at 2am after you get back from the club
3	A beautiful, affordable hotel right off the strip.  This hotel had great amenities--our party got a one bedroom suite and it came with a fully stocked kitchen (cooking utensils, blender, silverware, cups, soap, etc), stovetop, dishwasher and fridge.  There was a pull out bed in the living room, and a cool TV that came out of the desk in the master bedroom.  The bathroom for the master bedroom was huge--with a large tub and a shower in one area, a large vanity area, and a separate room for the toilet.  I also loved how the living room area had it's own bathroom too.  This 1 bedroom 2 bathroom suite was great for the bachelorette party we were there for.We stayed in tower 2, where there was a nice cafe called "Delights" and easy access to the pool.I'm giving it a 3 though because I HATE the parking situation here. It is valet only. Apparently, only one car per suite is allowed. Made no sense, as this room sleeps 4 people and we only had 2 cars.  We HAD to use two cars because some people left from SoCal in the morning, and some at night.  For the first day, we had to have one of our cars parked at MGM, and then had to walk all the way over to the Signature across the bridge to get to the hotel.  It was not fun holding boxes and luggage with that long of a walk in heels.  Also, we were given a lot of attitude by the staff when we asked about the parking situation.Also, on check out on the last day, it also took 30+ minutes for the valet to get our car--understandable since it was a Sunday but still, I'd rather deal with self-parking any day.
4	The rooms here were really really nice...fully stocked suite complete with microwave, stove, blender, and coffee maker. Actually finding the place is another story...the signage isnt real clear and I had to first go to the mgm counter to find out I was booked at the signature. I guess in the future I will be more aware of the layout, but new comers be prepared to get a little lost on your way in...
4	In terms of price and room size, the signature is a no-brainer. You can regularly get 900sqft 1br's for just over $100/night. This coming with full kitchen (with large fridge. Def make a drink/snack run beforehand), two bathrooms, balcony, a king size bed and a pull out queen bed in the main room. Sick. The rooms are modern and have desks, FREE WIFI and adjustable flat screens (make sure to tune to the last channel!)You can walk to the Wet Republic (although there are 3 pools at The Signature) and the MGM restaurant area in about 5 min using the moving walkways. So, is it on the strip? Nope. But it's mighty close to the MGM. Anything else requires a cab ride. There are plenty of cabs on premises so don't be worried. There are 3 towers, each with their own check-in/out, valets and bellhops. Tower one has a Starbucks and a bar lounge, Tower two has an awesome deli and I've yet to venture into tower tre. This is the place to stay if you're looking to catch a good nights sleep while raging in the Vegas.
1	The amenities and valet parking are nice and this could have been a 5 star experience but it was not.Entered my suite and it wasn't properly cleaned, trash was under the bed and empty beer cans were in the kitchenette drawers and an empty beer box was in the cupboard under the ice bucket.Phone in the bathroom was cracked open.The sink faucet was broken.Called for maid service Friday and items were missing from my room afterwards.When you call the front desk you'll be put on hold for a few minutes before someone answers, then they transfer you to someone else and you'll be put on hold for even longer before you speak to someone.. Every single time.
4	This place is amazing!  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars.... I wish it had a casino on the bottom floor (the walk to the MGM is painful even with the moving sidewalks, it feels like your walking in an huge airport trying to get to your flight).  I wish it had a place to eat on the bottom floor other than the understaffed plain cafe that they have.  Other than that be prepared to be treated like a star!  You pull up and they valet your car and take all your bags from the trunk of your car to your room.  It is really a country club atmosphere, an expensive over the top country club.  I would go back if I am going to stay a week in Vegas for the full kitchen in the room, but any shorter trip than that I would stay somewhere else.
5	This was my first time stay in Las Vegas, and I am glad that this hotel was our choice! It connects with the MGM Grand, although... be prepared to walk, walk, walk! Make sure you ask for tower 1, if not, you're going to walk A LOT more than expected! Our balcony has pool view, and it was right above Wet Republic, so we were able to hear R3hab, Steve Aoki, and Calvin Harris from our balcony. The hotel in itself has tons of things for you to do! You will never be bored... but then again, who gets bored in Vegas? [you'd be surprised. lol] moving on... The cleaning ladies were always on time, and the front desk was always very helpful every time we called asking for towels, sheets, or simply called asking for information. I will definitely be staying here again. Thanks for a great experience! :)
4	We have stayed at Signature now for years. We rented a 2bd/3bath, which was fine. Wifi is horrible, let me repeat, horrible. If you have anything Apple, forget about using the wifi completely, yet you still pay the resort fee. But, moving on to the pool. No big complaints there unless you want to order a drink. I sat for an hour in 112 degrees, not ONE person came by, however person in front of me helped over and over. Server completely acted as if I was invisible. Then they went around giving out frozen lemonade. I am thinking "finally", nope, walked right past me again and have everyone infront of me the lemonade. Really? She had plenty, even passed out to people in the pool!!I got up and asked her why I was ignored. She said I was not in her section ? Really? Are you kidding me? But yet the 6 people infront of me were and the pool? Oh, we also have a service dog in training, she wears a vest that clearly states that. Girl at front gate to pool was not wanting to let us into pool area, BIG no no and they really should know better. Good resort, just don't expect service at pool, or anything at pool except attitude.
4	Overall The Signature at MGM was a decent stay. The best part was the rooms- modern, clean, and comfy. I usually struggle to sleep in Vegas with the so called oxygen pumping into rooms, but I did not find this to be an issue with SIgnature, maybe because it's technically slightly off the strip and more of a condo style hotel. Undoubtedly my most restful stay in Las Vegas, out of many, many visits. As most Vegas beds are, Signature's are very comfortable, and did not disappoint. Bathroom was nice with the shower & tub, and I was lucky to get a balcony (upon request!). I was extremely excited about a blender for some less pricey frozen drinks for the pool, but unfortunately never even put it to use.You will see mixed reviews for the walk required from Signature towers to MGM Grand. It wasn't bad, but I don't mind walking. For those lazy people, you will not want to stay here. I was in tower 3, which is the farthest from MGM & the Strip. It was about a 5 min. walk to the MGM pools and a 7 min walk to the casino, and probably a 10 minute walk to the strip. They do have flat "escalators" to make the walk better.The ability to use 5 or 8 or however many MGM pools is a plus, so many pools, lazy rivers and poolside seats to choose from. This was a plus. Someone going #2 in one of the pools and closing down was not a plus, but this is my second time in Vegas (first not at MGM) that this has happened....so maybe it's more common than I think and certainly not the hotels fault! But seriously, how does that even happen? On a side note, Wet Republic is also a plus for the day club partying type...just expect to thrown down some $$. There's also the option of the Signature pools (three of them) but they are a lot more low-key-I did not get a chance to put them to use as I was looking to P-A-R-T-Y for July 4th & my 30th birthday.The MGM casino is one of my least favorite on the strip, it does not have much character to it and is outdated, compared to many of the newer casinos. This is not a huge downfall however as you can just walk to any casino nearby and are not stuck with the one you're staying at. I also find this casino to be a bit too smokey for my liking. Overall service at the hotel was great. I usually love to stay at a new hotel every time in Vegas so I'm not 100% I'll return, but the main thing that would drag me back was the quality sleep I got at MGM Signature.
4	Nice hotel, our 2nd time staying here.  Rooms are nice and modern. Casino and the rest of MGM is a little bit of a walk, but not too bad from Tower 1. There's a gym in Towers 1 & 3, enough of everything to get a decent workout.  My biggest compliant is the resort fee (extortion fee) of $25.  Stop playing games and just include in the room rate!  What next, a $5 room rate with a $75 bed fee and $45 bathroom fee? Unless the "fee" is optional, don't break it out separately.   Wifi in my room was terrible, it worked only sporadically on my ipad.
5	Excellent service from the second they picked up the phone.This hotel is so chill and laid back....from the staff & service to the swimming pool you feel like you are at a real resort somewhere in Caribbean rather than the strip.Overall a pretty darn good experience if you are looking for something chill and laid back away from the Chaos. Really went with no expectations but overall the experience was def 5 stars. Front desk process was nice and quick.Valet guys were nice and professional.  Room was great. Nice balcony & kitchen. Will recommend for sure!:
4	Nice part of MGM which include many amenities (free use of gym, pool, wifi, etc). This is already a plus since most hotels nowadays require additional fee for everything. This is located in the back of MGM (quite a few ways off, down a boring hallway of bunch of automated walkways), which is inconvenient if you want to take the monorail or walk on the strip. However, it is quiet and more secluded, and the rooms are all very nice; equipped with a mini kitchen with pots/pans, blender, toaster, and utensils. I actually really like this hotel, but it is far from everything else. I'd have to consider what I wanted to do in Vegas before I book a room here again; If I wanted to shop and walk the strip, this place is not ideal...but if I were to taxi and go club OR take a relaxing trip where I lay around by the pool, then this is a good choice.
5	Apart from the location, the MGM Signature is pretty awesome. It doesn't have a casino in Tower 3 [where we stayed], but everything else was spot on and we loved our stay here. ONE BEDROOM DELUXE SUITEThis is a pretty awesome room. It's basically a one bedroom apartment. The kitchen has a full sized rifreigerator and freezer, the living room is spacious, there's a balcony, and the bedroom is just as big with a tv in there as well and a gigantic bathroom. The bathroom also has a washing machine / dryer [the European style with the special detergent]. The spa tub is humongous, and the counter space for ten girls to get ready is great. Every room has multiple mirrors, and the shower is pretty nice. [I wish it wasn't a clear door though]. JUNIOR SUITEThere's a kitchen in here too, but this room is more like a studio. The counter space is much less than the deluxe room, but the size of the room is still quite bog. Also has a balcony with a great view of the strip not too far away. LOCATIONIt's on East Harmon, right by Planet Hollywood. You can walk indoors between the three towers, and I believe Tower 1 has a casino in it. Tower 2 has pizza. We taxied everywhere, but it can add up. Good thing the room rates can be pretty awesome.
4	Got a great deal through Amazon Local and Luxury Suites International. Stayed in Tower 2, made the trek to the MGM Grand many times via moving sidewalks. The nice thing is that the walkway ends up right at the MGM pool entrance, adjacent to the spa.The Signature vibe is very relaxing, with a gated entrance and valet parking. Funny thing, you can head towards the casino via the walkway OR exit through the front door of any tower...into the hot sun, down a lonely walkway, to a side street with no amenities. Very clever. Always steer the customer towards the gaming tables!!You should stay at the Signature for a relaxing change of pace.
4	Stayed here for a week. I have been less than thrilled with the $25 per day requirement for the Internet that everyone seems to be charging...Especially since the Internet only works when you're literally in your room, and not many places... Every time you log on, after you haven't been on for a few minutes, you need to re-accept their terms of service. It got quite annoying.Overall, a good hotel. Will be staying here again, not necessarily for its bargain prices, but it's location to the convention center.
5	As my best friend's maid of honor, I had the honor of organizing the best bachelorette that ever hit the streets of Vegas. While price matching the biggest and best suites on the entire strip, The Signature suites were definitely the best deal. All for under a $1000, we got a ballin' one bedroom suite that was basically like a condo. Along with the one master bedroom and master bathroom, the room included a spacious living room with a pull-out queen sofa bed, another full bathroom, a full kitchen (with everything you can possibly imagine in a fully stocked kitchen) , and full access to a balcony (great for accommodating the smokers.)Though it is a non-smoking hotel and doesn't have a casino, you can still have full access to everything at the MGM resort, which is a bit of a walk after a long night of partying. Every tower has it's own pool, but again, you can access the pools at the MGM and Wet Republic. On Friday's the pool at Tower 3 has Bottomless Drink specials, which is always a great deal. All the amenities and accommodations were more than what we could have asked for. Overall, if you're looking for a baller spot to enjoy the finer things in Vegas, then this is a great place to stay at.
4	I got to stay in a 1BR room in Tower 2 with friends for the weekend -- an absolutely great room at that!  It was condo-style, so there was a full kitchen - a much appreciated plus!  We also had two full bathrooms (the master was absolutely huge), a queen size bed and pull-out bed.  The only downside to the hotel was the distance we had to walk to get from the self-parking at the MGM Grand to get to the Towers (you basically need to cross the entire hotel and then walk through a long hallway to get to the Signature).  It's a good and quiet hotel which is a much needed break from the rest of the Strip - it was great!
4	This place is good but it's really not where you should be staying if you're visiting Vegas. They're one of the very few gated properties that have a doorman that will ask where you're going before opening the gate for vehicles. There's no pedestrian walkway if you enter through that gate. And PLEASE DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT WALK FROM MGM, it literally takes you 20 minutes to get to Tower 1. Speaking of towers, Tower 3's entrance is closed at night which makes no sense, so you'll have to enter from Tower 2. Not a long walk at all, but why? I don't write reviews about how much sunlight you get in your room and yada yada yada. Hey it's Vegas. I'll write about it if there's no sunlight in a room.There is no self-parking at The Signature but valet is free like other places. I once parked my car at self-parking at MGM and walked to The Signature. When I headed out again, I was surprised how long the walk really is. When I finally made to the elevator at self-parking, I realized I didn't bring the key, so I walked back. I took a taxi to self-parking at MGM. Yep, that's how ridiculous the distance between MGM and The Signature.
4	Surprisingly I found this hotel/condo on Craigslist, and although I don't normally recommend this method of vacation rental, it did work out for me. Bluechipvegas.com. We rented the 2 bedroom 3 bath and 2 kitchen condo which was GREAT for our family of 8. Beautiful condo and I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't mind the 10/15 minute walk to the MGM. If you like the convenience of jumping on the elevator and dropping into the casino, this isn't for you. There are 3 towers (#1 closest to MGM) 4 pools ( if you count the MGM pool) available to guests, 2 fitness centers, a deli and a Starbucks.Bear in mind that there is NO self park at the signature, valet is mandatory.  There is self park at the MGM, but in my option..... Shell out the $2 you cheap ass.Also, there isn't much within WALKING distance of The Signature, rent a car 'cause a taxi will cost you more or heat stroke will get you an express ticket to the ER.I wouldn't hesitate staying here again. GREAT customer service, beautiful facility and overall awesome.
4	Stayed here for my bachelorette party last weekend and had an awesome time. The rooms were very comfy and I loved having a kitchen (late night instant noodle is awesome). Each room comes with a complimentary valet service which was awesome. And since this is technically part of MGM, you can use their pool for free.Just a few things to note:1) Do not wait in line at the MGM Grand to check-in, the Signature has a separate front desk2) Do not part at the MGM Grand, it is quite a bit of a walk3) Do not bother paying to get into Wet Republic when you can party at the regular MGM pool which is right next door (you get the awesome music without having to pay for it and the regular pool is not as crowded).4) Housekeeping is not available through the regular channels, apparently they have a separate agency and a 1-800 number for you to call5) The pinball slot machine by near the Wolfgang Puck Restaurant in the MGM is a money machine!!! I turned $3 to $79 (I am not a big gambler so this is HUGE for me)All-in-all I thought this was a great place to stay, it is close enough to the strip that it is walkable but if you are in heels just forget it and cab it to wherever you are going.
5	Has a wonderful stay here when I visited Las Vegas 7/15-7/19/13. My room, which was located in tower 3 was clean, spacious, well-decorated, and had a balcony. When I arrived at the hotel in the afternoon of 7/15 I was originally staying in tower 1. My sister was in tower 3 so I asked if they could switch me and they did with no problem and even upgraded my room to be on the 35th floor with a balcony. I couldn't have been happier!I have stayed at this hotel in the past...I guess now they opted to take all of the dinnerware, dishes, glasses, etc. out of the room and only give them to you if you request. Requesting this was not a problem, they brought up a skillet, pots, pans, dishes, bowls, mugs, cups, wine glasses, sharp knives, forks, spoons, butter knives, cork screws, etc. up within 10 min. of me calling. My room came with a toaster, blender, and coffee maker, which was convenient. The only thing I didn't like was the $25 ($28 with tax) resort fee they charge you. They give you 2 12 oz bottles of water every day, access to the gym, and access to the internet for the $28 so it's not like you're just pissing it away....but I feel they should give you that stuff anyway and not charge extra. Oh well. I'll still stay here again.
5	This was my first time to Vegas and we came on Memorial Day weekend! Not only was this the cheapest place we could find to stay, it was absolutely perfect. It is connected through a walkway to the MGM so you are close to the action. The rooms were clean and very nice. We had two one bedroom suites with balconies that overlooked the strip.
1	This place had such good reviews so I was excited. And then very disappointed. The room itself was nice (If you ignore the dent in the wall by the bed and stain on the chair). And it was cool that we got to use the MGM pool (after walking a mile but that is just MGM in general.) But that is where my happiness stopped. This place is expensive and a high star-rated hotel- I expect excellent service because of it. I couldn't check in early (despite the fact that when I booked it they told me I could for a fee), fine- that's life I'll wait at the pool till check-in.  Then I had to wait in line to check my bags with the bell hop. Then at check-in I had to wait in another 30 min. line to check-in (if you are that full- have more people there to help!!) Then to continue my day full of waiting- I had to wait another 45 mins for the bell hop to bring my bags up to me while I sit in my wet bathing suit and wanting to shower but have nothing to change into.  The valet took about 20 mins to get my car, and they clearly parked it in the hot sun not in a garage, because it was hot when we got it. I didn't get the promised VIP tickets to the clubs I was supposed to receive. I didn't get the corner room I was promised at the desk. And the employees were all very snickety instead of polite and helpful. When spending money at a luxury hotel, I expect luxury results. I will not be staying here ever again.
3	My wife and I stayed here for our 1 year anniversary and I would have to say that the hotel rooms are very nice. They are spacious with kitchenettes and balconies. Many people say its far from the strip but their crazy. Take the moving walkways to MGM or just a block away is Planet Hollywood. The biggest downfall and what I had the hardest problem with was the service checking in and the Valet. We arrived at 130 and were told the room wasn't ready. OK. Were early...understandable. 3pm comes and we check back in. Still no room. We were told it would be done in a few minutes so check back in about an hour but not with her because she leaves then. Weird, a few minutes shouldn't be an hour and why would you tell us that your leaving then. 45 minutes later overhearing a conversation at the counter their being told they can't get their room until 530. Luckily the new woman we spoke with was able to steal a room for us before someone else took it from the list. If this happens to you wait at the desk until they get you a room right then, don't sit around for 2 hours thinking it will be a few minutes. Another issue was the valet. If your a hotel in Vegas expect that it is going to be crowded on the weekends. Therefore, have enough staff to valet. You shouldn't have to stand around in 100+ degrees for 45 min to an hour to have your car be brought up. I am a very understanding person when it comes to mishaps or whatever. But when I go back and ask where my car is and they scan the ticket and walk away with no answer other than there's car's in front of you. I also was told I was a liar when I asked someone else and he told me I was only waiting five minutes. Every time they scan your card it logs it. After he argued with me about it I think he finally realized that well it has been 45 minutes since it was first scanned. I had no trouble at the other resorts with valeting. If you need your car during any check in or out times make sure you self park in MGM Grand. Save yourself the headache. Besides the two customer service mishaps this was a really nice hotel. I would definitely go back.
5	Woohoo!  As good as it gets!I like to repeat yelp's interpretation of 5 stars, and I LOVED my stays in the Signature.  I've stayed twice with a group of all girls, in Tower 2 and Tower 3, and both times were amazing!  Lots of bathroom space, counter space, mirrors, 2 showers.  In the larger bathroom you can close the toilet separate from the rest of the room while someone else is getting ready in the mirror, and someone else is making drinks and/or food in the kitchen, and someone else is on the balcony checking out how busy the Wet Republic and the Lazy River is.  We used the kitchen and saved a ton of money, they have dishes, cookware, measuring cups, a huge fridge and freezer, and a dishwasher.  :)Highly recommend this hotel!!
3	I recently returned from a business trip to Vegas and spent 5 nights at the Signature.  We happen to be a fan of staying in the MGM as its right on the monorail path to the convention center, and dealing with that cab line on the way out of the LVCC is never fun.As for the rooms, they are absolutely great.  Spacious rooms and big bathrooms include the Jacuzzi tub.  Everything is well appointed in the rooms.As for that walk to the MGM...I am very much proposing the MGM start an annual out and back 10K down that hallway.  I happen to be that guy who enjoys walking everywhere over a short taxi ride, even in the Vegas summer heat, but walking that hallway out to Tower 3, 2-3 round trips a day, really got to me with 6 days of it.  If I was only around for the weekend, I likely would not have much to moan about.  If you decide this is the place for you, I recommend checking out: http://preferredhotelgroup.com/preferred/destinations/united-states/nevada/las-vegas/the-signature-at-mgm-grand The Preferred Hotel Group has a stake in a number of the rooms here and often seriously undercuts the MGM rates.  On my stay, through Preferred Hotel Group, I got a Breakfast Package that included room service breakfast for 2 each morning, for less than the room only rates for the MGM or The Signature.  The website rates also dropped as I got closer to the travel dates.If I came to town for fun for me, I'd likely go Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Venetian.Next time I'm around on business, I'll likely go back to the MGM as the redone rooms there are greatly improved over a couple years ago.  If PHG offered a smoking rate with room service breakfast next time I'm back on business, I would definitely be tempted to book Signature again, but likely have a 'what was I thinking moment' every time I walked that hallway.
1	Literally one of the worst hotel experiences of my life!!!Came to LV on business and wanted to stay in the quiet atmosphere of the Signature Towers where I booked a room with two queen beds for me and a coworker.I was instead offered a room with a single bed and a couch that, apparently, folded out into a cot, dorm-room-style!!!Upon several hours of pointless complaining, the staff continued to insist that all of their rooms came with one bed and one cot and all counted as having two Queens and that should I like to have two actual beds to sleep in, I am welcome to book two separate rooms at the newly inflated rate due to the late booking and the fullness of the hotel because of the convention.The staff had zero sympathy and claimed that they have never before had anyone complain of the pull out cot situation.Terribly mis-advertized, terrible customer service.Save your money and your sanity, stay anywhere else!!!
4	Let me say that I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but the location is the only drawback and knocked it down to four.  Even with the long long walk to MGM via walkways or to Planet Hollywood via street, this place has got so much going for it.  Rooms are gorgeous - spacious, modern, amazing views.  They have small kitchens, so you can stow your leftovers for either a late-night snack or for breakfast (avoiding the MESS that is Vegas for breakfast) and warm them up in the microwave.  The tub was an enormous jacuzzi with a separate glass shower.  If you drive there, the gatehouse will tell you which tower you are in, so both valet and check-in are instant, no lines.  (I waited in line at Mandalay Bay for 30 minutes to check in, don't get me started on the valet line.)  Staff was warm and friendly, but not intrusive.Lastly, the beds and linens are sooooo comfortable!
2	I would love to rate this higher but three strikes and your out in my book. We used to stay here in the past however due too poor service we stopped coming to MGM. We have been going to the Wynn ever since very nice hotel however the crowd was a bit too old for our taste. We decided to give Signature a try three weeks ago, on the second day my wife's phone was stolen by the pool. The security dropped the ball and missed the chance to catch the person who they have on video. That cost us $199.00 to replace. We came back to Signature this week for a convention, they over charged for the room would not extend our stay and In fact when I told them we could book the room on Expedia for $120 per night they could care less. Instead we checked out moved to the Cosmopolitan we now have a room on the 37 floor over looking the Bellagio with a balcony and a tub that over looks the fountains. They could care less they lost us as clients. We will never return to MGM. Lousy service at the front desk in the morning cost them money. Much deserved credit goes to David and Serge in Tower 2 who checked us in, they no how to treat a guest, I look forward to seeing them over here at the Cosmo as for the front desk girls in the am, you would be fired if you worked for me.
5	Absolutely love this hotel ...My husband does an almost week long tradeshow every year in Vegas and this was the first year my son and I accompanied him.  Was always previously concerned about being in Vegas for a long period of time as the whole scene just gets very old.  MGM Signature is wonderfully tucked away and I could have stayed there for weeks.  The hotel consists of three separate towers behind MGM with a separate gated entrance.  No long valet lines or herds of people. What I loved about the room ...- Pullout bed- DVD player- Kitchen with mini refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker, toaster, two burner stove, blender, microwave, pots/pans, cutlery, plates, etc.- Wonderful jacuzzi tubMy son and I ate breakfast and lunch everyday in our room.  I was making pancakes, scrambled eggs and smoothies in the tiny kitchen.  We brought in all of our groceries and it was so convenient to be able to make our own meals and not rely upon hotel dining.We stayed in tower one but the pool at that tower did not permit children.  Short walk to tower two pool, which was great.  My son really had a blast.  We did spend a day at the MGM pool - which was madness - but enjoyed the lazy river.  It was really nice to be at a quiet pool away from the party scene.  We were able to walk everywhere from the hotel.  100 degrees outside but we walked indoors from the Signature to MGM to NY NY to Excalibur.  This hotel is very right for people who are looking for what I was looking for!  If you want to be in the hustle and bustle with a casino in the hotel, etc., I would stay elsewhere.
5	Reasons why you should stay here:Free valet parking;Easy access to the Strip and the Monorail;Plush Bathrobes;Pragmatic Design/Layout;Vanity Mirror;Kichenette with kichenware/ utensils;Huge Jet Tub;Great Staff;Non Casino;Full Balcony; and Large RoomI've stayed here before, but I loved it even more this time.  The Signature is the ideal hotel to stay at in Vegas, especially for a convention.Bf and I checked in on 8/20/13 for MAGIC.  It was noon and the suites were not ready.  I left the bags with the the bellman outside by the valet.  Kathleen said she would call me when the room is ready and she DID as she promised at about 3.When we arrived, there was a man who opened the door for us and walked us over to the check in area.  Kathleen is Caucasian, but she handed my id and credit card with both hands as it's customary among Japanese.  I really appreciated that subtle but profound extra touch.The Signature is extremely convenient.  Although it's not the Strip, it provides indoor walkway to the MGM, and voila, you are on the Strip.  There's also a short distance access to the Monorail.  It was 4 stops to the Las Vegas Convention Center.I loved the lay out at The Signature.  First, there's a door to the bathroom, unlike the rooms in MGM.  The toilet has its separate door.  There were dual sinks, a huge jet tub and the bathroom was generous in size.  There was a vanity mirror-again an extra touch that I appreciated.  There were plush robes in the closet, and a compact yet powerful blow dryer.The Signature is a condo/hotel so each unit has a kitchenette with all the utensils and kitchenware to make a meal if you so choose.  It has a separate seating area and blackout drapes that actually work.
4	I was lucky enough to get two suites for $99 per night (for each) in the week before spring break! (It was the week between the UC's spring break and Cal State spring break.) We stayed for 3 nights, Mon - Thurs.The suites were clean, spacious and luxuriously well furnished rooms with a pull out sofa bed and king bed. The bathroom featured both a large jacuzzi tub and separate shower, with two bathrobes in the wardrobe. A feature of the rooms I loved was the alarm clock with iPod dock! The pens and notepads left by the two phones in the room were also high quality.I didn't get a chance to use the kitchen, which was fully equipped with a toaster, blender, microwave, stove and all the utensils you would have at home. Staying in Tower 1, the walk to the Strip wasn't hugely different from what it would have been had we stayed in the MGM Grand (it's only about 5 minutes walk into the main MGM pool/ restaurant area. The walkway had escalator belts like those at the airport to speed it up. In addition I was told that the walk time between each of the Signature towers is only about 30secs, so it wouldn't have made too much of a difference had we stayed  in Tower 3). The hotel features free valet to each of the towers and luggage storage.There was a little trouble at check in. Despite requesting the guaranteed early check in when booking over the phone ($20 extra), we were told that in fact we had not been charged for it. We were also not informed that early check in started at 11am (we arrived at 9am). As a result we decided to explore a little before returning to the hotel lobby at 11am to check whether the rooms had been cleaned yet. At 11am the clerk told us the rooms were still not ready, so again we went to casino/ the Strip to kill some time. By 3pm (regular check in time) we went back to the lobby, were told that cleaning had been done. We checked in, received our keys and proceeded upstairs.... only to find the cleaner still in one of the rooms and telling us that the other hadn't been cleaned yet! So, slightly tired and irritated (we drove all the way from LA at 4am that morning!) we returned to the lobby, explained the situation. The clerk was courteous and  offered us $50 dining credit as compensation, and informed us that he would rush the cleaning service and call me once it was completed.In the end our rooms weren't done until 4:30pm, however the quality of the suites soon cheered us up!Just a note: the pool in Tower 1 is for 18+, whereas the pools in tower 2 and 3 are 14+. Since I was with my 10yr old brother we went to the Wet Republic (Grand Pool) in MGM instead.Overall a luxurious place to stay with a family or as a couple, with all the amenities you need for a great stay in Vegas. I would most definitely stay there again.
5	This place was a great stay.  The 1000 sq ft suite did not disappoint and the service was spectacular.  No casino in this section of the MGM which is great because the noise level is very low at night.  Each tower gets their own pool so there's no worrying about overcrowding, but if you are one to people watch, you can always take the 5 minute stroll to MGM and enjoy their pools as well.  You can bring your inter tubes there rather than paying the $16 fee to use for one day.  Also, you can bring in your own food but not your own booze.  If you drink spirits, be prepared to fork out about $12-$18 a drink.
5	We stayed at the MGM Signature 8/23-8/25 and it was fantastic.  I've been to Vegas 15+ times and my favorite hotel (based on the room itself) up until now was the Venetian.  The rooms are large, have a separate sitting area with couch and a nice kitchenette.  The bathroom is great with jacuzzi tub and shower with a separate toilet room.The kitchen includes a Large "mini" fridge which was perfect.  We brought food and booze and made breakfast ourselves everyday.  Would definitely go back again.  Tips: Drive in at the E. Harmon entrance, DO NOT park at the main MGM garage.Ask for an upgrade when you check in.  Worked for us.They will let you bring beer to the pool.Ask for a high floor in tower 3 if you want a quiet get away.The "walk" to the MGM is not that bad, in fact there are moving sidewalks to help and it's all indoor.
5	Clean, swanky, amazing staff. Bed was comfy, bath was awesome, in Vegas you don't spend much time in the room (I was either sleeping or in the tub) but will probably stay here next time. Great price and value. Never used the pool or other facilities.
3	I give  the mgm 3 stars, for a few reasons, keep in mind, I am a princess & the pea traveler, and I only stay in 5 star hotels wherever possible.  I am allergic to perfumes & carpet freshener.They have air freshener piped into the air conditioner in the lobby, not anywhere else luckily.  They use carpet fresheners.  You must valet your car (tips), they don't supply the galley in your room with utensils, you have to ask (tip).  There is a $25 a night resort fee.  The bed could be a higher quality.That being said the staff is Excellent!!, the hotel is new, & nice.
5	I've been wanting to check out The Signature for years, and since I'm a firm believer of "everything in moderation", I stayed here on two occasions this past July.Hits:* Love the massive drive up to the 3 towers after the gates open... talk about a grand entrance!* The picture booth in the lobby is fun :)* All the staff I have come across have been so courteous, willing to help, and extremely accommodating* Was only a little obsessed with our balcony view from the 2nd tower, 35th floor of the Strip skyline... Swanky livin'!* Spacious, lovely golden-hued rooms, which matches the color scheme of the tower exterior, complete with a kitchen or kitchenette with high-end appliances (Bosch, Miele), and space-wise, even the studio suite had more room than expected* Dishware and teacups made of bone china... Pinkies up!* Pop-up TV table in the bedroom* Staying in a condo on the Strip at a fair (and bordering cheap) price tag with more amenities than we knew what to do with* Very secure -- complete with checking in before the driveway gates to make sure there's no randos, and security guards occasionally roaming the halls to make sure our doors were closed* No need to cab it to Hakkasan from here :)* Accessible to Las Vegas Blvd. through MGM Grand via a walkway (AND MOVING WALKWAY) with a food court in betweenLessons Learned:* Though we had no problems with friends visiting our suite, having a security check- in just added an extra burden... Also, if you wanna add a friend name to your reservation at check-in, make sure you know how to spell correctly :/ (that was my bad, and the guard at the gate gave them a hard time about it... But in the end still let them in)* Getting our car during check out one weekend took a good half hour -- valet drivers seemed understaffed* Hailing a cab can be relatively challenging, since they don't normally wait there -- either the valet calls or we hop into a cab that has dropped off another party there* It's hard to accommodate valeting multiple cars on one reservation during holiday weekendsAfter visiting Vegas 3 times within one month, I'm taking a (hopefully short) hiatus. When I'm ready to return to my second home and party on the south end of the Strip, I would love to stay here again.
5	Just got back from our stay and couldn't be more happy. Staff was amazing! Lady at the counter gave us and upgrade to a suite, it was awesome. The walk to the MGM is not bad at all. I always like to try new hotels every trip but that may end. May just be a regular at the signature.
1	We stayed here this weekend. When we booked we let them know we had children. They assured us the pools would be perfect for them. Well, that could not be a bigger lie of they tried. The pool was so over packed with drunk people that the lazy river doesn't even move. One man even pushed my 8 year old under the most intense waterfall I have ever felt. Luckily my 25 year old saw her in time and pulled her out from being trapped in the current. When I told management, they said there was nothing they could do, that they have a routy crowd because of the concerts they host... So why did you originally tell me this is the perfect place for kids? Also, why does a child drowning not alert the sleeping lifeguard? Oh, and why is their response to my child drowning, "I can comp you a couple drinks at the pool tomorrow?" Are you kidding? Why would I go back to pool where my child almost died? You should also know the Signature's team claims there are not a part of the MGM even though they are called The Signature at the MGM Grand. What a joke. Don't got here. Way over priced and not safe at all. Another thing- you're only allowed to park 1 car at the hotel. They tell you if you have 2 to go park the other one at the MGM even though they claim not to be connect.
4	Whenever I go to Vegas I like staying at different hotels. The Signature is a nice spot. Condo style suites, clean (big deal to me), staff was friendly, the suites are a good size (it slept 5 girls comfortably), & the beds are comfy. Only four stars because when we asked for more towels one of the nights it took them almost an hour to get us our towels and we all know that one hour wasted in VEGAS girl time is like wasting half the day! Also upon check out time when we called for a bell hop to help us bring down our bags, same thing!! Having to carry my own bags down, hungover, & running on a few hours of sleep wasn't a pleasant experience. I'm not a stickler for the whole customer service thing with hotels; I'm more about the cleanliness & comfortable stay, but I know to others customer service & hospitality is more important so I figured I should just throw it out there.
3	I really do love the signature but could only give it three stars because of a few important factors.I've been to this hotel 7 times in the past few years. Every January since 2009 for CES as well as a stay during May and a stay in August. Its a phenomenal property and beautiful inside. Love the appliances and the fact that we get a refrigerator, stove, and microwave every time. It's also nice and rare to find a property in Vegas with balconies. Although it's one block off the strip, that's close enough to enjoy the view.Here are the downsides:1. The Internet is terrible. I'm an IT guy so I know when it's a problem with my laptop or the service. Over my 7 stays here, I can't remember a time when we didn't have complaints about the Internet. I've had to call engineering 3 or 4 times, each time they haven't been able to help. Most recently, I tried to run a speed test to justify my complaint. I couldn't even get the test to run several times. The one time that it was successful I got .06Mbps down. For a laymen, this is worse than dialup speeds.  This time when I called (September 2013) he told me they were redoing their Wifi. My fingers are crossed. With a resort fee of $25 a day for non-working internet, I'm not impressed.2. The shower, although it has a standard shower handle, has basically two settings: Too hot and not quite hot enough. Out of my 7 stays, I've experienced this problem the majority of the time but not every time. I'm not sure what it is, and I haven't found any rhyme or reason to adjusting the knob, but you have to turn it pretty far to get it to the point where it's hot enough. But then it gets too hot. So you turn it down but it takes about a 45 degree turn to notice any difference. And then it's too cold. Typically at this point I make fine adjustments back upward toward hot and eventually I get it after a few minutes. But it's just not quite normal.3. Room delivery: Having a kitchen in our room, we've found some times where we either need glasses or utensils or plates, etc. I think we've only called down 3 times over our many stays but it generally is a 45+ minute wait to get things delivered. Just the other night, I needed a few glasses. The room didn't have any although I believe it was supposed to. So we called down and requested them. It took an hour and a half. At this point we had bought Solo cups and were drinking out of those. I think it's because they have to walk things over from the Grand so I can understand but it would be cool if the service was a little bit faster. Overall I still like the hotel and will probably stay again. But these problems have been consistent so I can't quite justify 4 or 5 stars.
5	This place is amazing. We stayed here for a week in October 2010 and the room was amazing. The bed was super comfortable, the kitchen was convenient, the bathroom was elegant, and the massive balcony was AMAZING. I like that it was connected to MGM so we could have easy access to the casino. The walk was a little far, but that's okay. I also loved the Starbucks conveniently located in the hotel.
4	Came here with a TravelZoo dealand got a suite in Tower 3 on the 30th floor. Great views of the airport, looking at the unmarked white with a red stripe planes taking off for area 51 right now! Pop up TV in the bedroom, another flat screen in the living room, 2 bathrooms, one with a jet stream hot tub, full fridge, microwave, toaster, dish washer and oven, in case you want to cook to save money (j/k if you stay here you don't need to save money). Couch and a long arm chai in the living room, in case you want to bring 2 extra friends in. Walking distance to MGM green hotel, and if you want to sneak in friends it's easier to have them park there and walk here. They have a gate security that will ID every driver and car and sign them in if you want to park here. Nice, clean and over all luxurious suite, nice view from the balcony, complimentary wifi and valet
4	This is quickly becoming one of my favorite hotels on the strip. They tend to have a lot of deals which is nice, so you can get a suite at The Signature for cheaper than you would a room at MGM Grand, yet not only do you double your room size but you also have access to the MGM Grand pools. We got a one-bedroom two-bathroom suite which was perfect for the 5 girls that went - having two bathrooms was a serious luxury when it came time for all of us to get ready! The suite was large, comfortable, and had a great view of the MGM pools. We also had a fully stocked kitchen which would be convenient for longer stays.The only downfall is that some of the rooms condos that are managed by a separate company - and they like to make things a little different. They will not allow you to check into the room early, even if it was unoccupied the night before, and their separate housekeeping staff closes at 5pm and therefore you cannot get towels or other things after 5pm which is a pain. But we made it work, and they gave us keys to hit the pool until check-in time, so it was not a big issue.It is a little bit of a walk to MGM from The Signature, but its nice to be a little bit separated from all of the chaos of the Casino so it is absolutely worth it.
4	I just spent 6 days at the Signature and I am pretty sure this is my new favorite!I have stayed at the MGM Grand many times in the past and have always enjoyed it but this was my first here.The good: PRICE!! I went through a suite owner and got a nice suite for about 25% less than a normal hotel room with no resort fees.Very nice staff and amenitiesStarbucks right in the lobby of tower 1You don't have to trek through the casino unless you really want toVery short walk to the monorailThe bad: It is pretty far away from everything...honestly this is a plus AND a minus in my bookThis place is great if you are here for business or conventions when you don't care about time in the casino's.5 minute walk to the Monorail station and a 10 minute walk to the strip are worth it in my book.
1	TERRIBLE hotel. Full of drunk fools, f'wits and frat boys running around half naked, drunk and quite frankly, pathetic. Very noisy rooms, albeit large and spacious. Average views, even on the side overlooking the strip. A long way from the center of the strip, which means a lot of unnecessary walking. Staff that don't know the term service let alone how to deliver it. We checked out after 2 HORRIFYING, sleepless nights and went to a real hotel. Can I please give negative stars??
2	The valet service is good but flawed, Sunday wait for your car after checkout was around 30min(as I was told), I waited over an hour because they lost my car and brought it to a different tower
4	Beautiful non-gambling hotel attached to the MGM. We stay here twice a year for 8-11 days. And that for the past few years. So, I dare to say we're regular guests. That means that we also see the changes over the years. And those are not always for the better......In this review I only commend the general amenities like the pool, the reception, the overall premises and the valet. We almost alway book the room through Luxury Suites International so you'll find the review of the room and the roomservice there.Having said that. Let's review The Signature. In the past we've stayed in Tower 2 and 3, but the last years we always request Tower 1. It's nearer to the MGM (and believe, it's quit a walk) and the pool has better sun hours. Almost all day long you can have a spot in the sun. So you wish......But, I don't alway want to sit in the sun. I prefer a parasol because my skin is definitely not used to over 100F. And that seems to be a problem in the last few years. Every year there are less parasols. I regret that deeply. For me it should be obliged by law to provide (free) parasols I've you offer pool amenities. This is Vegas, this is the dessert! We even had one year (about 3-4 years ago) that you had to pay $30 for a parasol. Luckily that stopped with that ridiculous policy.So the pool is the only thing I deduct a star for. Mostly because of the parasol issue and besides that because of the paid chairs and cabanas ($75-$200). Maybe because I'm European that I dislike that, but maybe also because I seldom see anybody use them. Like I said, we're here twice a year. Late may/june and late september/october, during the weeks, the weekends and sometimes a holiday and in all those years last may was the first time I saw a party using a cabana. Loose those things and use the parasols and space for other guests. That would be a really nice gesture.And in the past (like everything) the pool service was better. More, free parasols, free bottles of water and thicker towels.Valet service is excellent. I really like the friendly staff. Fitness facilities are nice. Wifi service depends a little bit on the place you are. But it seems to be better than in the past. And it's a good thing they don't provide free newspapers anymore to all rooms. I believe you can pick up a copy at the front desk. Probably saves a lot of money and trees. All together we would definitely recommend this hotel and I hope to be back in 2014.(Note: I'm no native speaker so please forgive any spelling and grammar mistakes.)
5	Very impressed with staff and quality of service recieved. One of the best hotels on the strip. Lots of space in the rooms and kept clean. If u need anything the staff is on point and jumps to it. Definetly worth the stay.
5	I may be biased in my review because when we stayed here we were on the top floor. The room was absolutely wonderful and the room service was prompt and courteous. The bedroom was modern and the bathroom was spacious for two! The living room had plenty of room or us to spread out and repack for the remainder of our voyages in the wild west! Off the strip for those that have been there and done that enough times. The balconies are not for those with a fear of heights... especially on a windy day! It is a great place for the experienced Las Vegas traveler!!!
3	This is a really nice hotel.  The rooms are spacious and the beds comfortable (although i felt ours was a bit TOO soft... ) HOWEVER, there were a few things that I felt left much to be desired. FIRST, although I expected the resort fee ($25 per night)...what I did NOT expect was the outrageous fee for "incidentals"... (WTF)?! We never even took advantage of the overpriced $8 WATER BOTTLE! Or the Gajiliion Dollar Bag of Nuts!! (Of course I'm exaggerating... but it's only so you'll have an idea as to how extremely OVERPRICED these items are!!) And they hit you with the fee up front so again... WTF! I was not aware of this when we booked. Otherwise I would have stayed elsewhere. THEN, it's really far from the strip... Yes they tell you there's a walk way you can use through the MGM... but it's like 1 MIMLE from the entrance... after a few days of doing this, it feels as if you've walked for MILES!!!  Needless to say, we will NOT be staying here again... lesson learned.
5	This is my favorite place to stay so far in Vegas !! (that I can afford! Lol) I love the lazy river and I love the layout of the rooms. I stayed here for my 21st birthday with a group of girls and we never felt crowded. I'd stay here anytime gladly! :)
4	I loved that this all-suite property is non-smoking and doesn't require you to walk through a casino to check in to your room yet it's connected to MGM so you have access to all the amenities like casino, restaurants, pools, and other attractions. When the MGM is crazy, you step through the doors of the walkway to the Signature and you are immediately swept away from the hustle and the bustle of Vegas. Loved that! We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 30th floor with a balcony! The elevator was fast and we never had to wait long for it. The staff was very pleasant, the rooms clean, the bed comfy, and the room nicely decorated. I would definitely stay here again!
2	Unfortunately I didnt have the best experience at this establishment. After driving 4 hours into Vegas, my boyfriend and I were anticipating a great couple of days at this suite hotel. When we walked in the receptionist went right to asking us our last name (no hello, or asking how we are) we were then given a key and told to enjoy our stay. while the woman next to us was getting a full on explanation as to where the EVERYTHING in and near the hotel was located. We were tired, so i let that slide. We went upstairs and the toilet was broke, there were toenail or fingernails on the floor and the phone didnt work to call downstairs. Yikes...so I went downstairs and was told i would have to wait on maintenance. I requested a different room (from a different attendant) and she said before doing that we would need to see what was wrong with the room? not sure why...but we waited.(mind you we wanted to shower,change, use the bathroom etc) No one was being apathetic what-so-ever.We ended up being put in another room. Which then led to me going downstairs to request a manager (from the first attendant that was rude) I explained that my boyfriend and I have experienced bad customer service thus far and would like to notify him of the employees they have. how quickly that changed everything and we were given 100 dollars to spend in the nearby restaurants and a discount. Interesting...now the rooms ARE nice but I dont know if i can say well kept considering all that we experienced with such bad customer service.
4	My boyfriend and i scheduled a trip this past weekend (9/28-9/30) I flew in earlier than he did and i loved how courteous the bell man was, he opened doors and brought water to me while i waited for my ride. i wasn't able to get an early check -in but i was able to leave my luggage while i visited some family. the room was just the perfect size for us. and it had a balcony and it was great to enjoy the view. we stayed in the 3rd tower which i read awful reviews from other yelpers about the walking to MGM and the strip. EHH not too bad. When we walked to the strip we took the back way instead of going through MGM (that was smart) and the first night we partied at Hakassan so not having to pay for taxi that night was awesome!! our room was impeccable after room service and i didn't have someone banging at our door at 11am to remind me about checkout time which is great. After all i will definitely stay here again.
4	I'm a fan this hidden gem is amazing. It's connected to the main casino. The rooms are like mini apartments. It had a kitchen with a stove, pot and pans & a giant tub. Check it out online. This is where I'm staying next time I'm in Vegas
2	If you are a night person in Vegas and want to sleep during the day this is not the place for you. we were on the 25th floor and below us was reverberating club music coming up from the pool. So loud! Looked like everyone at it were enjoying themselves but those of us that need to sleep did not enjoy. We asked for another room but they were unable given we had booked the room through another site. 2 stars for the music and 2 stars for the customer service.
1	The worst check in ever!!!!!!!!! We waited for 2 hours!!!! And also a long walk to the strip!
4	Ooooh.... almost got five stars, if not for a few hiccups. I was originally supposed to stay at the MGM property, but due to a long story that I do not wish to revisit, I ended up at the Signature. The hotel is really nice and off the beaten path of the Strip. I for one, like the bright lights and craziness of the strip, but if you are craving a little more mellow Vegas experience, you'll love this hotel. My issue was that I was there to partake in festivities entirely in the MGM property and to walk from one hotel to the other is a country mile.  They do have those people movers to help you along (3 of them to be exact) but if you're in Tower 3, it's still a really long walk.  Add long Vegas nights and high heels into the equation and it gets old really fast. Another small issue (which seemed HUGE at the time) was coming back to my room dead tired after a night of debauchery, only to find that my room key had been deactivated.  I had to stomp over to the courtesy phone and it took quite a while for someone to pick up. I mouthed to the person viewing the camera over my head "I am not happy right now."  Now for the good, as stated previously, the hotel is gorgeous, and my room was quite spacious, with a huge bathroom, complete with a ginormous jacuzzi tub, TV to watch as you lounge in said jacuzzi, double sinks, large glass enclosed shower and the toilet in a huge separate closet.  As for the room, pretty comfy bed, couch, coffee table, desk and a large balcony with a view of the strip from a block away.  I didn't take advantage of it, but the room has an electric stove, microwave, mini fridge, dishes, pans and silverware to cook. Everyone I dealt with in person and on the phone was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to please. If you're looking for a plush, classy hotel and you don't mind a lot of walking to and fro, I'd highly recommend The Signature.
4	This was my third time at the Signature and the experience was wonderful. We like a lot of space and no smoky noisy casino where we stay. The room was very quiet at night,no doors slamming or unattended children running around. We enjoyed eating breakfast in our room and some lunches,it's nice to eat in and it saves a lot of dollars. The housekeeping service was spot on. The walk to the MGM is not that far it's good to get some exercise after eating and drinking.  My only complaint is the noise from the pool area,even in the penthouse it was loud. I would definitely recommend this suite hotel and plan on returning in the future.
5	This was probably the best experience I have had at a hotel, ever. We booked online through their website. I would definitely suggest doing it. Sure, you *may* get a better rate somewhere else, but chances are, you won't be treated as well. It's common knowledge that hotel's treat customers who book directly with them better because it shows that you chose them not based off their lowest price, but because you wanted to stay at a specific hotel. The Signature is one of the highest rated hotels in Vegas for a reason. All the rooms are suites. It's a non-gambling, non-smoking hotel. There are 3 towers, and each Tower has it's own Pool area. The Towers are all connected to each other with indoor walk-ways and attached to the MGM Grand, with moving walk-ways. Tower 1 is the closest to MGM Grand, and Tower 3 is the furthest. I stayed in Tower 2 and was very happy with it, the walk was very reasonable. This is also a gated resort. We stayed on the top floor(38th floor) and had a wonderful view. Our room was spacious, and comfortable. There is a kitchenette included, as well as a 2 person Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. All the staff were kind and knowledgeable. Check-in was easy, and Housekeeping was fantastic. This hotel may not be on par with places like The Ventian, Bellagio or Ceasar's Palace but it is a great value. The price was on par with places like Mandalay Bay, Treasure Island, New York, and was much, much better quality. It's location is great if you plan on seeing a show at the MGM Garden Arena, and there is also easy access to the Monorail. When staying at the Signature, in addition to the pools at each tower, you also get access to the huge pool complex at the MGM, which includes 5 pools, hot tubs, and a lazy river. We used both during our stay, and it was nice to have the different options, on a busy day the pool complex at MGM might be overwhelming. The Signature also has check-in available at McCarren airport(although hours are subject to change, they were not open when I arrived a little after 5 pm on a Saturday). This is the first of it's kind of any hotel in the US. Although, I was bummed that they had just closed a few minutes before I arrived(they were even helping customers, but refused to open up for me). While I did have quick and easy check-in when I arrived at the hotel, I really wanted to take advantage of this convenience. This would honestly be the only con I had the entire stay. You can catch a cab outside the Signature as well, or they sometimes have Limos available for a reasonable rate. They held our luggage after check-out, and let us use the pool after check-out as well. All in all, it was a fantastic experience, and definitely worth the money.
5	Words can't express how awesome The Signature is.As with all Vegas luxury, it's something you have to pay for.  But if you have Mlife card, it becomes a whole lot more affordable.A fellow Yelper friend of mine had comps for a 2-bedroom suite, and it was amazing.  We had a nice view of Wet Republic and there were 3 bathrooms.  One in every bedroom, and one in the living room.  Also, the living room featured a convertible couch so it was technically like having 3 bedrooms.We were 3 dudes, and it was awesome knowing that we didn't have to share anything.While the MGM Signature is literally at the end of the strip, there really isn't much of a point to even hit the strip.  EVERYTHING is here.  There's a Fat Tuesday downstairs, their craps tables have awesome bonus bets, and the service is simply top notch.  And if you're trying to go to the club, Hakkasan is downstairs.This is where you wanna be if you play Mlife.
5	After staying in The Signature for two night I will not stay in any other hotel in Vegas any more, It is not perfect, but the size of the room, the decor, and everything else make it untouchable at it's price level.Free valet is a huge plus, and the elevator is literally right around the corner from the entrance, if you had ever stay in any giant casino hotel before you know the pain of walking back and forward from the self-parking lot. Walking to the strip is not as painful as some people had mention too (move your ass, people).Only problem is their room only has one king bed, so it's not mean for family or group travel. And also the ridiculous "resort fee" which everyone else start charging, so I think I just have to live with it.Other than that, this is the perfect hotel for sweet Vegas trip.
2	To purchase a place is actually a LOT of headache! We stayed at my gf's place here at the MGM signature and they charge her for everything -even as a "guest" of her mother's we still had to put out $65 for the stay! On top of all this the HOA fees are over $700 per month! Fees FEEs FEeesss! pretty much you are banking that property value will go up and that is about it.
2	We stayed this past weekend at the Signature suites.  Candidly, I really found it hit and miss.  We booked through Luxury Suites International, and you had to call them instead of the front desk for housekeeping and any issues.  Kind of a pain.  I will say that they did respond quickly to requests.The rooms were fine and come with toiletries -- but don't look for any extras (like shower caps, swabs or cotton balls).  We left our rooms at 9am and when we came back at 3:00 pm they had not even been serviced and had to call down to get someone to come and do it (and yes, we did have the housekeeping light on).Also, they do hold a strict 3pm arrival --- be aware of this.  We were told we could ask for an early arrival and pay a small fee -- but no dice on this.I will say that the staff were friendly and helpful, esp the guys by the bell desk and doing the valet parking, taxis. Also many thanks for recommending their own car service to the airport -- roomy trunk and inside, and the driver was great!  I totally recommend this -- about the same price as a cab -- but sooooo much nicerI will say that you don't get the smokiness in the hotel that a lot of the others (with casino attached) have.Having said all this -- not sure that I would go back though.  It is a bit off the beaten path and some of the other Vegas hotels look interesting.
5	We ended up at the Signature Suites at MGM Grand by finding a deal on Jetsetter.com. Our particular suite was managed by Luxury Suites International rather than MGM. From what I gathered these units are individually owned by managed by third parties. MGM must managed most of them but Luxury Suites has over a 100 of the 1800 units. The only difference is they use different people to clean your room, other than that you'd never know the difference. The pool at the MGM is nothing special, if you're looking for a party atmosphere try Mandalay Bay or Hard Rock. Yes there's a lazy river and another section called Wet Republic but nothing to write home about. The hotel was recently updated and has some good restaurants, a food court (which is nice to get your morning coffee / quick breakfast lunch) and also is the last stop on the Monorail. As for the suites, you can't beat them. Our Jr. Suite was 520 sq ft and was updated and well stocked with a microwave, mini fridge, and some utensils. For the money and the class, you get alot of value here. I'd certainly return to this hotel.
4	Stayed there for the weekend of 10/25 - 10/26 for the Yeezus concert.My girlfriend and I got there, and our first room's toilet didn't flush and we found a roach...We are very understanding people, and politely called the front desk to report the problem. A staff member named Nate answered the call and was extremely accommodating. The moment he heard our problem he moved us into a room that was slightly bigger and gave us a $50 credit for the resort. It's always about HOW the problem is solved, because I get that in life "shit happens" and if it weren't for Nate and his customer service this probably would've been the worst Vegas trip ever...hahaThanks Nate and MGM for making sure we were comfortable and quickly taken care of.
1	The great reviews for this hotel are beyond my comprehension. The 1 bedroom suite on the 32nd floor was seedy. Filthy carpet, dirty furniture. The place was built as a condo and MGM got stuck with much of it. You have to call for amenities etc. Needed a power strip. What a hassle to get it. They told me where to buy 1;they said they would rent me one. That's a first. Finally they sent one. Employees first response to anything you want is NO. The rate was great but next time I'll pay the Encore or Bellagio. Bye the bye I booked through a booking agency but did not have to deal with a mangement company.
4	It was a spontaneous trip with my friend up here to meet up with his friends for a concert called Sensation. We all met up and stayed here. I wasn't sure of the price but my friend's friend booked it so I am not sure. I stayed at MGM grand before but not at the Signature.  We didn't know where to park so we parked at the MGM grand. Confused as we are, it ended up being such a long walk to the Signature from the MGM. Didn't know that they had valet but then again we didn't want to pay for Valet tips. We got up to our room and it was a really nice room. Not as nice as the double queen suite at the MGM but nice enough that there are no horrible stains and bugs. Good view of the pool of course! Nice bathrooms and TVs throughout. It had a kitchen nook if you wanted to cook anything and had silverware and other essentials as well which is very nice! All in all in felt somewhat smaller and even though it is a really nice hotel/condo, it is quite a ways of walking to everything compared to the casino hotels.  Not really convenient as I would like it to be. Overall, not a bad place to stay and it is however close to the strip. You just have to walk quite a lot if you stay here to the entertainment on the strip!
3	I'm kind of in the middle on this one... although I don't want to give The Signature Suites a low rating because I would not say my stay was "bad" I feel the things that I was not happy with are important items therefore kind of outweighing the good...First off the value was great.  A 925 sq ft.1 bedroom suite is not something you can usually get in Vegas for under about $300/a night (I didn't pay anywhere near that) I LOVED the fact that there was a balcony and I could open the door and get the crisp Vegas fresh air!  The room was clean (I'm a germ-a-phobe) and well-appointed...I found their "resort fee" of $28.00 a day to be ridiculous! It's not even a "resort" it's a condo!  Although it's technically "connected" to a resort, it's separate and that was made very clear in numerous instances. Besides free-wifi, I have no clue what the resort fee is for?I found the front desk staff in 2 of the 3 towers (1 & 2)  to be EXTREMELY rude!  (Yes, I dealt with both towers because I had a room/tower change mid trip)   The nicest people I encountered on that property were the Valet and housekeeping staff, both were GREAT!  The front desk staff was a major failure in my eyes! It was not until I complained to a manager (in tears) that I FINALLY met someone kind and accommodating.  It should not have come to that!  I also tipped the girl at check-in (very generously I might add) and requested a strip view room on a high floor at the END of the hallway, or even just away from the elevators for some peace and QUIET... I did get a high floor (38th) but my room was facing the airport (on the backside of the hotel) and was the FIRST one outside of the elevators (my bedroom wall backed up to the elevator bay) So all I heard was the whining of the elevators zooming up and down, and clanking and banging etc... so after minimal sleep for 2 nights, I was switched towers, to an end room... but unfortunately had to give up my large balcony!  There was only a balcony off the living space, not the bedroom... but the quiet room was more important to me!
5	From start to finish this hotel made our Vegas stay just grand.Free valet?! Rooms setup like mini condos, including dishes, a blender, fridge, microwave, toaster, and everything you could ask for?! And a HUGE balcony patio?! I love it!And only a block or so away from the strip. So awesome.Got this room on a livingsocialdeals. Such a bargain for $217 for two days.We'd be back.
5	WOWWe showed up needing a good experience, since we wasted 3 nights at the NASTY Flamingo. Let me tell you MGM Signature Suite with Jacuzzi Tub, Balcony, view. This place was BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!We showed up and David checked us in. This guy was so GOOD! I can see why they had him working the front. He was a Nice, Informative guy, Very polite , Thanks !The Room was on Floor 28 and I dont think it could have been any nicer!!! Over 900 sqft.   Jacuzzi Tub and Balcony. The furniture alone was awesome. Desk had a pop up 42 inch TV, with HD and Oh so Clear for Football!  If I had to say one thing they need chairs on the balcony. Weird not seeing anything on the balcony but no big deal. The walk way to the casino wasnt bad at all, just a few minutes. Everything so clean and nice.Good Job David and MGM
5	I stayed here a few days ago and the hotel is so beautiful. Staff is courteous & they assist your every need. The bathrooms are so clean, luxurious, and pristine. The deli downstairs has friendly staff as well. It also has this long hallway that connects to the MGM and food court!!! I felt like I was in heaven! In addition the staff really took care of my needs.The rooms are spacious with amazing views of the strip and mountains. Best place I been to so far! I will be back soon!
5	I love this place not one complain. I would definitely recommend booking with Josh Gee through Jet Luxery Resorts. He gave me a really good price cheaper then going directly through MGM (702) 410-2903 :)
5	6 days of bliss...Pros*no casino on site, but MGM Grand is only a 10 minute walk or 3 minute run*each tower has its own valet so extremely fast*each tower has its own pool (pools are never crowded) *one-bedroom suite has its own full kitchen and multiple bathrooms (not helpful for us because my wife doesn't cook)*gated communityCons*pull-out bed is uncomfortable*food is not available after 8 pm unless you trek to MGM
4	It is a beautiful hotel. The only slight con was the walk to the strip, which we did not really mind unless it was dark outside. We used the bus transportation for most of our commute.
4	Pretty happy with our stay here. The price was great as was the location. It was nice to be off the strip but still within pretty easy walking distance to all the sights. Rooms were clean & nice. The kitchenettes are a nice touch and the bathroom is awesome.. Definitely would stay here again.
5	Rooms are nice and have everything you need such as a mini lounge area, mini kitchen, refrigerator, microwave, bar area, nice bathroom with tv, and outside balcony.  It's much more peaceful and less hectic without the casino floor downstairs.Also, it's a short walk to the strip.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	This place is awesome!! The rooms are big and super clean! I love the bathroom it's HUGE! The bed is comfortable! I think we found our favorite place to stay while in Vegas! The only downfall is parking is valet so you just gotta wait about 5 min for your car depending on how many people want to leave same time as you.I got a really good deal on Groupon but would stay here even if there wasn't a good deal going on!
5	Great hotel. We had a room on the 25th floor with a balcony. The room has a full kitchen, 2 full baths, a jacuzzi tub in on bath and a huge shower in both baths. Separate toilet area and nice living area separate from the bedroom. Huge floor to ceiling windows. Here is what I recommend, try and get in tower one and get the side that will give you a view. We were on the airport side so that was our view from the living area. We had the strip as a view from the bedroom. Tower One is closer to the casino and to the strip if you want a shorter walk. I will defiantly stay there again when I go back.
5	MY NEW FAVORITE HOTEL TO STAY IN VEGAS!!!We were lucky enough to have the UPH on the 38th floor, the view from the balcony was SO BREATHTAKING!!!! Everything was clean, staff was super friendly and accommodating, bathrooms were big so we didn't have to fight over showers/mirrors!!Only con is that it is not technically on the strip. But a couple dollars cab fare will get you there :)
5	I loved this hotel ! We spent five nights in October 2013 here for our anniversary and my birthday. They were able to accommodate our request to be on a high floor in the first tower. Our plane was early and our room wasn't ready for a 10am check in so we could not take advantage of checking in at the airport. When we got to the Signature the front desk gave us a balcony upgrade to have less of a wait for our room. We were able to explore MGM and NYNY while waiting for our room. We were on floor 36 with an awesome strip view. Since there wasn't any seating on the balcony, I don't think it would be worth it to pay extra for the feature. We did have some great pre-date pictures on it though. It was nice to have, but it wouldn't have taken away from our stay if we didn't have it. The room was amazing though! The bed was so comfortable and I loved the pillows. I am shocked my husband didn't take the robe and just wait for the bill! He loved it! The bathroom was pure luxury. The shower was large and we really enjoyed the jetted tub. There was tons of space for us to both get ready at the same time. Our toilet did get clogged once, however maintenance was very quick to get it taken care of for us. It really isn't a bad walk to the strip. Worth the savings for such a nice room. We had to go to tower two to catch an early morning shuttle for our grand canyon tour. The distance between tower one and two is insignificant. I don't know about tower three. This would be the BEST place to stay if you are in Vegas for an MGM concert! Our stay was just incredible. Getting away from the busy casinos and other strip hustle and bustle every now and then was just what we needed to have the perfect Vegas vacation.
4	I love love love The Signature!! These are condos that are booked out by visitors when they aren't being occupied by its owners. I stayed here for my company's national convention at the MGM plus a little extra playtime since I'm already out here. There are three towers with a walkway that connects to the main MGM. Expect to get some extra cardio in if you're staying in tower 2 or 3 if you intend on going in between the Signature and MGM a lot. That means request tower 1 if you're a lazy mofo.I stayed in the one-bedroom suite which had a fully functional kitchen with a real fridge. Not a mini-fridge, a normal-sized fridge for you to fill with enough booze to your heart's content!! It was awesome that after a long night of clubbing, I got to bake some dino nuggets. There are two bathrooms with a shower in each so you don't need to fight over who showers first (you can easily fit two people in the shower though). The couch in the living area is a pull out so I did let somebody crash one of the nights.Everyone from the frontdesk staff to housekeepers to the valet guys were exceptional. This is an awesome spot to stay if you don't mind being not directly on the strip. And walking all the way from tower 3 to Hakkasan in sky-high heels, my feet cry in agony just thinking about that.
4	This was my first trip to Vegas but my husband is a veteran to the experience. I know how particular and refined his tastes are and that I would not be disappointed in any aspect of the trip he planned. I was beyond impressed with the room we had at the The Signature.  Even checking in was delightful. The staff was so friendly and accommodating right off the bat.Our room was ready and pristine when we arrived. I loved having the kitchenette even though I never cooked in it. Just having the option is a really nice feature in Vegas. The views are just as great as everyone says they are. We were facing the Crystals at Aria in Tower 2.  I can understand why some people complain about the distance to Tower 2 or 3 but, if you are in relatively good shape the extra 4-5 minutes shouldn't be a big deal. I actually enjoyed the time between the towers and getting to the MGM. I feel like walking the extra distance allowed me some extra cocktail and dessert indulgences without the extra guilt.  The overall ambience of the room was contemporary with fine art touches. The recessed lighting, crown molding, and blown glass vases were nice additions. I definitely took advantage of the jetted tub in my room a couple of times also. Bathrooms were nice with a separate shower and w.c. I was a little confused as to why there was no bathroom fan. It got a little stuffy and steamy while showering.I must admit, I have a pretty nice bed at home so it's rare that anywhere I stay has one as comfortable. Ditto here but the linens were very soft and there were extra pillows all over the place. The suite was just enormous. It was a great place to relax between gambling and other Vegas activities. I did order room service a couple of times. I guess I should have expected it to take a long time on a Friday night. We ordered a breakfast in one morning as well which was much more prompt. Both times the server was very courteous and the food was pretty good.I can't wait to go to Vegas again. Even though my experience was very good, I know that we will stay somewhere else next time. There are so many places to stay! It will have to live up to the standards set for me by the Signature. I would recommend  this hotel.
3	We decided to stay here after attending Drake's concert, considering the self parking garage would be a potential nightmare after the show. I booked extremely far in advance so I scored an amazing deal on the room rate.We stayed in a one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen. From the description, it sounded like an incredible room. It was at approximately 900 square feet and I was in shock considering I only paid $145 a night on the room. We were assigned to Tower 1 but were immediately moved to Tower 3 because there weren't any rooms available there.The Signature is connected through an indoor walkway to the MGM. Especially convenient when it's pouring rain outside. The room itself was spacious but there really wasn't anything unique other than the full kitchen. The decor within the room was average. Anything you would expect for a typical room. The tv did come out of the desk so that was neat I suppose. However, the hot water in the shower didn't work. And when I ordered room service it took 2 hours to get to us! It was a 15 minute wait on the phone too. I called after an hour and a half and turns out they couldn't find our room. How can you not find our room?! You work here! They sent them back up and it took another half hour. It was 3AM at that time and the food was unappetizing. It wasn't the best hotel but it also wasn't the worst. Maybe I'm just spoiled by the Wynn properties. After seeing all the rooms from the most traditional there to the 3 bedroom duplex, I just simply have higher standards.
2	Just spent 2 night here for the long holiday weekend.  I understand from other reviews and from the hotel website itself that experiences may vary based in the third party management company.  We had heard a lot of great things from others and booked our hotel on an online booking site.  Unfortunately, our experience of the weekend's theme from MGM was "Not our problem." The good - the kitchenette was a nice feature.  It was fully stocked with various utensils that were easily accessible (unlike the Vdara where you need to get things unlocked if you want to use them).The bad - The front desk staff was less than helpful.  We kind of wondered what their role even was.  Our coffee maker and bathtub were both broken, and when we tried to get these addressed no one was willing to take responsibility.   We left to go out for several hours and housekeeping didn't come until apparently we were in our room changing for later (around 4) and only left us a note saying their hours were 10-4 and to call some external company for fresh towels or anything.  They didn't even bother to knock to see if we needed anything.  This is our first experience with MGM Grand and won't be staying again.  I don't mind the condo part, but feel that if MGM is going to put their name on it then they should be more invested in its success.
3	The property is aging and it's showing - seemed much better seven or so years ago. The TV was fuzzy (first time I have seen that in years), we had a queen bed in our "suite" (who still doesn't do Kings in the US), the carpet was dated/old, the valet service was frustrating when trying to get your back (they don't allow calling for it - have to give the ticket in person and wait 10-15 minutes or so, and a nightmare at checkout time). They couldn't even keep yogurt in supply at the breakfast shop. Pretty long walk from there to the strip.
5	I have stayed at The Signature a total of 3 times. And each time has been better than the first.Each time I have had a room in the first tower which is closest to the MGM Grand people mover, and each time, I have been in a room with a balcony that overlooks the strip.There is s Starbucks in the first tower as well, you are very close to the monorail and the casino at MGM, but you have the peaceful quality of not being in a casino hotel.Check in is a breeze because you do not have the long lines as you do in some of the casino hotels. They are very helpful and hold your bags if your room is not ready for check in yet, the rooms are clean and smoke-free and each tower has its own pool, and you are not far from Wet Repulic either.All in all if you not are not set on staying in a Casino hotel, I would definitely suggest staying at The Signature.
4	Real solid 4 stars. Our one bdrm. suite way nicer than the 2 bdrm. suite with pool table at MGM. I personally like the no casino lobby,and yes everything is a long walk, typical just like strip prices
5	As a business traveler who stays about 80-100 nights per year in hotel rooms and have been for the last 15 years, I would surmise that I have become a bit of a critic. To add, I am not a fan of Vegas, especially the strip, so when I do travel here for business, I never stay on the Strip, unless a particular conference I am attending is held there. That is until my most recent stay at MGM Signature.....Previously, my MGM experience was at the casino hotel and that place is the pits. The Signature is amazing. Ultra clean, large suite style modern rooms for a fraction of what I normally pay for rooms in other cities. Even better than the rooms is the spot on service providing by a perfectly eager staff (not too much, not too little). Even better, it is super quite and there is not a slot machine in site. If you prefer to partake in gambling, you can take a long walk over to the main hotel thru a closed walkway. There is no doubt that my future travels to Vegas for work will include me staying here. As a Marriott Platinum Member, i will forgo those points in the future because the red carpet they roll out at the MGM for everyone is superb. If i had to make one complaint, and i am sure this is out of the hands of the hotel is a the Starbucks located in the hotel is ridiculously expensive, the coffee in the room is just fine...FYI. One other thing....I am not a Cowboy nor do i participate in rodeo activities in any way, but the national rodeo finals are here so there are lots of cowboys and cowgirls here. The Signature has been playing country music over the hotel lobby sound system. It is not aggressive, but just right. I have no opinion either way of country music but what a great touch to make the majority of their guests feel comfortable.
1	This place is beautiful but our room is not so pretty smelling. The room smells so bad that you don't want to breathe.   We called the front desk and they will not change out our room. Poor customer service! !!I will not recommend this hotel ever.
4	I love this Hotel! I always look for other hotels to stay in because I consider myself adventurous but bang for buck this hotel win's my reservation every time. The Beds are heavenly, from the thread count to the pillow support.I believe that all rooms have a balcony and if you request strip view and a higher floor, you'll be very happy. The Bathrooms are what this picky well traveled lady always look for. Large jacuzzi tubs that fit two very comfortably.Black marble duel sinks and excellent amenities. One can have a bubble bath while watching movies. Yes it's a small tv but still.. The service at the signature is excellent. From check in to check out I have nothing but compliments. All rooms come equipped with nice kitchenettes. For sanitary reasons they have a new policy that requires one to request kitchen utensils as needed. When staying at this hotel you get 4 pools. One for each tower and then access to the MGM pool complex. It's a bit of a journey to the MGM and depending on how your legs are feeling it can be a bit much. We just take a cab if we aren't in the mood. They have changed the room service menu over the years. It's not as good as it once was, this and the walk are the only drawbacks. I do hope they extend the menu and refresh it.I also love the way the whole hotel smells, my favorite scent out of all the hotels. I can't wait to return. Make sure you make use of the hotels free concierge service. I hope this review was helpful. Enjoy your stay :)
5	Great amenities- room quality- Not that long of a walk from Tower 1 to casino.  Great kitchen, bathroom - comparable to Wynn hotel.
4	We chose to stay at The Signature for my boyfriend's birthday. We booked the One Bedroom Suite which is 950 sq ft and costed us $254 for a night. Although this hotel is not on the strip, it's literally behind MGM Grand & Elara so it's a close walk to the strip. This place gives off such a relaxing laidback vibe. When you first drive in, it doesn't even look like Vegas anymore. It looks more like Palm Springs with all these palm trees alongside the driveway. The lobby is gorgeous :) super classy & elegant looking. They also sent us a free bottle of champagne for the bf's bday. Since this place is relatively new, the rooms all look super clean. The hallways could be painted a different color (they were coral & I know in a few years it will start looking ghetto) if I am to nitpick. The furniture & rooms are nothing too fancy,  but it just looked nice since everything is still new. I love that this suite has a full kitchen, a large balcony, and also 2 bathrooms. Great for big groups so that people don't need to fight over the bathroom!! One annoying thing though is that they only allow 1 car per room, so if you do come in a large group, everyone else will have to park at MGM Grand and walk over.I took off a star because they accidentally charged us an extra $100 more. We thought it would be taken off eventually as the deposit or something, but it turns out that it was a mistake. This part was unprofessional & inconvenient.
4	My boyfriend and I got a hotel here as our friends were staying in the same hotel... booking through a 3rd party site, we got the hotel for a reasonable price (under $100 excluding resort fees and tax). We checked in right at 3pm (as I read on many reviews they are pretty strict about check in time) which was quick and easy. We got the 1 bedroom suite with a balcony, which was very nice, clean, and pretty. The suite included a large bed, a sofa which also served as a sofa bed, a small office/dining table, a kitchenette complete with a mini fridge, dishware and silverware, a large flat screen, a large jacuzzi, a large shower, and a small TV in the bathroom. Even though the suite seems like it had a lot of amenities, the size of the suite seemed like larger king size bedroom. But for the two of us and for the price, it was great. Also, we had a view facing the strip, which was very beautiful at night. The towers are connected to MGM Grand, which proved to be quite a walk for my boyfriend and I, well especially for me after clubbing in heels lol.Considering the stuff we did in Vegas, I would prefer a place smack dab in the middle of the strip. However, it was a pretty good deal for a hotel suite... great hotel for a great price overall.
4	I stayed here for 3 nights during the rodeo. I was maybe part of the 5% of guests who weren't there for the rodeo.The husband and I stayed in a 1 bedroom balcony suite in Tower 3. I think we ended up with a handicap-accessible room, because there was no jacuzzi. The main bathroom had a large shower with two heads, and the smaller bathroom had some folded-up seat. I thought about complaining and changing rooms, but I saved the complaining for housekeeping. Why? We had some dish soap and paper towels in the kitchen, but nothing else. No dishes, glasses, forks, nothing. We called housekeeping, and left for dinner. When we came back, our kitchen was fully stocked.Those two things aside, we really enjoyed our stay. Check-in was quick, and the valet was also pretty fast. The room was huge, and I loved having a full-size fridge. I also really liked that the fitness center had weight machines, and was open 24 hours. The walk from Tower 3 to MGM Grand took about 10 minutes. It also took about 10 minutes to walk from Tower 3 to Planet Hollywood, via Harmon Ave. It's quiet and smoke-free. While I normally like staying closer to the center of the Strip, this Signature's location worked out fine. I'd definitely stay here again... but I'll be sure to get a room with a jacuzzi next time.
5	I would say this room was the best value for the  price point. We paid a little over 100 per night. The room we stayed in was in the lower penthouse. It came with an in room jacuzzi for 2 people. The room offered free coffee and tea which is a step up for most hotels in Vegas. The room also had a kitchenette which appeared to be unused. Bedding was nice but the bed lacked a comforter. The view was also pretty amazing. The feel of the room was pretty modern. So the thing with these rooms is the location for the most part. It is about a 5 to 10 minute walk to the mgm Grand or strip if walking down Harmon. It offers a nicer feel of not being directly inside of a casino. Lots of guests had kids as it tailors alot to families. As a side note if you are going North on the strip do not walk through MGM Grand. Walk out the lobby onto Harmon and turn left. ..much quicker this way.
4	The only reason i did not give this place 5 stars is the location. Although the hotel is connected to MGM grand on the strip you have to walk about a half mile through walkways to get to the casino. It is a pain because once you reach the strip from walking your burnt out. Hotel itself is great and rooms are huge compared to typical hotels. Price cannot be beat during New Years week.
5	This is my go to spot in Las Vegas.  The rooms are impeccable, and it's nothing but high life living when you get to see some of these suites.  Do yourself a favor and get yourself a Mlife Card, because it will get you to come back here more often than not.  Really since The Signature is connected to the MGM Grand, there is no reason for you to have to leave the entire MGM property, but if you do decide to try out the other places, The Signature is a great home base for all your Sin City adventures.Book this place and use the option for the 2 Bedroom option!  You will not be disappointed!
1	They got one star bc of the nice rooms/lowest I can give or else they would get a negative star for terrible customer service. Last time I came they broke my key in the ignition! Their manager wasn't there on Sunday so I had to deal with them over the phone when I got home. It took days to work things out. This time, they left my bf's lights on and his battery died! Do yourself a favor and self park! It's a ten minute walk and well worth the two hours and $$ spent to get a new battery. I wanted to like this hotel so bad but I just can't come back here- literally! I can't keep spending time and money on car troubles. They also wouldn't waive our resort fee. I've never had trouble with that before, especially when I didn't even use resort amenities. What's worse, the guy getting helped right next to me got his waived. WTF! We got it half waived and decided we were never coming back.
3	***The Signature at MGM Grand is a good option if you are looking for an un-Vegas like hotel on The Strip***The Strip is filled with mostly resort and casino combinations that are themed and/or upscale.  Recently though, new properties have been emerging to offer an un-Vegas like experience.  No casino hotels.  No smoking hotels.  I have not stayed at many of these hotels (The Mandarin, Vdara), but my most recent Vegas stay was at The Signature at MGM Grand (which is business friendly and not like the mega casinos on The Strip).  The Signature is filled with spacious condos that are complete with kitchenettes, whirlpool bathtubs and (in some rooms) balconies.The Signature is located in the back of the MGM Grand.  It is attached to the MGM Grand via many airport-like automated walkways.  The hotel has very limited services.  There is a small lounge as well as an order-at-the-counter cafe.  For more dining options or expensive convenience store items, you are going to need to make the long trip to the MGM Grand.  This hotel does have its own pool as well as a 24-hour fitness center though it was difficult getting an open machine in the morning.The rooms at The Signature are nice.  The decor is up-to-date enough and the rooms are comfortable and very spacious.  Rooms come with kitchenettes, a big living area and a table (this creates a great pre-going out spot).  Rooms are also equipped with safes.  Room temperature was nice.There were a few minor negatives in the room.  It was difficult turning the TV off (it kept turning itself back on).  There were some missing items like no hotel directory to provide information on location of business center, fitness center and such.  No laundry bag either.Bathrooms are very big here.  Each room comes with a huge whirlpool tub as well as a big glass shower.  Unfortunately, the shower head had a very concentrated blast and not the widespread rain-like shower head many hotels are now featuring.  Getting the perfect water temperature in the shower was not easy either.Service was fine.Room rates at The Signature are typically higher than the MGM Grand, but they are not too expensive when compared to other similar properties along The Strip and it is less expensive than several of the upscale resorts on The Strip.I think how much you like The Signature is going to depend on what you are looking for in a Las Vegas hotel.  If you are looking for a good value room that is big and great for gatherings (as well as not next to a smoky casino), The Signature is a really good option.  If you want a more themed hotel as well as something that is convenient and a quick walk to the many other Las Vegas casinos, The Signature is probably not where you want to stay.I personally like having some of the niceties of The Signature like the big rooms and the non-smoking property, but given how far it is from The Strip, I would much rather stay at the Renaissance for a more business-like and less Vegas-like hotel experience, where I am getting the lower room rate as well as earning Marriott Rewards points.Complimentary valet parking is offered.  If you want complimentary self parking, you will need to park at the MGM Grand's parking structure, which is a very long walk to The Signature.
5	Want to avoid the casino? Want to avoid the hustle and bustle? Come here to the Signature at the MGM Grand. Unfortunately, my folks would prefer to stay on the strip. The difference staying here is that you have the amenities at ur disposal that you would have to request at a casino resort. It's like living at home, except you are in Las Vegas. Not to mention, when you pay for the resort fee, you have valet and free access to the gym. Now how does it not get better than this??? really?? Of course tip the valet is required. But, you don't have to worry about "finding parking" .. less stress to worry about.. the gym is right downstairs.. and usually no one's using it, because people are out in vegas for gambling. When I think about vegas, sure.. i want to gamble. But, I also want to relax. I want to go downstairs, and theres no crowd. That's what the Signature at the MGM Grand is. Complete quietness! Great for a honeymoon! :)
5	We came to Vegas for a special occasion and booked a 900+ square feet suite with all the bells and whistles.The Signature is not exactly on the Strip, it's out back. We were confused when we first arrived but once we got on Harmon we were able to find the hotel. We approached a gate and you just let the guard know that you're checking in. They should have your information and the guard will let you know which tower you will be staying and buzz you in. We stayed in Tower 2. There is no self parking just valet. So make sure you grab all your stuff when you check in. When we checked in, we were greeted immediately and was given our room information. Additionally, we got some freebies upon check-in. Very smooth and fast process. We stayed on the 18th floor with a great view of Vegas. Unfortunately, we didn't get out to the balcony since it was cold. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was huge! Full kitchen, 2 full bathrooms, spa tub, separate shower, King bed, separate living room, lots of cabinet space, bathrobes, dual closets, bar area and a cool TV in the bedroom that rises up from the table. Sadly, I stayed in the room the entire time since I was sick! ROOM SERVICE TO THE RESCUE!!!Bummed that the food took 45+ mins to get to the room and the bowl of soup I ordered was $10 and full of carrots! Do yourself a favor and walk over to MGM for food or bring food to cook in your kitchen. Love how very quiet the hotel is. Very relaxing and soothing. Nice getaway.
1	This place gets a one star because of the price I got the room and how big it was other than that this place is NOT THE PLACE TO GO! Unless you like to be treated like you're an unwelcome guest then stay here. If you need anything but another room key the staff gives you a hard time about it. I stayed here with my boyfriend for one of our friend's birthday. The lady that checked us in was amazing super sweet and she was the last person to treat us well. After that we needed extra towel and was told that house keeping was over and couldn't receive any. Then my boyfriend and I wanted to do a late check out and our only option was to pay $61 to check out at 6p.m. luckily we wanted to watch the Charger game but really $61 for a late check out!? Then the lady was giving my boyfriend a hard time and said that there wasn't a credit card on file. And then the worse part was when we were watching the game the TV started to mess up so my boyfriend calls and ask if they can fix it and the lady says "weren't you suppose to check out already?" Are you serious!? What kind of customer service is that!? If the lady would have dropped her attitude and rude comments to boyfriend and saw that we PAID for a late check out then maybe I would have given this place 3 stars. I have never felt so unwelcomed at a hotel before. The rooms are amazing but the customer service SUCKS!!!!!
5	I had chosen to stay here for our anniversary & it was wonderful! Bit far from strip, but I'm not much for a casino & smokers in hotels I stay at. Service was great, room is very spacious & cozy! I will definitely stay here again. (note: it IS a bit of a walk from strip, valet parking only & no major restaurants in towers, in which I personally did not mind)
1	First time I stayed here, I definitely liked the place. Second time comes around and I would say, I wouldn't come back at all. Nice hotel, SHIT valet service. 30 minutes (twice in a row) waiting. I wouldn't recommend for impatient people.
5	This is the BEST place to stay in Vegas. I could live here! The staff - from valet to front desk to management - is wonderful. The rooms are luxurious and the views are spectacular. The location is just off the strip so you can still walk everywhere. I stay here every time I am in Las Vegas, which is several times a year. NOTE: be sure to book directly with the MGM, not with LVS aka Blue Chip Vegas. Twice that outfit failed to enter my reservation into the system, causing major delays in check-in. Both times, the MGM accommodated me - the second time even giving me free room service for my hassle - which was in no way the fault of MGM. LVS refused any compensation.
4	The gf booked the Signature at MGM Grand for our one day/one night staycation.  It was my birthday weekend and yes, she spoils me.  So, when it comes down to price, I don't know if this was a great deal or not.  However, by reading other reviews, a stay here isn't bad at all.  I don't do hit up the strip as much as I use to.  But when I do, I love to play tourist.  Staying here was convenient since we also had plans to walk the strip, hit up a few tourist spots, gamble a little, and of course, eat. You get the best of both worlds with the Signature.  You're close to the strip, but you won't feel like it once your in your room.  So here are my highlights:-Great staff-Parking/Valet.  Valet will usually have free bottles of water in case you need some hydration. -Security-Smoke Free-Spacious Rooms with a kitchen-Huge bathroom equipped with a nice sized tub and shower-Free fitness room.  They have free-weights too, but only up to 50 lbs. -Walkways straight into the MGM.  -Three Towers-Happy Hour-Starbucks-My favorite...the rowdy "Vegas Baby!" crowds are non-existentI had a good time and a great weekend.  It also helps that my stay at the Signature was comfortable.  Yes, I recommend the Signature at MGM.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (022/366)
5	There isn't anything I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. Yes, it is amazing! Yes, it is beautiful! Yes, the staff are excellent!  This was our first time staying here and it definitely won't be our last. Thank you to everyone who works here for making our stay wonderful!!
5	Definitely not your "typical" Vegas hotel... More like the grand vacation clubs I'd say, if I had to make a comparison.Large rooms fit for a King (or queen), suites concept with a full furnished little kitchen.Gorgeous bathroom, great view, free valet park, close to the monorail, and let's see the list goes on. Oh, there is no casino on the property. This place is similar to the Hilton grand Vacations complex with the difference that Signature is more central to the happenings of Las Vegas.
2	This condo/hotel is okay. Pros: each room has it's own balcony. Con: it's a far ass walk to MGM
5	Five stars all the way.. Easy to check in no long line at all.. Valet included with my stay if course.. Gates place rooms are huge with a full kitchen and a spa tub.. The staff are extremely nice here and my first at the MGM Signature .. I always stay at the MGM grand which is there parent and this surpass them.. And it connects to the MGM grand so walking to the casino is easy.. Love it
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Signature.  My husband and I have been coming to Vegas for 30 years.  We have stayed at all the really nice hotels on the Strip - The Signature tops them all!  We always try to reserve a Balcony Deluxe Suite (comparable in price to other high end rooms on the strip) in Tower One, on the strip side, on a high floor.  We love the balcony - There's nothing like turning the air conditioning off at midnight and opening the doors to your balcony and letting the desert breeze into the room.  Oh . . . and did I mention the jacuzzi tubs - so relaxing!  This is a "NON-SMOKING" hotel!    Yea!!!  Although there is no casino and I'm a moderate gambler, it's really no big deal as it is such a short distance on the moving walk way to the MGM casino.  In addition,  Signature guests can enjoy the MGM pools!  Have you ever seen the MGM pools and lazy River?  They are amazing!  If I can't stay here, I'm not going!!!!
5	Excellent stay for a week in Vegas. It's attached to MGM and a short walking distance from the Strip itself- but far enough away to avoid the smoke and obnoxious crowds. The deli in tower 2 is DELIGHTFUL!! Well worth the price! The Vegas Blvd breakfast sandwich- very good! The hotel is definitely worth the price. Customer service is EXCELLENT. The wait or valet, cab, or your bags was a bit longer then usual this time if year, but still acceptable. The rooms are luxurious to the regular folks: jacuzzi tube, fridge and kitchenette (which is not a standard in Vegas anymore, often you have to pay extra to get a fridge or microwave in your room), big bathroom, decent TV. Beautiful view of the strip. We were at the end of the hall, and it was dead quiet the entire time. Bed was decent, house keeping  excellent. We will stay here every time we visit Vegas from now on.
2	It's breaking my heart to give this hotel a two-star review.  This was probably my fifth staying at the Signature and it used to be my go-to place in Vegas.  I was so let down this time and let me tell you why:Online booking:I never had any problem previously booking directly via the SignatureMGM website.  There were glitches three times in two weeks and my final booking wouldn't go through.  I called customer services and let them know the problem.  "We are sorry you are experiencing technical issues.  We will notify our IT dept. but there's nothing we can do at the moment."  Okay, fine.  Since I loved the Signature so much, I booked through Priceline.com and prepaid everything.Check-in:  I arrived 9pm at night after five hours of traffic.  There was only one person at the front desk and she spent the longest time helping the guest before me.  There were other clerks walking around but no one would help me till 15 minutes later.  Not happy.Bell service:I waited 45 minutes in my room for my luggage to be brought up.  I finally called and asked what happened.  The front desk person said, "sorry, the bell man came to your suite but the do-not-disturb light was on.  So he went back down."  I ran to my door, the light was not on at all!  Minutes later the luggage came.  The true story, "sorry, the guy that was here earlier went to the wrong suite."  Why do people lie?Room amenities:There was no utensil in the drawers of kitchen or any toiletry items in the drawers of bathroom.  So I called again because I needed a martini shaker.  "No problem, we will bring one to you right away."  Minutes later, service guy showed up with a wine bottle opener.  After explanation, he went back and brought a real martini shaker.  Sigh...After staying here for so many times, these were NOT the normal quality of services experienced in the past.  Something is not right with the management.  I would hate to leave my favorite place from this point on.
5	Hands-down the best hotel experience I've had in Vegas.From the moment we stepped in to the hotel's Tower 3 building, we knew that this wasn't a typical 'Vegas' hotel. For starters, the lobby smelled like a Spa with fresh orchids on the front desk.No casino. No obnoxious guests milling around with cigarettes and drinks. Just a very peaceful atmosphere. Every single member of staff was friendly and accommodating, but also discreet. The valet guys and women on the front desk were charming. Samples of peach champagne en route to our room.No cleaning woman banging on your door at 9am.Just perfect.The gym was moderately sized, clean and uncrowded, with modern well-maintained equipment. Loved the food at the cafe in Tower 3 - really fresh and made with care. Can highly recommend the roast beef sandwich!We absolutely loved our suite on floor 31. Fantastic views of the Strip. Great jacuzzi bath tub big enough for two, as well as a huge shower and separate toilet room. One of comfiest hotel beds I've stayed in a long time!I can pretty much guarantee I'll be staying here again next time I head to Las Vegas...
5	This place is a little respite away from all the smoky casinos. It's quite, peaceful, spacious, clean and smoke free. The rooms are super spacious, including the bathroom. The gym is nice and not crowded. They have a starbucks and a nice little breakfast spot called DELIGHTS. If you want all the excitement of Vegas, this might not be the spot for you, but if you want a break from all the noise and smoke, this place is great. I did not go to the pool though...it was probably just all right, though. But again, not a lot of obnoxious crowds either. We had a  heck of a time booking with the concierge a group rate and I came into the situation having zero faith. So was more than pleasantly surprised to find just a great spot. (the guy in charge of group rates does not instill confidence...but I just was super persistant and detail oriented)
4	My stay at the Signature was pleasant. I enjoyed one of their junior suites for a few nights. The suite was spacious and had enough room to entertain friends before hitting the strip for the evening. It was clean, well kept, and had a comfortable bed. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub and a shower, both big enough for two. My only complaint about the bathroom were the products, just didn't get that clean feeling after using their soaps. The hotel is removed from the strip. No casino within the hotel, but there is a Starbucks. It takes about 10 minutes to walk from the Signature towers to the food court and casino floor of the MGM. A cab ride from the Signature to most hotels on the strip is $10-$15. One thing to keep in mind during off hours there aren't a lot of taxis lines up waiting, it might take a few minutes for the valets to find one for you. The front desk staff, house keeping, and in room dining staff were attentive and friendly. If you don't need to be directly on the strip but still want to be close to the action, the Signature is a good spot. Also it's an MGM property so you can earn M life points during your stay.
4	The getaway place in Vegas.Nice, clean and modern.  Spacious all suites with in room fridge, stove, microwave, etc.  And whirlpool tub in the room.  Friendly staff to boot.Although the hotel only had one small restaurant, the lounge area is good for a late night drink.  Also, it's only a short (few minutes) walkway to all the buzz in MGM Grand.One thing that I was a little annoyed about, is that they block off Taxi drop off to tower 1 (where we stayed) before midnight, so you have to walk a bit (either through tower 2 corridor or through not so well lit outdoor area).  It's not much of an inconvenience, but it is Vegas and a lux hotel...  Just a little odd why they would do that.If you want 24x7 access to everything happening, then this may not be your cup of tea (me).  When you are finished with the highs of Vegas and want some place that you can relax, the Signature is perfect for you(wife).
2	I really don't want to put a two stars! I honestly like to room but I thought I would experienced better. We head to tower one because they stated that was where our room was, we spoke with the reception guy there and told that the room we book didn't have a balcony and we book for three days. That was wrong because my boyfriend cancel that reservation and book the balcony suite for TWO days. He then MADE my boyfriend look for the confirmation number, he never bother to check. So when my boyfriend finally pull it up he still couldn't' find it. My cousin who was from Vegas had to wait an extra HOUR and something for us at the restaurant because of this issue. After some phone calls the issue was " kind of resolved "  and we had to walk to tower two for our room. We were in a rush, and had to wait for our bags to come up. It took FOREVER that we had to call in TWICE and finally behold the bags are here. We rush out, and waited for valet which took about another 15 minutes.  If you guys booked from a third party PREPARE to wait longer than usual!   The room as very nice! I like it except for the door for the bathroom that NEVER NEVER close. I didn't mind since it was me and my boyfriend but if I had friends over it would bother us. The rob I used smell SOUR......
5	love staying here. very clean and very comfortable. just a thing to remember when coming here. no smoking allowed and there are no tables or slots for gambling.
3	Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful and clean hotel with lots of space and amenities. But what's the point of having a full kitchen and champagne bottles in the room if we aren't also given any glasses, plates, silverware, or at the very least, champagne flutes? The room came stocked with about 8 bottles of champagne that we could purchase for $30 each, but we had to order champagne flutes from room service (for $1 each). Not ideal to have to wait for flutes to be delivered...maybe this is just the way hotels in vegas are though? We were only there for two nights, so didn't like finding out that we had  to order flutes and wait for them, AFTER we had already opened up a bottle. Pretty annoying.Another thing we didn't like was that we weren't given the opportunity to request a particular tower. So, we ended up in tower 3, which is the tower that's farthest away from the strip. Also, tower 3's pool is only open on the weekends, so when we wanted to take a dip we had to walk to another tower. Would have preferred to stay in Tower 1 or 2.We booked a balcony room which was cool, but it overlooked the airport so was not a great view during the day. The view at night was better though. Also enjoyed the smoke-free lobby of the tower.All in all, not bad. But next time I think we'll either stay at another hotel closer to the strip, or we'll stay at MGM Grand instead one of the signature towers.
5	Had a great stay. The room was big and comfortable and the pools were perfect for relaxing ( not over crowded at all) if we were going to bring our kid with us this is where we stay. It's not full of smoke and it's close to a bunch of shops and activities.  For us this trip was about relaxing and the signature was the perfect place for that. The staff was helpful and friendly and got us anything we needed. We ate room service several times. The food was quick and delicious especially the herb roasted chicken meal. The chicken soup was much bigger then expected and like I said room service was about the same price as of we had gone out to eat somewhere just much more convenient.
5	I love this place and never want to leave it while I'm here. From the bed to the jacuzzi tub this is my zen. I love having the flat screen facing the tub so I can watch what ever while I soak in suds after a usually lovely night. The bed is better then home comfort.  Who ever said there's no place like home obviously haven't stayed here.The people at the front desk are super lovely people and friendly. I highly recommend staying here at least once.
5	Absolutely loved it! We stayed in tower 3. We originally got a regular suite and were upgraded to a one bedroom because they were full! Soooo nice! There was a comfy king sized bed along with a couch that converts into a queen sized. Extra blankets inside one of many closets!Two bathrooms which was very convenient for all of us! One of them was a basic bathroom, Both had a shower and the master one had a jacuzzi tub. The master bathroom also had two huge mirrors and counter space for stuff. In the suite we also had a kitchen with different appliances such as blender, coffee machine, microwave, two door fridge, and a counter. Drinks inside but no cups:/ Our balcony had an amazing view. The hotel also has a fitness room with all types of equipment. Overall Very spacious and accommodating. Will definitely be back! Oh look out for groupon deals for this place!!!
5	Stayed here last year in November! We stayed a week and everything was great!! The bed was super comfortable and clean. The room had two bathrooms and a kitchen. We had view of the strip which was really nice at night. Our tower also had Starbucks downstairs which was great. I did not mind the walk to the strip since i enjoy walking everywhere. I would stay here again!
5	We stayed in Tower 3 and requested the highest floor available, in our case it was the 37th floor. Our room was a One-Bedroom Suite with balcony plus strip view. The entire hotel -- from the gated entrance to the room itself -- seemed spotless and had a 'clean' smell. The room had a full kitchen w/full-size refrigerator), a wetbar with two barstool-type chairs, a dining table w/4 chairs, one large sofa w/pull-out queen bed, the balcony, the separate bedroom and master bathroom w/jacuzzi, and, of course, a SECOND FULL bathroom. The higher floor rooms with balcony offer some pretty amazing views. It was nice to get some fresh air anytime we liked instead of having to go downstairs and step outside without a view. Although not very big (maybe as big as a queen-size bed), the night-time views coupled with the extra wind from being higher up was alone worth the higher cost of the room.I only had 2 minor complaints: the walk from Tower 3 to the strip and the slightly cramped and older looking furnishing/layout. Now, I know the walk from Tower 3 to the strip isn't THAT bad, but it was my first time staying at a hotel that didn't have a casino or club that was just an elevator's ride away. I knew this coming in so I didn't deduct any stars from the rating. As far as furnishing and layout I will say it didn't feel like 950sq ft. The way the living room was setup it didn't give off an open feeling, but rather a narrow and cramped feeling instead. I think the wooden entertainment center was on the big side (taking away some space from the living area) and the cheap looking dining table was slightly small, yet kept 4 average-sized chairs. I can best compare their size to those outdoor tables and chairs you see at your local Starbucks. To me it looked as if it was an afterthought, like they realized they can squeeze a table with chairs in that empty space. Furthermore, across the sofa we see a small, glass table which I really felt like taking out of the room because it was a) older looking and b) almost near the middle path which one walked to get to the balcony. I am aware I am DEFINITELY nitpicking, but they were feelings I had during my stay and I feel it's important to share them because some of you may like a more open-type living are with more modern furnishing. These are not issues that would keep me from coming back again so there's no need to remove stars! The positives absolutely outweighed the cons.The 2 FULL bathrooms saved us a ton of time when it came to get ready. We had one guy in our party who literally takes an hour to shower, shave, etc.., so having that second bathroom allowed us to get ready without having to wait for that guy. Another lifesaver was the full kitchen. We brought lots of snacks and things we can heat up if we wanted a snack and this kitchen was loaded with appliances and pots and pans. The fridge had plenty of space for about 30+ beers and several bottles of alcohol (plenty for a 4 night stay).Finally, I would like to say that you get quite a bit for your money's worth at the Signature if you are okay with a little walk and if you don't have to absolutely have the most modern furnishing. I will be staying here again in the summer of 14' and I cannot wait to return!
1	Beware: we ordered breakfast to the room one morning, and it came to around $50, and SURPRISE we were actually charged $99 and change. What?  Really? At first it was a 'pending charge' on our card, so we thought it was going to go down to the actual price, but it never did. That's enough to convince us that we will never stay here again. Vegas has so many other great options.
4	The hotel is four stars  and the private owned ( Jet) portion three stars. You don't know before arriving which portion you'll be in. The staff is as accommodating  as possible given the different ownership involved. The walk from owner three to MGM proper is about ten mins and becomes a bit when you repeat it several times a day.  Otherwise a nice smoke free place
5	OMG! We went on a family vacation for my birthday, party of 4. The best experience I've had in Las Vegas since I was a child. The room is equipped with a full kitchen, whirlpool bathtub, a bathroom inside the master bathroom was amazing. The TV that popped up from the bedroom dresser....jaw droping. Watching TV from the whirlpool was  breathtaking with a fireplace on the screen. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. It's worth every penny. Customer service was great along with room service. I was totally sold when my son left his phone in the room and realized it 4 hours later from the time we left. We emailed and spoke to Lost and found, the phone was back in his possession within a few days. Love this place and will definitely return!!
1	MGM Signature: Where COMPLIMENTARY means you will be CHARGEDOverview:- Room was put on hold for me for my Birthday           - Was informed it was a Full House         - Was informed there was never a room set aside          - Was then informed I should have come earlier            (which I did 2x but could not get to a front desk attendant)Mr. Gonzales, mgr, informed me that they had a "full house" with "no available rooms". He left it at that and I gather he hoped I would go away. I informed him that this was completely unacceptable and unprofessional. If I was not to have a room, do not promise one to me. Mr. Gonzales offered to send Strawberries, Champagne,  Wine and a $50 Dining Credit to my room.  I requested late check-out and Mr. Gonzales agreed to 2pm to compensate for our delayed check in. ________________________________________- Complimentary Strawberries & Champagne in new room          - Room was given away________________________________________- Was told there were no rooms available             - Waited for me to leave the front desk________________________________________- Indicated to the mgr that this was not a professional way to handle  this matter         - Offered a new room________________________________________- Complimentary Strawberries, Champagne and Wine           - I was Billed upon Check-Out________________________________________- Complimentary $50 Dining Credit             - I was Billed upon Check-out________________________________________- Complimentary Late Check Out             - Front Desk attempted to Bill MeThe front desk called to "inquire" what time I was checking out. I said 2pm and she thanked me and informed me that I will be billed a $30 late check-out fee. I explained that Mr. Gonzalez said it was alright and she responded there were no notes on the account________________________________________- Old Food Served for Room Service           - Room Service refused to remove off billThe Room Service manager (Andrea?) called and wanted to know what was wrong. I explained that we did not eat the food and it was not fresh. She said she would send someone to "retrieve" it so they could "inspect [it] and show the Chef". I asked if it was removed off the bill and she said no, not until they retrieve and inspect. This made me feel dissatisfaction for the service and also like a low class citizen, as if I could not be trusted.________________________________________- Provided me a Bill (for Complimentary items above)  upon check-outIn the Lobby, I saw Francisco whispering to a gentleman. Upon approaching the front desk, this gentleman introduced himself as Warren Sprague, manager. He apologized for my inconveniences and helped me check-out, handing me a bill for $223.84. I asked him what the bill was for and he explained it was for my room charges. I told him I had no room charges and asked for an itemized bill, he said he could not provide one. He then asked me to step aside (as he did not wish the other customers to hear) and said he would look into this for me.Mr. Sprague returns and informs me they are charges for "liquor". I asked him if it was the complimentary Champagne and Wine. He said there are no notes on my account regarding anything of that nature. Upon his return he said today was my birthday and he did not want me to leave the MGM Signature upset so this is what he will do for me: He will clear all my charges and I will leave with a Zero Balance. Thank you for offering me Chocolate Covered Strawberries, Champagne, Wine, $50 credit, Late Check Out and charging me for it! The MGM Signature billed me for everything after very clearly explaining to me that this will be "charged to the room and removed upon check-out". The reason?: "there are no notes in your account".  So much for a routine check-out.Disappointed would be an understatement. Put yourself in my shoes for a moment. Something like this should never happen to a customer, much less time and time again with the same customer. How many times should one apologize for Poor Communication in the short span of 13 hours? How could this much go wrong? How did something go from so wonderfully surprising to so terribly wrong in 13 hours? I do not believe I have ever heard the words "there are no notes in your account" so many times in my life, and yet, someone was able to find these mystery notes at a later time. In the past 12 months, the MGM has had 6 "Billing/Collection" complaints reported against them. I now understand why.Co-workers have suggested that I report this to my corporation as we should not be staying at a hotel which treats customers in this fashion, we shall see. We book there yearly and even rented out Hakkasan for WPPI. Definitely a lot invested there. I have sent a 6-page formal complaint to Ms. Jill Archunde Santell, General Manager via certified mail (received last week). I am now waiting their response.
2	The Signature at the MGM has gotten too popular and has started to go down hill.My husband and I stayed at the MGM in March about 3 years ago.  It was newer and fresher then.  We had a corner suite, it was nice & quiet, furniture was in great shape along with everything else in the suite.  We had no complaints.  We had such a good experience we decided to go back for our 1 year anniversary (about a year after we went their the 1st time).Upon our arrival the 2nd time, everything started out great.  Our room was ready early, the young lady at the front desk was very nice and the bellhops were ready to accommodate.  They gave us our keycards to get into our room and up we went.  When we arrived at the room it looked as if someone had thrown a HUGE party in it and all of VEGAS was there the night before.  Now I know Vegas is all about parties, however, this is now my room and all your partying should have been straightened/cleaned up by the cleaning crew.  There were stains on the wall (yes the wall had a very large stain on it), the couch, and the floors.  The lamps were broken, they were literally leaning sideways, the lamp shade on the ceiling light was turned sideways??? Really housekeeping, you didn't catch that.  Their were pubic hairs in the Jacuzzi tub......EWWWWWWWW.  Not for real!!!!I will say I called the front desk and they did transfer us to another room, but this is a building of SUITES only.  You are supposed to have excellent accommodations and expecting your guests to stay in a room like that is just disgusting . My 5 year old could have cleaned the room better.The hotel also was much nosier that what it used to be.  There were kids on the balconies yelling and just acting a fool and looking a hot mess. Oh, I almost forgot, their signature smell is so tacky.  As soon as you enter the towers you will know what I mean.  It smells like a group of gumdrops got together to projectile vomit all over the place.  Please choose a different fragrance to impose on your guests.  This one is too strong  and very annoying.
4	Edgar J.s review was pretty much spot on but I have a complaint about the check-in. I paid for the tower suite weeks in advance and was meeting my daughter and daughter-in-law there. My daughter-in-law (with child) arrived before me. She was not allowed to go to the room. She called me and I called the front desk. No matter what I said, they would not give her a key. She had to wait in the lobby for three hours until my flight arrived. Good grief. NOT a nice way to start our vacation.
4	We had a Balcony Suite for the weekend.  The two person jacuzzi was fabulous.  Our balcony was amazing with a beautiful view of the strip and pool in Tower 3.  We requested kitchen items when we arrived.  It took close to an hour before the items were delivered, but we ended up with a fully stocked kitchen and saved money preparing half of our meals in the room.  The strip is actually very close and the walk only took a few minutes.  I only have two complaints.  First, the bed was uncomfortable and I didn't sleep well either night.  The bed is slightly firm, but the biggest problem was the pancake feather pillows.  It was like sleeping on an extra layer of sheets without any neck support.  Maybe I'm just a feather pillow hater.  Second, the sound travels A LOT into the suites.  I think the tile entry way acts as an amplifier and we could hear people up and down the halls all day and night, doors slamming, etc.All in all, it was a great trip.  We would definitely stay again, but next time I'll bring my own pillow and maybe stick a towel under the main door to block some noise.
5	We came here for the fight at the MGM, and I'm definitely staying here again. We had a mini fridge, full kitchen, view of the strip, large TV, free wi-fi, room for 2 in the jetted tub ;). It only took minutes to check in, no walking thru a casino to get to your room. The room service food was good, and everyone very friendly and helpful.I liked how there is a walking bridge over to the MGM , and the little lounge on the way over is a great place to relax, saw a couple of celebrities there too.I kind of hate to review this place because for what you get for this price, I don't want the secret out. P.S. I booked this through Expedia.
4	nice hotel. not far from the strip. enjoyed my stay here. came out to $200 for two nights. theres no casino. and only valet parking is available. located right behind the mgm grand
5	Great stayGreat location in middle of the strip. Kitchenette, huge tub, windows that open, Starbucks downstairs, nice deli with made to order food at reasonable prices .
1	Shitty service. Not only were we given keys that didn't work, our lock ran out of batteries and we needed to wait an hour to get it fixed, but we were late for the guestlist so we were told it would take ten minutes when we got back to the hotel after we went home. We got back to mgm and it still wasn't fixed, and we had to wait another hour for the people to let us into our own hotel room that we paid for.
5	I should preface this by saying that I don't like staying in hotels at all. Staying at a hotel in Las Vegas? Forget about it -- yuck. I only stay in Las Vegas if the circumstances require it. The Signature at MGM Grand has changed my opinion about hotels completely. It is a wonderful hotel, for so many reasons:1. It isn't in a casino, so it super quiet, peaceful and relaxing. I had guests visit during our stay, and they remarked several times that they felt like they weren't even in Las Vegas (in a good way).2. Because the hotel isn't in a casino, it doesn't smell like smoke! At all! In fact, it smells fresh and botanical, like you're staying at a spa. 3. The Delights cafe, located on the ground floor of the second tower, lives up to its name: it has delightful food! Everything we ate from there was delicious, including their fresh fruit cups. My favorite was the Market Street sandwich. Their cinnamon rolls were huge and outstanding, too. I was so pleasantly surprised by this little cafe.4. The rooms were super clean, including the carpets, which is one of the reasons I hate staying at most hotels: the carpets are usually filthy! At the Signature, I felt comfortable walking around my room without shoes. 5. The staff is super friendly. We saw several staff members as we were walking down the hall, and each greeted us with a smile. They even stand to the side to let us pass! Even the cleaning ladies greeted us in the hall and welcomed us to the hotel on our first day.My only complaint is that I couldn't stay there longer! That has never happened at any other hotel. If I have to come back to Las Vegas in the future, I'll be staying here again.
4	Just returned from easter week stay, fantastic hotel ! 1- bedroom suite tower 2 was perfect for two adults  and one child , terrific pools and hot tubs , not over crowded and very kid friendly. The housekeeping light was terrific , room was always clean within an hour after turning it on. Easy indoor walk to MGM, and taxis always available  ! Would have given 5- stars, but they did not accommodate our only request , we wanted a strip view badly, and got airport even after emailing concierge a few months prior. I would have simply paid more for the view.
4	Everything was great about this hotel, but one thing. and it's not even a major thing but i just thought i'd write it anyways, i mean it is a review right? :PI wish that they had call down service for valet..aka..hi, i am calling from my room to get my car to be pulled around please...for some reason they don't have this option which doesn't really make sense to me, why wouldn't they?? But that's just my two cents. the end. :)
5	Awesome hot tub. Free valet parking. Connected to MGM grand but entrance is through a private street. Great balcony views. Highly recommend this place. Francisco at the front desk offered amazing customer service.
4	Overall, The Signature is a great hotel if you do not mind walking long distances to get to anything (casino, food, etc). However, if you are looking for something a little more in the action and lively this is definitely not the hotel for you.The Signature sits quite a ways back from the strip; depending on how fast you walk it is 10-20 minutes to just get into the MGM Grand. It has some amenities: fitness centre, pool for every tower, small deli-style restaurants onsite. Also, you are able to use amenities at the MGM Grand like their pool, which is much bigger. We found it was quicker to go to the Miracle Mile than the MGM for a quick bite to eat. The distance to the strip was definitely annoying if you are someone who likes walking around in Vegas.Parking appears to be valet only and it only takes a couple minutes to get your car. Unfortunately, you are not able to call ahead and get your car brought up.Noticeably missing from The Signature are long lineups. It is a much quieter hotel than one on the strip and much less crowded. The rooms are nice. Not the newest, but they are large and kept in good order. There are also balconies with them. When you get a two bedroom, there is quite a bit of room with the kitchenette and ours even had a third bathroom which works well when you have people sleeping on the pull-outs. It was setup nice for 2 groups - the entryway of the suite separated each of the bedrooms with their own keycard so that if those staying in one bedroom wanted to leave early/stay later there was zero disruption/noise to the other group. It was a great setup for a group of people sharing because everyone was not crammed into one room, and you could come/go without the other group noticing/being disturbed.One tip is that, because these rooms can be actually owner by an individual, you can often find them on other sites (VRBO for example) where the owners rent them out. You can (or at least we did) rent them at substantially lower rates than through the hotel directly.
3	My hubby and I and 2 other couples stayed here 2 weekends ago.  The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. The spa tub and huge shower were a plus for me.  I especially loved how we were given a parking permit and pulled our car into the gates of luxury living and the valet parked our cars and brought them down whenever we needed.  Unfortunately, I'm only I giving 3 stars because the front desk clerk neglected to inform us our our resort credit. Therefore, when it was time to check out I see and extra $150 on my bill.  I found out it was for the "unused" resort credit.  I immediately questioned this and was told that the hotel would extend my stay for 2 hours so that I could eat and charge it to the room.  SERIOUSLY?!?!?!  Do you really think that the 2 of us can eat $150 worth of food in 2 hours as we are heading home?  After this, I was given the run around until I was able to speak with a manager.  She eventually credited me for the daily resort fees to take the place of the resort credit that I was supposed to receive.  80 something dollars was supposed to be credited back and I was to receive a confirmation email.  I received THREE emails, and not one shows the credit.  I am NOT a happy camper right now!!!  Where in the hell is my money?!?!,
5	My experience here was amazing! Celebrated my 23rd bday here and the room was perfect, services was great. I had the 1 room balcony suite, and let me tell you it was worth every buck! Unlike the fucken Quad! Peace of shit of a hotel is worse than a motel fucken 6! Ahahaha highly recommend Signature Suite.
1	If your idea of a good time includes listening to hard driving rock music  for endless hours while you are sitting in a penthouse on the 30th floor then this is the place for you. We booked in this hotel because it doesn't include a casino. We like to take a break from all the hustle and bustle - recuperate somewhere quiet. This hotel used to be great for that. Not anymore. Now the Wet Republic Pool has a DJ scene that blasts music non stop for hour and hours. Seriously we are in a 30th floor penthouse and even with ear plugs I can hear the music. I complained to the hotel staff and was told that it was "unfortunate".We won't stay here again.
4	My 2nd trip ever to Las Vegas (March 2012) I stayed at the MGM Signature and I LOVED it. My first trip ever I stayed at the Cosmopolitan across the Strip so I didn't want too much of a "fall off" in terms of luxury and amenities for my 2nd foray into Vegas. I was pleasantly surprised that the fall off was very minimal if at all. Fantastic suites (I opted for the junior suite but got to tour a balcony suite with the really cool big screen LCD TVs that pop out of the desk like a robot. My suite was huge and it felt more like an apartment than it did a hotel room. That may be because the Signature rooms are actually condos and hence are treated much better by MGM. The only drawbacks of staying at the MGM Signature is the fact you have a 10 minute walk to the closest restaurant over in the MGM itself but it's a short 10 minute walk, especially if you take the people mover. I was battling a cold during this trip as well so I did a LOT of sleeping and I was never disturbed or wakened by drunken Vegas debauchery. The pool was quiet, a complete polar opposite of the MGM pool which is simply mass chaos. If you are looking for the fun of vegas but a quiet hotel stay this is a great option. Two pieces of advice for anyone booking a room here: 1, book through MGM itself and NOT the property manager that rents out these rooms/condos. If you rent through the property manager housekeeping will NEVER show up and you'll be living in your own garbage and filth for your entire stay. I know this to be true from my neighbor who I heard complaining about it. 2, avoid taking the back exit to the 3rd Signature tower to walk up Harmon to get to the Strip. It actually takes you longer to walk that way than to simply walk through the MGM to get to the Strip. It is a haul and if it's hot out you're going to be sweating up bullets LOL. I HIGHLY recommend this place and will likely stay here for my next trip.
5	Extremely nice hotel when considering its value.The one problem people seem to have with it is the walk, which takes you through the back of the MGM Grand and then past the casino, to the Strip, but it makes you feel kind of in a secluded area, where you know what you're doing (as in not a tourist).  The monorail is conveniently on the walk, so if you're heading to northern strip points, it's fine.This can get annoying, especially at night.  You have to go through the MGM basically - exiting through the entrance brings you to a long driveway down to Harmon (seemed sketchy with cars going pretty fast).I found the bottled water very cool.  Every staff member seems to be able to quickly access a fridge at it, at each tower and even the valets.Room was great with a balcony, kitchenette, and large bathroom (large tub with glass shower stall).*I stayed through one of the rental partners, Luxury Suites International, but the process works fine.  I'd assume the same for others, like Jet Luxury.
3	I loved the MGM grand signature room on 31st floor. Great view, large bathroom, spacious lounging room with a desk & a small kitchenette. We were staying in tower 1. Water is offered when we are waiting for our car from valet. Here is why 3 star. My husband & I decided to go down to the pool, sit in the cabana for an hour or so to drink, eat, & be merry. They wanted to charge a hefty fee of $250 to sit in a cabana. Pssstt, the food bill won't even come to $100 let alone a rental of covered cushions for my fat ass. It would be a different story if the pool was packed but it wasn't. Practically empty. They should just let the hotel guest use them drinking & eating having good time & make money the good old fashion way. The waitress showed up so late we moved on. It used to be fun to go to Vegas for complementary this & that but now everything is overpriced & getting charged for every little thing is getting old.
5	Lopita was great at finding us an amazing room with a great view! I loved everything about our room and balcony. Very clean and the shower was super large and the tub fit two people comfortably. Having in room coffee, microwave and refrigerator was great for heating up leftovers and keeping our beverages cold. Housekeeper Maria kept our home away from home clean and always kept our coffee stocked and gave us bottled water which is key in staying hydrated. Bryan awnsered all my questions I sent him via email to make sure all was set up correctly. I will make sure to contact him prior to our next trip.
5	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights and I give it a 5 star rating based on our experience.  First the service was excellent, out trip started with a happy, friendly gentleman working the front gate who was all smiles and provided us with the directions we needed for entering and exiting the hotel.  We arrived at the front desk a little after 9pm- there was a friendly employee who quickly got us registered and sent us on our way.  Our room: awesome, we had a balcony suite on the 30th floor in tower 2.  It was clean, up scale, and had fresh smelling aroma throughout the building.  If you are a person who doesn't like the smokey smell found in most casinos, this is the place for you.  We had a kitchenette, living space, bed space and the bathroom was amazing.  Two things to note here, while there was a microwave, fridge and cool top, there are no cooking utensils so just keep that in mind if you are planning a thrifty vacation and plan to eat in for meals.  My favorite feature was the buttons at the front door, you have a choice of "privacy please" or "housekeeping."  The house keepers never bang on your door, (I hate that!) and you have complete privacy without interruption with a press of your finger tips. The gym: we were in tower 2 which didn't have a gym but towers 1 and 3 did, with walkways connecting the 3 buildings, I didn't find this to be an issue for me.  The gym had the news equipment- with all the whistles and bells, hand towels, free water, and a clean atmosphere and most of all- itIs free with your room which I can't say is always the truth at other luxury hotels. The pools: each tower has it's ownPool and cabanas.  Poolside bar andFood menu.  The drinks were $14 each but they didn't hold back on the alcohol.  The poolside service was excellent, drinks and meals served within minutes from ordering it.  The pool temperature was perfect for a 80 degree day in Vegas and I found myself planted at poolside each day. Amenities: you want to leave your hotel to go experience Vegas but you don't have to.  The Signature hotel has everything you need right there. There are a couple different  bars and restaurants, as well as a mandatory Starbucks :) if you want to go gambling, there is a walkway that connects the towers to the MGM.  I really is only a 5 minute walk- although I have read other peeps reviews complaining about the distance- really ? I can't say anything negative about our experience and I plan to stay there again in the future, it's an awesome bang for your dollar.
4	I loved my time at the Signature at MGM Grand (7 nights). The room we were in was very spacious, large bathroom, large bed, and there is a small kitchenette. The Signature is a great hotel for people who want to be close to the action, but do not want to be around recently-turned-21-year-olds-who-want-to-party all the time. I loved the fact that we could gamble and have fun, but then come back to a nice and quiet place.The pool is the same idea - no loud thumping music, no people who are there just to be seen - just a nice place to enjoy the sun. You have the option to rent a cabana, but we didn't rent one so I'm not sure if it is worth it or not.I said the wifi costs money, but it is part of the resort fee. The resort fee also covers the water that they give you when they clean the room.The down sides, for me, were not significant. Our TV wasn't great, the volume would cut out for periods of time. I complained to the front staff, but nothing was done. I was told they would send someone up to look at it but the problem remained. Not a big deal as I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV all day.The only other (small) down side is that the hotel is a bit of a hike. Now when I say a bit of a hike, I don't mean 40+ minutes to get anywhere fun. I just mean that you aren't taking an elevator ride to the casino and restaurants. If that is super important to you, then don't stay here.If or when I go back to Vegas, I would definitely go back to The Signature. It is great for someone who likes to be relatively close to the action, but have the option of having a nice and quiet hotel experience. Hope this helps!
5	I'm really impressed with this hotel, I booked a balcony suite with a full kitchenette. Bigger than I expected and the room has a lot of space. Not exactly ON the strip but the strip is one block away! I'll be back!
1	I HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE AT THE MGM SIGNATURE SUITES!!I came to vegas for M fest and to catch up with some friends, whom I haven't seen in over a year.  I was really excited to stay at the MGM signature due to all the fabulous reviews, plus I got a discount through my credit card travel services.  I booked the Balcony Deluxe Suites, for only one night (and thank god we only stayed for 1 night).  I show up to the hotel and the gate security was very kind and cordial, I ended up arriving to vegas 4 hours before our 3pm checkin, but concierge was gracious enough to hold our bags till our time came up.  We come back to the hotel after our lunch to find that the nearby convention crowd were all staying at the hotel.  It literally took 1.5 hrs to get to our room on the 3rd floor, because the lines to the elevator were so DAMN long. The concierge told us to lounge in the lobby or by the pool until the lines die down.  The convention crowd was like a sex and the city woman gathering.. I have never seen that many women in my entire life and they were all chattering in unison.. it was so strange.  I finally get to my room and... there's no FUCKING BALCONY.  I specially paid more to get a room with a balcony and my room was just a regular room..  I didn't complain because I was so exhausted from just waiting in the elevator line.. I brought this issue up during my checkout and all they did was WAIVE my $28 resort fee.. WTF can you FUCKING REFUND ME THE DIFFERENCE IN THE TWO ROOMS??! .. I have talked to my chase travel services and the hotel will not do anything about it!! Their customer service sucks ass.... I recommend you stay at the other hotels like Paris or Cosmopolitan. I'm disappointed!
4	Stayed at the signature sweets this past March and the place was impeccable. We had a corner suite on the 19th floor. What an amazing view! The room was huge with a full kitchen (pots and pans available at the front desk) two bathrooms, both with beautiful glass showers and the one attached to the bedroom included a jacuzzi tub, THREE sinks and two vanity areas. Lots of space for everyone to get ready and if you happen to be staying for a while, theres no reason you won't be comfortable kicking back at the hotel for a few hours each day. Plus we had access to all of the pools (5-10 i lost count including an adult area at mgm grand) even at the MGM Grand, all of which included outdoor bars. We really enjoyed our stay there.
1	Was not pleased with the valet service during my stay there. My car has air suspension and i could clearly tell that it had been messed with. I would have never left the car with them that low. I raised the car so they could drive it easier. I was not happy to see that had been touched. Next girlfriend and cousin found Cockroaches in the lobby and in the hallways. If you dont know what im talking about here is a link to what they look like:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_cockroachI got a handicap room when i did not ask for it. So i did not get the private toliet on its own. I got a smaller tub. and i got a bulky sitting area in my shower. I did not ask for this!Finally when we checked out on sunday i was welcomed with over $100 in resort fees. This was not part of my invoice when i booked online with their website. What was funny is that there were 3-4 people also checking out at the same counter i could all hear them complaining about the same thing i was! I feel that this is a bait and switch method of squeezing a couple of extra dollars out of you. Not happy with my experience at a MGM hotel in las vegas.
4	I have stayed at The Signature a few times now and overall have no major complaints, I have only stayed in the one bedroom balcony suites which are a great size and well appointed considering the reasonable prices. The location is a bit inconvenient especially if you are trying to walk out to the strip through the MGM. However the monorail is very convenient for getting to other casinos and out to the strip and not too far of a walk from the Signature towers. Access to MGM main pool and lazy river is another plus. I will continue to stay here on trips when a condo sized space is necessary.
5	I just came back from a 5 day trip to Vegas and the Signature did not disappoint at all! It was my first time staying here and I can honestly say it was a fantastic experience and I do plan on staying there again. From the moment we checked in Sherry Crudup took great care of us. Price wise we paid through a second party (not really sure how that happened - someone else in our group took care of it) and all I can say is it was steal for the amount of time we were there. There were 4 of us and with the regular bed and sofa pull out we were all comfortable. BTW.. I never thought I would say this but the sofa bed was utterly amazing and comfy - I chose to sleep in it every night rather than alternating with the others for the bed. The room was spacious and clean and we had a kitchenette which I highly recommend - we were able to have breakfast and lunch daily and only go out for dinner. Saved lots of $$ doing this. We were in Tower 1, on the 33rd floor, the views were great. I did hit the fitness center 2x during our stay and was happy with the abundance of towels, fruits, excellent equipment and cold water. Location wise you do have to realize that you are NOT on the strip but do have to walk about ten to fifteen minutes to get to it. If you are fine with this then it really is not a big deal. As soon as we got there we went to the Walgreens on the strip and stocked up on any other food we were missing. I liked that this hotel shares the MGM amenities so going to the lazy river is as easy as flashing your room key and you are in. All in all i am really happy we decided to stay here and highly recommend it to everyone!
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the Signature this past week.  The hotel is located slightly off the strip, but is connected to the MGM Grand by an air-conditioned walkway.  I wanted a quieter hotel, with less noise and partying, and the Signature delivered that.  The valets were much quicker than at the MGM Grand, and the hotels have their own private pools and fitness centers.  My only complaint was that I booked a 1 bedroom suite, and when I initially arrived, I was put in a handicapped suite with no Jacuzzi.  After I called down to the front desk about it, they moved me to a different 1 bedroom suite with a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view of the strip.  The room was really well appointed, with a huge sub zero fridge, nice TVs and comfortable furniture.  I wish they'd put a couple of patio chairs on the balcony because there's no where to sit out there without dragging the chairs from the kitchen table.  And I also wish they'd use different pillows on the beds, or at least offer a mix of pillows, because the ones they use are way too squishy and offer no neck support, but that's nit-picking. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay, and I'd definitely stay at the Signature again.
5	Favorite hotel so far in Vegas as far as the rooms go. Very classy. Private driveway with huge double door gate to enter the hotel, reminiscent of a mansion. Free valet! Love that they have kitchens in all the rooms. Really nice jet bathtub as well. I've stayed in a regular room, a suite, and the penthouse suite...pleased with all of them. :) No long lines to check it. Reasonable price for a a nice room. Customer Service is also great, when they heard we were staying for my brother's wedding, they upgraded all our rooms for free.
5	We've done Vegas many, many times staying everywhere. First time here though. Room 33188 closest to elevator and ice machine in tower 3. It's the furthest to the main MGM property but not a big deal for us as gaming was just a small part of our stay. Great gym here. Newspapers are not on your door like other resorts but in the lobby. Room itself is impressive especially as we got it for $90 using the old fart discount (AARP) and they never asked for a card. Was so impressed with the stay wanted to extend 2 more nights. Bad timing as a large group coming in. They offered me one more night $220. Came back later and it was $180 but they'd do me a deal for $140. Thought I was in a car dealership so offered them $120. A side trip to the manager and deal done. The place is impressive. Hope you get a good deal.
5	I would have to say this is one of the best hotels in Vegas as far as service and value.  I have been staying here with my family for the past four years for at least a week at a time.  The check in process is simple and fast.  I have yet to wait more than 5 minutes to get checked in.  As far as the value, I think its great for what you get.  The towers are a bit off the strip so it cuts down on the drunk and crazy (not that there is anything wrong with that in Vegas) crowd of the hotels on the strip.   I only say this because I bring my two kids with me and I like the family atmosphere The Signature provides.  The rooms are excellent, clean, and comfortable.  It is worth the money to get the one bedroom suite for the balcony, full kitchen, and extra space.  Well, I can go on and on about this place but you just have to experience it one time and you will be sold like I was.  Make sure you shop around for the best deals and if you are a M life member the rates are always better (Sometimes you get $50 bucks free for room service)
3	Stayed here with my hubby and two little ones. Stayed in a one bedroom suite. It was big which works great! My big issue with this place is the cleanliness. I found a condom wrapper next to the bed but what took the cake was a pill next to the night stand! Thank goodness I always scan hotel room because I could not imagine if one of my little ones got a hold of that who knows what pill and put it in their mouth! Very upset about this! I wrote this on the customer review but never heard from them.
2	So the look of the room I was very impressed at first with the look of the room very cute then when I turned on my air on high the smell of vomit was coming out of the vent absolutely awful! The smell seemed to finally go away then the last day my girlfriends and I were there I noticed on the underside of the comforter was a huge yellow mustard looking stain and some brown stains if I hadn't pulled it back I would've never noticed then I examined the sheets and the bed had to sheets on it and both were dirty with random stains I pulled all the sheets off the bed and on the mattress cover I saw hair that was clearly not me or my friends and we didn't sleep on the mattress cover so it couldn't of been ours an what absolutely disgusted me was the pubic hair on the cover absolutely disgusting!!!!!!!! And when I wanted to check in only an hour early and the rooms were supposedly already ready they charged 22 dollars just to check in an hour early which was ridiculous. And when I let the front desk know they weren't apologetic and the maid service manager only said I'm sorry and thanks for letting him know! I will not be staying here again! Seriously to not change the sheets nasty!!!!!
3	We are currently staying at the signature. This was an annoversary present from a family member, who prebooked and payed. Anyway, the did hit us with additional resort fees and taxes, no idea why this was not includable in the prepay. The huge tub had hairs in it! Bathroom floor was cleaned, but thegrout has funky stains. And the coffee and tea selection (for which we pay, among other things, the resort fee) is eay sub par. Yes, it is a nice place. Bed is comfy, it has the usual anemities i am use to and expectin this price category. But all ofthe above make me not going back here after this stay
4	This was the second time we stayed at the Signature and we were again not disappointed.  The room was lovely, although they could update their TV's since they are pretty small in a space that could support a larger one.  We had a balcony suite with a great view of the strip and background mountains.  These rooms are nice if you are staying more than a couple of days as they have kitchenettes if you want to cook in your room and not spend all your hard earned cash on the many great restaurants in Vegas.  Located behind the MGM Grand, you will do a fair amount of walking to get to the strip without a cab or personal vehicle.
2	I have had better experiences at other hotels with less stars.Parking: Valet service is nice and you do not have to worry about finding a spot and walking to the hotel, but this is the only option you have for parking. They only had a couple of valet attendants to work and it took up to 20 minutes for them to retrieve my vehicle. Room: The room was clean and the bathroom was large. The room did have a mini refrigerator, microwave oven, and a stove. The room felt like a mini studio apartment. The bed was not of the best quality,  it was hard and springy. One of the worst nights of sleep I have had in Las Vegas, I awoke the next more with tremendous back pain. The next two nights I slept on the couch, which was still uncomfortable, but I could a least i could get some rest. The walls are on the thin side, I was able to here the people next door and people in the hallway talking as they walked down the way. I had no maid service for two days and had to call the lobby for extra towels and toiletries, which they brought up quickly. Pools: Since the Signature is part of the MGM Grand I was able to use the MGM Grand pools including the lazy river. The pool area though is a party area with loud music and rude people, so be prepared. Back at the Signature pool area, the concrete is very slippery and I witnessed many people falling. I even fell when I took off my sandals and the guy at the bar noticed and said I was cut-off, I was not even drinking. Overall: Maybe 2 star
3	We are currently staying at the signature. This was an anniversary present from a family member, who prebooked and payed. Anyway, the did hit us with additional resort fees and taxes, no idea why this was not includable in the prepay. The huge tub had hairs in it! Bathroom floor was cleaned, but thegrout has funky stains. And the coffee and tea selection (for which we pay, among other things, the resort fee) is only sub par. Yes, it is a nice place. Bed is comfy, it has the usual anemities i am use to and expectin this price category. But all ofthe above make me not going back here after this stay..too many other choices in this town
4	If you don't want to stay right on the Strip, the Signature Towers are a fantastic choice. The rooms are very nice - albeit I wish the bathroom lighting were better for applying makeup. They have balconies which I love. Tower 3 is the farthest from the MGM, but is right on Harmon so if you want to walk up to the strip you can go out the back way, up Harmon and within 10 minutes be up at the Cosmopolitan. Tower 2 has the Delights Bistro. Tower 1 has it's own Starbucks with no lines which is great as the one in the MGM food area always has about 100 people  in line. Tower 1 also has a 24 hour business center - it's basically two computers and a printer but just fine for printing your boarding pass. They all have a check-in desk and valet parking as well. The Towers are connected so you don't ever have to go outside on your way to the MGM or the Grand Pool Complex. The walkways between towers feature the moving sidewalks to speed you along. Each Tower has it's own pool area as well. The Tower Pools are way more chill than the big pool area so depending on your mood their's a pool for you.The only downside to the rooms is the small TV with the cruddy picture. We didn't watch much TV so we survived, but the TV set up doesn't really fit with the rest of the room. Our room had a nice under sink fridge, a microwave, sink and even a stove top range. We had a deluxe suite on the 20th floor (#815). We had a great view of the strip skyline. There is ample storage in the room for an extended stay as well. It would have been nice to have some wall hooks to hang wet suits and towels on. They have an i-Pod dock radio, but it doesn't work with i-phones. So if you want to play music through it bring a regular i-Pod. I really enjoyed out stay here. We didn't need to leave at all. We went to Hakkasan two nights, the Grand Pool Complex Lazy River Pool everyday, ate at the restaurants in the MGM and Towers. The airport is no more than 10 minutes a way max. I liked staying here better than my usual Palazzo - better price, easier to get around and not insanely crowded everywhere you go. We'll be back for sure and the MGM Signature will likely become or go to/regular hotel in Las Vegas.
2	Disappointing. Although the service was good, the rooms were dirty. Found a pair of underwear sitting out in the open from the previous guests and the staff wasn't very apologetic about it.
1	I had a blast in Las Vegas this weekend but was disappointed in #MGMGrand Signature Suites. Having spent 15+ years of my life in the hospitality industry, I know how to judge exemplary customer service (or lack thereof). The front desk agents were curt and unapologetically rude. The room still had trash and glassware from the previous occupants and the requested call from the management never came. I also had to hold 30 for 30 minutes to speak with accounts payable upon my arrival home to contest their incorrect billing. I would advise my friends and family to chose a different hotel on their next visit.
1	The room was nice and clean, but the service was so so bad! We had many problems with our reservation and the front desk staff and concierge ranged from unhelpful to downright rude. For $200 a night, I expect the staff to at least be on top of the basic stuff.
5	Always my fave place to stay in Las Vegas....great accommodations whereby you don't feel like you are in a crowded hotel. Staff super-friendly, helpful and superb. Each tower has great amenities no matter where you stay. Great service, great rooms, I could go on forever! :)
5	Best place to stay in Vegas I have stayed at Wynn encore Caesars bellagio you cannot beat the signature towers. We have been coming to Vegas for 15 years again this is the best.
3	Loved the hotel- front desk people were fantastic! I had a couple of small issues which were cleared up and handled immediately. But- they put a hold on my credit card for incidentals- told me they would credit it and it has not been done! They charged my account! Tried calling their billing department three times and was disconnected!!! They took my money immediately but getting it back is a waiting game! Would recommend and stay again except for the billing issue.
4	My husband and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for our honey moon and we loved it! We were on tower 2 floor 21 with a corner view of the strip and the city. The room was spacious comfortable and clean! It is a little on the pricier side but we would stay here again for a secial occasion. The only downside was that cleaning did take a while to get to our room so we simply just went to them and asked for what we needed. Other than that a great stay!
5	OK. We have stayed at a ton of hotels in Las Vegas. I have been going for twenty years and this hotel is great. It is off the Strip but not too far away. The valet has only ten or fifteen cars and you can get into the hotel without waiting an hour. We had a check-in at 3pm and only took us twenty minutes to check-in at front. We were here for our wedding and had other people checking into Stratosphere it took 2 hours to check them in there. The beds are comfy and three nights was less than 375. I would recommend this hotel for people with families or for a quiet Vegas experience.
3	I stayed here in May for a conference with the company I am with. We had heard the Signature Suites were much nicer then the MGM and we got a smokin deal so we were super excited to stay here. This hotel didn't exactly live up to the expectations. Anytime we called because we needed something it took over an hour. When you are getting ready for bed, and you need an extra pillow this can be really annoying. The rooms were a bit more dated then I expected but they have been up kept very well so it wasn't really an issue. We had to complain to the front desk 3 times about our neighbors that were very obviously smoking in the hallway (it's a non smoking hotel) But once we did finally receive help from staff they were all extremely helpful, polite, and nice. The private pools here got really crowded so we spent our pool hours at the MGM pool which has a lazy river so it's better anywaysThere is a short walk from our tower (tower 3) to the MGM and they have moving walkways so we didn't mind the walk at all!There were good parts and bad. I would stay here again when I go for my next training conference, but I probably wouldn't otherwise
1	I would like to first off say that I was really pleased with my room and the staff at MGM. When I come back I will be staying at The Signature BUT I will be booking through MGM. I booked through a company called Luxury Suites International, they own various properties at The Signature. They also employ their own staff for housekeeping and room service. The MGM staff can not help you with ANYTHING, they can not even send up bottled water to your room. The housekeeping and manager customer service is HORRIBLE through LSI. My first night there was great. However, the second day we were there our flask pouches went missing after housekeeping came into our room. I called down to LSI and talked to Jessica around 6 pm and she told me since the housekeeping staff was already gone for the day this would have to be looked into tomorrow. I then told her this was fine. She said that the manager named Dawn would call me around 8:30 am when she got in. Well 9:30 am comes around and i still haven't received a call, so I called and Dawn answered. I first started off by asking if we could have late checkout and she then told me no that the mattress was being changed out....ok that's a little odd. I then brought up the incident from the previous day, she then proceeded to tell me that since housekeeping had it marked down that we had our "do not disturb" light on they didn't enter and they can not do anything about it. I told her that yes we had our light on until about 3pm and at 3pm we called down and spoke to Jessica about needing more towels and she told us that we should just turn on our "housekeeping" light. So we did this and at about 3:30pm two housekeepers came in right as we were leaving our rooms. So we actually saw them enter. Dawn then told me that she would have to contact the head of housekeeping and get this figured out, she would call me back. Well this was the day we checked out and I still haven't heard anything back regarding this incident. It is a little peculiar that housekeeping had it written down that they did not enter my room when we actually saw them. Then to top it off my belongings went missing. AND to make things even worse the safe was locked and we could never open it to put our belongings in. This makes it seem like LSI is running some kind of scam operation to steal guests possessions and then falsify documentation to make it seem like they were never in the room.I would also like to add that I have even emailed LSI from their website and i have also gotten no response.
5	Wow, this place made me feel like I was in a foreign country with the level of service we received.  Full on resort style hotel, not your typical Las Vegas hotel.  The one and only downfall this place has is that it is a long hike to get to the MGM.  Yes there are moving walkways but if you get stuck in tower 3 like we were it takes 10-15 minutes just to get to the food court of the MGM.  Rooms were great, bed was super comfy, and again amazing service!
5	I agree with everyone else who says staying at this hotel is an amazing experience. We were only there one night, but it was a great stay indeed!We left Los Angeles around 5am and made it to Las Vegas at around 8:30am. I know that check-in time is 3pm, but I was hoping to be able to check-in earlier and enjoy the hotel since we were only staying there one night. I called the front desk around 9:30am after we finished having breakfast and the man on the phone told me he didn't have anything available and to try back at around 1pm.Hell no I didn't call back at 1pm! We drove to the hotel and valet took our car. We went to the front desk and I asked the lady if there were any rooms available so that we could check-in early. To my surprise, she said they had a room in the second tower and that we could check-in free of charge. What a nice gesture!The room was clean and the bathroom was huge (bathrooms and cleanliness are of the utmost importance to me when staying at a hotel). There was a jacuzzi and a separate shower that could probably fit around four people. Dual sinks and a magnified mirror for makeup application. Also, the toilet is behind a separate door and a small TV near one of the sinks. The bed was very comfortable and I loved having the kitchenette. I brought along my Bialetti Moka Express to make espresso and coffee in our hotel and the small fridge was very useful to store water and drinks. We had a view of the airport and the halls were especially quiet at night. It was about 115 degrees in Vegas that Sunday and as we walked the strip, we realized that we needed to get into the pool back the hotel. The pool was nice and not too packed. I know that each of the towers has a pool to call its own, but we went to the pool in Tower 2. There is an air conditioned hallway that connects The Signature to the MGM Grand. You don't have to worry about walking in the burning heat.The check-out was a breeze and it's so convenient to have your car brought back to you by valet. I definitely recommend this hotel when you're in Vegas!
1	1. Staff are not friendly and they are very condasending.  This is my exspeirence from the the front gate, Vallet and front desk. No one goes above and beyond or ever hear about Customer Service.2. Be aware that the towers except tower 2 close at night. 3. The rooms are OK, but lack things like locks on the bathroom doors.
3	Pros- good for big groups, reasonable rates, on the strip..the guy who checked us in was very professional (didn't necessarily have some answers I like but he kept his composer) good worker to have though...Cons where do I start?I was told my bigger suite wasn't going  to be ready for another 2 hours after their check-in time. And when I ask what do I get in return since I'm not getting a full night because the room isn't ready on time? They look at me crazy....after going back and forth I get a $100 voucher for room service.I ask what kind of rates or discounts do I get for the MGM night club? Again they look at me like I'm crazy....if I am staying at your hotel can I get something? Especially to your night club? Free ticket or something? Discounted rate? Something? Nope nothing...had to go to a different club at another hotel...didn't want to spend $150 to get into a club lolMy friends were kind of loud at one point and the security tried to just come in like they are the police? I didn't let them and quieted down my friends. And they never came back. You can't just kick open doors guys! The security guy was really trying to just walk in. What if people were getting dressed? Big no no we are grown ass adults don't treat your guests like teenagers....The rooms feel out dated....the furniture looked worn and the room didn't feel clean at all...Checking out...not friendly at all....no smile at all..."thanks for staying" sounded very fake and rude...I was going to give a 2 but I felt bad...I don't like to give bad reviews but I was shocked at the service...you guys are MGM!!  I was thinking top notch but I guess not...
1	Why can't we give 0 stars?!  This hotel use to be one of my favorites! The past 3 visits have been nothing less than a nightmare. The first horrible experience the valet lost my key and blamed it on me and claimed I must of had too many drinks the night before and kept the key.  If that was so how would u be able to drive my car down to the garage. Then when my husband went down to the garage with him he found it.  When they brought the car up the valet guy took off and didn't help us with our bags.  Second experience was my husbands bachelor party they told them the room would be ready by 3 it wasn't ready Til 6 and the food they brought got ruined.   On top of that anytime they called for room service or the front desk someone would respond with an attitude  to them.   This past time   Well I have NO words other than they are the worst hotel on this planet.  Horrible customer services, unable to satisfy any customer needs.  They have an excuse for everything and it's always out of their hands or put blame on something or someone else.  I cannot express to everyone enough how this hotel is complete trash.  I would rather stay at circus circus.
4	I stayed in tower 2 overlooking the MGM Pool and the airport. You can see every plane landing and leaving Vegas from here. The 29th level room had a Jacuzzi, fs tv and a sofa area. It is very quiet and feels kinda isolated and far away from the Vegas action.The room has a kitchenette with a toaster, stove, microwave, sink and coffee maker. If you need any kitchen supplies. Just call, they bring it to you. Each tower has a pool, but rather go to the MGM pool. Tower 1 and 3 have a gym, which is open 24h for signature guests. The gym is fairly big, with many machines, free earphones, apples, water, towels. Even at night they are pretty rude at strictly enforcing their gym-shoe only rule. Spa was not included. Resort fee was 28$/night.
5	Absolutely loved this condo/hotel ! The 2 bedroom, 3 bath, 2 kitchen suite that we rented was perfect for our family of eight.  Two of the bathrooms had a small TV, double vanities, a huge jetted tub and a spacious shower.  The kitchens and living rooms (complete with a good size TV/dvd player and 2 sofa beds) were equally impressive.The Signature is compromised of 3 towers (we stayed in Tower 3) and is a great alternative to staying in the casino.....much more quiet and family friendly.  It's about a 10-15 minute walk to the MGM Grand Casino via an enclosed, air-conditioned walkway (perfect for avoiding the summer heat!).  Each tower has a swimming pool and a gym was located on the ground floor of Tower 3.Our family would definitely consider staying here again.
2	Just no. I came with a group of girls for a bachelorette party and the rooms were fine (clean) when we arrived but we had so many customer services issues it almost ruined the whole bachelorette weekend. There was little guidance driving into the hotel as far where we were supposed to park and drop off our luggage. They ended up telling us it would take 3-4 hours to bring our luggage from the valet but we had all the bachelorette decorations, games and outfits in our luggage! We had to go down and grab all our stuff ourselves. They brought us one tiny blanket and pillow after calling twice and asking for 4 pillows and 4 blankets - our room was half freezing and half hot! At check in the girl helping us messed something up and we had to come down multiple times to have our card recharged, then declined, then reimbursed, it was so crazy and no one was being accountable. Overall I hate the signature and I only give it 2 stars instead of 1 because at least the rooms were clean and we had fun that weekend. Also, the sinks were making creepy water and gurgling noises all night - not cute.
4	The Signature is pretty nice and smoke-free which is a huge plus.  The staff was friendly and the cafe in Tower 2 had a very tasty breakfast!  When we would call down for extra linens or room service, it was very prompt.  The rooms were generally clean (see below for issues).  We had a bachelorette pre-party in our room and it went off without a hitch.  It connects to the MGM Grand and the other Signature towers through a tunnel like system complete with people movers to minimize walking.  We walked through the MGM Grand Lobby around check in time during our stay and saw what a zoo that was and were happy that we did not have to endure that Disneyland-on-a-Saturday-in-the-summer length line (or, Ramen-Festival-in-San-Francisco length line).  Free wifi!There were some odd things that I kept saying, "this is going on my yelp review" while I stayed there with some friends recently, though, that drove me nuts -- which is why I deducted 1 star:1) The doors to get in to the lobby are not automatic which is OK but makes it hard to walk in when you're carrying luggage & there is not a door person.2) No free early check in -- we arrived about 3 hours prior to check in and the only response the gentleman at the front desk gave us when we asked if our room was ready was that "Check in is at 3."  I later found out from another friend that she called ahead to ask for an earlier check-in but they charged her for it.  We were not even provided with the option to pay to check in early.3)  Since we couldn't check in early, we opted to leave our bags with the bell hop, who was oddly located outside in the heat.  We all thought that was weird.  Luggage is placed in an air-conditioned room, though.4) You have to call ahead to receive your allotment of 4 plates, 4 forks, 4 knives, 4 cups, etc., and they charge you for it.  Booo.5)  We reserved a one-room balcony suite and they only provided 1 cup in the master bathroom and did not provide blankets/sheets for the pull out queen bed.6)  The TV did not work in the living area -- I would press the on button and the TV would turn on then off a few seconds later, press the channel change button and the volume would go up, etc.7)  When we got in our room, there was a dirty towel on the floor in the master suite and some prior guest left a headband behind that housekeeping did not see or forgot to pick up.I'd stay there again, even though the things above annoyed me.
5	Most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! The Jacuzzi tub was an unexpected surprise in a standard room. The room was nicely decorated and felt very upscale. The price was affordable. My new favorite place to stay in Vegas!!
2	Early check in and friendly service at the pool were the perks of this place. We were checked in early to a room that was not clean. Of the three days we were there housekeeping came once ( even though we the light on). We had to ask for amenities like coffee to be refilled. The vending machine in the lobby didn't work. You spend half the time traveling to the strip. It's not close. Then they have late check out that they offer the day of. What's the point of that? If I wanted to wake up early I wouldn't need late check out. Then of course at ten we call and it's not available. Big surprise. Never stay here. Too many good options in Vegas.
5	My wife and I are in vegas for our first time. We are staying in tower 1 in a balcony suite on floor 32. This place is so amazing! We have never been in such a beautiful room. We are blown away with all the luxury.First off the prosNo crazy chaotic check in/out. Very calm lobby since there is no casino in the immediate lobby.Room service is great and prices are very fair.The wifi is crazy fast and very strong signal.Top notch everything. From sub zero fridge and other appliances/thingsCleaning service reliable Staff is beyond great!Now a couple cons but nothing worth removing a starIt's off the strip which kinda sucks. They should at least consider a shuttle back and forth to the strip. Its connected to the MGM by corridors so you can walk completely indoors to the MGM Grand but once again, it's a hike but all in A/C.No HD TV. It's all standard deffinition. Really surprised me with all the other luxury ammeneties.
3	The Signature at MGM Grand is okay.  We arrived Tuesday at about 7:30 P.M. and left Thursday at 11:00 A.M.  I liked the room, the bed, the spaciousness, and the bathroom.  The TV worked perfectly Tuesday night, but come Wednesday it was not working correctly whether I used the remote or the TV buttons to turn on the TV, and change the channel or the volume.  If I pressed the volume button it would change the channel and vice versa.  If I pressed the power button it would turn on and then turn off.  I called the front desk and they did a soft reboot on the TV and it improved for a couple of hours.  One of the men came up that was working on the reboot and asked how it was working, and at the time it was working fine.  But later that night it was back to being glitchy.  The shower is spacious and easy to adjust to the right temperature.  Tuesday night we used room service and the food was a 2 out of 5 stars.  The chicken wrap was good and fresh, but the croutons on the salad were stale.  My son had the chicken noodle soup, which he liked, but I tasted it and it was very salty.  He also had the French Dip and he didn't like it.  The rolls that came with dinner were not fresh and the one I tasted was stale.Housekeeping is prompt.  We needed more towels Wednesday night and they brought them up quickly.  All of the employees at The Signature were nice.  We didn't use the pool at The Signature.We were in Tower 3, which is far from the MGM Grand and the action and grand pool complex.  I wonder if the food at the MGM Grand is fresher than the food at The Signature Tower 3?I won't be back to The Signature.
5	One bedroom penthouse suite 32nd floor in tower one was amazing! Great view of MGM grand pools & city. Very clean & quiet. Ordered room service at midnight for an 8:30 am delivery- on time and was great. Had a wonderful two nights there and would recommend everyone to stay at the MGM Grand Signature.
4	Great place to stay at. A little pricey with their $25 a day resort fee. Quiet, just off the strip. The pools look like they'd be quiet and relaxing, away from the madness at MGM but it's just as crazy and loud. That's Vegas for ya. Staff is friendly and helpful, good location and access to all MGM's amenities. I would stay again
4	This hotel experience could have turned into a complete nightmare, but thanks to the staff, it became a awesome experience.  First, I pre-checked into a room in tower 1, floor 30, right around 7:30 AM.  Since I couldn't check in until 3:00 PM officially, I walked around the strip and I waited for a phone call from the MGM Signature as promised.  When I did not get a phone call and is it was around 3:30 PM, I decided to call them directly and was told that my room was finally ready.  When I got back to the hotel and finally checked in, the room was an absolute nightmare.  The room was not clean, there was garbage everywhere, the bathrooms were dirty, and the bedroom TV was broke- the prior guests were there for the bodybuilding expo and left everything from their syringes to clothes in the room.  To say that I was livid is an understatement.  However, when I called and spoke to the folks on the phone, they moved me from tower 1 to tower 2, 17th floor, so I had to take all of my luggage to the lobby, and get new room keys.  By this time I was upset but willing to work with the hotel.  The change in rooms was day and night.  The new room had a full view of the strip.  The room was completely clean and smelled great.  With that being stated,  I accidentally left some personal effects in the old room so when I went back to tower 1, I saw the staff trying to clean up the mess and much to their dismay, they found out that the TV was broke in the master bedroom after I told them- poor folks. All of the staff were absolutely the kindest people you could find in Las Vegas- I never ran into anyone working there who did not appear to love their job to the fullest.  With that being said, I need to tell you that if you are adverse to walking- this is not the property for you.  However, I could make the walk from the hotel to the casino in 10 minutes which was fine by me.  Another thing- you can use the main MGM pools plus the MGM signature pools- although the signature pools are smaller, they are less crowded, and much closer to the hotel.  Remember if you require drinking glasses- you must request this from front desk staff, otherwise, they will leave you with one glass.  If you ask for anything, they will deliver.  Although I don't know if I will ever return to Vegas, I can say if I do- I am staying at the MGM Signature again.  If you book through Southwest Airlines, they even give you a resort credit- mine was $75.00 and it paid off really nice at the MGM buffet.
3	Unfortunately as soon as we arrived there was nothing but problems.  We checked in at the front desk with a woman who happened to be the manager on staff.  The 1st room key she gave us didn't work, the second room key did work, but the room she gave us was already occupied!! The second room they provided us with was still not ours, finally the 3rd room was correct.  The manager offered us a $75 food and beverage credit for the inconvenience.The woman who was helping us check out spoke to us as if we were dumb, trying to charge us an extra $200.  They never provided us with the $75 food and beverage credit and they tried charging us double for the resort fee.  The woman went over the bill multiple times being very rude as if I was dumb for not understanding why the bill was so high.  I paid the entire bill before we arrived to the hotel so this wouldn't happen.  The front desk staff obviously needs better training and needs to check their attitude towards their guests.  Regarding the hotel and 1 bedroom suite we stayed in for 2 nights, it was great.  As you pull into the casino drive way it is gated to keep other people out who are not staying there.  We had 4 girls in the room and it was so helpful to have 2 full bathrooms. The hotel did not have a casino inside which made it really quick and easy to get in and out.  There is an indoor walk way from the Signature Suites to the MGM.
3	Family friendly resort......kind of far to get to the strip. Pretty sure the valet stole my sunglasses.....my fault for leaving it in the car.....ugh!
5	Hands down the best hotel experience I have ever encountered.They don't meet expectations, they exceed them. Vacations are hard earned and we deserve the best when on one, you owe it to yourself and your loved ones to stay at the MGM Signature at least once !
3	I just returned from a 3 night stay here with my family.  We stayed on the 32nd floor in a 1 bedroom suite.  We were pretty happy with the size of the suite and the two bathrooms.  It is a bit farther from the strip and the hustle and bustle of the strip - which can be a pro and a con.  I liked that the walk to the MGM property was all indoors.  We stayed Sun through Wed so it wasn't very crowded which was a huge pro, in my opinion.  There are two things that annoyed me enough to knock it down a couple stars.  First, when I realized that we only got 4 bath towels I called housekeeping to request an extra towel.  It was after hours so I'm not sure who I spoke to, I don't think it was actually any one in housekeeping, and was told that they strictly only give out 4 towels and that I could switch out a used towel for a fresh one.  Uhh, seriously?  I've never stayed in a hotel so stingy about their towels.  My friend's family checked in the next day and also requested extra towels and had no problems getting them.  Second, the pool area is lined with marble.  What genius thought of that?!  Marble + water = slippery!  People were falling left and right.  During a couple hour span that we spent at the pool one morning, I saw at least 6 people slip.  Some more seriously than others.  My friend's son fell and bumped his head (he was fine) and a hotel staff person showed up an hour later (no one from our party reported the fall so I'm not sure who did and why it took so long) asking if he was alright and to ask my friend to fill out a report.  They were pretty aggressive about asking her to fill out the report - she initially didn't want to bother because they wanted pictures of her son.  We also saw an elderly lady slip and fall pretty badly.  :(  I think they need to figure something out before someone has a major injury and they get sued.  So all in all, I wasn't completely displeased with my stay here but I'm not sure I'd stay again.  I might check out some of the other all suites properties in Vegas before coming back.
4	This is our second stay at The Signature and once again I'm very pleased with the experience.  The first time we rented directly from the owner, while this time we did it through a travel agency, which booked directly to the hotel.  The advantage of doing it with an owner is that you know exactly what you are getting it - we had a better view last time.  But it's much easier and less troublesome to do it directly with the hotel and you get daily maid service included in the price.In both cases the rooms were identical, and they are pretty much like they look in pictures  They are both elegant and comfortable.  They are also a bargain, in particular if you are a family and take advantage of the kitchen, at least for breakfast.My kids particularly like the large jet tub in the bathroom, and the fact that there is a little TV for their use while they bathe. The bed is super comfortable as are the pillows, the sofa isn't too bad.  Internet is very fast and there are enough outlets.  There is a table where you can work.Service has also been very good.  Their computers were down when we first arrived and the lobby was full of people waiting, so they comped us $75 at The Lounge and helped us find a place to seat and eat.  BTW if you eat there, both the chicken wings ($8) and the flatbread with prosciutto and figs ($10) were excellent, and not overly expensive. The only minuses of staying here is that it's far away from the strip and that it has valet parking only.  They are pretty quick in retrieving your car, but it does mean you need to have change to tip.
4	Amazing location for Las Vegas.  The units are nice but a bit dated.  I love that it's walking distance in the center of the strip.   The pool is gorgeous too! And each tower has their own pool.  There's a nice gym and coffee shop there too.  Fun stay!
1	Non-existent customer service from the valet, doorman, front desk, room cleaning and security down to the operators and managers. Good rooms but awful in every other way. So much so, I would not return and would recommend that others do the same. Cleaning staff failed to show up one day - left my room wide open all of the next day. Managers could not respond except to say sorry. When you could get a manager through the operator or whether they picked up the phone at all. That's several managers. Just lousy.
5	Awesome hotel. The staff go out of their way to make your experience enjoyable. My maid found my tangled up necklace and untangled it for me (it was very tangled, and would have taken me forever to fix on my own). Little things like that go a long way.I was staying for a week for a work conference, and they made sure I had access to laundry, as well as cutlery and dishware (even pots) in my room. Yes, there's a kitchenette.The only downside is that my tower was far from everywhere I needed to be. The MGM is huge, so it comes with the territory.
4	Snagged a suite here for the weekend with my sweetie from a groupon and from the moment we arrived, I was impressed! From the free valet parking to the complimentary bottled water when checking in, everyone was so attentive and sweet! The room was gorgeous with a brilliant view of the strip. Everything was clean, and it included one if the most amazing bathroom layouts that I've seen! I want it in MY house!! Even when we accidentally locked ourselves out the staff was pleasant and more than willing to help us out. My only complaint would be that it's a little far from the strip, but the MGM connects everything so well that it really isn't that big of a deal. I highly recommend staying here, it's a vacationers dream suite!
5	Love this place. Stayed in February for 4 days and after spending 4 days at Red Rock, I decided I had to write a review to compliment the service and amenities of this hotelPluses: Clean, nice front desk staff, great kitchenette, spacious, quiet, no smell of smoke because the casinos are down the walkway at the MGM, nice little bar for late night drinks (better if it was open later), good breakfast at the sandwich shop downstairs, convenient casino/restaurants/shopping at the MGM but none of the noise and seediness because the Signature is set apart. Also, reasonably priced even booking through the hotel.Minuses:Would be nice to have a little store with kitchen/breakfast essentials in the hotel to make good use of the kitchenette.I just stayed at the Red Rock where the front desk service was abysmal. When you only have 4 days at a hotel, it makes a big difference when the staff smile and make you feel welcome and try to address concerns efficiently and effectively.
5	My partner and I stay here every year for business and I highly recommend it.  Close to the strip but no smoking, no gaming and free valet!  Our check in/check out has always been painless no matter which online service (expedia, jetsetter etc) we used.Six elevators in each tower makes room for everybody. The rooms are enormous with real doors on the bedroom and bathrooms (both full baths) and a full kitchen with glasses and dishes and a dishwasher!. The master bath is also enormous with a full soaker tub and stand up glass shower. There's a nice table with chairs or a big desk for working with your computer.  Balconies are large and on the upper floors have great views.  I have never heard any noise from adjacent rooms.Our room has always been spotless and housekeeping keeps the hallways nice, without piles of room service dishes and dirty linens. It is a bit of a walk to the main MGM casino but it's all indoors and air conditioned. Plus you get a $50 restaurant credit we usually use at Wolfgang Puck. The walk back is good after a big meal.The one thing to keep in mind is that with all valet parking plan a little bit ahead. First one ready should head down and turn the ticket in, that way the car will be there when everyone has decided what to wear!
5	Why did I not stay here before.  I got two rooms, delux balcony on 35th floor, man what a view, great amenaties, two seprate showers, two bathrooms, a large whirlpool tub, good Wi-Fi. Exelent customer service. What problems we had were quickly delt with and comped. Will Definitely stay again. I would suggest joining mlife rewards for booking, and if you like slots, playing myVegas through mlife for free comps.  Ask for your  cooking utinsels when you check in, the don't keep them in the rooms, and they are all real sized, not mini, and very clean.  The T.V. is cool, but not very many channels who realy goes to vegas to watch tv anyway. The Pools are gigantic, and have a lazy river with tons of beds and seating with umbrellas and refreshments all around.  The resort is family friendly too, you have to go through a secure walkway to get to the towers using your keycard from the hotel, keeping outside traffic to a min.Hardly had to wait for an elevator, and usually it went all the way up no stops. A+ in my book.
1	After having already left a negative review, and after speaking with the director of operations Mr. Levi Rogers, who assured me that he would personally respond to a conversation and try to make up for the deficiencies in my stay, even Mr. Rogers fell short and was actually unable to even send an email. Apparently the director of operations can't send emails or follow through on his word. As such, it seems relatively clear why his staff has no personal service as well. I guess If I could not follow through on my word with a simple email response, I would probably hide and hang my head in shame too.
4	Be warned this hotel is not like most Vegas hotels.  The signature is off the beaten path, there are no restaurants open late for food!  Thus, in Room Dining $17 for burger and fries - it was okay.  But there was also a $5 convenience fee added, plus tip!  We dialed up at 8:30 p.m. because the restaurant in tower two closed at 8 p.m., Starbucks in Tower 1 closes at 5 p.m. Regular coffee is $4 and an espresso was $5.50.$25 plus tax resort fee is for water/coffee in the room and internet.Rate $160The room itself is fabulous.  I love the kitchen (you have to call housekeeping to get dishes and cookware.  The is ample outlets, a desk with a TV that pops up in the bedroom.  Two closets and safe deposit.The bathrooms.  Yes two bathrooms - one with toilet and shower and the other a room with shower and the most amazing of tubs.  Large enough for this big mama and her tall hubby - together!  (If that was TMI sorry - but you'll want to know you can both get in ..... because the pool closes at 8 p.m. too early IMHO and the Big Pool at the Grand closes at .... 5 p.m.! Times they have changed.  It feels like inside a mall!  I make my way 15 minuets from tower 3 to greet the slot machines.  Mind you it was lovely inside temp very cool.  Although one day in and I started to really miss fresh moist air.I would stay again just for the GREAT mattress, GREAT tub, and the kitchen.  I was able to head over to Sprouts!  Spend $80 on groceries and eat for just about a week - including salads and healthy stuf.Drink AS MUCH WAS as you can will in Nevada!
2	This used to be a stunning hotel.  Unfortunately, it hasn't changed since then.  They seem to be comfortable letting it fall into disrepair and just charge less and less for it.  I remember when this was $350 a night and it is now down to $120 a night pretty easily and I should have known this was for a reason.  They say you pay for your neighbors and this place has gone downhill.  Pot smoking, noisy night, etc.  TVs in the room were spotty, one of the phones didn't work.  It was a great stay regardless, but just know that it certainly is not "signature" anymore.  If I could do it again, I'd just stay at the MGM proper.Also, with all of the talk of "free" valet, they do charge an extortion fee, sorry, I mean resort fee which more than covers whatever valet would cost elsewhere.  Few things annoy me more than resort fees.  It is the definition of a hidden fee.I love the fact that its connected to the MGM and all of its services and such.
1	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Just returned from a 4 day stay at the MGM Signature.  We've stayed at the MGM a few times before but chose the Signature because this trip we were bringing the kids along with us and like the fact that the rooms were bigger and away from the smoky casino. When I was researching hotels one of the things that stood out to me on the Signature MGM website was the fact that they had a marketing special offer for a early check in as early as 9am and a late checkout offer as late as 3pm.  I LOVED this offer!  For an additional $20 for the early check in and $20 for the late checkout.  I called the Signature direct to book our stay and told them I wanted the early check in and late checkout.  When I called the night  before to confirm my reservation (which I always do...never want to arrive somewhere only to find they don't have record of your reservation!) they confirmed that I could check in at 9am.  This was great because I planned our flight to arrive in Las Vegas at 9:20am looking forward to having a whole day at the pool and shopping.  Here's where it gets ugly.  We arrive at the Signature at 10am....3 kids and my husband and I.  When I go to the front desk the lady says, sorry ma'am, we don't start check in until 3pm.  I explain that I purchased the early check in for 9am and again she says, sorry ma'am we are still working cleaning rooms from our guests last night.  She seemed to have no knowledge of any type of 'early check in' special that i had purchased.  She says, you can wait and give me your cell number and as soon as a room is available I will call you.  I ask if she has any idea how long it will be and she says, sorry ma'am I don't because housekeeping isn't on the property on this time.  WHAT!? Hands me a few key cards to use the pool and tells me that they have me in a room in Tower 1 but the pool in tower 1 is Adult only so I'll need to use the pools at the other towers....WHAT!  Why would they put our family in tower 1 knowing we have kids.  Whatever.  So we wait in the lobby patiently for 15 minutes.  Not impressed with the first customer service lady that I talked with, I decided to approach another counter agent thinking maybe he'll be more helpful.  WRONG!  Just as bad as the first lady..maybe worse.  As I try to explain the early 9am check in I purchased he says, sorry we're still cleaning rooms from last night and we don't start check in unit 3pm.  Is anyone hearing me?!   I try to explain again my early check in and condescendingly he says, well who did you talk to about that?  I said, it's on your website.  He says well ok I'll have to talk with my manager about that so that they can take it off because we can't guarantee a 9am check in. I said, well I would like to talk to your manager.  He says, no, I said I will let my manager know about your issues.  I said, NO, I would like to speak to your manager myself so I can explain what's going on.  He said, ok fine. He comes back and says my manager will be right with you.  I wait for 15 minutes as I'm watching this manager on her computer.  Doesn't look like she's going to help me anytime soon so I walk over and sit right in front of her on the couch.  FINALLY, she lifts her head up from the computer and says can I help you?  Ugh!  I said yes, I purchased an early check in via your website and I'm being told that you cannot accommodate.  She says, sorry but we don't start check in until 3pm ma'am.  Haven't I heard this before?  These front desk agents just repeat the same line over and over.  I was really hoping to get something different from the Asst. Front Office Manager Ms. Cordero but nope!!  Same thing!  I tell her that I would be much more understanding of the situation if just one of her staff members (including her) would have across more apologetic, helpful, understanding, etc., but not one of them came across this way.  She says I can put a rush on housekeeping and call you when your room is ready that's all she can do for me.  She says she'll need to contact her marketing dept. to explain that they can't accommodate an early 9am check in so the special I purchased shouldn't even be listed.  You know what, Ms. Cordero?  I'm the customer.  I don't care what you need to do to remedy the situation between your front desk and the Marketing Department nor do I need to stand here and listen to YOUR problems.  I want to know what your going to do for ME because my family has booked our airline arrival around your early check in promise.  I ask her, do you have an estimate on when our room will be ready so we can plan if we should go very far?  She says, "sorry I can't give you a time because if we don't meet that time you will be even more upset".  I almost had to laugh at this point.  Seriously?  OH MY GOSH. Finally, I figure let's just get the kids to the pool and try to make the best of this horrible check in situation. Room was ok but based on Customer Service we WON'T be back!!!
4	Nice hotel. Large rooms. Update rooms. Clean hallways and friendly staff. The valet is convenient compared to other hotels. The pool / lazy river is fun. Only bad the hotel is a little far from the strip. Well worthy it.
1	The Signature at MGM was, until recently, one of the best secrets and finest all service 5 star condo style hotels in Vegas. We have stayed here many times with and without our kids. We are fans of MGM and M Life properties generally and this was our go to place. This trip, however, it was different and everything has changed.The hotel staff are horrendous and could care less about their jobs or the guests experience. They are petulant and entitled. The facility is aging and many of the once luxury features are inoperable, outdated, and in need of repair.This trip, upon our checking in, we found soiled linens in our room and left over house keeping items strewn around our bathroom. The inefficient and barely effective housekeeping staff was still cleaning nearby rooms at 10pm. Construction started outside our room at 7:30am. Directly in front of our door!!! When we discovered a water leak in our room (next to and under the bed) we had to call down twice to get it looked at. The puddle was so big, we sloshed around when we tried to walk to the washroom. The blower fan they brought up to air dry the 'lake' was less than useful and highly annoying. At one point the elevators to our room had to be closed due to 'an incident'. What a joy trying to get to the 26 floor with our kids. On top of all of this, we had several issues with the billing. When we tried to sort it out and get clarification, we were met with standoffish front desk staff who were more concerned about us eating into their freaking lunch break (actually said as much).  Sad this has happened, but until new management can get things under control and restore greatness to this hotel, we will be staying elsewhere. So should you.
5	MGM signature has all the things you could want in a condo-hotel! The rooms are beautiful and the amenities like the Starbucks in the lobby are great!!! Friendly staff as well. It's one of the most affordable high rise condo hotels to buy. Studios units here start in the high 100s and offer some jaw dropping views of the strip! You can live here full time or you can put your unit into the condo hotel program and start making money right away! If you want an investment property that could be your permeant residence don't look anywhere else! Call/txt/email me for showings! Marissa@kingofcondos.net
5	What an amazing experience this was for my first time in Vegas. I am SO beyond happy that I decided to stay at the Signature. All the staff was very pleasant, the amazing pool was awesome ( they have a lazy river) and I really enjoyed that we were able to cross over to the grand at anytime without going outside. I will definitely be returning to this hotel the next visit I make. The tub was absolutely luxurious, the shower was HUGE, and the bed was incredibly comfortable. I reserved a deluxe suite and it had everything I could imagine.  A mini fridge/freezer, a toaster, a blender, and a stove top! Thank you MGM Signature for an awesome first time experience!
1	I dont know where to begin. Ill start with customer service how can a hotel this beautiful and elegant hire people that dont care about customer service. Maybe its the managers who dont implement it, but one thing I know when I come to vegas venetian and palazzo go above and beyond for their customers. Second their food wow. I love my chicken wings with ranch. But not waterred down ranch. I ordered chicken tenders with chipotle sauce waterred down. Today I ordered nachos with steak I spent 15 on nachos with over cooked steak and horrible presentation. The server did not ask to change it what do they care about they get a pay check at the end of their shift. I would never come to the signature again big mistake.
4	Solid 4 stars.  It's not the Four Seasons but it is very good. SHORT lines (or none at all) for checking in. This is rare in Vegas.  I have waited 30 minutes at other resorts. Rooms are very clean and modern. Not super luxurious but very nice all around. We had a one bedroom suite, on a holiday weekend, for under $200 a night.  They have good views (strip) and horrible views (airport) so if view matters to you ask about this. The only negative is it's not "on" the strip. It's a solid 5 minutes to get to the edge of the MGM property, through a long tunnel, and then a good 10 minutes to walk through the MGM to the strip.  So it's a walk but felt safe in the tunnel. Or you can walk the side street (Harmon) which is a shorter walk but sketchy at night.  We did the side street each for breakfast as it was much closer. For example, within 5-10 minutes you are inside the Planet Hollywood shopping mall and to me that's about the center of the strip. The Signature has pools if you like a quiet time (each tower has a pool). Or you can walk the 5 minutes to the MGM pool with the lazy river. That's what we did and it was great every day!  Five stars at the pool for sure!  The MGM itself has tons of restaurants, bars and of course huge casino.
4	This was an awesome hotel! We had a view of the airport and of the strip. Beautiful balcony, sitting area, two bathrooms, and a kitchen. Everything was very updated and modern. Only complaints were that it was a walk to the strip, but the monorail was in the MGM which is connected, so that wasn't bad. Also the pools were ridiculously crowded at the MGM. The Signature pool wasn't crowded, but it was just a pool, whereas the MGM's was a lazy river, volleyball and tons of pools. Also the business center was mega expensive. We just wanted to print our boarding passes and it would have cost at least $10. But other than that service was great, the rooms were clean and modern, and super spacious. We would go back for sure!!
1	***BEWARE OF BED BUGS AT SUITES IN SIGNATURE AT MGM GRAND!!!  DO NOT RECOMMEND BOOKING THROUGH LAS VEGAS SUITES!***I booked two luxury suites for my friend's bachelorette party.  We were more than excited as the price was reasonable and the suites included a lot of great amenities.  Everyone was more than happy with the rooms until my friend started getting hives the day after we arrived.  Since no one else in her room was immediately affected, we thought she was having an allergic reaction to something else.After the group departed Vegas and returned home, my friend confirmed with a doctor that her and her family members contracted bed bugs.  I immediately contacted Las Vegas Suites, who also confirmed the room was positive for bed bugs.  In this type of situation, I would expect sincere apologies, great customer service, and ample compensation for damages.  However, I received none of the above.  I did not once receive an apology and I had to continue to follow-up to get in contact with someone here.I finally spoke to the general manager, Krystle, who explained the best they could do was credit me back $100.  $100 FROM A $2,800 BILL.  Clearly, this wasn't going to cut it so they offered me a total of $200...not so awesome.  I'm still working with them and now the Signature at MGM as to what they can do to help with this situation.  I hope the management at Signature at MGM will be better than the company I booked through and look into dropping Las Vegas Suites as a property management partner altogether.
1	*DO NOT BOOK THROUGH LUXURY SUITES INTERNATIONAL OR HOTELCLUB.COM!!!!*I liked the hotel and the SIGNATURE HOTEL STAFF very much, but dealing with LSI is making me rethink staying at this hotel again. I booked the hotel through hotelclub.com, and I had no idea that the room was booked through LSI, a third party. This was later disclosed to me by a very courteous SIGNATURE front desk staff when I tried to request early check-in. The front desk agent called LSI for me, as he could not help me, and when I got on the phone, the LSI agent told me I had to pay $25 for checking in 2.5 hours early!! Although flummoxed, I paid because my party was exhausted from the drive. Later in the room, my friend requested extra towels (because, girls being girls, we need lots of towels), which had to be done through LSI, and we were denied. My friend was asked by the LSI agent how many were staying in the room, and the agent told my friend we had sufficient amount of towels! From that point on, we all decided not to deal with LSI by not requesting any more services.   On the morning of our last day, I had to call LSI to request late check-out, knowing that I probably would have to pay for it again, and I was right! The person on the phone quoted me $35 to check out by 3 pm. I was glad that she offered check out at 12 pm without charge, because I had had enough of their rude service. Then around 11 am, a housekeeping staff, an LSI one, tried to enter our room to clean it. The housekeeping staff clearly had no idea we were checking out later, and he seemed liked he was inconvenienced that we were still in the room. All in all, the room, the Signature staff, and the MGM amenities were great, but partnering with another site management such as LSI definitely lowers MGM's credibility and brand. I'm sure all the other 1-star reviewers booked their rooms through LSI unbeknownst to them.
5	I know that for most guys heading to Vegas with their friends, Hotel Rooms don't really matter.  I mean we've all seen the Hangover, where one of the characters, I believe Stu, says that you don't even really stay at your hotel rooms.  However, albeit true, staying at a nice hotel definitely lifts your spirits up even more and makes Vegas a even more enjoyable experience.  And with that being said, the Signature is truly one of the nicest yet affordable hotels that you can stay at.So, I mean there are some cons to staying here.  First, being that it's not located right on the Strip, and Second, there's no casino inside the Signature.  Yet, if you're the type who doesn't like sniffing the smell of nicotine, while returning to your hotel room or you just want to avoid the large crowd of LV, there's no better place than the Signature.  Plus, the MGM is not too far away, and you can't get there pretty easily through access ways.  Finally, what I enjoyed the most about the Signature was that the room, at least the one I stayed at, had a balcony.  Also, if you book a larger room, the room also comes with a kitchen, so that's an added bonus.
2	This is generally the go to spot for me in Vegas and have stayed here countless times, but this time it felt a little off. We checked in this past August 2014 for my wedding and had 19 nights booked with 6 - 1 bedroom hotel rooms. The rooms were starting to appear very lived in and there haven't been any changes to the hotel in over 7 years, basically the hotel is starting to show its age. While staying there two separate rooms had issues with the televisions, one was fixed promptly and the second took over 24 hours to fix which was unacceptable. The final complaint that I have is, again this was for my wedding, is that we called for fresh towels; they took quite some time after ordering them so me and my newly wife did as most newly wed couples would do on their honey moon, without getting too descriptive, but prior to this we had put the do not disturb sign on the door- needless to say the hotel employee walked in on me and my new wife consummating our marriage.
4	Love love love this hotel,  will stay here every time!  For $109 a night it's well worth it!  Came with a kitchenette,  stove top,  micro,  fridge,  DVD player,  kid friendly with the pull out couch,  pool was super close,  good restaurants and food court! The only reason for 4 stars is there is quite a walk to the main casino and strip, worth it though to be away from all the craziness and it's non smoking!  I'm not into the gambling side of Vegas so being tucked back was awesome to me! Room was clean and well stocked! All the staff we came in contact with are amazing helpful and treated us like high rolling celebrities!
5	Easy check in and check out, valet was really quick and almost always parked my car out front because I was in and out so frequently.The room itself was nice, outdated by 5-7 years lol but very well kept. We had the 2 bedroom penthouse and it felt like living in an apartment. Pretty good views too considering we were off the strip. Oh and there's a Starbucks downstairs too. 5-10 min walk to MGM grand or the food court. Overall a very nice place to stay, especially when you consider how little they charge compared to others directly on the strip.
1	I just spent the last weekend here for my wedding. The majority of my wedding party stayed here as well. We had 5 suites total. I was initially impressed when walking through the lobby but upon reaching my suite was thoroughly disappointed. The floors were dirty and there was hair and crumbs on the floor from the previous guest. I had to have housekeeping come in and clean our rooms right at check in. I thought it was just my room but found out from my wedding guest that their rooms were also dirty. The television's didn't work in 3 of the 5 rooms and the 2 rooms that did have working televisions were fuzzy and hard to watch. I stayed here through MGM Signature and not Luxury Suites. Just when I thought my stay couldn't get worse, they messed up at checkout and attempted to charge us for $450 more for our stay and the front desk lady argued with me when I was trying to explain that they made a mistake. After 30 minutes of having to pull all our receipts and payments for our room they discovered THEIR mistake and compt us for $80 of our stay but not after I was thoroughly pissed and embarrassed. My family, friends and I will not be staying here again.
5	Early check in and easy check out. Balcony suite with kitchenette and spa tub. Nice and quiet. Room always stocked. Not even 10 min walk to MGM or strip. We will Definitely stay there again!!!
4	Great stay, great location. I like that the rooms are a large size equipped with a kitchen: microwave, stove top, fridge, kitchen cupboards, toaster etc. Service was top notch, amazing. Only complaint was that we had to ask twice to get dishes brought up and they only stock the coffee and cream with the bare minimum. You have to get it replenished each day or ask for several days worth in advance. Loved the full walk in shower and large sunken jacuzzi tub! Loved that the signature has three private pools, with access to the main pools. I would also say this place is probably great for kids. Two of the private pools are all ages and we saw a handful of kids enjoying it. This is more of a mellow hotel. The Starbucks inside and the one restaurant inside was great for easy breakfast. There is easy access to the monorail, which we took full advantage of!Enjoy!
5	Best hotel we have ever stayed at!! Will recommend to everyone and anyone!!! You are right on the strip with out being within the chaotic drunks and craziness!  THE BEST FRONT OFFICE STAFF EVER!!! Cant wait to return and enjoy another pleasant stay.
3	Ridic great room- We were surprised when we got this place for only $90 /night bc it had a full kitchen and was a great location. Room itself was awesome, easily 5 stars but collectively this experience was 3. The room wasn't clean when we got there, beds were made but the bathroom still had previous person's things in the shower, personal notes, receipts, change etc on the counters, urine on one of the toilet seats.. Just clear that the room wasn't clean. 2 bathrooms, huge jacuzzi tub, awesome view, awesome bed.. Just sucked bc it wasn't clean. The shower wouldn't drain and so I called maintenance- they never came to fix it.When we went down to get our car, i saw a valet guy jump into a car and gas it around a corner into the parking garage like it was nascar WITH THE DOOR OPEN & HIS FOOT HANGING OUT .. My bf and I just looked at each other like .. Did he really just do that? And in front of hotel guests ? Wow. So when he came back up to the hotel I said 'so do you drive all the guests' cars like that?' And he literally laughed and said 'no. Why? You afraid I'm going to drive yours like that?' I said 'uh yeah. Of course I am' he laughed again and said that was his friends car .. Or something. I was so mad. I talked to the manger. He was shocked at all of it, offered us vouchers for lunch and VIP to a club. Said he would check into the valet guy and would have the toon cleaned. Never heard anything else about the valet guy and room was never cleaned. There was more wrong but I've written enough
4	My friends and I stayed in a junior suite here for three nights. It's a gorgeous hotel; the rooms seem to be nicer than at the main MGM Grand.The bed was big and comfy. It has a huge bathroom with a tub, large shower and separate room for the toilet. I guess this is more geared towards couples than a few guys on a trip together... There's a little TV in the bathroom too, so your boob tube addiction doesn't go unfed.Each tower has its own pool and they all seem to be interconnected with outdoor paths. There were plenty of lounge chairs available, a bar (I assume there's one at each pool as well) and plenty of towels. Definitely a more laid back environment than the main pool or Wet Republic, which isn't a bad thing when you just want to chill out in the sun and not be completely surrounded by a bunch of meat heads and bros. Another reason to stay here instead of the MGM would be the line ups - I never saw the line up at the MGM shorter than 50 people, probably more. The only time I saw any people at all queued to check in/out at the Signature was on a Friday evening before a big music festival at the MGM, and even then it was just a handful.Some minor negatives that didn't factor in much are that it is a bit of a walk to get to the main part of the MGM, about a 10m brisk walk from Tower 2 to the main MGM lobby, a bit less to the hub of restaurants and bars in The District. Also, the fire pits are only available during the hours when the pool is open, until 8pm and must be turned on by the hotel maintenance crew, who are generally busy doing other things. 1. There's absolutely no point in having the fire pit on when its +30C in the *daylight* and 2. you're never going to wrangle someone down to get in on anyway.All in all though, the Signature was a fantastic choice and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, if/when I return to Vegas.
3	Let me start by saying that I'm very disappointed with the short stay here at The Signature.. I really had high hopes for this place but once again I went against the grain and ignored some of the slightly bad reviews of this place prior to booking it with high hopes that Id have a better experience than what I did! I booked this hotel last minute through the Hyatt Platinum Members line requesting a suite with a balcony on a high floor. Now that Hyatt has partnered with all of the MGM properties people who belong faithfully to the Hyatt program can now earn points when you stay at certain properties in vegas! Of course I understand that the hotels in general will accommodate you with your request based on availability.. Fair.. I pull up and it can be a bit confusing at first because the hotel is located on a small side street (E Harmon) when you get to the guard you have to let him know you have reservations and need to check in, they then will give you a paper with your last name on it and assign you a TOWER.. Being there is 3 I was assigned the Tower #1. Security was pleasant and so was valet however here is where tables turn.. I walk in and there are two windows open I am greeted with a very DRY "can I help you sir" from front desk agent Francisco.. He had to be one of the WORST front desk agents I've ever encountered in vegas.. No smiles.. Very monotone voice.. And when I asked him questions he seemed bothered. That turned me completely off. I thought who the hell hired him because he should never be the face of The Signatures front desk..  Constantly saying "Sir" in the wrong time can become a bit condescending and for that I should give 2 stars but I can't because to be fair the room was gorgeous! I know they teach proper guest standards and using the guest last name not SIR every other word.. I had an okay floor with a nice strip view! My last complaint is that you cannot call downstairs ahead of time to request your car.. Seriously?! The guy who checked me out explained because they are a small property they can't do call aheads for valet.. I guess.. Unsure if I'd ever stay here again! I had one good representative my entire stay that's terrible! It should've been from start to finish.. Period! You guys have to do way better!
5	Back again! This time we got a 1-bedroom suite on the 35th floor of Tower 2 (Room 720) - hence the 1 star upgrade as well.  We usual get a strip facing room, but went for the poolside and actually loved it. Wet Republic kept me entertained day and night, but that is another review!I took a zillion pics of the room. Fixed the bad bathroom lighting by moving the bedside lamps to the vanity in MY ginormous bathroom equipped with two vanities, tub for 5+, shower and private water closet. My b/f said the small bathroom off the living was nice and functional. It's two rooms with a full kitchen. What I LOVED was all the closet space. I turned the closets in the living room into a shoe closet (see pics) and used the one in the bedroom for my clothes. I took the silverware sorter from the kitchen and used it as a makeup caddy in the bathroom; worked like a charm! The most usable bathroom storage ever in a bathroom in Vegas. It does get crazy hot in the mornings on this side of the building, so if you want to sit outside in the am, be aware. Loved the view of the Grand Pool Complex (more pics on that review). Tower 2 is fantastic because you can still go out the back - we walked to the Cosmopolitan for dinner at STK. About a 7 minute walk. Love my rollup-shoes!  The bed was super comfy, the room had plenty of blackout shades and the roll-up tv in the desk was cool, but never used - we're not in Vegas to watch TV!We pretty much spend all day, and I mean all day, at the pool; then, go to clubs at night. Love that there is a Starbucks in Tower 1 and that little cafe Delights in Tower 2. Couple of things that sucked about the room, but not enough to dock stars this visit because other that the following the room was awesome:1) The slider was so hard to open that my b/f had to do it for me each time and he said his veins bulged in his arm when he opened it - Seen his pics? Should have not been an issue ;).  2) the TV won't turn off in the bathroom unless you push the GFC button on the electrical switch, as this is where my lamp was plugged in, I had to push reset to turn the lamp on. 3) WHY THE HECK ARE THERE NO ROBE HOOKS IN THE BATHROOM!!!!!? 4) bathroom lighting sucks.DOS: 8/28 - 9/2/2014Links to my related previous reviews - more & updates on the way:Grand Pool Complexhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-pool-complex-las-vegas?hrid=Z-No0npK2EiyZAtRygaxJgHakkasan Night Clubhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/hakkasan-nightclub-las-vegas?hrid=1rN6uGIV82-rTZzJ0AVPqQWet Republichttp://www.yelp.com/biz/wet-republic-ultra-pool-las-vegas?hrid=dim7jHTr8AKxuzd2DlvR4QDelightshttp://www.yelp.com/biz/delights-las-vegas?hrid=UtDg4NwNxwa62EPpBIgVog
5	This hotel, although not directly on the strip, was fabulous. It sits behind the MGM, so it makes for a little bit of a walk to get to the strip, but well worth it. We were on the 37th (penthouse) floor and had a spectacular view of the strip.The lobby was very welcoming. The staff at the front desk were both friendly and helpful. The cleaning crews were meticulous, efficient and very friendly.Our room was very large, beautifully furnished, very comfortable, and exceptionally clean! We had a king bed, HUGE bathroom with large jetted tub, sitting area furnished with a couch, chairs, and table that leads out to a very large veranda, a kitchenette that includes a refrigerator (medium sized, not one of those little tiny ones), sink, stove top, microwave, coffee maker and a blender. The bed was very comfortable. All linens very crisp and clean.The pool area was great. Lots of covered tables. Full food and drink service. The only bummer about the pool area is that is closes so early. We would have liked to sit in the hot tub in the evening, but it closes at 8:00. (This was the only thing during our 5 day stay that we found we were disappointed in.)Travel tip.... look on VRBO for the best prices! You can get a screaming deal on a penthouse suite.
4	If you're looking for sun and relaxing WITHOUT KIDS instead of partying this is your pool! The Signature has 3 towers, and also 3 pools located different from the sun. So sun and shade is always possible but you have to be willing to move from pool to pool, hoping for a spot. In the months we're here (mostly late May and late September) pool 1 has the most sun hours, pool 2 the most shade. pool 2 and 3 are adjacent. Occupancy is about 80 persons a pool. In the weekends we've experienced several times that pool 1 was full.Because 90% of our stays is in tower 1 I will mostly share my experiences of this pool.Pool 1 has different furniture than pools 2 and 3. I believe it was last year that they replaced the old furniture that is still in use in 2 and 3. There is sun and light music all day. In the weekends drowned in the screaming and beats from the Wet Republic. Visitors are all hotel guests, so over 21 =). And mostly between 30-60. So a little older crowd.Depending on the time of year they open between 8-9am and close between 5-7pm. Smoking is not allowed (anymore), but outside the gate you still can and you'll find nice chairs and benches. Starting at 11-12am the have a full food and drink service. Not very cheap, but quality of the food is excellent.The only thing I really do not like is the quantity of umbrellas. Way, way to few. And hello, this is the dessert! If you ask me there should be a law forcing hotels to provide enough (free) shade and umbrellas. A few years ago they even made you pay $35 for an umbrella. Like I'm not paying enough already for my room and the extra fee to use the pool, gym and newspapers. Ridiculous! Luckily they stopped this. But 8-10 free umbrellas for the whole pool is not much. We just make sure we're on time to sit under an umbrella. Because of the jetlag, most of the times we wake up very early, so no problem.And excuse any grammar and spelling mistakes. English is not my first language. And if that isn't bad enough, my Apple device keeps changing words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you've guessed right, my first language.
5	Great place to stay at. BOOK YOUR ROOM EARLY. Trust me. 2 bedroom suite is a must if you're going with a group of people.
4	The boy and I went to Vegas and stayed for 4 nights in July. Neither of us had ever been so I made sure to do tons of research on just about everything: shows, food, and where to stay. I read the reviews on here for The Signature and I just felt like it was the place for us. I'm 23, the boy is 25, and we're not really into the "Oh my gosh, I'm 21, LET'S PARTY" nonsense. Keep those hoodlums away from us! (Kidding, but seriously.)This hotel is absolutely beautiful and way more laid back than the others, as we basically went in every one on the strip. We got a deal on the website, which I think was around $100 a night (not including the $25ish resort fee per day) plus a $50 comp for food in The Signature or the MGM Grand itself. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me. My cousin was also in Vegas at the time and stayed at a hotel on the strip (maybe the Bellagio?) and we saw his room and I actually liked ours better. More space, had a balcony (for about the same price he paid without one), and the bathroom, specifically the tub, was WAY better. This hotel is technically off the strip but that means it's fairly quiet, not super crazy, and you'll actually be able to sleep at night. It does have hallways that connect to the MGM Grand which makes it pretty convenient to get on the strip without walking in the heat. As long as you don't mind some exercise, the location really isn't a problem.The front desk staff was welcoming and helpful. The valet workers were always nice. The clean up staff always did a fantastic job! We had a room in Tower 2 with a king bed. The bed was amazingly comfy and I slept so well! There was also a kitchenette with a toaster, mini fridge, and sink. A desk, couch, and coffee table were also in the room. The bathroom was HUGE! It had a huge tub with jets which was like, heaven. The shower was also a great size as were the counters. You got double sinks and a separate little room for the toilet. Coffee and organic tea (yep, thank you Jesus!) were provided after each cleaning.I really enjoyed staying at The Signature because everyone working there was fantastic. However, with that being said, I do have a few minor complaints, which is why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars. When I checked in, I knew I would have to pay up front the rest of the nights (they only charge you for one night when you book to save your space I suppose). I knew roughly the cost, after adding the other nights and resort fees, but I had NO idea they were going to charge me $100+ for liability. The lady at the front desk explained to me what it was, saying it's basically a safety net for them in case we trashed the place, which I'm sure happens quite often in Vegas. I totally understood, but just wish that had appeared somewhere in the booking process or in the confirmation e-mail I received. I received all of that money back about 3-5 business days after we left. I totally understand why we had to pay it, just didn't like that it was sprung on me.Also, and I'm sure this is going to be the fact at just about any hotel near the Strip, but I wish there was an option to park my own car. My boyfriend and I actually were taking a cross-country trip so we had my truck. It was so annoying to have to wait each time we wanted to go somewhere because the valet had to get it. Not to mention you have to tip them every time they take your car or bring it to you! It just got a little expensive. I'd much rather do the work myself and walk to my car.Despite those two minor flaws, I'd definitely stay here again. It was nice to be on the strip, in the commotion, during the day then retreat to this quiet hotel at night. Unless I find another hotel that is slightly off the strip and quiet like The Signature, the boy and I are definitely always going to book here.
3	My friends and I stayed two nights at the hotel.  The part I liked the best was the huge bathroom with a shower and huge jacuzzi tub.  I decided to see how the tub was with the jets, and two of the jets shot water up and across onto the wall.  We were also missing a knob.  If you like to work out the gym is pretty awesome, except it's warm.  There is one bar to do curls with, free weights, elliptical, treadmill, some machine weights, and cold wet towels as well as green apples.  There wasn't anything spectacular about the hotel.  I wish there were more outlets around the bed, or plugs within the lamps.  Our ipod dock also had a mashed up button.It has a kitchenette, fridge, microwave, LG tv.  The TV guide didn't match up with the stations. I selected E and ended up with Bloomberg.  I was in Arizona right before and stayed at a hotel at a fraction of the price and had more tv stations, free wifi, free breakfast, and parking, and a tv that matched up with the stations.I don't like resort fees.  Your resort fee of $15 includes water bottles, newspaper, a clean room, valet parking, wifi and use of the gym which closes early as well as the pool which closes at 7.  If this is Vegas, the city that doesn't sleep, why does the gym and pool close so early?  If I'm paying for it in this fee, I'd like to use it more frequently.It's funny to me that you can go to a cheap motel and get free wifi, but go to a more fancy one and you have to pay for it.  The only other thing I tried out in the hotel was Starbucks, which is a rip off.  I paid $3.60 for a tall iced hazlenut coffee with no cream.
3	At first glance the room looked nice; nice decor. Upon closer look, the couch seams are frayed; stain on sitting bench; stained area on wallpaper; and carpet looks a bit soiled. The mattress  is okay but my $2600 mattress at home is nicer.  Bathroom and kitchenette are very nice.  We are going to pay a little more next time and try the Venetian.
3	The Signature is a nice enough hotel. The rooms are big and the bathrooms have large jacuzzi tubs for two. The beds were comfy and we had a nice view off the strip from our room. The hotel is a bit of the strip but it's nice that the tram pick up is so close to the hotel. They have little fridges and microwaves in the room along with a range stop stove. You could cook a full meal here. Customer service was just ok. We had a large group and the front desk did not try to work with us on our requests to be near each other. They put our friends in a regular room after they paid for an upgrade. It was a nice hotel but I would prob try somewhere else in the future.
5	This hotel was fabulous and the staff were a pleasure to work with. We arrived at the hotel around midnight and the front desk staff greeted us with smiles and they went above and beyond for us. We was in tower 2 on the 37th floor and the view was to die for. Our one bedroom suite was flawless and everything was outstanding.  Anything you needed they made sure you received it. I love how each tower connected and how they all had a different theme, scent and flower arrangements. We also loved how it connect to the MGM grand. I stayed here for 7 days and I have no complaints. We would call housekeeping at 2am and they would come to assist us with smiles. This is by far the best hotel I've every stayed in and when I return to Vegas I'll be staying here again.
4	We are here and are staying for 5 nights! It is a great hotel and perfect for my kids and I! We have never been here before so there is something I wish I knew! The m life card gets you discounts! So I thought this card comes in the mail and I missed out on having it, but a lady just told me that you go get it in the casino and I should have been showing everyone it! I have already spent like $2000 without it! Make sure you pick that card up! Besides the lack of knowledge of just being a new visitor it's a great place! The lazy river is amazing! My daughter is allergic to the pool right on this property, not sure what the difference is but something!I don't have my receipts but I know for next time!
3	Pros: Great service, jacuzzi tub, balcony, spacious rooms, comfy bed, free wifiCons: No early check in, not many places closeby (only a small deli and Starbucks in the towers that close early)Enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The suite is pretty average looking with no fancy embellishments, but it's comfortable. I enjoyed the privacy and lack of huge lines for taxi/crowds from casinos. My only real gripe, which isn't particularly really their fault, is that our room was right next to the elevators and we could hear them moving all night which made it hard to sleep.So I'd recommend this hotel for a comfortable and quiet stay with reasonable prices. Nothing flashy or super classy. Just request a room not next to the elevators.
4	The Signature at the MGM is another great place to stay. The hotel is a smoke free hotel and that was a huge plus for us. The staff were all wonderful and friendly. Another good thing was that it was connected to the MGM so you walk through the towers.Our room UPH( upper penthouse) was on the 38th floor with a beautiful view .The room was very nice and up to date. It has a wonderful king size bed with a pull out couch bed. The bathroom had a jacuzzi, shower, and  his and her's sink and small flat screen tv. The room also has a small kitchen area. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 star was that the housekeeping was lacking. We had to call 3 times for towels. Another than that The Signature is great place, and I would stay with them again in the future since Vegas is our second home.
4	Just went to the Signature this weekend and really enjoyed the whole experience. The hotel is a smoke free hotel and it is connected to the MGM through an indoor walk way.  Our room was on the 34th. It was a 2 Bedroom 3 Bath suit with full kitchen and balcony. The room was very nice and up to date. The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 star is because they don't offer airport pick up and the hotel itself doesn't have any place to really eat. They just have a Starbuck and a little deli. I will defiantly stay there again.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! this place! You can usually find amazing deals on this hotel if you book using an mlife card. The rooms are very nice. Big rooms, big bathrooms, great amenities. Super comfy beds. Even the pull out queen size sofa bed is comfortable. I usually book a balcony suite when I stay here. Floor to ceiling windows with amazing strip views. Kitchenette in the room as well with a decent size smaller fridge. Great if you don't feel like eating out, or if you are trying to stay on a budget. Part of the MGM hotel, but separate. Non smoking, and no casino. Relaxing environment to recharge your batteries before hitting the casino scene again
3	My husband and I have been to Vegas at least a dozen times, and this was our least favorite hotel stay. There were several things we found lacking:--Proximity to the Strip. It's a long walk from Tower 2 to the MGM Grand and then to the Strip. Now, don't get me wrong--I have a Fitbit and appreciate getting credit for all the steps, but on top of all the other walking in Vegas to get from place to place, just getting back to the room is a chore. You can't just run up to your room to drop something off or grab a jacket. --Access to amenities. My husband loves casino hotels that have 24-hour sundry shops. He likes to stop in for a beer and snacks before heading back to the room. There's nothing like that at the Signature, other than a small vending machine on Floor 2 (we were on the 32nd floor). Not even a Coke machine on any other floor than Floor 2. And there's no express elevator so it's a long ride.--Room quality. When we arrived, our TV and remote were both broken. We were going to watch a movie one evening but couldn't because the remote wouldn't work, and even the power button on the TV was broken. We had to unplug the TV to turn it off. This was fixed the next day. On our final night, the toilet broke. Thank god it flushed, but it took about 30 minutes to fill the tank, so you could only use the toilet once every 30 minutes. --Housekeeping. Our housekeeper didn't show up the second day. We were gone from about 9:30 to 3. My husband called and then they said they'd come at 6:30. That would've been fine if the housekeeper hadn't come by at 5 to clean the room, just as I was about to get in the shower. She hadn't heard about the 6:30 cleaning time. --On the morning of our departure, again while I was just about to shower, someone (I presume hotel staff) came by and rang the doorbell at 9:30am. Thank goodness we were up, but I was still in my pajamas. When she she saw me, she said nevermind, I'll come back. WTF? Why come by all? She had some paperwork in her hand. I don't appreciate being interrupted in the morning, period.The experience wasn't completely negative. The lobby is smoke-free, and you can catch a cab there. The Signature is near the District area in MGM, so it's close to the restaurants and clubs (and the monorail). There is a small cafe but we didn't try it. Our room had a mini-fridge that wasn't stocked, which means you can put your own stuff in there (handy). Overall the room was nice, but not the nicest. There just wasn't enough of the Las Vegas experience in this hotel. We won't stay here again.
5	We booked 5 rooms for our daughter's wedding.  The front desk staff really blew it and didn't reserve our rooms on the same floor, facing the strip ( as was promised when we booked directly with the hotel two months in advance).  HOWEVER,  Audrey King, the manager, fixed everything and handled it so well that I give this place 5 stars!  She stepped in, rebooked and moved us to the appropriate tower, and truly had miraculous service recovery.About the hotel - GREAT rooms, great service staff, and we never had any issues.  The suites are like condos, comfortable beds, and no smokiness at all.Stay in tower 3 if you don't want noise - the pool by tower 1 ROCKS and the bass can be felt even on the highest floors!Tower 3 was quiet, well decorated and the staff excellent! You have to walk a bit to get to the MGM - its all inside hallways though and we enjoyed that!There are great places to eat and gamble and party at the MGM, but we frequently also went to the strip ( less than a block) and enjoyed the Bellagio fountains, all kinds of restarants, etc.Again, THANK YOU to Audrey King for ensuring our stay was perfect for this wedding!  We will never forget it!Tracy
5	We own two units at The Signature, a Jr. suite and a one bedroom. We rent them for vacation rentals but stay here often. We love The Signature ! Non smoking property. Well made, quiet and really beautiful.
4	I got here around 10:30pm, I was visited friend from out of town at tower 1. Guard gate right in front of the property make me feel safe. The hotel smells fantastic. Nice, quiet and clean. Starbucks on site is a plus! The only down fall was since I got there so late the parking attendant had mentioned I could not park my car at the valet due to I am not a hotel guest. So I have to park at MGM self-park and walk back to The signature. Good thing I wore comfy shoes that night....otherwise this review could be worse! LOL...Overall...The room is nice with large bath tub,separated shower and toilet.
5	We stayed here in Oct 2014, and I booked a one-bedroom suite through MLife. The hotel was discounted at quite a significant amount on there, so I highly recommend anyone to check it out! From McCarran airport, I'd say that the distance by car took about 15-20 minutes. Not bad at all. Initially I had called The Signature a week before to notify them that we'd be arriving to the hotel around 9am, & would like an early check-in. I had to verify several times with the woman if there would be any problems, but she assured me that the note on my account has been made and a room would be ready for me. HOWEVER, we arrived, checked-in, and Edward told us that our room was not yet ready. I informed him about our early check-in, and all he could tell me was that it was not a guarantee. Why did the woman on the phone not tell me this!?!?! We just arrived to Vegas, were tired, but luckily.... Also hungry so we left our bags with the bell-hop and went to breakfast. The Room: Edward called me after 11am to inform me our room was ready. When we opened the door to our suite, we were just so amazed beyond words. It was huge, so clean and so beautiful! Not to mention, a balcony also? The master bedroom had an amazing hot tub, shower, and two counter tops... one with a mini tv that catches the local cable. The bed in the master bedroom was so comfortable, not too firm not too soft... just right with really soft pilows! The living room area also includes a small bathroom, with a shower, toilet, and sink. This is perfect for guests because there is also a pull-out sofa bed in the room. The minimum capacity for this room is 4, but I believe it could fit so much more people ;) It's perfect for small get-togethers, a kitchen and bar top is also included with all the necessary appliances. Utensils are all available upon request. We didn't have any maid service until our very last day, but the custodian service was excellent. We needed cups, extra towels, and some other bathroom necessities... called the front desk, and everything was brought up in a timely manner.Upon departure, we required a van/suv to head back to the airport (due to the amount of people in our group). The valet called it for us, and after they saw us waiting for 10-15 minutes.... they took the matter into their own hands, and decided to personally take us to the airport themselves... in The Signature-owned SUV. Might I add, they provided ice cold water for all passengers and the SUV was extremely clean and brand new. How amazing can it be that they would go above and beyond for their customers like this? At this point, the early check-in problem was no longer an issue for us. We are looking forward to returning to Vegas, and hopefully in a two-bedroom suite at The Signature next time. Highly recommend!!
5	I've stayed here 2 times and I loved it!! Every tower is different it has it's own theme to it. It's all suites with hot tubs and they are beautiful. The people in the front are very nice and friendly. There's an inside walkway to the mgm wich is great about a 10 minute walk I will definetly stay here again I loved it
4	Ive stayed here a few times and love these towers. The ONLY reason I'm not marking it as 5 star is because there is one RIDICULOUSLY LONG walk to the MGM Grand thru some walkways that feel like an airport. There are a few people movers but there needs to be more because after a night of drinking and walking, this additional walk just sucks. The rooms are big, nice, roomy. The bathroom area in its self is so fancy :)
5	Our condo was fantastic. It was 950 sq. ft. Was 1 bedroom, 2 bathrooms and had a fully stocked kitchen.  Even a sub-zero frig. This condo was a corner unit with the bedroom having floor-to-ceiling windows on two sides. The bedroom has a large oval desk with a motorized tv that rises up out of the desk. All the drapes are motorized. Bedroom has two closets. Another closet in bathroom. Bed was large and comfortable. The one thing it had that you don't find much in Vegas was a balcony. Our view was overlooking the pool area that rivals grounds found in Hawaii.   The entire complex is non-smoking and no casinos....and is a gated community with manned guard shack....but, an indoor walkway with moving sidewalks take you to the MGM Grand casinos with all the smoke and noise you could want. In other words, you can have a relaxing time laying in the sun around the pool(s) or a few minutes walk to the fast action and nightlife.    Check in was fast....no line. Check out was on tv screen. Parking is free but valet only. The complex is beautiful inside and out and striking from a distance.    The only downside is that the noise at night from the airport is noticeable. Tip: try to get the non-airport side.   Prices vary but I think we were there during a busy week for conventions because nobody was cutting deals. We got this condo (with daily housekeeping) for $135.66+Tax for each of three nights. That is a deal.
5	This place is awesome! My wife and kids love it. Its clean and the rooms are huge. You have at least 3 pools to choose from plus a lazy river. Balconies with amazing views. The only thing that I hate about this place is the mandatory valet parking. I absolutely hate other people driving my cars. They are careless and sometimes things have come up missing. I even had my custom rims scratched once. So from now on I drop the family off in the front and go park somewhere nearby MYSELF.
4	Pretty good deals for a major hotel on the Strip.  While the Signature is on Harmon, there is an indoor bridge to the MGM Grand with access to LB BLVD.  Spacious rooms at a decent value!!!  Only downside is parking is Valet only.
2	We booked our room thru Kayak.com and from the moment we stepped into the lobby- the staff treated us rudely because we didn't book with them directly. Seriously, no one books directly. That's why sites like kayak are in business. The front desk girl told us if there were no complimentary waters in the room, we could come back to the front desk and ask for some. When we did- a different front girl staff argued with us for 7 mins. The conversation went something like this, 'We received no complimentary waters and we were told we could pick some up here.' Employee: 'Well...... if I felt like getting you some, I could. I feel like doing that though'. No lie. Just mind boggling. Not only things like that, but there was no maid service since we 'booked thru a 3rd party'. If you book 'thru a 3rd party' a cleaning service- off site- must be called even if you need a washcloth. Just so you know, they don't show when you call them. So, again, The Signature punishes you for using 2014 technology just by simply booking online. It's a pain to be forced to valet park your car. There is NO self parking, unless you want to park at MGM and walk back to The Signature. FTR- it's a loooooooong walk. So you have to valet park. They do have free WiFi and it was good and fast. So that's a plus. Was the place clean? Yep- minus the drunk guy passed out, literally, blocking the door to our room. Again, no lie (pic posted to prove it). He was there all night long. All. Night. Long. No security ever came by to remove him. Matter of fact, we never once saw any type of security here. That's uncomfortable.Would we come back? Naw. Much better places where you're treated like a human even if you didn't book directly with them, convenient to amenities, maid service, water and you can self park. Kinda feel bad if you're one of the condo owners that rents out their condo. I'm not sure what you get for your money there, but it's not a pleasant experience for those who stay at your place. "/
5	Just checked in. Great staff member, Tanya, upgraded me to a suite. Very nice and quiet space. I was a bit leery of staying at MGM for this business meeting, but this really rates highly. An oasis away from the rest, but easy access if you want to partake!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the MGM Signature.  I will most likely choose this hotel again the next time I visit Las Vegas.  Below are a couple of reasons why I loved the Signature:  1.). It's connects to the MGM Grand.  No need to drive or walk outside the property.2.) it's a non-gaming hotel.  I loved how the lobby and the elevators (especially) were not crowded and busy.  It was kind refreshing how peaceful it can be.  3.) The property is gated which makes you feel very safe.4.) Valet! I love that I don't have to worry about parking.  There is always someone at the valet stand waiting to retrieve your car.  No wait!5.). You really get your money's worth.  I highly recommend getting at least a 1 bedroom suite.  The pics on the website are pretty much on point.  I was not disappointed at all.  If I were to give one criticism, it would be for the staff to be more welcoming.  I wasn't always greeted in the lobby or valet.  It's not a huge issue, but it does make a difference.  Especially when you're treated very well when visiting other hotels in the area.
4	Booked a deluxe suite for a wedding weekend last week for myself the first night (Tower 1, Penthouse 36th floor), then shared a balcony suite with four of the other bridesmaids before and after the big day (Tower 2, 16th floor). I liked that it was a non-gaming, nonsmoking luxury hotel, and had a private gated entrance and 24hr concierge, private balconies and in-suite dining options. I did have one issue with getting locked out of my room and front desk was very helpful with sending maintenance up to assist. Depending which side of the Towers you get assigned to, you may be facing the Las Vegas airport and the back of MGM Grand, or facing more of the Strip. Fitness centers only available in Towers 1 and 3, Starbucks in Tower 1, etc. I really liked that it's connected by walkway to the MGM Grand (a bit of a walk) but no need to drive, catch a cab, or walk outdoors. Bellhops were good, I had them store my luggage in between check-outs and check-ins, or after I checked out but before I headed to the airport. Next time I'll be sure to use the MLife benefits/perks! Cab fare one-way to from the airport to the Signature was under $20.
3	Stayed at the Signature 4 days...rented directly from an owner. Arrived at approximately 6:45am, anxious to check in and rest after a long drive (did not happen--had to call the owner to get an early check in --hence minus 1 star) after an approx. 45min wait; we were checked in to a very nice spacious room overlooking the pool and monorail. Valet and Bell services were fast,  friendly and helpful.  put on your comfy walking shoes if you plan to walk to the adjacent MGM or the strip, it's quite a walk. Weekdays are not quite as busy as the week like rolled around and so did the crowd in the jacuzzi. I like the fact that it's a no gamling/no smoking hotel to provide a quiet retreat that is close to the strip.
5	Super impressed with the Signature Towers! Will use again!I found the listing for our tower 1, 8th floor room thru AirBnB. Having been tricked by pretty hotel pictures before, I was sure this place would be too good to be true. I was delighted to find that it was indeed just as clean, friendly, and stylish as expected. I learned that many of the rooms here are condos, timeshares or used as extended stay rooms as they all have kitchenettes and spacious bathrooms. They don't offer daily room cleaning either because of this, but they are happy to provide extra pillows, sheets and toiletries as needed (if you do need a room clean, you can call and schedule it for a fee). The towers also don't have a casino or formal restaurant, instead it has a small hotel bar and a Starbucks. For a weekend stay, these things weren't an issue for me, and in fact I liked not having them- it kept the place quiet.The only downside is the 10 minute walk from our tower to the main MGM casino/hotel. The walkway between the tower and the casino is covered, clean, well lit, and easy to follow so all in all, it was an ok trek back and forth.
4	Was here for a bachelor party and the suites were fantastic. We were on the penthouse which was opulently appointed with an incredible amount of space and a fantastic view from the huge balcony.  The facilities and common spaces were also excellent.  All of this and the cost of accommodation was exceptionally reasonable.  I'd go back.  The only note is watch which tower you are in.  The third tower is a long walk from the strip.
5	Had a great weekend here Room was on the 34th floor wow amazing views.
5	The hubby and I recently returned from a few days in Las Vegas and were lucky enough to stay in The Signature at MGM Grand.  This was our very first stay here and it definitely won't be the last.  Our suite was on the 36th floor of the 2nd tower and had a balcony (the views were amazing!).  There was plenty of room for us and the bathroom was just open and spacious.  We had a stove, fridge, stove top and microwave in the kitchenette area.  The bathroom itself had a jetted Jacuzzi tub right next to a see through stand up shower.  There's even a small flat screen tv in there if you wanted to watch the tube while relaxing in the tub.All their staff are super nice and friendly.  We ordered room service and food was delivered faster than expected.  The gentleman went way out of his way to make sure everything was set up right for us in the room.  I like that the Signature is non-gaming.  I'm not much of a gambler and it helps to make it less busy/crowded.  The hubby only had to walk a short distance along the connecting walkway to get into MGM for all the casino action so he was happy about that.  All in all we were very impressed with the The Signature in Las Vegas.  Next time we are in town we are definitely booking here again.  Would really recommend to anyone visiting sin city.
5	this place is FanDamnTastic.i booked online and finally found a great deal for a weekday getaway. after a perfect flight we checked in, and i was smitten by the beauty of the property. the staff was efficient and friendly. Maisha in en suite dining totally blew me by greeting me when we ordered dinner in, and her exceptional service was extended by assisting with last minute requests. thank you, again, Maisha!penultimate moment: there was a bit of an Wifi connectivity issue upon arrival and we had no Wifi until late into day 2. also, i had an Extended Stay scheduled for this trip but Housekeeping came to our room anyway. as i checked out, i explained to clerk Russell the aforementioned Wah and he promptly adjusted my final balance to make those missteps right. Russell is very polite and  friendly. thank you, again, Russell.i love this place-clean, friendly, beautiful and the staff was awesome. I'm watching my email for a special promo so i can go back.
1	Definitely one of my worst Vegas hotel experiences:1. The hotel room doors have nothing to stop them from slamming shut. This is not only a danger to children with heavy doors slamming shut, but guess what you will get to hear all night? Drunk people coming home and slamming their room doors. Midnight...1am...2am...3am...2. The hotel is connect to the MGM grand and the strip...via a more than a half mile corridor one-way. There are moving sidewalks, but they functioned about 25% of the time during our stay.3. Only half the wall electrical outlets in the room worked. Some had metal pieces sticking out of the wall.4. Their "low-flow" toilet took 20 minutes to fill...that's 20 minutes between flushes. Hope your group isn't in a rush to use the bathroom when you get back to the room...
5	we check in on Dec 4 for 1 night. very  impressed how nice, clean and smoke free hotel.we stay 21st floor .we enjoy everythings there .be back again,
1	Worst service I have ever received at a hotel in my life. We purched a discounted room through living social. When we got here the room was disgusting! It was uncleared from the previous people. Hair all over the floor, sheets thrown all over the room, bathroom was dirty and shower too. We had to wait in this room for 2 hours with my baby waiting for a team to come clean it. I could not unpack, or breast feed my child. We had to sit with an already tired and hungry baby for hours waiting for them. Our entire first night was ruined by this! Our baby goes to sleep early so we were counting on a speedy check in so we could enjoy some time in the city but it was impossible. We missed dinner we missed site seeing we missed it all. Sitting in a filthy room trying to keep my baby from touching anything to gross
5	I recently stayed here for a staycation. This beautiful, modern, non-gaming complex of three high-rises is made up of condos, time shares, and hotel rooms. Indoor, covered walkways connect each tower and lead to the MGM Grand, making it a great option if you want to access their dining and entertainment, but don't want to sleep above the  smokey casino environment.The one bedroom unit we stayed in was gorgeous. It had a small kitchen, dining area, living room and half bath connected to the spacious bedroom and large master bath. The TV in the bedroom is tucked away inside a desk and raises when you turn it on. Unfortunately, it's not high-def. The best thing about the unit was the shower pressure. It's the kind of pressure I haven't experienced since living on the east coast.The third tower has an outdoor pool. There's a deli in tower 2 and a Starbucks and convenience store in tower 1. An ATM is located in the walkway outside of tower 1.If you can get a room on a high floor, you'll have a great view of the Strip, High Roller, and the rest of the valley. For the price (it can be very affordable depending on the week), it's a great alternative to staying directly on the Strip.
5	Wow just Wow! We stayed on the 33rd floor in tower 1 ( which is closer to the strip about 5 min walk ) Everyone here is so professional and upscale. Every time we asked for tea, towels, coffee, toothbrushes, etc... they brought up plenty.The Suite came with full kitchenette - oven- stove- microwave - toaster- blender- sink - even soap and kitchen supplies.Jetted hot tub for 2 people very roomy and spotless.the King size bed was superb with soft pillows but not too soft.Sheets were changed daily and always clean.Loved the fact that we had a huge balcony! The Hotel is non- smoking so this was perfect for us. We took our Hookah! The bathroom had the toilet in separate room and twin sinks for his and hers. A stone tiled shower w great water pressure and plenty of hot water. Full sized mirrors everywhere - Makes perfect selfie pics! Lighting was excellent and lots of counter space.Closet had two comfy robes, safe ( fits laptop) iron with iron board, and plenty of hangers.Room also had a couch with coffee table, desk with notepads and lamp. There is a separate cabinet for ice and plenty of cabinet space all around. I could not be any happier with this Hotel. Hotel also has a gift shop, gym and plenty of swimming pools and jacuzzis around... beautiful grounds super clean.Only cons were: TV had only one HBO station ( they are updating this soon )Food service was excellent but food is pricey and bland.There is a $25 resort fee per night but totally worth it.Everyone was super nice and walking distance front the strip. The night was peaceful and we didn't run into one problem. I will def be staying here when in Vegas! LOVED IT
3	The rooms are forever from the casino. Very noisy on the airport side and they have a bullshit $25 resort fee we were not told about. The rooms are nice. I would suggest the one room suite it is bad ass and has a balcony. It is just to far ( 3 blocks to the strip) and a longer walk to the mgm
1	First impression of the SIGNATURE tower 3 at 145pm on Saturday 12/13/14 .... Walked in to the front desk to a guy that literally yawned wide mouth opened for about 15 seconds while I stood in front of him ... Did not apologize just said "last name." Your room is not ready till 3 so come back then. Id say his name but never introduced himself or said welcome to the Signature. Being in the industry was probably one of the rudest experience I've yet had. Guess we will see what happens at 3. Almost wanted to go behind the counter to teach him how to properly greet and treat guests.
1	Watch out for BED BUGS. Stayed in tower 2, pent house floors for halloween 2014. They did give us a new room but GROSS!!!
3	Ok ... I have to say there was some saving grace. When it came time for us to come back and check in were were greeted by PIA at the front desk who was absolutely wonderful. She remembered seeing us walking towards MGM with my 2 year old daughter while waiting for our room to be ready. She also did see by the time we got back both our little kids were tired and sleepy cranky so even if it wasn't exactly 3 she got the check in process started so that right at 3 she could pass the keys to us. A wonderful gesture on her part. We both appreciated. After long driving of 6 hours with two kids 2 or under 2 a welcome smile and kind greeting goes a long way. After that  everyone we met was more than helpful.  I would have given 4 stars but had to take one away because of the first encounter just stuck in my mind the whole trip. Well of someone in Management is reading this please extend our thanks to PIA and the rest of the staff for making up for that one front desk employees horrible 1st impression.
1	Cheating dealers and pit boss.I was at a $15 black jack game. A player turned over AJ. The Dealer offered even money. the player took it, and the dealer put out $15 to deliver the player's winnings.The dealer turns over a 21, the pit boss comes over and declares no even money bet allowed at the table !  The player's winning were taken back! I protested on behalf of the player that she had placed the offered bet BEFORE the dealer turned over, but the pit boss would not deliver the offered bet!From this moment henceforth, I shall never deliver a single dollar unto the MLIFE consortium on account of terrible customer service, taking advantage of inexperienced gamblers, and poor pit boss judgement.I had been hopeful of the perks of my MLIFE membership, but am now forever forlorn.G
5	Superb customer service... From the responsive valet to the assertive maids and bell hops to the front desk rep who took care of us (I believe her name was Tamika), I highly recommend booking one of their sweet penthouses overlooking the strip.
4	I prefer non-smoking/no casino type of hotels. It's quieter and a lot less choking on smoke. Not to mention people as well. I love that this hotel is gated, you have to have a key pass to get in, feels so exclusive except where it's located it's kind of... Bland. We're facing this really run down looking medical clinic and an empty lot next to it. It's kind of disappointing, but the hotel itself is pretty grand.ROOMS:Booked three rooms on the 4th floor, thankfully ours is right next to the elevator so no getting lost trying to find it. Lol. The room is very nice and spacious with a very cool jacuzzi tub and stand up shower. They also have a small telly by the sinks so you have something to watch in the morning. I have mine tuned to the cooking channel! :D The beds are muey comfortable and the blackout curtains work wonders in the morning! It also comes with a small kitchenette to cook food! Only downside was that, not a huge fan of the design work, I like the more modern approach like Vdara's. So far only complaint is having terrible neighbors that blasts music 3am in the morning. -_- But called front desk and they took care of it right away.PARKING:They have comp valet parking! So no worries about parking, just unload your bag and they'll give you a ticket for your car to hold onto.
5	The best thing about the MGM and Signature was the air quality. We were in most of the better hotels and the MGM's was always the best.  The Signature was great, room, staff and location.  Can't wait to return.
2	Nice rooms and exceptional service but the the valet wait is beyond terrifying.  And they only have valet parking!  They dont have any system here and all scramble mode.  Waited over an hour to get my car when checking out.  Pls avoid rush hours!!!
1	This review gets a one star based on the fact that this hotel made me miss my flight! Checked out around 11am and there was a 2 hour wait to get my car back from the valet!?!? There were like 100 people waiting to check out and thy had no system in place to get people their cars! Absolutely the worst experience with 3 little kids running around in the lobby. They could not even let us stay in the room a little extra for the inconvenience. James the manager couldn't find a solution to the problem and Jill the general manager was no where to be found. Absolutely ridiculous .
5	Great place to stay. Very close to the strip
1	If these guys give me a free room and $500 cash I wouldnt stay here. Its seriously by far the worst service... I cant even begin to explain. From initial parking, valet, bell desk... Omg!
1	** adding **I just emailed their customer relations to file a complaint about our valet parking wait experience on 12/26.  we'll see what they say about this.MGM should know better on how to handle these types of situations.  understaffing excuse is not reasonable as customer spend alot of their $$$$$ to stay here.  making people wait for over than an hour for their cars outside is unreasonable and unexcusable.  they have been in this businesss for years!
4	We stayed for a few days.. before and after Xmas.Suites are clean and decent. Has a Jacuzzi, stand in shower and TV inside the bathroom. Equipped with Microwave, Toaster, Electric Stove top if you plan to do some cooking. We had 2 rooms with pool views. House keeping is great. Valte guys are nice...Everyone was professional.---FYI they do have a 32.00 resort fee +  tax PER DAY added your your room bill.Loss of 1 star due to 30-40 minute wait times for Valet. I know it's the holidays but this hotel DOES NOT have self parking. You HAVE to valet your cars.Will return and do recommend but I would stay elsewhere during peak seasons.
2	We return two years later and left with disappointment.Here's what goes wrong,1. We booked a room with balcony this time, upon check-in, Tina at the front desk gave us room number 05607 in tower 1. As we get into our room we found out that instead of the jet SPA bathtub that we had last time, there's only a stand up shower.We thought this is due to the different room set up for the balcony room, but not until when we check out, we finally realized we're given a accessible room for the disable !!  We never made such request and I'm in my late 20s, I have no idea why Tina would gave us such room.Here is what it says on their official site:"Your Balcony Deluxe Suite experience includes:Whirlpool spa tub and separate shower"In another word, they breach the contract and fail to offer what's promised.2. A lots of stuff are missing from the kitchenette, there's no tableware, not knife, no wine glass, no pot, no frying pan, no nothing.Only thing left was some appliances and paper towel. I wonder if they got robbed by the last guest.3. Like last time, we received $50 dining credit, but this time we could only spent it in The Signature or the MGM Grand, instead of restaurants at all other hotels under the MGM Resorts, so there's a lot less to choose from.Everything else was still great, free valet is still fast and convenient, room is still clean and well maintained. However, the Signature is no longer our first choice.
1	Don't valet park your vehicle!  My car battery was somehow dead and they recharged it right before i got my car WITHOUT telling me. I was lucky to get back home without knowing that.  And the next morning i couldn't even start my car.  I found that out cuz the battery positive cover was left opened and apparently someone charged it.   Man what if i got stuck in the middle of nowhere with no battery.   By the way I was forced to do valet cuz there was no self parking at this hotel. The closest was guest park but no one was willing to give us clear instruction on where this "guest" parking was. They only told me i could use guest parking "half a mile" walking distance from signature to mgm.
3	I finally was contacted by 'guest services manager' at The Signature but it looks like he is responding to my online survey I took right after the stay.  He apologized and accepted that day's valet service was not to their standards and offered partial refund of our stay as accommodation.I wish they don't run into this issue again.
5	Close to perfect! We stayed in a one-bedroom balcony suite for four nights, checking out Christmas Day. And it really was a true suite with a separate bedroom and bath, unlike the Bella suites at the Venetian, for example. We had a view of the airport from the living room while the bedroom window faced MGM and Excalibur, not the greatest view ever, but no complaints at 99 bucks per night.The positive: Well-maintained, safe, affordable. Quick and painless check-in and check-out. Access to all the comforts of home including fridge, microwave, coffeemaker, dining table, multiple televisions, tons of counter, closet and storage space, iron and ironing board, whirlpool bath and an unbelievably comfy bed. Our suite was spotlessly clean and well-insulated and, aside from light foot traffic in the lobby, the hotel was almost pin-drop quiet. The indoor walk to the MGM was no issue for us as we enjoy walking from Mandalay Bay to the Wynn, but might be an annoyance for someone with mobility or alcohol issues or young children.The negative: the main television had no sound or picture and the shower head in the smaller bathroom was busted. However, both issues were resolved within five minutes of a phone call. Poor choice of TV channels. Drinking glasses and utensils must be requested, which is a pain, but housekeeping delivers them quickly. The sofa bed was thin, as sofa beds usually are. The fabulous: Customer service at the Signature was outstanding. Front desk, housekeeping, engineering, valet, bartender, cashier, every single employee we encountered was personable, professional and helpful. Major kudos to whomever is in charge of hiring and training!Bottom line: for a comfortable and relaxing stay off-strip, but with convenient access,very highly recommended.
