5	My honey and I had a delicious authentic experience here last week! I had the lengua and carne asada hard shell tacos, bomb!! My honey had a carne asada burrito, we were very pleased! We will definitely come back again!!
5	Looking for good street tacos, then this is your place.  I don't know what it is, but the carne asada taco's are GRRRREAT.  Meat is cooked just right, onion, guacamole and cilantro.  Reminds me of those late nights heading home from Tijuana.  The salsa has a good amount of heat, which just ties the whole thing together.  I was introduced by a friend from Mexico who was struggling to find something good close to GCC.  Nothing fancy about the atmosphere, just a few tables and chairs.  If you attend the college and bring your ID, they will give you 10% off. Definitely worth stopping by.
5	We went here today for the first time after my hot dog loving boyfriend had been talking about it. They have a great menu including things I've never heard of. So that's fun. The place was small and plain but clean. Order at the counter and they'll bring it to you. I think the workers are probably all related. Nice family business. The food. Oh my goodness, the bread. I had a Sonoran hot dog and the roll was amazing. The hot dog and toppings was not lacking, but seriously, the bread. So good. We also got a carne asada burrito and the meat was yummy. We waited a couple minutes for our food, but I think that's because quality takes an extra minute. I can't wait to go back.
4	I was searching for a place that served Sonoran Hot Dogs and this place came up on my phone. My friend just moved here from back east and he's been wanting to try local Arizona dishes. I'm glad I picked this place for his first Sonoran Hot Dog experience. The bun was soft and the whole thing was covered in fresh grated cheese. It tasted awesome. The fries were also fresh and they gave us complimentary chips and salsa. We'll be back again.
4	Good authentic Sonoran hot dogs. Prices for the burros were a little high but were tasty. Would frequent again.
1	I think this place has closed. Couldn't find it and ended up at Cheeba Hut. I think it was in the same strip mall?? Cheeba Hut was great though!
