3	Given that there are very few really good sushi places in Montreal, this is among the better ones. The fish was fresh tasting and substantial, the prices were fine, and the service was good. I didn't go for BYOB this time but that's a great perk and will most certainly bring a bottle whenever I go back. One warning: they rely very heavily on fried and cooked ingredients for their futomakis, so if you're more into fresh fish then you should stick to the sushi/sashimi or go elsewhere. Otherwise, this good and satisfying place.
1	It might have been a stroke of bad luck, because the place was filled with a large birthday party, but this was hands down the *worst* service I've ever experienced. Ever! Nope, it wasn't actually bad luck - it was that they were understaffed for the event and the service at our table was the equivalent of abandonment.We didn't even get our menus for at least 20-25 minutes after being seated, and when we were finally able to order, our food didn't come for a very long time, almost to the point of us nearly walking out. In fact, the food came right as we were getting ready to leave. What this meant was that we sat staring at our glasses of water for an hour. Oh, they also have NOTHING to drink at this restaurant and I'm not just talking alcohol. It's a BYOB, which we didn't realize, but I would have been fine if they'd at least had some tea, juice or something, ANYTHING, to drink. Nada. Not one single thing. Staring at a glass of water, with an empty stomach, for an hour. Plus, our server couldn't care less.When our order did come, it wasn't our complete order - our server forgot to bring the rice that came with our flavourless tempura dish. The sashimi (we're talking basic slices of raw fish - no cooking required) took OVER an hour. That's a lot of knife sharpening... or something. Our server was not even remotely apologetic. Terrible experience overall, and the food was really not worth it. Definitely stay away from the tempura - really overpriced and tasteless.
