5	The promotions for anything nightlife really hooks you up. Fast Entry to any Nightclub on the strip. Guest list, VIP Service, Bottle Service. Everytime my friends come to Vegas i refer them to only one person instead of 10 different promoters who only hook you up to their club. Weekend or not  Anything Nightlife is basically anything you need in Vegas from dinning to entertainment and is the only person i go through if i wanna have a good time!!!
5	Anything Nightlife caters to every club, pool party/ day club, strip club in Las Vegas- which is really convenient when planning for any occasion! No need to seek out a different promoter for each guestlist or Table Reservation, just send a txt with the dates and venues interested in, amount of ladies vs guys and name!Aside from covering the clubs and any random requests I give props to Anything Nightlife for going above and beyond- I have always been treated really nicely and response time is quick BUT I am extremely pleased with my most recent experience:My girl friend came to vegas last weekend for her last minute bachelorette party, everything was really random and although we got on all the guestlists we were interested in we failed to make it on time the first night... But Lee STILL got us into the club and to top it off arranged for a free Daybed the next day at Encore Beach Club! It is hard to coordinate a large group of girls- but our experience was a lot less stressful knowing we had a hookup that was on point and professional.Lastly, there is no charge for this service! I will always count on Anything Nightlife for my plans in Vegas!
1	A promoting agency that does not work well with you for clubs and attractions in vegas. Experience started off okay though they like to text you a lot and then the deal falls through. If there's even a deal they give you. Grade very poor!!!
5	i highly reccomend anything nightlife  they are on point and made my recent stay in vegas more enjoyable by getting me on guest lists for clubs i wanted to attend, Make sure you contact them if you are and out of towner. They will make your club going experience very enjoyable.
5	They are the best!Specially Rachel, that helped me a lot during the week that I stayed in Vegas. I went to the best places with my friends and we had great times!!!SEE YOU NEXT YEAR!
5	Lee always cones through.  Used him last 3 years or so.  Never pay to get in, even manages to get the guys free drinks sometimes. Highly recommend
1	Lee Smith.... If there is a negative rating I WOULD give Anything Nightlife a negative. My group of friends and I (6 girls and 1 guy) was confirmed for Drais on a Tuesday night by Lee himself, so we all got dressed up, and when we showed up... the club was CLOSED. The thing that ticked us off the most, was that we wanted to go to VooDoo Lounge at first but he suggested us go to Drais instead. Why would a promoter suggest a club and confirm us on a guest list for a club that was closed on that night. I do not understand why you would want to screw someone over for no reason.Please do yourself a favour and get your guest list with FreeVegasClubPasses instead, Chris is much more professional and actually is so much more helpful. He managed to get us into another club after this mishap at 11 pm and we still got free drink tickets. Go connect with Chris from FreeVegasClubPasses. Rather than these people who think it'll be fun to ruin someone's last night out in Vegas.Thanks a lot Lee. You suck big time.
