4	I first experienced PetSmart in North Carolina, and have been incredibly pleased with all the services.  Let me tell you that a one-stop-shop for my dog [pet] is the best!  At this location, I have used the groomer, the PetsHotel, and will soon be using the Banfield Veterinarian Clinic, which is to open at this location in April 2009, I believe.I have to admit, I do think the cost of the products and services is on the high side.  I do not think I have ever purchased any merchandise (except possibly dog treats).  And yet, for some people (like me), a dog is more than a dog.  Shoot, the first time I dropped my dog at the PetsHotel, I got all verklempt!  So it is important that not only my dog be comfortable, but for them to make me comfortable too.  I am willing to pay the price to be so consistently pleased with the services.
4	Yay, Banfield finally opened!!  Now I don't have to drive up to the 90th St & Shea location to buy my Big Sexy his Hills K/D!  I save time, he eats sooner.  Win-win situation.
1	Bamboozled! Took my little guy to get groomed here yesterday and am still in shock over how bad of a job the groomers did! The haircut is completely uneven all over and I paid $40 for it! If you have a pet with any kind of length to its hair, then I recommend trying just about anywhere else. Not to mention that their pricing is way too high for what you end up getting...
3	Based on location alone, this is my go-to spot to pick up dog food, treats, and other supplies for Minnie.  She's also come to this PetSmart to get bathed on occasion.  The staff is friendly, Priscilla does a good job with the grooming, and I always find what I need... however, I'm with Karri in that the cost of the products and services is a bit on the high side.  Although, I know that is the price you pay for your loved ones :)One negative statement about the doggy daycare / PetsHotel at not only this location but all PetSmart locations:  they are extremely strict about what breeds are and are not allowed.  I'll never forget the day a few years back that I took Minnie in and because she's part pitbull, she was denied!  I had to turn around and take her home... and i boycotted for awhile after that, but after a while, I returned because of the location and convenience factor.Aside from the prejudice against pitbulls in the PetsHotel, I'm a fan of PetSmart.
5	This particular location is closest to my home, but I visit others sometimes as well.  This one, like another reviewer said, has a really good vibe and the people who work there always seem genuinely interested in your pet and bend over backward to help you.  I got my rescue dog at this store last year, and they welcome him like family whenever we go shopping there.  The trainers are always around and willing to give you free advice if you ask.  My dog has learned a lot from my training efforts, but I'm signing him up for classes to correct a few issues, based on how well he's done with the roaming trainers in the store.  I have not boarded him there, but he spent a day in doggie daycare and seemed to have fun.  It's all indoors, so not too exciting for a dog, but in the summer it's nice to avoid the heat.  All in all, a very pleasant experience!
4	Since my canine friend Harley can't write reviews, I'll share my experiences with PetSmart instead. This is my neighborhood location and I feel very lucky that it is! The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive to Harley and me. Although PetSmart is a chain, I don't feel like it is when I visit this location. The staff knows Harley and welcomes him every time we visit. Harley spends several nights in the doggie hotel and I'm never worried about how he'll be treated. The staff is so sweet to Harley and when I pick him up with a wagging tail and doggie smile on his face, I know he was in good hands. Just recently, I had to leave him for an extended period of time but they offered play time, day care and extra treatment that ensured me Harley was not be forgotten in a cage. The grooming department staff at PetSmart are my heroes in life. Harley grows his curly locks frequently but whenever I bring him in to be groomed, he looses his chewbacca look and it's done in an incredibly efficient manner. I have yet to do the actual training classes at PetSmart, but while I was out of town one time, I purchased training sessions for Harley while he stayed at the hotel. I came back to a much more well-behaved dog and they left me extensive notes and offered to walk me through the training in person as well. I've already written and raved in a previous review about the fabulous in-house vet, Bandfield (see Banfield review), And of course, PetSmart has all my doggie needs like food, toys and treats. They have great sales as well so keep an eye on the sale rack. Thanks PetSmart for keeping Harley happy, healthy and handsome!
3	I find myself mixed up about this PetsMart. I have had some fantastic experiences and some not so great ones... but it definitely deserves a 3 because the good definitely outweigh the bad.  The store is clean, things are easy to find and there is no shortage of staff asking you if you need help.  In fact, one of the associates gave me the best advice for my teething puppy, put canned food in kong and freeze it.... It's like a puppy Popsicle, they love it!!!    I've also picked up some essentials on clearance which made my pocket book smile!
4	Petsmart continues to be my one stop shop for everything Harley. From food, to toys, to grooming, to the vet to a place to lay his head for the nights when I'm out of town, Petsmart never lets me down. This past weekend I left town and Harley spent the weekend at the hotel and then got a much-needed grooming on Sunday. I picked him up smelling fresh, looking handsome and acting very happy from his weekend at the hotel!
4	Always very friendly staff. Lots of kitties for adopting - check them out! This is a pretty active Petsmart between the groomer and dog training. Great location to kill time if you're wating for an appointment too.
5	Adopted an adorable Australian shepherd Mix from here. The store was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
4	Great service, the ladies are so sweet that work the registers and really love animals. They are genuine people and I love that they are so sweet when we come in there. My dog loves it there. They even have a scale in the back if you want to check out your dogs weight :)They also have tons of cats and dogs for adoption. They have a huge room in the back that has tons of dogs up for adoption, from the shelter they bring in. Its actually kind of sad tho, because there are so many that need homes. The only thing I didnt like is, I went back there and they had a litter of puppies that were exposed to parvo and they were "isolated" (they had their own cage?) and they didnt have any signs posted saying that. Made me nervous, because the guy told me to wash my hands when I was leaving if I had a dog.. eeek...but besides that, the store I highly suggest you go there. They are trying to save lives, just need to get better organized back there!
4	I spotted this Petsmart on the way to a Yelp event at Don and Charlie's.  I need to get a new water dispenser for my 3 monsters.  This location is clean, neat, and nice.  The staff is super friendly.  I was greeted immediately walking in.  I did not find the water dispenser I wanted but I did find peanut butter flavor rawhide treats on sales for my fuzzy kids.  This location has a PetsHotel.  It is so cute, like checking in at a real hotel.  =)
1	Petsmart is happy to sell me food and toys, even classes to train my dog but, if they classify him as a pit mix, he is not welcome at the hotel or daycare.  BSL ( breed specific laws) are really  outdated guys.  You're supposed to know this as a leader in the industry. Please boycott this chain if you agree.  Help spread the word.
4	J and I came here recently to pick up the essentials for his newly adopted kittens. We were pleased with the variety of foods, treats, toys, litters, and litter boxes offered. One of the sales associates also spent a great deal of time answering all of J's questions - which was great because it backed up everything I had already said :PVery friendly employees and a great place to pick up all your pet essentials.
1	I've never left a review on yelp, but felt like I had to after this experience. I used this Petsmart Grooming back in December. My dog came home with a red irritated butt where they had shaved her. By the next day there were little bumps all over and they increased in number and ugliness over that day. I called them to tell them I was taking her to my vet and they said bring her to Banfield and they'd take a look. They admitted no fault except that maybe the clippers irritated her skin and gave me an antibiotic and ointment. Months have gone by and I've made numerous trips to my vet and tried 3 different antibiotics. I don't know what was on those clippers or how/if they clean them, but clearly something caused an infection that antibiotics are not killing. My vet is now taking cultures and testing for mhrsa. After this ordeal I would never recommend Petsmart grooming.
5	Not only were Liz and Jared the most gracious adoption hosts possible, even the cashier was adorable.  And though I know they had nothing to do with it except their charm and passion, the dog they helped me adopt is absolutely the best pet I could have ever imagined.  He's obedient, quiet, trained, I wonder how someone could ever let this guy get lost and end up in the pound.  It's like winning the lottery, no kidding.  Moby says hi to Liz and Jared (he's now just Mo).
3	Nothing special, but they always have what I need.
3	This is the pet store I go to if i need to pick up something simple and quick (name brand fish food, filters etc).  Its your basic petsmart, nothing special.  I only come here  because its 3 blocks from my house.  Their fish selection is completely lame (very few cichlids), but they do have a decent filter media section.  Overall, meh.
5	I shop here for my bunny supplies. The employees always welcome you in the door, the trainers are knowledgeable, and you can tell they love pets! Every employee who passes by me asks if I need anything. If I have a question, the employees are always smiling and knowledgeable, and if they don't know the answer, they will find out immediately! Cashier's are nice and always smiling! I have been to Banfield there and Dr. Organic and Dr. Barnett are sweet vets and care for their patients. I took my puppy there for her spay, and they did a great job on her surgery! I was really afraid she would have a nasty scar on her tummy, but it healed up nicely! (I have seen some pretty nasty left-over scars on other dogs). I am a groomer so I don't use Petsmart's grooming salon. I can't really rate that. But none-the-less, I will continue to shop here :)
1	It took me a little while to write this review because I hate the idea of writing something negative but after the horrible last experience I had here if I didn't share this nightmare experience I'd feel guilty for not informing other customers, it's that bad.In July, my puppy contracted giardia from Doggie Day Camp in this PetSmart. Yes, that's unpleasant but not my main gripe. I mean it's good for pet parents to know but I realize it's also like being mad that your kid got a cold at kindergarten; there's only so much they can control. Nor am I going to go on and on about how my dog not only contracted this illness at this Petsmart, but also the vet (Banfield) that is in this establishment, has not been able to cure it after several treatments and dollars spent. But that's another review entirely...No my biggest issue is what happened on October 4th.So, because my dog has been blacklisted with giardia, she can no longer attend Doggie Day Camp until she's better. Again, not a big gripe, not even unreasonable on there part. They don't want other dogs to get it; fine. I was planning a trip to Las Vegas to celebrate my sister's 21st birthday and of course a big issue was "What am I gonna do with my giardia-infected dog?" So I walked in to the Pet Hotel and explained my predicament. The two men there were nice and assured me that most-likely it wouldn't be a problem to board her if she's kept away from other dogs. That made sense. The next day, (this is a week in advance mind you) I called to make the reservation. No questions regarding my dog's health (unless you count her shot record, which they verified with my vet who presumably made no mention of the giardia). It wasn't until the woman asked me if I wanted to do Doggie Day Camp that this even came up. Looking back, I should have lied. I told her point blank "I don't think she can do that because she has giardia. But I was told she could be boarded if she's kept away from other dogs. Is that okay?" I don't honestly remember her exact response but it did NOT consist of "Oh, let me check and make sure because I would hate to have her turned away day of your trip." Instead, she booked my dog so I assumed it was fine. I showed up to board my dog. It was some of the same staff members as when I took my dog for Doggy Day Camp and they were super nice and even said "We were just talking about her! She hasn't been here in awhile." "Yeah, that's cause she's been battling giardia." I confessed for a third time to these people. The girl looked concerned and said. "But she's better now, right?" And I said "No she still has it." Suddenly she had to make an urgent call to make sure it was alright to board her. After fifteen minutes of waiting she got of the phone. The verdict? "I'm sorry, we can't board her."WHAT!?!?!?! DAY OF MY TRIP YOU TELL ME YOU CAN'T BOARD HER!!! WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH ONLY HOURS UNTIL I LEAVE???? WHEN I MADE THESE ARRANGEMENTS A WEEK IN ADVANCE???  AND I've said every step of the way that she has giardia! I tried to do the right thing! But I guess I should have lied. Clearly that's what the other jerk did to get his/her dog in that ultimately gave it to my dog!!!! It's not like I boarded my dog for the fun of it- I was leaving that DAY! AND you talked to my vet (that's in the same damn building!) to verify her shots! Why on earth didn't it come up then? It was a nightmare. I ended up on the phone with what felt like every pet boarding place in Scottsdale a mere hours before going on my trip. After making probably at least six calls I found a vet that would take her.AND BY THE WAY!!! This other Vet that I ended up boarding her at ran a giardia while I was in Vegas per my request and it was NEGATIVE...in fact, they speculated that it had been out of her system for MONTHS!!!! MONTHS!!!! Seriously Petsmart? This is unacceptable. I wish I could give you at least 2 stars for your nice staff and the fact that my dog was happy there but unfortunately no amount of kindness will ever make up for a lack of education and sure she was happy then but the events that followed caused her and I both a great deal of misery.  Spare yourself a similar fate and DO NOT GO HERE! I won't even shop here again!
3	As much as I like the PetSmart location in Tempe Marketplace, this one is so much more convenient to where I live.  It is definitely smaller and somewhat outdated.  Interestingly enough I've noticed the staff isn't as friendly and helpful unless you go hunting them down for assistance.  Parking is easy and it's right next to TJ Maxx and Zipps...which could be a good OR a bad thing.;)  They have all of the same stuff as far as I'm concerned.  Plus, I love that when I go to this one I can tote my pups along because I'm not too far from home.
4	Very clean location. All employees are very friendly and helpful. Some employees are much more knowledgeable about products - which is great! I would not suggest grooming services at any petco or petsmart. Both companies have not been educated on how to trim nails or hair cuts. No one wants to pick up their puppy with bloody nails and a strange hair cut! Everything is easy to find, and staff always seems happy. Sometimes the sales on toys and treats are very exciting !
4	This petsmart is similar to most but offers more services such as doggy day camp, veterinary  services through Banfield,  pet adoptions  and grooming. My particular  review was for the doggy day camp. Our little one stayed here for a couple of hours during our long layover. The staff was pretty kind and I was impressed  with how thorough their check in process was. They didn't have much to say about our little guys stay but for the most part I was pleased with the cleanliness of the facility and the ease of checking our dog in for camp.
4	Thank you for making my chihuahua look like a handsome boy. I had petsmart do a pawdicure plus on him before the holidays and boy did they clean him up very nicely. The groomers have great attention to detail and make your pet feel comfortable.I will definitely be bringing him back for an upkeep!
