5	Dr. Stokes is amazing. I used to be terrified of the dentist - including putting off cleaning and a dental implant that was long overdue. Not anymore!I was originally referred to ECD for a dental emergency - he fit me in the same day and didn't charge for the consult. I felt so comfortable with the service that I've returned for several additional procedures and plan to again in the future. His office is great at working with your insurer to maximize available benefits - I have never once felt "nickel and dimed.Dr. Stokes provides outstanding dental services with the mantra that all patients are treated like family. He truly lives up to this promise and all staff members are kind and welcoming.FYI for anyone considering a dental implant - I highly recommend it. If done by a reputable and professional dentist and specialist it is nearly painless and (as someone terrified of needles) not stressful at all. It can take several appointments over 4-5 months for proper healing, but doesn't destroy the neighboring teeth like a bridge.
5	I can't begin to explain how pleased I am with the team at ECD.  I grew up with the same dentist from age 3 until 16, then post braces, I had a dentist from aged 16 to 25.  So when I moved to Vegas I found a great dentist and then he moved back east, since this I have been to 5 or so offices, never finding the right fit.  One too far, the other a "Tender Dental" - I still have PTSD from my Tender Dental experience.  Dr. Stokes is a cool personable guy.  I actually thought it was a little cheesy when he first talked me through his "treat you like family" policy.  But after 2 visits myself, taking my 3 year old for the first time and my partner being a patient there - I do feel like family.  Everyone who has ever taken x-rays, cleaned our teeth, etc.  was delightful.  I enjoy going to the office.  My son had an amazing experience getting his first x-rays & first cleaning.  I cannot thank this team more for being so great to work with.  I have found my FAMILY DENTIST - hopefully for the next 15+ years!Oh, oh, oh . . . just remembered - they also send text message appointment reminders!  Both green and convenient.
5	I have been a patient here for years and I am very pleased.  My dental challenges were huge in my eyes and these people took me through it...as I say, what else do you need to know?
5	With all the issues that come up with health care these days, people tend to overlook getting proper dental care from a trusted Dentist and caring staff. I have been a coward and completely petrified to go to the dentist after a bad experience I had with one in college and hate to admit it but neglected my teeth for many years because this. Even when I had dental insurance I'd look for any excuse I could not to go to the dentist. I had a cracked tooth, that needed a root canal and a crown, stains from years of smoking and drinking coffee and soda, and small chips on the front that made me so self-conscious to smile. When you work in a very social industry, your smile is one of your most important assets, and I truly felt over sensitive about my teeth.I first met Dr. Stokes at an event he spoke at for a company I worked for. Surprisingly he talked about stress management and how to cope with anxiety with several techniques instead of talking about Dentistry and his practice like you would have thought he would. I tended to feel that this man truly understood and empathized with his patients. He addressed the number one reason why people don't visit the dentist and that reason was mostly due to PST and that every horrible situation is felt when a patient sits in the Dentist's chair. I knew that this man knew what he was talking about and he understood how I felt. I'd have panic attacks, even at the thought of going to the dentist. I told him about my situation and he was very kind and invited me to his office to meet his staff and just talk. No exam, no charge, just talk about my concerns etc. When I walked into the office, it was not what I had expected at all. I didn't feel like I was in a medical office, it didn't even smell like a doctor's office. It was calm, and quiet and pleasant and after having a nice chat with Dr. Stokes and his staff I felt confident that I would be able to let the Doctor look at my teeth. It was painless...he communicated with me, always making sure I was comfortable, I at no time felt that I was just a head of teeth in a chair, but more like a member of the family. If affordability is an issue he has several options to help. Lacey is wonderful at working with you when it comes to costs and affording care.I have been now going to Dr. Stokes for well over 3 years. A couple of months ago the Doctor offered me a great opportunity and I have just recently been fortunate to try a new product offered by Lumineers called Durathin on my teeth. This has corrected the chips, stains and misshaped teeth and I have a beautiful perfect smile. This particular product is much thinner than the old Veneers you hear about. There is very little and I mean very little prep work involved and no pain whatsoever. I am so happy and satisfied with the way my teeth look, that I wish I had done this years ago. What I thought I wouldn't be able to tolerate, or afford is all but a misguided fear that is now gone. I'll never be afraid to deal with any dental issues now that I have found Dr. Stokes and the Staff at Eastern Canyon Dental. I cannot say enough positive things about these people. If you would have told me 3 years ago I wouldn't be afraid to go to the dentist I'd have said they were crazy. I would recommend anyone, especially those who are looking for a Dentist who truly cares about his patients and makes you feel like one of the family you must see Dr. Joel Stokes you will be treated just as wonderful and amazing as I was. Much love and thanks again to Dr. Stokes, Lacey, Lily, Deanna, Laura, and Joely from the bottom of my heart I can't stop smiling! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!
5	Amazing team here at Eastern Canyon Dental! This group of people made me feel right at home and were totally attentive to my needs. I am happy to share them as a reference to anyone looking for a dentist. Can not stress the level of personal touch and professionalism that this team posses. So grateful to have found such dependable people to work on my teeth. Smile.
5	This place is amazing Dr. Stokes and his entire staff are amazing ! One of the most genuine places and people I have come across in a long time . If you need a dentist call them .
