5	Attentive, humane attention. My son's knees were hurting him something awful. He listened carefully to his symptoms, observed him walking, and found the perfect solution shoes. Thanks!
5	Went here because my feet were painful and I just could not find comfortable shoes. The staff was very knowledgable and helped me pick out some great shoes and an orthotic to help with my foot problem. In 2 weeks my feet feel great and I will never go any where else for my feet and shoe needs.
5	I'm saddened that all the low star reviews I have read in regards to Foot Solutions at any location is mainly due to people who do not want to spend over $100 and/or wait to receive their order.  A little bit of history on myself I am 31, overweight, and have a combination of GOUT (since I was 18), Rheumatoid and Osteo Arthritis, history of torn ligaments in both knees, and most recently extreme heel pain from having PLANTAR FASCIITIS (yes all confirmed by many doctors, labs, x rays, and MRI's for anyone questioning my health problems).Asides from my health issues I work as a Commercial Truck Driver delivering grocery items to a big grocery chain all over the Phoenix area unloading a 53' trailer by hand.  I am actively loading and unloading 6 hours a day (the other 5-6 hours is driving) needless to say it is an extremely labor intensive job.  I made my first visit to this location around the end of June at a time when my Plantar Fasciitis was at its worst (the pain in my heel was terrible, I could not walk on it and had tried many healing techniques from youtube, and later found shoes for people with these problems which is what lead me here).  The staff greeted me and my wife as we entered.  I was then taken care of by Matt Key who after hearing my concerns sat me down and proceeded to thoroughly check my feet, and then my gait.  After his initial recommendation I agreed to purchase a pair of shoes which retailed for $145.  I was more concerned with quality and alleviating pain then cost.  Matt even ordered me a bigger size.  It took about a week to get the order.  I returned and tried on the shoes which not only fit perfect, felt extremely comfortable.  I gave them a good break-in period before really seeing what they would do and to my amazement (until now a few months later) have not had any heel pain what-soever!  I was even able to bring the shoes in a month after purchase so they could make sure the wear down was proper and give it any needed adjustments.  Over all they truly have genuine concern for people with all types of foot problems, they do attend school to learn about the feet and provide the best possible solutions.  While I have heard some stores have not given good service, this location and all it's staff have given me nothing but care, attention, and OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Take it from someone who has had real health issues and major foot problems.  Thank you Foot Solutions and the people there in Phoenix!  I will be coming here for all my shoes from now on!
