3	The crab cakes here are definitely above average, and considering that this is a restaurant in an airport, a nice find indeed.  I would have given this restaurant another star based on the food, but unfortunately I had a poor service experience.  The sign said "seat yourself" so I did, and then two of the waitstaff not 10 feet away from me got into an argument with each other over whose table I was sitting at.  Unfortunately, I got the more aggressive one (the one who had no qualms about starting the argument right in front of the customer in the first place), who was quite pushy about trying to get me to order the most expensive items on the menu, appetizers, desserts, etc. (I was by myself at lunchtime) but took 15 minutes to bring me my drink order.The prices are expensive.  The food merits that price level, but the service definitely does not.
3	Not bad for airport food and the bar is OK to kill time. The food was pretty greasy and you can enjoy it with the plastic fork and knife provided.  Reasonable for being inside a terminal.
4	A welcome sight when I am stuck in Charlotte Airport (which is often... thanks US Air)!The crab soup is disappointing (lack of flavor) but the crabcake sandwich and salad are excellent.  The prices are relatively high so it keeps the crowds away... a nice and delicious respite from the normal garbage served in airports.  There is a full bar and table service.I also was put off by the plastic utensils but you take the good with the bad and the food is good.
3	I told my husband to take me to the most expensive place!  So he takes me to the airport!!   De duh dum!If you find yourself in the C concourse, check out Phillips Seafood.  They card everyone, good for the ego, til you see the big sign that reads: We I.D. All Guest!  Decent $10 bloody mary.
4	Dish was large for an airport restaurant. Crab cakes were good!
1	Eat at your own risk.  I got food poisoning from the Ahi Tuna on Friday and spent the rest of the weekend in bed.  The fact that I was traveling made it that much worse.Learn from my mistake.  Never eat seafood at an airport.  Well known brand or not, it's just not worth the risk...
2	Cold Tuna, frozen vegetables, unremarkable service!I travel constantly, so I notice the small stuff as well as the big stuff.  In my second trip to this Phillips I was hoping for a better experience tan my first.  Next time, I think I will save the dough and just go to CPK ASAP in terminal B.
4	Not much into crab cakes (that seems to be their specialty)....but the lobster bisque and seared Ahi tuna (with horseradish sauce) really surprised me (for 'airport' food).  Well worth a visit for a weary traveler!
3	I eat at one of these airport places a few times per week, and they are all basically the same. A couple of companies run all of them all over the country, so there isn't a lot of variance. That's really the business model, middle-of-the-road food to capture the middle of the market. They don't need to branch out and offer something spectacular because they have a basically captive audience. It's the airport, so most things are overpriced. Skip all the food, buy and drink some duty-free booze...at least you won't remember the pain of travel. If your company is paying, sit at the bar and down some $10 bloody marys...
5	Don't consider this overpriced bland airport food! This is the BEST crab soup, ever!Delicious lumps of crab meat in a cream based soup with just a touch of Phillip's Seafood Seasoning to awaken my taste buds! I was only halfway done with the soup and I already wanted seconds --- it was THAT good. Must try the crab cakes on my next visit!!!Looks like this is a east coast based franchise with restaurant locations in Atlantic City, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Rockville and Washington, D.C.With airport locations in:- Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta, GA- Thurgood Marshall Baltimore-Washington International Airport in     Baltimore, MD- Charlotte Douglas International Airport in Charlotte, NC- Logan Airport in East Boston, MA in East Boston, MA- ISLIP International Airport in Long Island, NY- Norfolk International Airport in Norfolk, VA- Savannah-Hilton Head International Airport in Savannah, GA
3	On a layover at the Charlotte Airport and weather in Boston had us delayed, so I stopped in here for lunch. Someone else said frozen and reheated and yep, that's how I would describe it too. I'm a big fan of crabcakes and when you put the word "crab" so big on the side of your restuarant, I expect goodness. Instead, I got weakness, though I will give points for a good crab soup (though I didn't eat too much, it was a little much). I was a little bummed to not be getting to take advantage of the brunch dishes, they had crab omelettes on the menu and I have had some good ones in the past that I would have loved to see if they measured up (doubt they woulda though)
1	I guess this is a chain, and maybe some are better, but this is not, even by airport standards. The menu shows 2 crabcakes on this $18 plate, but there's only one along with some fried fingerlike objects. Actually a good thing since this was the worst crabcake I've ever eaten. The discshaped fried potatoes were edible. If you ask, you'll find out that draft beer is $8 and up. Wish I had read the other reviews before being fooled into thinking that real crabs were somewhere in the recent history of the kitchen. That would have been the time to use the airport WiFi to Yelp* and avoid Gulp!
1	Read the Yelp reviews and decided the overall 3-stars eating could be ok airport food.  At 9am they were only serving Breakfast items & soups.  The waitress said both their Creamy Crab soup & Crab bisque was cream based (I thought bisque was tomato paste based).  I got the Creamy Crab soup & was really unimpressed.  It's creamy but no crab flavors.  There were small amts of tiny pieces of celery and almost no crabmeat. Bad idea.
2	Crab cake was burned. They brought the wrong side
3	Not bad for a Phillips in the airport but don't expect what you get in a local restaurant.  Decent crab sliders and I tried the Phillips amber ale - not bad.   Service can be erratic when very busy.  I'd rather eat here than in most of the other fast-food airport joints.
3	Eh /shrug.  That about sums it up. Their Phillips Amber Ale was pretty ok.  The service was what you'd expect from a airport restaurant. And the food was definitely better than any of the "fast food" options you are bound to be tempted to try at the airport.I ordered the crabcake and had it tossed into a toasted bun.  The crake cake was cooked on the grill (not deepfried) which was definitely a plus.  The crab was light and flavorful and was definity worthy of ordering again.Overall, not a bad spot to come grab a beer and a bite if you are between flights in Charlotte and have a hankering for some crab.
1	Ordered the salt and pepper calamari to tide me over and a glass of pinot grigio.  No hint of salt or pepper on what once upon a time might have been calamari.  Thank god for Oregon and its pinots.  Memo to self: dont change planes in Charlotte if you will be needing feeding.
2	Flight delayed and starving so I stopped by this place for my seafood fix. Wow masculine bartender female, you're really a (insert word of your choice here).Yes, there's nothing worse when you know someone is only nice to you so they can get your money. So when you order at the bar "to-go" and they completely ignore you and won't even get you the glass of water they offered you while waiting, it just confirms what I said before. You can totally tell their fake customer service and their fake chit-chat small talk is a poor attempt to solicit tips.I had the crab cakes & egg breakfast combo. It smelled weird and turned me of but for the price I forced myself to eat it on the plane, and the food itself, is okay....
1	Don't waste your $ on less than par food.  I am eating the seafood sampler as I'm writing this and "it sucks" is a severe understatement.  The eggrolls are horrible tasting and have a weird texture. The crab cakes are bready with a small amount of crab pieces and have a strange taste.  The only thing edible are the shrimp which are your standard breaded shrimp you can get for $5 at your grocer's freezer.  If you're craving seafood don't bother getting it here.  You will leave hungry, angry and $15 poorer.
5	I'm always hesistant when it comes to table service restaurants inside airports in fear that it'll take too long and I'll miss my flight. I stopped into Phillips seafood because it was right next to my gate and i LOVE CRAB CAKES. As soon as I sat down Jessica was at my table ready to take my drink order, and the restaurant was not empty. The service was friendly and attentive. The food was really good. I had the premium crab cake with a glass of wine. The meal at this restaurant made me one happy flier.
3	Meh Meh Meh. The first time I stopped by this joint the air conditioning wasn't working. There can be nothing worse than some place in an airport that makes you *less* comfortable. The last time I tried it was fixed. So I sat down and had two shots of something potent. That, my friends, is how I should approach airport food from now on. Get me lit up first, then I can enjoy the unenjoyable. Beer goggles for food is what you need. But that would never work for the likes of Burger King - it does work for Phillips. So I had some kind of fish sandwich with a decent mayo/tarter sauce and slaw. A sit down meal. But I would have liked an oyster poboy. Put it on the menu, dudes. And keep that A/C on.
2	I was in the Charlotte airport, which has really good WiFi for an airport, but I digress, and had some time so I thought I'd stop in, which I did, hence the review.  I ordered the fish and chips, stay way.  It is Tilapia and breaded to the gills (get it).  It was one piece of fish and the fries were fair.  They say the crab cakes are really good, but I have not had crabs since high school.  I will not return if I am in the airport again.
1	Close proximity to my gate is the only reason to return.  Cold lobster bisque and the mahi is undercooked.  Beer is somewhat cold, but service is typical for airports.
5	5 stars for the outstanding customer service!I've found Phillips to be dependable for a solid airport breakfast here in Charlotte and in other airports as well.But I've never had such amazing service in an airport.  Ever.I had just gotten off a redeye from Denver and was bleary and foggy and in serious need of a black coffee injection.I stopped into this Phillips since I've had decent experiences in other airports, and they are very accommodating of my substitution requests (no potatoes, bread, thank you very much).The food was good, the coffee was black and always kept warm.Here's the outstanding part:I tried paying, and i had some issue with my card.It would absolutely not go through, and there was nothing I could do.I didn't have cash or another credit card.Yikes!!!!The manager came over and just very kindly told me that he would take care of it.  And that I didn't need to pay.WHAT??!! Amazing!I got their address so I can send not only the tab, but I will be sending some flowers or gifts, and especially tip my waitress since I jipped her with my not-paying-ness.I will be their regular whenever I'm in CLT.Seriously.  At the airport!?  AWESOME.
4	Had the miniature crabcakes and the citrus peppercorn mahi ...loved them ...fantastic customer service too
4	Excellent service, Bloody Mary (spicy), and crab cake. Worth going out of your way. I landed in terminal B and had a connector in E!  Crab cake had generous chuncks of lump crab. Great price, too!!
2	It was really early, like not even 6 am early and after a night without dinner or snacks, I wanted to sit down in a nicer restaurant. I love seafood, so I picked Phillips.I should have known from the sign that said Pasterized Crab Meat. I'm a crab lover and being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I always have access to fresh crab. This was not the case. With a limited menu, I ordered the Cream of Crab Soup and an Ice Tea. It came up fast and service was friendly, but the soup was wayyyy over seasoned and the crab tasted dehydrated. Biting into crab chunks that seemed to break apart like powder chunks. I stopped trying to eat it after about 5 spoonfuls. I drank about 2 large ice teas and 2 large waters to get the overpowering salty seasoning taste from my mouth. The unsweetened ice tea is good, yet not worth stopping in when there is a lot offered in this airport. The worse part is the aftermath of a stomachache and sick feeling that lasted for the next 10-12 hours. If I wasn't already feeling tired and hungry, add sick to that and it wasn't worth it at all.  Even if you like canned crab, I wouldn't recommend Phillips for anyone.
4	We had breakfast here during a layover at the airport. Our sever was awesome. I wish I could remember his name. He was so nice and polite with his North Carolina accent and hospitality. The Bloody Marys were really good and one of the better ones that I have had in a long time. I ordered the omelet with crab for breakfast and thought it was very good if you like crab. I would definitely come back if I were on a layover. I think it is one of the better food places in the airport.
3	The Cream of Crab soup is actually quite good and keeps the rating at 3 stars but just barely. Also got a Caesar salad that was in no way, shape or form a Caesar. OK it had some slightly limp Romaine as well as boxed croutons and some shreds of Parm but, the dressing...  First, since when does Caesar dressing come on the side?  Second, since when does it look and taste like bottled Kraft Italian!?!?I also ordered a side of 4 fried shrimp. The menu described them as lightly hand dusted, etc but, these looked and tasted suspiciously like something the Gorton's fisherman hauled in and sold to Sea Pak. Service was fast, friendly and efficient and also helps keep an A-OK rating intact. Overall, much too pricey for what you get quality-wise.
1	What a ripoff! I got a crab soup togo, it was maybe 8 oz, the cup was not even filled up for $7. And, it was not very tasty, not even close to what I expected. The deli 100 ft down the concourse is priced at $4,  I'll go there from now on.
3	Just average, crab meat does not taste ocean fresh, could be from a can. Service is just average. Would not go back if there is another lay over in Charlotte
4	Though the place was a buzz - I managed to find a nice table for two along the garage door windows and picked up on the Charlotte Airport FREE internet allowing me to get caught up on my "Check Ins". Service was extremely fast and my drink and food were at my table before I could even log on to my lap top - even though it was busyThe place seemed clean and my waiter was fast, friendly and came through on all my special requests. The blackend Ahi Tuna was cooked perfectly, the waffle fries might have been a touch on the cold side, the cole slaw was a bit larger in size then I prefer, but the taste was great. The four little hushpuppies rounded out the meal bringing the meal to a solid 3 stars.Putting it altogether - the speed of the food and the service brings this place to a 4 star!
3	I spend way too much time in airports which leads to a lot of very questionable food decisions. A seafood restaurant is a bit more unique than a lot of the standard fare on offer, so I took advantage of the opportunity to avoid another Chili's Too or those creepy boxed sandwiches. I'll be honest, I set my expectations appropriately and wasn't expecting a Michelin starred quality experience here. I knew what I was getting myself into and based on that I wasn't disappointed. Were the crabcakes mushy and oily? Sure.  Did all the greasy fried stuff make me want to throw myself down an escalator 20 minutes later? Naturally. But it still managed to be a comforting respite during a long day (week) of travel, the service was efficient, the wine pours generous, and I'm glad it was there. And those mashed potatoes? Enabled me to continue on living without too much further questioning of my life choices.
4	Crab omelette I had here was wonderful and tasty. My waiter was a cool fella who was very kind and attentive, I'd stop here again on my next layover.
1	Positives- friendly staff. The crab soup good.  Was better than rest of menu.Cons- fried shrimp and veggies from frozen package.  Crab cake average sitting on lettuce covered with oil.Maybe the burgers are better.Not worth the price ... soup / 1 beer / fried shrimp = $45 ouch!!!!!
1	Didn't come in for the food, just a drink whilst waiting for a connecting flight.They close at 11:00, the beers on tap tasted old, flat and were served very warm. The bartender didn't seem to care either, and charged $17 for two beers? Really?Never, ever again.
4	Great place for a quick bite and a drink.  Staff was very friendly, which is hard to find in an airport restaurant.  My company paid for the meal so I didn't care about the prices.
3	I had a massive layover so I decided to look for a good meal. Seafood looked good and different than typical airport fare. I ordered the steamed shrimp as an appetizer, and it was good if you don't mind peel n eat. House wine is decent, a bit pricey but acceptable. For my main course I ordered the combo platter.....eeh it was ok. I'd probably stick to something closer to my gate next time
3	I may have come at a bad time but the food and drinks were bad.  I've had a good experience before but this time was really bad, but I will still give them 3 stars because I know this is not the standard.
2	My friend and I swung by Phillip's for a quick bite while our plane made a stop in Charlotte (our gate was right next to the restaurant). It's pretty simple - sit down, place your order when a waiter comes around, and get your food pretty quickly. The only real complaint is that the food's a bit expensive (as all airport food is) and that they didn't have BBQ sauce when I requested it for the chicken tenders. Aside from that, the food was pretty much what'd you expect overall from this kind of joint. The tenders were pretty standard, served with honey mustard sauce. The seafood platter comes with fried shrimp, crab cakes, and some spring rolls. I felt better for not getting the bigger crab cakes when I had theirs - the crab meat was extremely nondescript, coated in fried breadcrumbs but with an indistinguishable taste aside from that. The spring rolls were okay, if unspectacular, and the fried shrimp was decent.You're not going to get much service here - our waiter had to be flagged to give us our check - but it's an airport spot, so you can't really set expectations too high. I'd probably stop by if I wanted something other than standard fast food in the airport, but there's not much any other reason to come by here.
2	I know it is the airport....I'm not expecting excellence. BUT a place known for seafood should at least have quality seafood.  I found the tuna to be a bit tough, almost steak like. The flavors weren't bad, but it just wasn't worth the price.
3	Not bad for airport food. I had the tuna which was ok. People next to me had calamari that looked good and they said it was awesome.
2	Not great...lobster bisque tasted fishy, dirty martini was way too salty. Better than other airport options, but don't count on a great meal.
3	As airports go, it can difficult to locate a spot that has decent food, decent service and a few choices.  Phillips Seafood fits that bill.  I had no high expectations as I entered. I was interested in something other than the typical airport wrap, taco or burger. I had the Ahi Tuna as recommended by the server. The tuna was a bit on the chewy side.  The vegetable medley and Cole slaw were tasty. Phillips won't be in the running for Charlotte's best seafood anytime in the near future. But, the Server was prompt, courteous and efficient. Given prompt service and a nice spacious window seat for people watching, I can forgive a lot of things.  Next time, I'll try the crab cakes.  They looked very good!
1	$37.65 got me two small, flat, unimpressive crabcakes that look nothing like the picture, a handful of chopped up romaine, half slice of tomato and 4 deep fried pieces of mystery food that looked like tater tots.  Absolutely ridiculous. The double crabcake meal is an absolute travesty.  Ridiculous that they would serve something that looks like a it could be any pre-packaged crabcake and a handful of the cheapest  letttuce they could find. Last time I will every eat there and I would never recommend this place. I have rarely been more disappointed in a meal. This was a $12 meal at best.
5	Great customer service. Had 20 minutes to eat before next flight. Love the cream of crab soup. Crab and shrimp spring rolls were good too. They are more like egg rolls than what I would think a traditional spring roll to be.
2	There aren't many great choices in the Charlotte airport - we thought we'd try the crabcakes (which they claim to be great), the coconut shrimp, and the calamari.  60 Minutes later, we wished we had forgone airport restaurant food and gotten our McDonald's fix.  The food quality was not great - calamari rubbery, coconut shrimp not very coconutty, crabcakes were sorta oily, and very expensive for what you get.On a positive note, our server was speedy, it was crowded but our table was cozy.
4	I was not going to get fast food or any other option for food that I could get back at home. I never heard of Phillips, so with 30 minutes till boarding time, I hesitantly stopped in since I hadn't eaten all day.I explained my situation to my server-  THANK YOU, DEREK for lightning fast service from taking my order to serving my food, getting my bill, and even having time to check in on me, all in less than 20 minutes! 5***** star service!!!!!!It's not bad for airport food. If you think of it with any other mentality, it'll be like average diner food. I ordered the miniature crabcakes since crabcakes seem to be a signature dish. They were a bit dry, and crumbled apart too easily. It was flavorful though and definitely didn't need the tartar sauce. The seafood bisque hit the spot. It tasted like good comfort homemade soup that was made with hours of care over a stove. The hint of Phillips seafood rub in it added a slight kick.
4	Thai Springs rolls were great, and just like I've enjoyed at actual Thai restaurants.  Service was great and fast, friendly staff and cold beer.  If you 30 min to spare in C concourse in Charlotte give 'em a try!
2	Positives:* The waitress was very nice.* They were open on Christmas Eve.Negatives:* The waitress was not remotely competent.* The beer was skunked.* The fries--which took 15 minutes to arrive--were pale and ice cold.
3	Was trying to get the one in the airport...but this is the one that kept coming up!
4	Seafood restaurant in the airport at the end of Terminal C! The service is pretty quick, the place is very clean and doesn't smell fishy, and the food is pretty good! I really enjoyed the Clam Chowder and my waitress was fantastic!Stop and have a beer! 4 Stars
4	Expensive for what you get, which isn't much, but the quality if the jumbo lump crab cake is mouth watering good! Their bloody Mary's are pretty tasty but they should be at $14 a pop! I hope the double shots of vodka hold up for my flight! All in all, I'd love it if they had 2 crab cakes instead of only 1 in the crab cake dinner.  You definitely go away feeling hungry if you don't indulge in the sides.
2	I tried this place when I was doing a transfer at the Charlotte airport. I tried the Crab Omelette, which at $13, was very pricey. It was an interesting concept, but the quality of the food was very average. The service is quick, however, and the server is quite attentive.
3	I tried this place in spite of the reviews. Bar customer service is EXCELLENT! (Hence the extra star) Food, not so good. Caesar Salad dressing is a bit bitter, not creamy like I prefer. Mash potatoes tasteless and bitter. Won't eat here again.. Bartender was cute and friendly though :)
2	This place gets two instead of one star only because of the very pleasant bartender. I mistakenly ordered a 9oz house white wine (instead of 6oz) without looking at the menu. Had I known it would cost more than a BOTTLE of wine ($19.50), I wouldn't have bothered. So, thanks, Phillips, for letting me experience the most expensive glass of just ok house wine in my life. I ordered a Caesar salad and crab cake bites. The Caesar was the worst I have ever had. Basically romaine lettuce, croutons and some shredded parm with.. Wait for it... Italian dressing! I kid you not. I had to ask if they gave me the wrong dressing because it was definitely Italian and not Caesar and sure enough, it was awfully correct. This salad was $9. The crab cake bites were good, but 5 super tiny bites for what they charged was nuts. I'm still in shock. My bill came to $49 including tip. The biggest rip off I've experienced in a long time. Tip: go elsewhere. I should have sensed trouble when I walked in at peak lunch time to discover a wide open bar.
1	Wow. Staff work hard, but service slow. Ordered edamame and mini crab cakes. I've been ripped off in airports before but this takes it to a new level. Super small quantities of poor quality food. Would not return.
3	airport food has changed - good quick service - fresh made lunch dishes - nice atmosphere although in an airport - wide array of fresh seafood on the menu
2	Crab cakes are the specialty here ... So you'd like to think a lot of care would be taken in the prep and presentation.  I ordered the crab cake mini app - mini for sure 5 tiny over fried (in old oil) teeny little crab cake balls. Not a lot of flavor.  They missed the boat on this one. Friendly, attentive staff earned the stars.
2	Just writing a quick review to remind myself to never come in here again. Service is always gruff,  drinks and food waaaay over priced. .. And now I can add poor food quality to my list of issues. I should know better.  My salad (see pic) was missing three of the 5-6 listed ingredients,  came with maybe an ounce of dressing... And if those are mixed baby greens,  I was born on Mars! Just one of those leftover dinosaurs from the days when airports could get away with everything... it needs a gut job!  Oh, did I mention the obviously backed up grease trap coating my food,  my clothes,  etc with a stench that's beyond nauseating?
1	The food was partially good but it took 10-20minutes just to come out and then the food wasn't even hot!! Plus the portions were ok!!! Food was greasy!! And cold!!!
1	Starbucks nearby had a line wrapped around the corner, so I decided to try this place. They had breakfast. My flight was quick, so I hoped I would get fast service. Unfortunately, no service. And there were maybe 5 customers. I see why Starbucks had the long line.I went next door and got a monster and hummus, then out of spite at the good at Phillips. Ahhh then the service was prompt!  Evidently when someone goes to get food, they are gone and no one else is capable of helping. I look and the Starbucks line has to be 30 deep.
4	Whenever I'm in the Charlotte, NC airport I always make the trek Down to the end of terminal C to eat at Phillips seafood. Decorated with tin, you get the feeling you are on the banks of the Atlantic Ocean at a fisherman's wharf.Phillips' specialty is the Lobster roll. The lobster roll is chunks of lobster served on a toasted bun with a light butter sauce. It comes with waffle fries in a tall plastic cup.  You need a little salt and pepper on your lobster roll and then you are ready to get down!I would also like to add that my waitress was super awesome and got me in and out of there in 15 minutes today!  It took about 10 minutes to make my lunch and 5 for me to wolf it down.   Thank you super awesome waitress!  This decadent lunch is sinful, but well worth the guilt of paying $20 for lunch only to pack on the kind of calories one should eat at dinner.
1	Service is marginal at best. But it is an airport bar...but to be served old lettuce(it included the core such wad Brown) and a tomato that should have ripened 5 more days, not to mention the green snot like substance on which the lettuce was thrown on (avocado by the way) the first round of this salad was horrific! I sent it back. The second try was fresher...but why on earth would you destroy a perfectly good avocado like that?  My bad for ordering a salad. The guy next to me got the salmon. It's over cooked. Chef Ramsey...where are you?
4	I stumbled upon Phillip's Seafood while in the Charlotte airport recently, on my way to New York. I had stopped at several other places and nothing appealed to me for breakfast. For the same price I would have paid for a sandwich elsewhere, I got one of the best omelettes I've ever had in my life! It was very big, and filled with delicious crab meat and cheese; it was amazing. It also came with a generous side of potatoes and toast. Unfortunately I didn't have a lot of time, so I had to ask the server/bartender to move everything from the plate to a to-go box, so there was no time to take a pic...but I will seek it out any time I am in the Charlotte airport again! I am surprised at all the negative reviews because the service I received was exceptional, and everyone else there seemed to be enjoying it, too. I highly recommend breakfast at Phillip's Seafood!
3	Banish the notion that you're going to get a real lobster roll here. That was a mistake!  I'd go elsewhere if I had the time. I did not so I kinda ate here mid-day on Monday. Located at gate C13. Crab chowder/cream of crab soup was actually very good, tasting of crab and served hot without lumps of flour glopping it up. I'd recommend that soup even if it is pricey, but hey it's an airport. Lobster roll was awful. Fortunately waitress took it off my bill -- and offered a cup of water to go(!). Unfortunately I didn't get to eat more than two bites. I lived in Maine and this is not a Maine lobster roll. It is ground up seafood saturated in fat on a proper toasted hot dog bun. It tastes horrid. Next time I plan to high tail it over to Bojangles in concourse B.
2	For a quick snack this would be a good place to enjoy as you're waiting for your flight in the Charlotte airport. However I do not recommend the lobster bisque it is very watery yet tasteful very very little lobster. The buffalo shrimp was very heavily breaded and will set your mouth on fire.
2	I stopped here for breakfast. The menu says eggs your way. That really means any way as long as scrambled. The whole breakfast was marginal at best.  Server was good and friendly and rescues it from 1 star. Good food in the Charlotte airport is impossible to come by.
2	Stopped here for dinner while  waiting for our flight. BIG. MISTAKE! The lobster bisque. Soup took 20 minutes to arrive and came out cold. They happily nuked it for me. It had a thick scum on top as if its been in that bowl for a year!!!. My friend had a horrible burger. Poor quality meat and bun. Stale lettuce and tomatoes. He said."Burger King" is better. So it's 8:10pm and they close at 9pm. A girl stood in their entrance. And turned 6 people away.saying..."we are closing soon and we can't serve anymore food"( say what?)We drank ice tea without meals but soon learned No MORE REFILLS! They were out of tea. We wondered if the owner knows how much business they lose buy closing one hour earlier. We won't ever eat there again!
2	Not impressed with the crab cake sliders. Too small for the bun and mushy. The waffle fries are good though
4	Stopped in at Phillips Seafood at CLT for breakfast while I was waiting for my flight back to ATL. This is a chain that I have seen in various airports but was never able to try. Well, I am glad that I had the chance today. The restaurant was right next to my gate so that was super convenient.The restaurant was clean and the staff friendly, welcoming me as I entered. My server, Alison, was friendly and efficient. In a word, great! I ordered hot water with lemon to drink and I was pleased when I received substantial sized lemon slices. I hate receiving super thin lemon slices that you can barely get any juice from. For my meal, I ordered the crab meat omelet which came with potatoes, and wheat toast (Texas toast is also an option). Yum!!! The potatoes were crispy and flavorful, simply amazing. The omelet comes with what they call crabby sauce which I requested to have on the side since honestly the name didn't quite sit well with me. However, the sauce was actually pretty tasty and I ended up pouring over the omelet which was stuffed with backfin crab and Swiss cheese. Delish!Food is is hot and flavorful. Prices are reasonable (my omelet was less than $11). If you are traveling through Charlotte or any other location that has a Phillips Seafood, I recommend you drop in for breakfast.
2	Pretty much as expected.  Airport.  "Lobster".  Those two just don't seem to go together, and at Philips,  they definitely didn't.  I got an entree salad and decided to have the "lobster" put on top.  There WAS some lobster on the salad, which seemed to have been microwaved.  Also there was some other meat which tasted like crab.  Hmm.  I didn't eat too much of it.  The entree salad was generous and really good, however.  My server was nice , but she was just trying to up sell the hell outta me, which puts me Ill at ease.  Next time I will stick to the salad.
2	Passable fries. Burger was not good. Lobster roll ok. I apologized to everyone in my party for taking them in there.
