2	It was early on in the dinner hours when we arrived. The place has a similar feel to it's Uptown cousin Nix and started off giving pretty good vibes. It looks nice and there was a good crowd inside. They even have a nice looking outdoor seating area. Unfortunately, we never got the chance to experience the food! They were already out of the wings on special. After this bit of bad news, we asked for a minute to pick something else, but put in an appetizer order. Quite a while later the server came back and dropped off the drinks, but before we could even stop her to finally place our order she was gone...and didn't return before our drinks were finished (about 20 minutes). We decided to give up on eating since God knows how long it might have taken to actually get the food if we ever finally got to place an order.     Other notes: -The booth was covered in grease and crumbs so apparently somebody actually was served food at this table at one point-Getting to the restroom was kind of a cluster maneuvering through the servers entering orders-The whole place seemed almost chaotic and unorganized with food and drinks being brought to wrong tablesMaybe another week of preparation before the opening would've been a good idea. i'm hoping the kinks will get worked out soon because we really want to like this place. It still got 2 stars because they are brand new and i'm sure we'll try it again in the future.  However, Sake Express (which we ended up eating at) has only been open a week and they were on top of their game.
4	The food was great and the beer selection was outstanding.  However it is a bit pricy for the area.   The wait staff is still in a break-in process, but doing well.  Admittedly, it was hard to get past the beer, any place with Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA on tap is awesome in my book.  That being said, and since I was asked....- The Black and Blue French Fries, absolutely AWESOME!- "Cheeseburger on a Pizza?" - killer pizza, the onions and cheese really set it off.
4	My sons and I love to go here on Saturday afternoons.  The Smothered and Covered Tots is a great starter and loved by all ages.  The portion size of mini hot dog sliders is spot on.  The chili and slaw combination on the 3 Dogs Rule is fantastic.The service is a little slow, but I think this is rather normal for a new restaurant.  You will be rewarded for your patience.
1	Very loud place, slow service, food that was just so-so. Overall not very impressive.
1	Ordered a Wild Turkey and coke, double. same exact drink down the road an hour ago was 7$. I just got charged 28$ for 2 drinks. Twice what I paid to another better bar. Blows.
3	Service is good for the chaos they deal with in space.  Angry tots is the current menu fave.  Love all the pizzas, except the buffalo chicken pizza.  Way too much blue cheese dressing on that one. They carry duck rabbit porter which I don't find in many places in Belmont.  When the band plays indoors, mediocrity Is overcompensated with volume and it is just not big enough space.  Still a Recommend
4	Love the beer selection! For food, be sure to try the honey chipotle wings or the fish tacos (also like the shrimp). The pricing structure changed a couple months ago (they were experimenting with price and portions after first opening) not for the better (for the consumer) but was understandable. Good daily specials. Mixed crowd is nice.
1	Dont bother. Lousy service & lousy hamburgers.
1	The food here is decent bar food (the angry tots are a crave-worthy) and I love the atmosphere. I find the pricing to be pretty cheap too (angry tots, two sodas and two orders of wings were just over $20) Plenty of flat screens and a covered deck furnished with picnic tables make this the perfect place to have a few drinks, grab a bite and watch the game. It's really quite a shame that the service *Absolutely Sucks* Every time. EVERY time. After visiting 4 times I'm pretty confident in stating that their staff is consistently horrific when it comes to service:-  Appetizers will come out with or after entree's (yeah, you heard me, after)-  Drinks will go empty for 10 minutes or more-  Entire orders may be lost (All other entrees and most other appetizers had been delivered, but the birthday guy didn't get his entree until long after we'd all finished eating...and THEN his appetizer came out after we'd all paid our checks and after he said not to bother making it lol).-  You will wait forever for your check. And if you want to split the check even two ways just bring cash and do it yourself. They can't handle that either. (Experienced this one EVERY time.)Last time we waited over 20 minutes for our check. Seriously, we'd finished our meals, consolidated our trash and stacked our plates when our waitress finally sauntered by and said she'd get our check and proceeded to a table near the front door to pick up her tip and bus the table. Uhm, hello?? The restaurant is nearly empty - could you get my check and THEN bus the table that no one is waiting on? Then she disappeared.  I eventually went walking around the restaurant with my debit card in hand trying to find our waitress so we could get the hell out of there. I asked another server and she said rather than cashing us out herself she'd find our waitress. 10 minutes later I finally spotted her and was able to corner her by the coffee station and make her print out our check. Geeze. I wanna go back, but I just can't take it. The owners seem to staff their other restaurant around the corner superbly (Old Stone Steakhouse). I'll certainly continue to frequent that town gem. I'm not sure how they handpicked such an inept staff for Jax?
2	Came here tonight with a couple of friends.  Atmosphere was nice and good place to watch a game.  Food wasn't very good and service was sub-par too.  Might come back to watch a game and grab a beer, but that's about it.
2	We don't often get to Belmont, but we happened to be there for (some reason or another) and decided to try and find someplace new. That's when we turned a corner and stumbled into Jax.On the surface, it's an interesting place, but after a minute or two, it's really not much more than a bar. "Backstreet Tavern" I think is what they call it, and I guess that is about creating some sort of vibe - really it just means that they aren't on the main drag, and bar sounds too dingy or something.If you're looking for a place to watch a game, hang out and drink, then you're fine. Otherwise, you might want to keep looking, because the service can definitely be slow, and they are certainly on the loud side.
