4	Woohoo another Don Tortaco on my regular route, located in the same shopping center as Bank of America and Wal-Mart neighborhood market by Bermuda and Silverado Ranch.  I've been waiting for this location to open for awhile, now that it's open I should be here more often. LOLGrand opening special $3.99 for either their grilled steak or grilled chicken plate which comes with beans and rice, dirt cheap. Best part is that I don't have to wait for midnight, when Coronado Cafe at South Point offers their cheap steak and egg special, Don Tortaco is 24/7 and right around the corner from South Point.  I'm hoping this location keeps this $3.99 special up for a few months just like the other locations did, it's usually $6 and some change. If you check out their website they offer some good coupons. http://www.dontortaco.com/dontortaco/DontortacoLocations.htmlDinner time.
2	good breakfast burrito, not great but nice to have one opern 24hr near by...updated 11/13/12 they have gone downhill since opening.
4	Just as good as the Don Tortaco on Eastern and Warm Springs.  This place used to be "Taco Tio" which was an abomination of a taco shop.  Don Tortaco on the other hand is one of the best chains in Las Vegas.Carne asada chips are pretty much perfect.  Good guacamole.  Not too many beans.  Competitively priced.Quesadilla is one of the best I've had in Vegas.  Very cheesy and very buttery.  The tortilla could be more flakey though.The last time I went in they were having technical problems with the cash register.  I stood around in line for over 5 minutes without even being acknowledged.  A simple "sorry, we'll be with you in a moment" would have gone a long way.  I ended up walking out.  Even with this bad experience, I'll still be back though.  The food is that good.
2	meh-Carnitas was super duper fatty and crispy in other parts b/c it was like refried. So not very healthy at all.  Like I was picking through parts of it to find the edible parts in my opinion. guac was good, pico de gallo was good, tortillas were good. I don't think I'd run there anytime soon and probably would opt for Del Taco across the street if I was craving Mexican that badly.My favorite mexican place is still Border Grille at Mandalay Bay.
4	I am originally from San Diego where there are good Mexican food places all over, but have moved away.  So when I visit a large city I always look for some good Mexican food.  I found it here at Don Tortaco.The carne asada was good, cut into small pieces for easy eating in a burrito or quesadilla.  I had a California burrito that was great and reminded me of my favorite place in San Diego. Portions were good sized also.I think the salsa/hot sauce makes or breaks a small Mexican restaurant like this one and the salsa here was very good.  There was a salsa bar with veggies and multiple sauces. An added bonus was the free wifi that is faster than Starbucks.  This place is a definite must visit each time I am in Vegas
2	The difference between Don Tortaco and Roberto's?Virtually nothing at all. I wouldn't be surprised if I found out the owners of the two similar franchises were siblings just competing against each other.They use practically the same ingredients and all the foods taste/look/seem the same, just claimed by a different franchise tag.Blindfold me and bring carne asada fries from each place and I won't be able to tell you the difference. Just like Roberto's, Tortaco's meats are mediocre. Way too grilled and doesn't even take like authentic carne asada. I'm not Mexican but I lived on Mexican food so I know what my asada and pastor tastes like~Despite its annoying similarities, it's not bad. It's worth going to here and then but nothing special. I would go maybe if I was intoxicated enough and since it's close to me.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant! Quick food & the staff is always friendly & my food always comes out perfect. Love their shrimp ceviche & it's 24 hours! When your buzzed & starving, the food here is so much better than Del Taco or Jack in the box :)
5	This place is good. And Im saying that as a San Diegan who loves Mexican food (and has been to pretty much ALL the good mexican shops in Diego).My brother took me here once and I just kinda disregarded it bc I figured LV wouldnt compare to SD... how wrong I was... Had it one time, and literally, FEINED for it while I was back in SD (got some as soon as got back to LV!) I always get the adobada burrito and have them add french fries to it (the lengua burrito is really good too... thats beef tongue for all you people who dont know wassup) ... They have a great salsa bar with green and red salsa, lots of lime, green onions, and the pickled carrots/jalapenos... I like to mix 1:1 of the green and red salsa... so delish....Not sure this place is worth the trip if youre staying on the strip, but if youre nearby and want a good burrito at a reasonable price, this place is worth it!
3	This place is pretty much like Roberto's but the reason I give it three stars is because I got the carne asada plate and it was full of fat! Gross! Anyway it's pretty similar to Roberto's
5	This place is bomb....only restaurant worth going to on this side of town if you want Mexican food
4	Pretty good. It's very low key and comfortable. Staff was very nice.
4	Pretty good place over all.  Husband had the nachos and I had the asada torta.  Only suggestion is please clean up the place a little.  The outside of the trash receptacle was disgusting.  I didn't even want to touch it to throw away my trash.  Looked like it has never been cleaned.
2	I am in search of a taco that is at least edible.  I ordered 2 tacos and tossed 1.5 tacos.  Not even close to a street taco in So Cal or Mexico.  And they were more than $2.50 each.  Highway robbery for a terrible taco.  People here were really friendly though.  Only reason they got a 2 and not a 1 was the people in the building.
5	Closest thing to "authentic" Mexican food,  service is good,  they are always friendly.  This place is always clean.  Menu is similar to Robertos but this place is cleaner and food taste so much better.
4	We put in some work here! Asada nachos are yummy! Tortas weren't so great for this place being named after them. Overall it was good & we will be back.
5	This is Roberto's without the hype. Extremely well made food to order.  Asada burrito and chicken taquitos were delicious. The salsa bar had dozens of perfectly ripe and cut limes which I enjoy. The only negative I had were the spicy carrots weren't crunchy - a bit soft for my liking. I will never go to Roberto's again!!
3	This place is hit or miss. The food is authentic (as you can watch them cook it fresh) however, some products seemed as though they could have been microwaved. I still say it's better than Roberto's :)
4	Don Tortaco always comes to mind whenever I'm hungry in the wee hours of the night. And surprisingly enough, I'm always craving this place while I'm 100% sober.This is your go-to place when there's little to no options at night giving you good food at a reasonable time with a reasonable price... For Mexican food. My four stars is strictly based on my usual order: rolled tacos, regular tacos, carne asada fries/nachos and quesadillas.If I want burritos, I'd go to Phat Phranks off of 2-15 & Decatur (they're not open 24/7 though) but I'll get into that in another review. As of right now, right around the block type food, this is the place. And it's right next door to a Neighborhood Walmart making your late-night errands run smoothly.
1	Ummmm... Noooooo! This spot isn't very good at all. I've been twice since I've moved here on 10/24/14. I don't even know why I went back a 2nd time after the 1st. Don'ttttt dooooo itttttt...
2	I used to come here all the time because it was open 24 /7. But the last two times I went, I have decided I won't be back because my burrito was so wet and watery that it totally soaked through the wrapping and dribbled all over the place. I do believe they have a different staff who works there at night than before. Someone needs to show them how not to make a burrito not so watery and to drain the ingredients . It's a shame because it was a great place to stop at at 3 a.m. on my way home from a late night. Prices are reasonable and service was always very fast.
