4	Little Cafe Bistro Van Houtte is in the Food Section inside the Palais des Congres. Walking by to decide where to grab a quick bite, the Cafe looked relaxing and fresh.There were 2 girls at the counter and 1 guy in the back kitchen for a bistro that had looked empty.  Everything you can order is in the display case or displayed on the counter, some items are sold out. The girls said the cookies are made fresh everyday. I looked at the cookie wrapper and it had an expiry date of tomorrow , yes fresh!The girls were very helpful and I ordered a Ciabatta, a Cesar Salad mixed with a bit of the Spinach salad, a Large Coffee, and an Oatmeal cookie.The Ciabatta was Ham and Brie with spinach in it. They put it in a hot press and serve cut in half. It was crunchy and tasty, the cheese didn't really melt but was still a good sandwich.The Caesar was tasty and still crunchy ( you never know with ready made salads from a display case..). It had bits of Real Bacon, real Parmesan , still crunchy seasoned croutons made with their toasted multigrain bread, the dressing was light and flavourful .  Delicious Caesar salad yumm. I also got to try the Spinach salad too and it had baby spinach greens, a delicate dressing and crunchy Chop Souey.  Really great salads and decent portion.The Oatmeal cookie was not chewy, it was crumbly  and wasn't overly sweet. It let the Oats flavour shine through . The Kureg coffee maker at the InterContinental Hotel across the street had the Van Houtte coffee Pods.     The coffee is always going to be good if its Al Van Houtte. Delicious coffee and the Bistro was cute and relaxing, I'de come back to any location.
3	Location Location Location!I usually don't visit Van Houtte as the coffee is not my Cup of Coffee?!This location is just so convenient, located right inside Palais des Congres. Great to chill out a little in between my beer drinking (I was there during beer fest!) Have a coffee before my beer drinking in the morning... Plenty of seating and free unsecured wifi! There are 2 outlets for your electronic needs: great for me to charge up my dying phone!Of course there are other options in the area, but during winter you don't even need to go outside in the cold at all!!
4	nice service personnel. espresso had a good taste. no hurry to leave the table. WLAN for guests available.
