3	It's not (terribly) often that I review a supermarket.  But there are times that you just have to step up and say something.  This is one of those times.We stopped into Bi-Lo to pick up a couple of drinks.  Not cocktails, mind you, not even 2 Liters or twelve packs.  But a couple of 20 ounce bottles.  This experience took at least ten minutes.It wasn't that they were busy.  It wasn't even a busy time of day.  It was early one Saturday morning.  There were a couple of cashiers there.  But oddly, they were all on the same register.To make things worse, this location has self-service registers.  But they were closed.  All of them.So you couldn't check yourself out, and the cashiers that were all there were all helping the same person on the same register.  But that's not all.This person wasn't someone doing the weekly groceries during a non-busy time of the week.  They were like us, picking up a couple of things on the spur of the moment. So why were the cashiers all working on the same register to help them?  I have no idea.  It has bugged me ever since, and I just can't figure it out.  I think they were just incompetent.  I don't like to assume that about people, but I really have no other choice.Fortunately, the store itself is pretty sweet.  They have a produce counter.  Think meat counter, but for produce.  It might be manned by Walter himself.  They have live lobsters that they will steam for you while you shop.  Is it worth the trade-offs?  I'm not sure.  But you might want to check it out.
2	Bi-lo is called Bi-Lo for a reason, especially if its not Super Bi-Lo (which I'm assuming means average quality rather than less-than-average).  I've never been impressed with the chain, but I occasionally shop at this store for certain items.In nearly every instance that I go to Bi-Lo, there is a long line with one or two cashiers.  Self check-out is available, but I have only seen it open twice in three years.  The meat selection isn't bad, but you must check the date.  I've caught them selling meat a day or two past the expiration.  I almost bought some tortillas once, until I realized they expired ONE MONTH PRIOR.  The same goes for the produce; I can usually spot a couple of bags of browning lettuce.  Having been a "hater" enough in this review, I would recommend shopping here for your non-perishables.  Breads, canned goods, cereals, snacks, and those delicious things called Twinkies are usually on sale.  If you need meat or produce or anything that requires in-house prep, go to Food Lion, Lowes Food, or  *gasp* Harris-Teeter.  You'll pay more at other stores, but you won't regret it.
1	I shoped here once or twice and had no problems. Then when I went back the third time was a charm!I purchased a few things two I was very excited for. Hummus and my boyfriends fave - Red velvet cake.Needless to say I got home to have some Hummus to see that the container was open and leaking. Ok I'll just bring it back. No biggie.Ha! I cut a slice of cake and found a 2 inch gray hair sticking straight through my slice and the remaining cake. GREAT!!!The staff was very concerned when I took the items back and slammed the cake on the counter. Then again they should be. This place is filthy!!!!! It should be condemned.
2	Well Hello freinds... Hope all is well!!BiLo is BiLo... I don't feel much of a need to write a review for a grocery store (even though that's exactly what i'm doing now) except for times when they go OUT of their way for good customer service or when it seems someone (maybe the GM) has gone out of the way as in OUT on lunch. As in OUT of the way of sight, help, cleaning, restocking, removing old, beat up looking produce. I mean this place reminded me of the old Parking Shop on Wilkerson Blvd back in the days. -Dark brown mean.-No prices on the ground turkey (about 10-15 packs).. NO PRICE LISTED-Very brused green bell peppers (Which are actually a chilli, thanks Alton Brown... God I love that guy.. he's like Mr. Wizard, Mr. Rogers and FoodNetwork combined)rant over... sorry about that.-produce area made me feel like i was at a TJMaxx or something. Everything everywhere.Maybe it was an off night..........Then again.... Maybe it wasn't!!
2	One time I was there it took them about 15 minutes to just get someone to the cash register come on! I eventually just left.
5	I love this grocery store. It's so close to my home. They offer a variety or products and everyone has been pretty friendly. Bathrooms would use a little updating but so far so good. This has been my third visit. I will continue to come here.
2	Today I was upbraided by a man who was bringing in the shopping carts (2 of them). When I placed my cart in the corral he told me I should bring it in so he doesn't have to come out in the rain to get it (the sky was cloudy but it wasn't raining). He was rather annoyed & glaring at me. I realize he has Down syndrome but Bi-Lo should not hire anyone who is going to be rude to customers.
