4	Great wings!  Always great service.  This restaurant is very clean and everyone is very friendly.  It's nice to find a place with quality wings.  All chain pizza joints have god-awful piles of garbage posing as chicken wings.  Not this place.  Please don't confuse it with Wing Street--they are not in the same league.  Many flavors of wings and boneless wings.  I can never go wrong with the standard 'hot.'  The only problem I have when I go here is that I usually order too many.  At least they're good cold from the fridge.
2	The prices, at first glance, look decent but that's just how they pull you in. They nickel and dime you on everything else. What started as a $12 order of 20 wings turned out to be a $19 order. All we ordered was two drinks and two ranches in addition. I ordered the Garlic and Parmesan and my partner ordered the Cajun. His turned out ok, but mine were a wreck. I expected a wing sauce with garlic and parmesan. All I got was my group of wings doused in parmesan and just a light brushing of plain garlic. No sauce whatsoever. When I say soused I mean DOUSED. I had to ask for a little side of plain wing sauce to make them edible, for which they charged me 69 cents! Bottom line is this place was very disappointing when for the same price I could've gone to Little Caesars and bought three pizzas AND an order of wings. Very overrated.
5	This place is always consistent.  The wings are great, service is efficient and predictable.  The variety of foods is limited, it really is just a wing joint, so not a lot more to say.  The unusual varieties like the garlic parmesan are really great.  Love the atomic sauce.
4	Wingstop takes me back to my college days in Las Vegas when me and my friends would make runs to this place after classes. I was so relieved to discover several of them since I moved to AZ! This location is most convenient to me and is consistently yummy like the one I went to in Vegas. The place is so simple; chicken wings, boneless wings or chicken fingers a limited amount of sides and dipping sauces. I love it because their traditional wings are not breaded and they make each batch fresh when you order them. My fav flavors have to be garlic Parmesan and the lemon pepper, and when I'm in the mood, BBQ. Their fries are delish too, they are super fresh and they season them with a mix of this salt that has a hint of sweetness to it...it's seriously addicting. The fries dipped in their ranch dressing is an orgasmic experience for me, the sweet, salty crunchy mmmm just delish! The ranch is the good kind too, it's nice and thick no watery dressing found here! This is my go to spot when I just want to pick up some quick and easy food. Wingstop I'll see you later this month :-)
2	I kind of get the impression that the other two reviews were written by friends of the establishment, because I do not share their sentiments at all. Every now and then I get cravings for wings. And I'm talking standard, blue-collar, messy, ready to be dipped in bleu cheese chicken wings. I got excited when I moved to the area a few months ago and noticed a location called "wing stop", thinking I had found my home. Unfortunately, a friend that was with me shared the same underwhelming feeling that I did. When you walk in, the place has the feel of the bad chains you see in airports. The menu is limited, and kind of odd in the sauce and choices, and this is a wing place that charges extra for extra sauce, carrots, and celery. I mean, who charges for celery (except hooters, and that's a whole other rant)? The wings were, however, made to order, so despite an apprehensive first impression we were still optimistic. The first sight of the wings didn't prove to be a turn in the right direction, they were pretty standard, maybe even a little undersized...kind of disappointing for the wing stop, you know? The flavor and taste was good, but nothing more special than that $4 dozen you can get at the vine on Tuesday's (ahhh college memories). These were standard bar fare appetizer wings at quality wing prices. The fries that came with them were probably the best part, so needless to say, I'm glad I satisfied my curiosities but will not be returning. I don't write reviews to bash an establishment, but felt I needed to add my opinion, because the first two seem very misleading compared to the experience I had.
2	I was expecting an experience to BW3s, but that is not what I got. The Parmesan garlic wings do not have sauce on them, but are instead soaked in butter with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over top. Totally disgusting.  Their menu doesn't even mention that it isn't a sauce. The fries also have a weird sugary sweet kind of thing going on. They weren't very good.I couldn't get through more than a few bites of each.It's possible that the wings that actually have sauce (though the menu doesn't point out which those are) might be better, but I will never know...I won't ever be back.
4	Solid wings and solid service.  Not a bad lunch spot.  Wings are always cooked fresh so its usually about a 15 minute wait for your food.
4	still the best Wingstop in town!
4	This was my first visit to a Wing Stop.  Overall, I had a good experience.  I ordered an individual combo online (8 classic wings with fries and a drink for about $8). I was given a pickup time of 25 minutes later. When I picked up my order (2 minutes after the pickup time), it was ready, and waiting on a small table just behind the cashier.  The cashier was fast, not overly friendly or peppy, but efficient and business like.  Not a huge turnoff, but not a stellar impression, either.  More important to me was that my order was ready on time, correct, and I was in and out quickly - all of which exceeded my expectations.This location does *not* have the Coke Freestyle machine (as advertised at "select locations" on their website), by the way.  Fountain drinks included  Coke, Diet Coke (I think), some kind of punch, Minute Maid lemonade, Dr. Pepper and a couple of iced tea flavors (separate from the fountain dispenser).So, the food.  I am one of those that can not deal with spicy foods, even fake spicy - like Taco Bell.  However, I do get cravings for honey wings, which most places do not have.  I first had them at Final Round (bar in Tempe), and the craving haunts me from time to time.  :-)  Wing Stop had a better flavor selection than most restaurants in my work area, including teriyaki and Hawaiian, so those are the two flavors I ordered.  I was not disappointed.  I had to try one of each of them right away (partially because I had been looking up wing joints for an hour previous to actually ordering and was more than ready to eat - partially to see if they were lukewarm from sitting out on a table prior to my arrival).  The temperature was perfect - nice and warm without being too hot to eat comfortably, the meat was juicy and tender, and the sauce was thick in consistency and applied liberally.  The Hawaiian wings had the honey flavor I was looking for with just a hint of pineapple in them.  The teriyaki wings tasted more soy saucey than most, and, as a result, were more salty than sweet.  Now, the fries.  Someone else wrote a review mentioning them, so I was forewarned.  It was a very strange experience eating them.  My taste buds were both intrigued and disgusted.  First it was sweet (ooooh!), then my brain kicked in and was like "What?!? You're supposed to taste like potatoes and salt - not pancakes!"  Suffice to say, all but 3 of the fries went to waste.  When I was able to sit down and eat the rest of the wings 25 minutes after my initial order pick up, the wings had maintained their perfect temperature, which is a big deal to me.Is Wing Stop my new favorite place?  No, just by virtue of their specialty (and limited menu as a result).  I did, however, have a good experience overall, and know where I can meet my honey wings craving during business hours.  Will I return?  Probably.  The Hawaiian wings hit the spot (next time I'm getting those only!), and I'll have no problem remembering to NOT get the fries again.Hope this helps!
3	Tried this place for the first time last year after a long day of work at the near-by business.  I ordered a lot of boneless wings with different flavors.  I especially love the garlic sauce, but I didn't talk with anyone after I ate it.  I also love their fries too.  I was sharing the wings with my girl and we spend undisclosed amount of money on our dinner.  Might go back again if I'm craving wings or fries!
5	This 5 star rating applies to this Wingstop and every other Wingstop it have been too. I'm giving them 5 stars because they are simply the best at what they do.  I'll start with their wings. They use a quality grade of chicken wing to start with, wings are a nice size but not artificially large like those humongous hormone wings you see some places. The wings are always fried perfectly crispy, to order, And tossed in the sauce of your choice. I usually go with Parmesan Garlic, lemon pepper or Louisiana rub, all of these flavors are delicious and I have yet to get tired of them. Aside from wings, their fries are to die for and they have the best ranch dressing I have tasted in my life. Wingstop is getting the 5 star rating from me by default. When I want good wings, fast, there's no alternative. The "competition" like long wongs, wing street and even BWW doesn't come close as far as quality or flavor. Wingstop is invaluable to me as it's really the only place that does wings right in my area and they have proven to be consistent and FAST.
2	it was very convenient for lunchtime. Customer service was okay they weren't very excellent to explain some sauce to us first timers. Parking was available.
5	Great wings. Great price. Great customer service. Can't find wings accompanied by this service anywhere else!!
3	I'd really give it 3.5 stars if I could! I'll be honest and say Wingstop is nothing special, BUT if you're craving wings then this is the place for you. I'm a fan of their takeout so I can gorge in the comfort of my own home, usually whilst watching football or some sporting event with my boyfriend. Wings and sports just go together like peanut butter and jelly. Also great if you want to get a large order for friends to enjoy with you! My boyfriend and I are kinda in love with the Lemon Pepper wings. We order more of those than any other flavor. I'm not a huge fan of the BBQ wings, but I don't particularly like any BBQ wings, I prefer the Lemon Pepper or the Original. Can never go wrong with original and can always go right with the Lemon Pepper. Their online ordering system makes it easy so you can pick it up at your convenience. Want wings? Go here.
2	20 minutes for a small order and we were the ONLY people waiting for food. -_- annoying but love the rolls
4	First time at this WingStop. Been getting their wings for years at other locations and just discovered this one near work. Ordered online and order was right on time. Ordered the eight piece combo with fries and a drink for just under $10. Got original hot and Louisiana Rub. The fries were good but, as with all fast food joints, they give you the fryer leftovers so my basket had some loser fries. Too bad. The wings were very good. The Original Hot were a bit slight of sauce but not too much. The Rub wings were perfect: crispy, juicy and a good amount of rub on them. The counter service was excellent and efficient with a soft up sell on the drink, since I paid at the store. Overall, always good wings but fries are a crapshoot when you take them to go.
