5	If you want a really great stylist, then Shellynn is the stylist for you.  She can do everything from men's and women's haircuts, colors, highlights, perms, and, funky unusual hair colors that you might want in your hair.  She is really good about fitting you in when you call in to make an appt.  In Vegas I would not go anywhere else but to her, plus she was a part of hair wars and kicked butt.
5	If you want a Kick Ass Hair Stylist you need to go and try Shellynn !!!! She can do Mens and Women's  simple to the unusual .. Also great at doing color I will never go anywhere else again...
5	Shellynn is a true artist with creating my multi-dimensional hair color.  I get so many compliments on how beautiful  my color is.  I am very picky about my haircuts and Shellynn never fails to give me a precision haircut. After 5 years in Las Vegas I finally found my hairstylist.
5	This is the 2nd time having my hair done by Shellynn. The first time I had been dying my hair red for years and she easily made me blonde! My hair felt so soft afterward! Yesterday was my first touch up of my new look and I went back because she did such a good job before. The only request I had was to make the blonde blonder... Which she did. I look good :o) I didn't get a cut this time but last time she cut my hair just like I asked. Waiting till next time to trim again cuz I'm growin it out! I def recommend her for all your hair needs! I love the scalp massage when gettin hair washed! ;o)
5	As a new client, I really appreciated how Shellynn took the time to have a separate consultation appointment with me. I felt she really listened to what I wanted, and worked with me to come up with a color and cut that would work for me. I love that she sees clients on the weekends (both Saturday and Sunday!) as I have a Monday through Friday job.Shellynn did a wonderful job with my color and cut, she was able to bring my slightly ombre blonde (well, let's face it, my roots had grown out quite a bit) and straggly split ends back to a very natural and extremely well-blended honey blonde with a perfect long layered cut.I have tried several salons and stylists since I moved to Vegas a couple of years ago and haven't been able to find the same high-quality, talented stylists as I was used to in So Cal. Shellynn is the first stylist I can say I am completely happy with in LV. She is a great colorist and stylist. I will definitely be a regular client from now on!
5	I just moved here from San Diego and had the same hairdresser for 12 yrs, but based on her excellent Yelp reviews, I went to see Shellyn.  I couldn't be happier with my beautful haircut!  She was so patient, listened to me, and cut my hair far better than anyone has in years.  And on a quiet Sunday afternoon.  I'm hooked!!!!!
5	After being in Vegas for just over 2 years, I can finally say I've found the best hairstylist. Shellynn genuinely listens to what you're looking for and delivers way above expectation. She took the time to ask what I was doing to my hair every day in order to offer customized tips how I should take care of it better during appointments. This past appointment she didn't bat an eye at last minute highlights and went above and beyond. My hair looks absolutely gorgeous! I couldn't ask for more and I will definitely stay a loyal customer.
4	My first time with Shellynn. She looked, she listened, she made no judgements. After she actually got her hands IN MY HAIR, she confidently admitted that she could fix my .... Sad, sad mess. She was not cocky, no chip on her shoulder, no attitude. **She actually concentrated and focused on cutting my hair WHICH I WELCOME WITH ABANDON! (small talk is so unnecessary and frankly, gets in the way of a proper cut). What I happily left with was a vastly improved head of hair. She took more than the appointed time and did a wonderful job. I WILL be going back to her in just 5 weeks, NO DOUBT! Thank you Shellynn! Hug!!
5	She always gets it juuuust right! Love my hair! Beautiful color correction. Brilliant woman.
5	Love love love my hair and shellynn! I am new to Vegas and was very worried about how to find someone to do my hair! I saw shellynn on yelp and she has great reviews and now I know why! I love my Brazilian blowout and my cut and color! Shellynn is professional and friendly and I am so happy to have found her!
5	Used a Groupon to find Shellynn and will be returning to her in the near future. She has a great personality and she took her time to fix the problems that my hair has. I didn't feel unloved and shoved-through the door. Thanks Shellynn.
5	shellynn's highlights are as good as it gets. i'm very nervous about hair stylists, and after a few awful encounters, i decided to just cut my own hair and not even bother with color. i hadn't gotten my hair done in over 7 years, but after moving to las vegas, i decided i needed a drastic change, and shellynn got me in the next day.  she did my highlights exactly like i wanted, even exceeding my greatest expectations, and was just all around accommodating and lovely. i cannot recommend her enough. i've never felt more beautiful in my life, and i'm already dying to go back.do yourself a favor and go to shellynn. she is the only stylist i will ever be able to trust. really, there is no going back after finding someone so good.
5	She knows how to cut hair! I always leave a place and think "that's not how i pictured it"; but Shellynn totally did a perfect color and cut. I left feeling so excited and happy about my hair!! Love it!! Thank you!
5	Shellynn saved my daughter's prom with hair, eyebrows, and makeup for the big event. Everyone was happy and compliments were plenty everywhere while we were in public.THANKS!!!!
5	Shellynn is absolutely amazing!! She took the time to hear what I want and gave me her professional opinion.  I never felt rushed throughout the appointment even though it was late into the night.  She patiently answered all my questions and concerns and gave me tips on hair care and skin care.  I have never found a stylist that I trust as much as Shellynn, you can tell she really cares about each and every one of her clients and she loves and proud of what she does.  She will take as much time as it needs to get the job done right the first time.  I have already make my next appointment with her and I cannot wait :)
5	Shellynn is awesome!!!  I am new to Vegas.. I found her Groupon offer and took a chance!I am beyond happy!!  She did a great job and I have had so many compliments!!!  Today I did something I always wanted to do.... Got extensions and I am so happy with them... Shellynn is amazing and would recommend her HIGHLY!!
5	I have been looking for a proper hair stylist since I moved from California to Las Vegas 2 years ago.  I have been to two different stylist in that time because I get too worried I will end up having a horrible experience, which has happened more times than I can count.  I went on yelp to look for a new stylist because the one I had was no where near up to par.  So I decided to risk it and try someone new.  I read Shellynn Nicole's reviews and I was so impressed I made an appt. for the works.  Brazillian Blow Out, cut, color and highlights.  My previous stylist told me I couldn't have the color I wanted because it wouldn't fit me and basically didn't want to do the work.  I had dark, almost black hair which I hated because my grey hair showed within a couple weeks and back I go for a touch up every three weeks, which I'm sure suited my old stylist just fine.  BUT, Shellynn completely transformed my hair to a beautifull golden blonde with PERFECT highlights and the Brazillian made my hair from frizzy to a beautiful smooth healthy looking hair I was not use to.  She took her time and did not rush the process in any way.  I received so many compliments on my hair when I went back to work.  They couldn't believe the transformation.  I now consider her my permanent stylist and my search is over.  I would recommend her to anyone and everyone that is really looking for a professional that is very hard to find.  I am now a permanent client of hers and no longer have to look for an awesome stylist that knows what they are doing.  And a super great plus is she is an awesome person as well.  I am so happy I found her!  I have my next appt already scheduled with her.  Thank you Shellynn for your patience and expertise.
5	Shellyn is an amazing hair stylist. She listens to what you want and delivers! It's hard to find someone you can trust.  I'm so glad I found her.
5	Have been going to great clips for years... Not downing Great Clips, they do a fine job for what they do which is the basics and that is just fine for some hair. Mine requires a bit more work. lol     I will never go anywhere else again. As long as she is around I will see her and no one else. My hair has not looked and felt as good as it does right now maybe ever......  Highly Highly recommend Shellynn.  Next is eyebrows and a coloring I am so happy to be looking forward to my next visit, usually I dread going.
