4	This Dairy Queen is the best in the world! It has two things I love ..extra delicious Blizzards made fresh with Reeses ...and My Nephew.... He rocks the shake machine.
5	ummm, butterscotch and cherry dilly bars !!!!!!!!!!!get some!!boom!!!
5	It's your standard Dairy Queen. Delicious crappy for you food we all grew up on. Remember getting sundaes in little baseball helmets?
2	Ecasketch bad service. Wrong order. Poor chris ..super hereo sosa to rescue! Dipped chocalate cone check. Lol!
4	Normal layout of a free standing DQ.  The staff is so friendly!!!  I got the small smore blizzard...  OMG...  Party in my mouth...  YUM!!!  And the place is CLEAN!
4	Ah,  DQ and their yummy Blizzards,  what would life be without them? Thank god I don't need to ask.   I always get my favorite,  Heath bar with carmel added.... I really need to branch out,  but it's soo good!  Big chunks of health bar mixed with almost too soft soft serve,  you really can't go wrong.   I always have them add a few squirts or carmel,  it really tops it off.   My daughter got the Triple Berry smoothie,  which she liked fine,  but they gave her a large insted of a medium.   Only a big deal,  because she'll never drink the whole thing.   DQ will always be our cold treat fix, and  my bathroom scale hates me for it.
2	I was craving a milk shake and this is near my boyfriend's job so we went for lunch one day. The food was...meh. I would enjoy a burger from just about anywhere else more. The fries were not good...soggy, not crispy, and bland. The milk shake did not satisfy my craving. The "$5 Buck" lunch was a good price but the name was driving me crazy. If you say "buck" then do you need the dollar sign? Seems like it reads "Five dollar Buck" which...is redundant and doesn't make sense. But...that's not why the bad review. There was a table of people behind us. They had a little girl with them, and I'm not good with kid ages but I would guess her to be 2 or 3 maybe? They kept walking back into the back of the kitchen with her...sometimes with a woman, sometimes a man. I assume they were the owners or something, right? None of them are dressed like they work there. They are wearing clothes that clearly don't meet health department specs...tank tops, hair hanging all over the place, open toed shoes, etc... They walked past customers in line, helped themselves to ice cream and stuff while customers had to wait to get their orders because these people were in the way. They didn't greet the customers. They didn't acknowledge the customers. That was bad enough, but then I go to the bathroom, and the little girl throws french fries over the booth into my purse. My boyfriend saw her doing it! After watching them walk around the place so rudely ignoring customers and cutting in front of them for service, I guess I shouldn't be surprised that their child would do something like that. The only thing that gives this place the 2 stars I so generously gave was the other staff. They were suuuuuuper friendly and very helpful despite the owners getting in their way. Until the issues with the owners began, I kept thinking that even though the food was just...ok, I might start going here more often because the staff was so pleasant. Doubt I'll go back now just because I don't want to support those jerks.
4	I'm giving this DQ 4 stars because fast food chains top out at 4 stars.  This location is far superior to the one near my house (http://www.yelp.com/biz/dairy-queen-chandler-3?hrid=y2Q2uNjOUzquKVlrPTdGyQ).  First impressions: the lot the building is sitting on is welcoming.  Well lit.  No pawn shop next door.  If you go inside,  the store is clean, bright, and has smiling faces behind the counter (within reason).I almost always get a Butterfinger blizzard.  They pack the cup full of candy, giving me my money's worth.  Speaking of money... in the drive-thru, they always tell me my total at the speaker (no "I'll have your total at the window").  It's a small touch, but it proves that they either can add, or have invested in a register with a computer.  That instills a certain level of confidence.The customer service is great.  I always get basic manners like "please" and "thank you", maybe even "how's your evening?".  The service is quick, and they can move a long line along with ease.  If you are closer to Arizona Ave and Ray Rd, make the drive to this location instead. Trust me.
4	Who doesn't love a DQ blizzard? Tried and true. Old faithful. Candy and ice cream. My usual is the Butterfinger. Recently, I've been quite fond of the Chips Ahoy blend. Whatever you choose, this location will give you generous spoonfuls of toppings. The drive-thru is quick and easy. The employees are courteous, always serving up our order with a smile. Also, they're an official "Grill and Chill," which means they accept most DQ coupons (unlike the "regular" locations).
