4	Hamilton's has raised the stakes for what a neighbourhood bar should be like. It's modern and comfortable, it serves good food, the staff are friendly (and attractive), and it's got WiFi. This place is owned by the same lot responsible for Treacle, although, in this instance they seem to have got the mysterious alchemy of how to create a decent bar right. I actually managed to spend around nine hours here once; I nipped down in the afternoon to use the WiFi and ended up staying for dinner and drinks. The bar has a great selection of drinks (including my beloved Zybrowka vodka) and the lovely staff will happily do table service and keep a tab for you. My only complaint is that the nachos are a bit rubbish.
3	Hamilton's is a perfectly nice wee bar in Stockbridge, and quite a popular haunt for people living in the area, so it's fairly busy all week long. It's relatively fresh on the scene, as it opened in 2008, so looks very polished and cleanly finished. The atmosphere here is chilled out and relaxed, to the extent that you can happily sit bantering away over a drink for a while, but it's not sink into your seat relaxed, I would still try and make my face look semi-nice for coming in here, as it's definitely more stylish bar then totally laid back pub.There's a small restaurant section in Hamiltons, with some cool comic strip wallpaper design going on, and I've never had an issue with anything I've ordered here, it's always been tasty. I think being a bit of an eccentric weird person at times, I approve the most of bars that are edgy and slightly different, so as much as Hams is really nice, I'm not totally feeling at home here yet. It's likely I may update this review at some point, given that I've found out Hamilton's has free Wi-Fi, so I may just have to pay a few more visits here to make up my mind properly.
3	Thoughts written hasitly in phone as I was sat in the bar..."Busy bar, plenty of people and comfy couches, not too hard to get a seat although getting to the bar proves tricky. Smell good food, plenty of people eating up top, bit pricey but a quite good start to a night out. Would like to come back and check out the menu."And that kind of sums it up really - I'm not massively familiar with the wonderfully quaint Stockbridge side of town but after visiting this bar, would certainly like to check it out some more.There was a good ambience at the bar and a nice mix of people too - there was some relatively inoffensive music blaring over the speakers and the table I was sat at was made up of me and a pal, a couple having a quiet drink together and three or four older ladies having a good laugh, it all felt very inclusive and I liked that.Shame it was so hard to get to the bar and that the standard pints were so expensive though, then again I guess that's a consequence of the part of town that it's situated in.Oh and please don't give us beer menus without prices in, thanks very much...
4	Credits to Sir Mix-A-Lot and my good friend William, who does an amazing karaoke version that I always think of when I hear this song...I like fried fish and I cannot lie.You other brothers can't denyWhen a server walks in with a big ol' plateOf flaky white fish in your faceYou get hungry, wanna pull out your fork'Cause you notice those chips are steamin'...---Yeah, yeah. Enough. But seriously, the fish and chips at Hamilton's are fo' reezy. They're presented artfully on a rustic wooden board with tubs of tartare sauce and mushy peas(?), along with a lightly-dressed side salad of fresh greens. Though I prefer my chips a bit more crisp, the amazingly flaky fish battered in fatty golden starch more than made up for any shortcomings of the spuds.Beyond that, it seems that Hamilton's repertoire includes other winners in the food and drink department. If you're a fan of chorizo, don't miss out on the roast chicken dish. Plus, they offer a number of draught brews.As far as pubs go, Hamilton's definitely gets a thumbs up, and although we were sad about being turned away from the closed kitchen at The Saint, at least they directed us toward some alternative good eats!
5	Every now and again I hear whispers of how good Stockbridge is for an evening out. And in the days when I bussed it to work I would pass through and often wonder..... how? You have a couple of decent looking restaurants, a couple of old man's boozers and a couple of hipper, funky-looking bars. With the water running through the middle of it all and the clock centre-piece overlooking the bridge, Stockbridge reminds me of small town nightlife - such as Dunfermline or Stirling - only without the variety and population. So when people recommend the area for a social, my vivid imagination immediately creates images of overcrowded bars, long lines at the bar and extensive waits for those impulsive cats that don't book tables in advance...!Having said that, I found Hamilton's to be a bar I could frequent quite often. Hectors was pretty good also, however this is Hamilton's' review. So onward!Friday was reunion-of-old-workmates day, and having originally met up for drinks, we decided to grab some spur of the moment dinner also. Word to the wise: 7pm on a Friday does not a good time for spur of the moment dinner make!Sygn: 1 and a half hour waitLiving Room: 2 hour waitBell's Diner: 1 hour waitHamilton's: 50 minute waitConceding that 50 minutes was probably the best we were going to get for a wait (and the fact we had traipsed a fair portion of the town already, cab or not), we got comfy... for no more than 3 minutes before the amazing waitress managed to secure us a spare table which required "a little squeeze" for one of us but was more than acceptable. Turned out even that little squeeze wasn't that little anyway. Perfectly fine. The waitress' standards were obviously higher than ours!Anyway a fine start to Hamilton's, which all in all didn't disappoint going forward from there. Had I been with worse company I may have pointed out what seemed like too a long wait between drinks order and food order, and also between food order and actual food. However the company was golden and the food was worth the wait, which was barely noticed.I went for the Crispy Pork Belly with Stornoway Black Pudding, braised rhubarb, caramelised apple and watercress salad. I'm starting to feel like a Pork Belly connoisseur these days but, with those accompaniments it was too hard to resist, the only competition coming from the Duck dish on an otherwise standard-looking menu. Needless to say the rhubarb and apple made this dish a stand-out; a little too much black pudding I'd note (hardly a complaint... I didn't HAVE to eat it all!) but a fantastic dish regardless.My company also seemed very happy with their dishes (burger, battered fish and chicken breast respectively) and the service, all of whom even the girls in our group were keen to point out the attractiveness of. Hamilton's it must be said is a very pretty bar, clientele and staff alike, and it certainly puts out that vibe. We didn't hang around to try out the bar area after our meal so I can only go on observations from my elevated, sniper-like position in the restaurant area, but my observations are as follows:-- Busy but not overly so. I can imagine a visit here more enjoyable if you can secure a seat and/or table. Or 'sore thumb' be thy name.-- Potential to be a bit cliquey. However, as in my case, if you're there with a good group of friends (or should I say a group of good friends) this shouldn't and wouldn't even be an issue.-- An eclectic crowd. Generally quite trendy and lively. Looks like a mix of locals, students and office after-party folk. Good.All in all a vibrant atmosphere, good friendly service and a couple of smart dishes have piqued my interest. I'll return at least one more time. After all, that duck is still on my hitlist. But yeah, I could see myself as a regular for the ambience alone.In the immortal words of The Guv'nor... I'll be back.PS. Went back. Had the duck. +1 star. Fantastic!
3	I'd been here before for drinks, but decided to pop in for food last night.We found ourselves a nice table by the window and The Man mention that he was surprised at the interior - it's actually quite nice and not in your face trendy.  Another reviewer mentioned that it's owned by the same people who own Treacle which makes perfect sense, but Hamilton's is paired down and feels a bit more relaxed and grown up compared to Treacle.  The service is also better (though as with Treacle we asked for water which we never received), though unfortunately not the food.We ordered a sharing platter of all things unhealthy - nachos, shrimp tempura, onion rings, sweet potato wedges.  The nachos were literally about 10 corn chips in a wee bowl with pre-grated cheddar (you know, the kind that doesn't actually melt and just goes all hard and gross?) and a couple of jalepenos.  The salsa served on the side was nice, but the nachos really were abysmal.  The onion rings were in a tempura batter which is ok I guess but seriously lacking in flavour/seasoning.  Both the onion rings and shrimp were incredibly greasy - ok yeah I know they're deep fried but it's possible to do that well and not have everything come out dripping in grease.  The sweet potato wedges were gorgeous with the aoili, but that's pretty hard to mess up!The Man noticed some aussie beer on the menu and was quite looking forward to re-living his travelling year with it, but we were told that the entire beer menu was wrong.  Of course not the waiter's fault at all but surely it's easy enough to re-print that page of the menu and replace the apparently 100% incorrect information?  That just seems like lazy management to me.We then shared a bean burger with parsnip fries.  I've never had parsnip fries before and think I prefer the sweet or normal potato variety, but they were definitely interesting.  The bean burger was fine, though not really much to write home about.I know I'm bashing my way through Hamilton's but the truth is that I would actually come back, just not to eat.  The ambiance is good, the setting is comfortable, and the Sunday night live music (while, at 7:30, at bit early) was quite good.It's a shame, though, because I really like being able to go for a drink and a bite, and I have yet to find a bar/pub in Stockbridge which has really nice food.
3	Friday night, 8 yelpers are looking for a post-dinner drink and find themselves at Hamilton's. It's busy, there are people everywhere: crowded around tables, draped over couches, perched on stool seats. There's even some dogs by the couches, which I did find strange for a Friday night. Waiters weave in and out of busy crowds trying to balance empty dinner dishes, as more people crowd at the bar for drinks.8 drinks were ordered. Mine a g&t, Henricks - nice. With cucumber, of course. The glass was, noticeably, a little heavy to hold whilst standing due to lack of seats. But I guess it actually means better quality. None of this disposable cup nonsense. Had I dropped it I imagine it would have shattered with quite the thud, or broken someone's toe.The noise level wasn't too loud that we couldn't have a conversation. But as a larger group it was hard to find somewhere to comfortably sit or stand. I notice, as I write this, Joe A's 5 star review on the right. Joe and I see eye-to-eye on many things, and I trust his judgement and taste. But I simply can't agree with the 5 stars. For that my wee socks need to be blown off.Yes, Stockbridge bar is busy, warm, has drinks aplenty, welcoming, seems to be a great regular bar. But that's it. There was no big winner in any regard for me. I won't comment on the busy-ness as it was a Friday night, but it seems to be very popular with the locals. It kind of reminded me of an independent All Bar One (I mean that in a good way). I wouldn't rush back but if I was in the area and wanted a wee seat it'd be good. I imagine I'd actually enjoying it more on a lazy Sunday afternoon for a spot of lunch?
4	Fantastic (if slightly 'trendy') location, brilliant food, very very good-looking staff to ogle at. I had the Chorizo salad to start, followed by the really rather wonderful crispy lamb, accompanied with a recommended red wine (I don't like red wine as a rule but my friend insisted, and the waiter's choice was spot on). It all went down very well.Did I mention how good-looking the staff were?
5	I'm sorry I doubted you Hamilton's. How could I have judged you on one visit on a crammed Friday night? Poor show.I came back for a mid-week drink and dinner with a good friend. I'm going to cut to the chase. VENISON STEAK with red wine sauce, parsnip mash, and haggis fritters. Oh dear lord. If you don't know what that means to me by now, what sort of Yelp fan do you call yourself? I jest, and I digress. Basically, it's a gastropub but one with a really nice, slightly different menu. Prices aren't cheap but definitely not OTT for the Stockbridge area and for the quality of food. It's chic, sleek yet cosy and comfy all at once. Low lighting, a mixture of comfy couches, high top tables and an actual dining area. Friendly staff, good food, and did I mention the food?It's not local to me at all, it was a good wee bus journey away. But I would definitely go out of my way to come back. It's owned by the same people who own Treacle, I believe (I garner this from the website) and anyone who knows me, knows Treacle is one of my top 5 go-to Edinburgh munch spots (best sweet potato wedges, and best margaritas. Done.) I didn't know this till after I'd been, so wasn't biased in judgement, but then it all fell into place.Together, these two are definitely the epitome of a great gastropub. The best in fact.Hamilton's is more for date-nights, or a quieter night. And maybe doesn't shine its best on a crammed Friday or Saturday night. But give it another chance like I did. Too good.
2	My fellow quester, MJ, awarded Hamilton's the single lowest score we've ever given to a place, and I can understand why. The food's ordinary at best and the service is really poor. They failed to deliver part of our order, and were generally incredibly slow. My mussels to start were fine, but my main course comprised too completely clashing elements (piccalilli and a vegetable cottage pie) that didn't complement each other, at all. As a place for drinks, it's completely fine, but based on our visit the food is best avoided.Overall, we said: "Hamilton's didn't really do it for me. Service was really sloppy, and the elements of my main course need a complete rethink. The starter was good, though, so it's not all doom and gloom. But there are so many better places to visit in Edinburgh, so as things stand a visit to Hamilton's wouldn't be something that I could recommend."
4	A regular here, this is a lovely bar - great ambience, good staff and the best glass of chilled white wine you will get.  How nice to get a  nice cool glass - spritzers are good too! :)Food is also top quality!It does get a certain type of clientele from the Stockbridge area, but, hey! I live round the corner so why complain - I suppose I am a Stockbridgian now! :)
4	Oh Stockbridge such a chic and trendy wee bit of Edinburgh.  The village like feel of this neighborhood just oozes charm and it has long been one of my favourite spots in this city.  Saturday night found me paying this charming location a visit while on a first date in Hamilton's, a bar which is the epitome of what Stockbridge is all about.Hamilton's is chic without trying hard.  The interior is all dark colours and leather chairs with sofas and a raised restaurant bit with walls covered by comic book type pictures.  Being in here just makes you feel like part of the in crowd.  It would be hard not to as the the bartenders and wait staff are all incredibly good looking as are a large majority of the customers.While this time I only had a few drinks, two large glasses of a nice pinot grigio and a gin and tonic, i have been here for food a number of times and a group near uslast night ordered burgers that both smelled and looked delicious.  so i am happy to say that both food and drink at this bar are very good.  maybe a wee bit on the pricey side though, but this is Stockbridge after all...being such a fabulous place Hamilton's does get very crowded on a friday and saturday night and last night was no different.  however, after a bit of waiting we were lucky enough to get a seat which i was very grateful for (i was wearing heels after all).  i feel like being overly crowded is a bit of a draw back as it's a struggle to get a seat, but also a positive as it creates a fun and lively atmosphere.really there isn't much else to write, Hamilton's is a fantastic bar and I'll happily pay it another visit when given the opportunity.
4	Yelp brunch action yesterday was a perfect hangover cure afternoon a weekend on the sauce.Eggs Bennedict with smoked salmon aka eggs royale for me was a very tasty lunch, there was a slight over flavouring of vinegar but I was a slid effort.Good coffee and a Bloody Mary made for a good brunch experience.
4	After a rather big crowd of Yelpers came here for the Yelp Brunchy Munchy (around 15 of us), I'll give props to Hamilton's for dealing well with a big crowd.That, on top of their rather good food, and nice Stockbridge atmosphere, makes it a pretty good pub to come to for an evening drink, mid-week meal or weekend brunch.The brunch menu isn't that extensive, and is mainly (or, actually, only) full breakfast, scrambled eggs, eggs benny, french toast. So kind of a mixture of eggs, bacon, bread and some salmon or haggis thrown in for good measure.But if that's what you like, they do it well. I just had a breakfast roll, with a fried egg and bacon. The roll was nice and toasted and the egg perfectly fried. The other breakfasts looked awesome too, especially the full Scottish breakfast and the scrambled egg with salmon.There's always a mixture of folk in Hamilton's, usually there's at least one dog and a few kids there too. It's a family place during the day, I'd say. So if you've got a raging hangover and want to avoid kid's on Nintendos asking awkward questions loudly, maybe steer clear. But if you like cute wee dogs and kids then it's all good.
3	I wanted to give this a 3.5 star review, but alas I've opted to round down rather than up. The setting is very nice indeed and I can see that it would be equally well suited to a busy evening crowd as it was to our Sunday brunch gathering. The food looked good and they use tasty fresh ingredients - I had a full Scottish, though would have loved it to be a bit fuller with perhaps a second rasher or a little more toast.There were a few touches that could have been overcome. I understand that they very rarely take reservations, so it was a surprise to hear that they couldn't add an extra table to our setting when the place was all but empty at the time. Nevertheless the staff were friendly and bright on a sunny morning, prompt with our orders and the bill, and quick with answers to our various questions. (Yes, you can opt for a fruit juice instead of the tea/coffee with the big breakfast.)Hamilton's looks very Christmassy and is a lovely place to rest a while before a stroll round Stockbridge Market or the Water of Leith.
3	On a sunny, crispy December morning, it was time for the Yelpy Brunch at Hamilton's. Well it was fun, staff were friendly and attentive, they coped well with our ever increasing table (well, we squeezed in as we're a friendly bunch) and offering a separate brunch menu is a nice touch.As Jenny L explained, its not an extensive menu but it is full of 'brunch' type offerings so does ok and offers big breakfasts, breakfast rolls, veggie and gluten free options. The gluten free option (one listed) is ok if you don't have a problem with eggs. Yep, I'm weird. I like omelet's, tortilla and frittata but try and feed me an egg scrambled, poached, fried or boiled and I freak out. It can't even be on the same plate. Luckily Hamilton's cobbled together a gluten free option (bacon, beans, tomato, spinach, salmon and mushrooms) for me. It was ok, but 3 starts only as the spinach was really grainy. Like chewing on a mussel which wasn't cleaned properly and getting silt and sand. I ended up leaving some on my plate as it was really off putting. Everything else was ok, but as David J mentioned, another rasher or two of bacon would have been great, so a very big plate, but the portions appear smaller. I would go back here - not sure for brunch but poor Hamilton's is probably being reviewed on the back of me weaning myself off Dottie's in San Francisco where I became addicted to brunch (10 days since Dottie's - not a happy celebration). I think it would be a nice option for lunch with a group of friends and it seems to be dog friendly too so I think I'll be back here in the next few weeks. I'm not sure how GF it would be for lunch having not viewed the menu, but having some awareness of GF and allergies and this is noted on the menu, is a start and I'm sure there would be a few choice items worth sampling.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my first ever Eggs Benedict (with salmon) experience at Yelp's Brunchy Munchy in Hamilton's. It was beautifully presented, adequately proportioned and tasted delicious! I was a little surprised that there was no cereal/porridge, pancake and fruit options on the breakfast menu (but I suppose I expected that because I 'm used to seeing it available elsewhere) - although I knew I always wanted the egg's benedict. The table space required for our group of 15 was misjudged which followed with a little shuffling and squeezing as there were no extra tables to add on (when you just want to sit down and get on with the munching on a lazy Sunday). However, I thought the staff gave great service, especially when add-ons to the order were regularly requested at different ends of the table which resulted in the them continuously going back and forward to our table. Often on a Sunday I have been exposed to hungover wait staff who make no attempt to hide that they would rather be anywhere but at work (wouldn't we all) but not here. I have drank at this bar several times and ate once here for dinner during the summer.  Whilst I can only remember that I had pan fried chorizo with cider, lemon, chilli and tomatoes for my starter which was presented in a cute mini frying pan with a generous serving of bread to soak up the juices and was oh so delicious; I do recall being impressed with their menu. It was a bit more upmarket than typical pub grub of fish and chips, stake and ale pie etc, and reasonably priced. I can't wait to eat here again. Hamilton's seems to have a trendy style in it's decor and wait staff, yet I have seen all kinds of people stop by: from couples on a date, new and old friends just out for a good time,  families and even a dog or two depending on what day it is mind you.  I have also seen the look of disappointment on numerous peoples faces when they have to be turned away when it is full which I guess just goes to show how good this place can be.
3	The Sunday after New Year's Day a friend and I made an impromptu visit to Hamiltons for lunch after we found that both the nearby Hector's and Peter's Yard had no space for us.We had to clear the messy table ourselves and wait for a while to be served but, considering how busy the place was, this was understandable.The menu was fairly varied and offered a few choices for vegetarians like me (although two of the starters were marked with a 'V' when one contained bacon and the other salmon!). We both opted for the vegetarian breakfast which arrived very quickly and couldn't be faulted.Hamiltons has a fairly cosy atmosphere. The bar area to the left of the main door contains comfortable sofas overlooking the windows onto Hamilton Place. The raised eating area to the right is brightened by a feature wall depicting a Lichtenstein illustration, although this may be a little 'in your face' for some. I have to say I prefer the softer colours favoured by Hector's.A recommended visit should you be down in Stockbridge for a weekend walk  (it's very close to the entrance to the stretch of the Water of Leith walk that takes you down to Dean Village, and the galleries beyond). And a popular place for a weekday drink after work.
4	This rating isn't for the food (which I haven't tried). It's actually for the cool ambience, trendy clientele and the quality cocktails on offer (i recomend the zombie which has 6, yes 6 different types of alcohol in it!!). Many of said cocktails were consumed recently by me and a friend .... Oh, and also for the hotness of the two bar men. Very much appreciated! ;)The only complaint was the not very nice toilet/sewer/broccoli aroma in the place. My friend said it was just my nose (which IS very sensitive) but I think not. Smelly = not good. I'm not penalising them for it though just incase it was the zombie that ruined my sense of smell. Bad zombie. :)
3	Scoring high on elite clientele impact, Hamilton's is where you'll find the person who knows the people. Delicious cocktails and Red Stripe aside, ask for an additional water and with a cucumber slice you will get. The atmosphere is engaging, the staff are well formed, and booking a table or reserving a sofa area is a sold plan to gain a true Stockbridge experience during August!
4	Looking for a post-market lunch on Sunday, with dog in tow, we opted for 'Hamilton's'It turned out to be a great choice. The place is very cosy, the staff are all friendly, polite and easygoing. Being so 'dog friendly' also adds to the relaxed, homely environment already created by the leather sofas, exposed wood, chilled atmosphere and fun vibe.The cocktail menu immediately stood out. It was extremely comprehensive with a huge variety of delicious sounding concoctions. The bar had a good choice of beers on tap and bottled.The food menu was equally extensive, with small dishes, sharing dishes and larger mains. As well as offering all day breakfast (including veggie option) and other breakfast-y treats. I ordered the soup, parsnip and apple. A slightly unusual combination that could have been overly sweet but was perfectly seasoned and with the addition of some fresh sage made it a very tasty, well balanced dish.Decked out with Christmas decorations, mulled cider and wine filling the air, it was a great place to spend an afternoon. I'm looking forward to going back.
4	I had some drinks and dinner here last weekend and had a very positive experience. The pub itself is on the nicer side with plush couches and dark wood furniture. It is also very toasty, which was a welcome respite from the outside cold. The vibe was very much a gastropub that was primarily locals (we got the recommendation from the owner of our B&B) who wanted to catch up over dinner or drinks. It is a friendly atmosphere.The menu looked amazing - I had a difficult time choosing as so many items looked great. The menu is seasonal and sources from local farms and butchers. I opted for a venison stew with a pumpkin mash and my friend got a burger and chips. We split a fish cake as an appetizer and ordered a bottle of their own Hamilton's red wine. The cocktail menu also looked incredible though I stuck to wine. I had a glass of mulled wine while waiting for our table, which was great. The food was excellent. Very generous portions (maybe too big, but I'm not complaining) and you could really tell that they put a lot of care into the food preparation. While the pub was crowded, the dining area is separate and there was enough room to settle in for a relaxing dinner. Minus one star for slow, inattentive service that still managed to be friendly. If I lived in the area, I would be sure to go back here again.
3	Hamilton's of Stockbridge is one of those places I've walked past umpteen times, but had never actually been in until Hogmanay when I was meeting a friend who was getting his hair cut at a local barber's.  It being Hogmanay, the place was packed and we were lucky to get a walk-in table (possibly the last one!), and it being day time it was more specifically packed with babies! Lots and lots of new parents meeting up with their friends for an end of year get together, and bringing the weans along with them.The fact that it was so busy meant that my steak ciabatta sandwich took a little longer to arrive than it probably ought to have, but this was understandable and forgivable. Otherwise the service was largely fine, I mean it took us a while to flag someone down when we wanted to pay but again, it was hoaching in there.My sandwich itself was tasty, with good chunky chips and a little pot of gravy (for pouring? dipping? I dipped but I guess it's up to you), and nicely cooked.  My criticism would be that they'd been a bit mean with the steak.  It wasn't one piece, it was several chunks, and only a few at that - areas of the ciabatta were steakless.  Which, for nearly a tenner in price, isn't good.Meanness of steak aside, Hamilton's seems perfectly nice.  Any service issues can be explained by it being packed. And they had a really interesting list of seasonal coffees, certainly more than enough to give Starbucks etc a run for their money!  It's a very solid choice if you're in the Stockbridge area.
4	Good food (we had a platter to share) and beer. The place seems like a haven for hipsters, but with a good mix of people thrown in. We'll probably return next time we're in the area.
