3	Pretty decent pho place. Been here a couple times. Che ba mau (rainbow dessert) is crazy good, I asked the waitress and apparently it's homemade or they make it themselves so it's fresher. They put peanuts on the top and it makes it even more delicious. Any pho dishes are good, I usually order the pho tai, i like my raw meat! Service could be better, some of the waitresses don't look too happy to be there but the food makes up for the mediocre service
4	Probably the best pho on the Island of Montreal, the special spicy beef soup is a must-try. I've been to this place for the past 6 years and I must say, although the recipe has changed much since the cooks were often changed, their pho is still top-notch. The service is mediocre (never refills your water unless you ask for it, and never gives you more than one napkin), and the place only accepts cash.
3	I came here for a quick take-out lunch last week. It was recommended by a self-acclaimed pho enthusiast I guess you could say. I had obviously consulted Yelp! before venturing over because it's sort of become my thing! I was unsure how take-out would work; would I get a bowl? Would I get everything separately? I got there, and found it was pretty small, but it's a small family-owned shop, so not surprising. Pretty clean and friendly staff. Was greeted immediately and given a menu to look over. Prices are verrry reasonable. 8$ for a large soup is pretty awesome! Took no less than 5 minutes to get my soup and be on my way. It was packaged all separately which I found was convenient; the broth was in a styrofoam container, the noodles and rare beef were in another styrofoam container and the bean sprouts, mint and coriander were in small baggie. On my way back to my office however I was worried as to how I was going to eat my soup. Once back, luck was on my side; I found a large soup bowl perfect for my much anticipated pho. I combined everything, added some hoisin and sriracha and sat down to enjoy my concoction. It's definitely a good bang for your buck. I wouldn't call it the best I've ever had, but it's pretty good and conveniently located (considering I work a block away). I added hoisin and sriracha before trying the broth by itself so I can't say what the broth itself tastes like. But all combined, it's a pretty good mix. I would definitely recommend it and will be back in the near future.
2	They have one of my favorite phos in the city - i especially like the use of grilled chicken thigh.Unfortunately, last night I saw cockroaches on the floor and lost my appetite. I will never return
2	Service and food has become too inconsistent for the past few months, and the bean sprouts are never fresh. Sometimes there is too much broth, sometimes too much noodle, and sometimes too much meat, the proportions are never the same.Spring rolls seemed to be refried, and the grilled stuffs are dry and awful. What a shame.It is indeed no longer what I experienced few years ago anymore.To the person who called me a "flat liar", perhaps you should refer to the date of my last review before writing anything. Restaurants do change, everything changes, the entropy of the universe is always increasing. Now move on.
5	My favourite pho restaurant in Montreal by far (and I've been to a lot of them) No frills place with excellent pho, always packed at lunch at dinner time. My wife and I went there for pho at least once a week for more than 5 years, even after we moved out of the neighbourhood.  After a while waitresses (two sisters or cousins I believe) knew I always ordered 11 large!  Almost a year after leaving Montreal for the US I still miss it.
5	Good for downtown.  Small space, mostly students. Sometimes quiet but pretty steady.  There are always people in here every time I come. Price is good.  I sometimes I order pho to go.  I really like the crispy spring rolls but can be oily sometimes.. But this is comfort food for me. Broth is really good. Ice coffee is strong and good too.
