5	I have been there now a total of two times and both times the staff has been outstanding. The place is very clean and sanitary, they offer a bunch of great money saving deals, and they are very quick. There has never been longer than a 5 minute wait for me. I have already begun recommended them to my friends. Also 100% bee wax!
5	Amazing!!! Best experience, not awkward and Andrea is amazing!!
4	My first impression was that the receptionist was very professional and sweet. Her attitude made you feel welcome and comfortable. My wax was pretty painless and my eye brows look perfect. The prices were very reasonable and they do offer incentives to return. I did notice when I got home a few spots were missed (bikini). The last place I went to allowed you to come back free of charge (if you needed a touch up within a few days). The decor needs some updating, it is old and outdated. If it was not for the receptionist,  I would have felt like I was in a doctors office. I would say the place is average. I may or may not return. They do encourage you to buy their products which I have always found annoying. They also have a membership program which may work for some people. I did not think the savings were large enough for me to sign up. Im looking for somewhere with a little bit of "warmth" which this place is lacking.
4	This EWC is very sanitary and professional. I've had several appointments and they were only late once because they were shortstaffed- otherwise they are out within a couple minutes of my appointment.I've found there's one esthetician who does a really good job, and that's Chanice. I've tried two other estheticians there and they were okay but their technique was lacking. Chanice has excellent technique however, and she makes my waxes very painless yet thorough and worth the amount they charge.They do try to upsell you with products and passes, but they've always been respectful of my first "no" and don't press me further. I don't mind that they try to sell their products because, after all, they are running a business. I've actually tried their ingrown hair serum and exfoliate and they're pretty nice but the exfoliate is overpriced for the amount you get.Their services are moderate to slightly expensive, but you get what you pay for. When I lived outside of Vegas I managed to find some good estheticians who charged much less than EWC but that was luck, plus they were often late or inconsistent. So I am happy to pay a little more for EWC. Don't forget to tip!
1	Edit: well I USED to get good service here and a nice wax job done with my eyebrows. Last time I went there the girl completely messed up my eyebrows. She didn't even show me when she was done!! It wasn't until I got into my car I noticed how bad they were! I had to go to a different place the next day to get them fixed. I am also very annoyed at how pushy they are with their sales. They always try to get you to sign up for a package, refer friends, or buy their cheaply made products. Don't bother buying the soap to use before shaving. Just go to smiths, buy some st Ives exfoliate, and use that before shaving. I'm very disappointed and they have lost a great customer.
5	Please go see Chanice and tip her well! She is awesome- makes you feel so comfortable and talks you through the process. I am not an amateur when it comes to waxing and I know great service when I receive it!
4	This was first waxing experience and it went a lot more smoothly than I anticipated, considering I was getting my lady bits groomed. Shasta was great. She made me feel very comfortable and she explained each step. The location was clean and the front desk staff were very friendly.
4	I've been getting brazilians done for about 2 years now, but just moved back to Vegas and was terrified at finding a new place to get waxed. I asked around, and EWC came recommended by friends, so I decided to try it out; plus the location was not even 5 minutes away from my house. After reading other reviews, I see the girl I got (Chanice) is one that comes so highly recommended, so now I have no interest in seeing anyone else since she's the best! Chanice was extremely friendly and made me feel so comfortable. By the end of the appointment we were chatting away and I barely even noticed being waxed. I even received a thank you note in the mail from her (handwritten) thanking me for coming in and wanting to see me again in 4 weeks. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the somewhat pushy sales. I've worked in places myself where I had a quota of sales I was required to meet so I know it's the receptionists job, it was just a little annoying. Even so, she was very nice. Overall a great experience and I will be returning :]
5	When it comes to my appearance, I don't just leave it in the hands of anyone.  I'm so glad my friend pointed me in the direction of EWC.  Waxing is their expertise!I made my reservation online, it was super easy.  The receptionist, Sabrina greeted me with a smile and was very professional.  Jessie was my wax specialist.  She's amazing!  She made me feel comfortable and explained everything she was doing.  I also saw the manager, Valerie.  I explained to her how I hate my sparse eyebrows and she recommended the "Restore It".  I've been using it for several weeks now and my eyebrows have really gotten fuller!  Well, needless to say, I go to EWC for all my waxing needs....you should too.
5	Went in for the first time today for an eyebrow and lip wax. Betty was sweet and friendly at the front desk and my waxer, Alaina was well mannered, informative and answered all my questions. She recommended the Restore It product to regrow my overly plucked eyebrows. We'll see how that goes! Overall it was a great experience and my eyebrows and lip looks great! I will definitely be returning! The only downside is that I felt like I was having product pushed on me and that made me a bit uncomfortable but I know everyone has a quota to fill.
5	This is the place to get the best wax!!! gurrrl i am not gonna lie!! I get a brazilian here and it is so amazing!  I've gotten a brazilian at other places and it left the skin red, but here they make sure everything is gone and clean and the wax does not leave the skin red.   Jessie is a great wax specialist!  She talks to you and makes you forget that you are getting a wax.  She definitely knows what is best and it definitely helps.  Their products are a must because it helps your skin and they smell good too!  Gurl you have to take care of that skin!  It is definitely worth buying to make sure your skin is taken care of.  I like going to European Wax center because they make you feel special and make sure your wax needs are taken care of.  Also they are so close to my house , its very convenient.
5	EWC is wonderful!  Their products have helped my skin so much.  Yelena is excellent!  She does a great job and gives helpful tips.  She really knows her stuff.  I highly recommend EWC.
5	I went to EWC for the first time when I signed up last month. I saw Jessie (purely based on the great Yelp reviews) and I am so happy I did. She perfectly matched what I already had/want. Service was thorough and she is super nice; you'll feel comfortable and can trust her work. My 5 stars are for her. The front desk... eh. Ya know, they're just your average group of gossipy, sales-driven, spa bitches. Your level of customer service received strongly relies on how much you buy from them. On another note, the membership really is a good deal. Do the math... and then go see Jessie :)
