4	Very helpful and friendly staff!  Cool store!  Got a Belt!  Cool that they put Adventure in the name of the business!  Hike, Climb, Fly Fish, Travel and More!!!
4	Great little shop with a nice variety of  clothing, shoes, camping gear, etc.  Whether you are into fly fishing or snowboarding, they can help outfit you for the geat outdoors!Of course, this shop isn't as large as their main store across from Southpark, but if you need something that they don't have in stock here, they're happy to get it for you.   I like REI, but it is nice to support the "little guy" when you can...so you should check these guys out!
4	I have always loved this small chain.  Jesse Browns is a staple to the Charlotte area, and they were in the area a LONG time before REI was.  However the selection can be a little bit lacking.  But they have their advantages. The major advantage is their map selection... sure they have the National Geographic maps like REI has, but they also have harder to find maps of the Carolinas that can typically help you more with your back country camping than the Nat-Geo maps do. Another advantage they have is that they carry fly fishing supplies.  Not the cheap stuff either, this is good quality rods, reels, and flies.  Definitely a place for anyone who loves to fly fish to check out.  Finally they always seem to have a sale going on at any given time, and typically they have a few items you don't see anywhere else, which makes it a little bit more special. This truly is a great store and a must visit for the outdoor enthusiast.
4	Ah, there's nothing quite like scent of fresh sporting gear. And Jess Brown's is no slouch in that department. It's like a local, small REI! Coats, fishing gear, kayaks, hiking goods, backpacks, maps, kayaks, sandals, sleeping bags...the list goes on and on. You'll find quality brand names too like North Face, Patagonia and Columbia. While I like the outdoors, I'm no enthusiast, so I would rely on the informative and helpful service of the folks who work here! Be sure to check out the sale merchandise, too. Most of it is towards the rear of the store, but I also saw a small rack of children's North Face fleece jackets for 50% off. Nice!
