2	Remeber ten years ago, when Wired was publishing articles about how the Internet would end retail shopping?  Well, they were wrong.  Bad customer service will end retail shopping and this Best Buy is a fine example of the downward trend.  The people that work at this ubiquitous big box store are assholes that usually don't know anything about their products and could give two fucks about whether or not you're being helped.    That said, man, do I love gadgets.  And Best Buy's got a lot of 'em.
2	Bad place for customer service. I purchased insurance for my ipod at this location and while I was waiting the lady at the customer service counter insisted that needed a Spanish brochure because of my Spanish last name. What a retard.
3	A necessary evil in the realm of electronics. Service is so spotty - a few nice salesclerks but a lot who are either incompetent or pushy. Always good to know just what you want when you go in.
2	The east side store is vastly disappointing. Sales staff are not as well trained as you would think. They talked me into a car stereo that wasn't my first choice. Then scheduled the install. I arrived early and was the first customer of the day. After 20 min the technician saud he wasn't going to be able to install this steteo in my vehicle. Excuse being they didn't have  the needed bracket. Now if I was  driving a Ferrari that might make sense. Only I DRIVE A FORD. My advice...if you're needing expertise. Best Buy East cannot accommodate you.
5	I am not sure if Bill Tait is a new manager of Best Buy East Madison or not but if I have to rate my satisfaction as a customer on a scale of 1-10, I would say a "20". I bought a tv from bestbuy.com for our bedroom and due to being so busy at work and summer vacations and have to hire somebody to install it, I did not have the chance to open the tv from the box till just this afternoon when this person is about to put it on the wall after the wall bracket was in place. Apparently, the way the tv is being packaged (as I looked at the same model Samsung LED smart tv replacement I just got from the store) , there was no styrofoam/ styropor in place in the upper middle part of the tv to protect it inside the box. So if the upper middle part of the tv / box is banged to something really hard, the tv would have the tendency to be cracked in that upper middle area. That is what happened to the tv I purchased. When I called bestbuy.com's customer service, 2 of them just told me and my husband that they cant do anything as more than 60 days had passed after purchase date  and that it is their policy that they could only replace it with 60 days.  I totally understand that, but my point is that they could have at least checked my credibility, looked at my account as well as my husband's ( I guess we are " preferred bestbuy reward members" or whatever they call it), checked  the packaging as I tried to explain it to them how it was packaged or if not, at least tried to refer us to somebody who could help. I was really upset about this incident that I was even thinking of consulting it to a lawyer. But anyway, I tried calling the credit card company to have it disputed and was told to return first the item to the store. I followed the advice, asked for the store manager and that is when I was able to talk to Bill Tait. He did investigate the damage and explained to me their policy but then said that being a preferred customer / best buy rewards member that he will consider it and if I want to have it replaced, Ican do so as long as they have available same model. I opted to get a replacement. This meeting with Bill even just took less than 10 minutes and my issues had been resolved right away. This is true customer service. Bill just made our day! I just felt that our issues are being taken cared of. I usually buy online with almost everything, but I promised myself now that if my purchases to Bestbuy store Madison East would help increase their sales, I would do that as nothing could beat the satisfaction I have gotten from Bestbuy store Madison East team
2	I now understand why Best Buy stock is tanking.  Customer Service is just not present.  Visited the store to compare washing machines to purchase and also to return a wireless surround sound system..... Was informed by Andy (MOD) that there was a 15 day return policy and I was way past 15 days.  I pointed out on the receipt  where it stated the return policy to be 60days.  I was told that the 60 days was platinum rewards customers only.  Andy then presented  a 10 minute dissertation on why Best Buy need to guard the return policy and how I was lucky that he was granting me a store credit.  Moral of the story.  Wireless device returned, purchased a Whirlpool Washing Machine at American Appliance for less money $800+........with a 60 day return policy if I am not satisfied with the product.  American Customer service was incredible.  Score American TV 1 , Best Buy 0.....
3	I don't normally visit this location, but I had to swing by to pick up a few items and to take care of a price match for my new laptop. Service was fairly prompt, but very painless. Once I got up to the counter, things were handled quickly and smoothly. Not much else to add; it's your standard Best Buy.
1	Does anyone know what they're doing there??  Computer department is beyond bad.  One guy with an accent loved to throw things on my cart and tell me that "I needed them".  I don't think so.  His english starts to fail him and the most convenient times.  Typical.  Luca I believe is his name.  Avoid this guy and find ANYONE else.Never going back.  Ever.
5	I realize that every visit is likely to vary based largely on what you're trying to accomplish and who you're working with, but I have to give a HUGE shout-out to an employee who went way above and beyond to help us today.Mike M. in appliances deserves a huge raise. The guy was/is top-notch and UBER-helpful.We had purchased a LG front-loading washer/dryer set with pedestals earlier in the day, and because I'm lazy and don't like dealing with people, we ordered them online. The online process was simple and straight-forward - point, click, pick a delivery date, pay, done.When I went to check my e-mail to view the Best Buy receipt, I discovered that Dealnews had sent an e-mail alerting me that the exact same washer/dryer set was on-sale elsewhere for significantly less than Best Buy (and that was even with Best Buy's incredible Memorial Day pricing in effect).So, we decided we'd venture over to the store to get a price match. Little did we know that Best Buy and bestbuy.com aren't really too compatible... Long-story-short, Mike discovered that the site hadn't given us an accurate delivery date; if we wouldn't have stopped-in, the set wouldn't have been delivered until 4 days after we had requested, and we would've been unavailable on that particular day.He also couldn't do an on-the-spot price match because online orders take up to 72 hours to post, and they can't price match "in limbo" orders... but, he did take note of the price difference and assured us he would apply the credit as soon as the order hard posted.We spent a considerable amount of time while he tried numerous solutions and called various folks at headquarters, looking for resolution for us. He remained friendly and conversational the entire time, and when we were done, he gave us his card and contact details. I have all of the confidence in the world that things will be taken care of.As we were walking out, we spied a refrigerator in their "scratch-and-dent" area; it was marked-down considerably and looked to be about perfect for our needs. So, we asked Mike if we could add it to the order, and he said, "Absolutely!"So, we went back over to his desk, bought the refrigerator (which he further discounted for us), and it's set to be delivered along with the washer/dryer set.Yay! Great service, new appliances, and a super positive experience. What more could we ask for??? Nothing. And you should ask for Mike M if you're in the market for appliances - the guy is as solid as they get.
4	Best Buy is always good for the best prices, and up until now, I've never had any real problems I can recall with anything I've purchased there. There's always staff on hand and they usually are very helpful. They honor any lower price offered by any competitor. Unfortunately, we currently have found out that there is little to no communication between the online store and the physical store, and it's caused a lot of headaches, disappointment and delays. Mixed up orders, to an almost comical extent... They had us down for 6 washers and dryers instead of one of each. The customer service staff seemed unsurprised and bemused that we were having these online vs. in-store issues, and they were very ready and willing to help, with no drama. Hopefully we will have our new washer and dryer within a week.
2	Six weeks ago, I attempted to order a washer and dryer set for my house. The entire event couldn't be scripted to be any more ridiculous if I tried...- Purchased an awesome LG Washer/Dryer ("W/D") set online and then tried to do a price match at the store when I discovered a competitor had the same set available for much less. The net result of BB trying to price match the set landed me with a total of six (6) W/Ds being charged to my account, without my knowledge.- I discovered the error when BB texted me on the morning of my delivery to state that my account had been locked and they wouldn't be delivering my appliances until I resolved the account issue. This was at 7:01am; none of the BB services open for telephone assistance until after 10:00am. Delivery was supposed to take place at 9:00am. Couldn't reach anyone by phone to resolve.- I had to spend several hours at the store trying to get the first (wrong) order corrected and the six sets of W/Ds returned. That took quite honestly over 2 hours and several people to resolve. Manager of store vowed they would "make things right."- Eventually got W/D scheduled for delivery, but when they arrived, they were too big to fit through narrow basement door/stairwell. Delivery drivers measured space and told me exact model to order as they guaranteed it would fit. This alternate set wasn't my first choice, but they assured me it would fit.- Went through another round of telephone-tag/frustration trying to return the original set that was too large to fit. It took a solid week to finalize the return.- Second set was ordered and delivered by BB to the house. Drivers couldn't fit them into the basement, despite their assurance these would fit. - They did manage to knock several large holes into my plaster/lathe walls, and beat the heck out of the machines in the process. BB driver said stairs were too narrow and that I needed to widen my stairway.+ I re-engineered my stairway and made it a full 4" wider... This wasn't an easy feat... I had to re-sister joists, cut subflooring, shave/thin a wall, widen the steps and adjust the stair runners accordingly. It took a full day and $200+ in supplies.- Third set was ordered (exact same model as second set) and scheduled for delivery on 6/26/14. I never received a call to confirm my delivery time as I had in the past. When I called to inquire about the status, I was told that my delivery date was listed as 7/1/14, not 6/26/14.- I brought in the receipt that showed 6/26 as delivery. Store insisted I was wrong and that 7/1/14 was correct. Manager eventually discovered an unexplained computer glitch that had phantom-shifted my delivery date without notifying anyone. - Third set was delivered on 7/1/14. BB drivers STILL COULDN'T FIT THE W/D SET INTO THE BASEMENT. Said it was "impossible" and "a waste of their time."+ My friend came over after BB Delivery left and we had the set in the basement within 10 minutes, without damaging anything. UGH. It's laughable how easy it was for us to get the set into the basement without issue.- It is IMPOSSIBLE to reach anyone at the store via telephone. The main desk folks (especially "Natalie") who answer are as unhelpful as people come, and seem to enjoy being snotty. - The appliances manager repeatedly asked me to give him a call if I had any problems/questions, which I quite often did (as seen here), but each time I'd call to ask for him, he was *always* unavailable. I'd ask, "Is Mike available?" Natalie: "No." Me: "When might he be in?" Natalie: "Don't know." Me: "Can I leave a message for him?" Natalie: "No." Seriously. Best Buy did provide me with some pricing credits, but based on the colossal headache and cluster-F that this ordeal was, I won't ever purchase something from them that requires them to deliver it. Talk about a very bad taste in your mouth... I'd rather lick a 9V battery than deal with this again.
