5	Joni is awesome. I needed a quick haircut once again, and it's tough since I don't know to many people out here in Vegas to cut my hair. I've tried 3 places, and all 3 have messed my hair up. I just need a straight-forward trim and clean up. My hair is thick and rich, for some reason it gives people a hard time. Any who, I walked-in to Sola Salons, not knowing that there were several studios to choose from in which probably most of them were closed. It's just not a salon, with a receptionist in front...every stylist has there own little spot they cut out of, pretty neat. Luckily Joni had time before her next appt. so she was able to get me in. She was very nice, good person to chat with, from town so filled me in with the 411 of the surrounding area. She did a nice job, didn't butcher my hair, and price was affordable. She will be the 1st of all the stylist I've tried since moving out here from Chicago that I will go back to.
5	Joni is my 7 th hairstylist in Las Vegas. When I moved here from NY,  I bounced from one disaster hairstylist to the next. Nobody could color my hair correctly, I had different colors at the roots, shaft, and ends. Not to mention my hair is curly, and nobody knew how to cut curly hair. I did not go to cheap salons either. They were all highly recommended and reputable.  I found Joni in the yellow pages under color specialist who corrects bad color. That was 7 years ago, and I have been with her ever since, and happy!
5	Joni is the best hair stylist and color specialist I've ever had. She listens to her clients' wishes and offers great suggestions. I get tons of compliments on my hair since Joni started doing it.
5	This review is long overdue!I relocated to Las Vegas for a couple of months for a temp job, and didn't have time to get my hair cut and colored before I left Austin.  So I got on trusty ol' Yelp! and did a search for the hair product that I like, and lo and behold, Joni's profile came up.  She even had a discount deal available, which I purchased through Yelp!.  She was able to fit me in right away, which was obviously very awesome and convenient.  I have had a lot of issues getting hairstylists to color my hair the way I want them to.  Either they go too dark, or my hair turns red.  There's just something about my hair that pulls red.  When I try to explain this, it seems they don't really listen.  I knew Joni was going to be awesome when the first thing she asked me was, "So, do you know your formula?"  YES!  Awesome.  And I told her exactly what it was, and guess what?  She listened!  When we got to talking and I told her a little more about my problem, about how my hair pulls red, she was very familiar with the issue.  In order to get my hair the soft brown with caramel highlights, you have to add a bit of Ash Green.  Most stylists for some reason just WILL NOT believe me.  But Joni is a pro.  Not only did she listen, but she said we could also add a little blue to tame the red, and since she really seemed like she knew what she was talking about, I let her... and guess what?  My hair came out better than it had in a really long time.  Joni is awesome.  She knows what she is talking about, and I'm kinda sad I don't live in Vegas because she would definitely be my regular hairstylist.  Hell, I may just fly out to Vegas every 2 months just to get my hair did. ;-)  She really is a color specialist.
5	I showed her a picture of what I wanted and she was able to do my hair exactly like the pic. She took her time with my hair and was even nice enough to highlight my clip in extentsions to match my new hair color. Joni is truly a professional. I am so happy with the result.  she uses high quality color. my hair is shiny and healthy looking again! I will definitely be returning.  thanks joni!
5	I'm very happy with my color and cut!! Awesome Joni :)
5	Joni is the most amazing color specialist! I came here to LasVegas a few months ago and went through two hair salons that completely destroyed my hair. I thought it would take forever to fix! One sitting with Joni and my hair looks gorgeous! She is a color genius the color she used for my hair is beautiful and exactly what I wanted. I have never had color this beautiful! Not only is she a color genius but she knows what she is doing she has amazing experience and will not do you wrong. I would trust her with anyone you wont be let down if you need her to fix someone elses mistakes or just to do your hair and make it beautiful!
5	I am so glad that I found Joni on YELP! I can't remember the last time my hair looked so good! She did an amazing job (color/highlights correction, new highlights, cut & style) and I will definitely be returning to see her for ongoing maintenance! Joni has a really cool and private mini-salon within Sola Salon. Her expertise is unmatched and she has a really nice, fun and down to earth personality. Whatever hair challenges you may have I am 1000% SURE that Joni can work it out! Seriously, she does hair "like a BOSS" - which is why I had to YELP about her!!! To say that she is a Color Specialist doesn't even begin to describe what she really is... a Color MASTER and ARTIST! Thx, Joni!
5	Two weeks before I went in to see Joni I had died my hair for the first time. The girl who did my hair completely ruined it and did everything I asked her not to do. Luckily I found Joni on yelp and went to her and she completely fixed my hair. If you ever need any type if hair coloring Joni knows exactly what she is talking about and doing, I would recommend her to anyone.
5	Joni is awesome! I had an appointment with her yesterday, 7/27/13 for a color correction, highlights and cut. OMG!! I look like a different woman. What a beautiful job she did. My color is so pretty and shiny. My cut is adorable and I love it. It was like she could read my mind and completely understood what I wanted.She was so knowledgeable, professional, funny. I have complete confidence in Joni and no one but her will touch my hair while I continue to live in Southern Nevada. She is a color genius as others have testified. I am serious. My color is so beautiful. I love it. I love the cut.She cut my hair so effortlessly and quickly. It is perfect. Others have spent so much time cutting my hair and would always end up with one side shorter than the other, etc.  She truly knows her stuff. If you do not see her, you are wasting your money. She will make you look better than you can imagine.Thank you so much, Joni.Sally, Pahrump, NV
5	Absolutely amazing colorist! She touched up my roots as well as made my hair a little more edgier with red and purple! She basically knew exactly what I wanted without me saying anything. I will definitely continue to go back! Love Joni!
5	After being in the Las Vegas area for over a year, I decided it was time to stop going to the local styling school and find a professional. It is not an easy thing to do, I had tried off an on over an 18 month period with no success. After reading the other yelp reviews, I decided to call Joni. She is fabulous! I no longer had the formual for my color (it had changed anyway), Joni was able to match it perfectly! I made my next appointment before I left and am looking forward to a long relationship!!
5	Just had my haircut by Joni. We cut off enough hair to be donated! She listened to what I wanted and cut my over long hair into a short and easy to manage style. LOVE IT! I would and will tell everyone to go see her for a great cut. Thank you Joni
5	Life Saver!!! I had botched my own color and she made it better than brand new. Joni takes the time to listen and work with you to get the desired results. She is a pro with years of experience. Trusting your hair to someone is a big deal and she made me feel comfortable. When you have red hair, you worry about looking like Bozo the clown and she gave me a color as natural as the day I was born!!! Love it amd her.
5	just had my air cut and colored by Joni.  could not be happier.  i had tried coloring my roots on my own and made a mess of my hair.  joni fixed me up and i have received many compliments on the rich color.  fabulous!  i will be back for sure.
5	Got my hair colored and cut by Joni last week. I haven't colored my hair in 10 years and so glad I decided to with Joni. I showed her a couple of pictures and styles I found online and on Instagram that I liked - and she knew what to do. After she was done, I loved it. Be sure to check for the Yelp special and buy it! It's a nice helpful discount.
5	A little pricy, but worth it.
5	Joni is amazing. Extremely knowledgable, amazing experience, and amazing technicals skills. I'm new to vegas from California and I did my research before settling with a color specialist ( I go for very vivid reds/magenta). Joni is thee most knowledgable hair dresser I've ever been to, and I love the salon itself. Barbers, stylists, nail techs all renting what I call "mini salons". It's a really great concept.Considering I've spent 200+ at salons her price of 150 to fully color my regrowth and faded hair was amazingly reasonable in my book! Truly happy with finding Jodi, I will be referring friends.
5	I went to Joni because I was so sick and tired of everyone ruining my hair.  Never had the correct color....never had the correct cut...thoroughly disgusted.Scoured the internet...read reviews...and found Joni.She took her time and with different mixtures, she came up with my perfect color...no red...not brassy just a beautiful, rich color that I just loveThe cut was perfect too.  One of the best cuts I have had in years.  Everyone said that my hair was so healthy looking.  Not all dried out with an awful cut.I am so happy I found Joni.  You will not be disappointed as she knows her stuff!  Thanks again Joni!!
5	BEST COLORIST IN VEGAS!!! I've lived here since '99 and went through so many bad highlights and fried hair, thru so many different stylists.Joni's able to turn my jet black asian hair to white blonde without frying it.  Joni will do whatever it takes to get it just right, which is a rare quality for a hairstylist, and I'm worst than a b1tch!! She placed the streaks as i want them, got the color just right to almost platinum blonde, and the hair are still on my head without breaking all over the place. The price is very reasonable as well.On top of that she's very nice, easy to talk to and very professional, but who cares about all that.... she's great at what she does and you will love it!! Give her a try and it'd be the best thing you'll ever do to your hair... yay joni!
5	If I could leave this miraculous women 10 million stars I would. I had already given up. Unfortunately when I first moved to Las Vegas I didn't have the first clue how hard it would be to find a stylist worth their weight. Being from So. Cal. I was very spoiled. I have incredibly difficult hair I will admit. Not only is my hair five inches long, but I'm allergic to hair dye and have pencil straight thin hair with the gnarliest cal lick's you've ever seen. Having my hair cut is always a disaster and given that my hair first lifts from orange to red to yellow to brass before it finally hits that coveted ashy white blonde. She is the first stylist ever to cut my hair and have me walking out the same day feeling like a million bucks. After I grudgingly trusted her to highlight my hair (like I said I had already given up) she made it look so freaking natural on my super short hair which I had come to think was nearly impossible. I have never received so many compliments on not only my haircut but the color after all my friends had told me to just quit dying it. I'm so glad I found her for the short time that I did. I have so many friends, coworkers, and strangers asking me for her number because she did such a fabulous job. It saddens me that as I write this review I am on my way to Denver, my new home. As I'm sitting here in the car I'm remembering all over again what a scary and unsettling feeling it is having to be in a new town and not have a handy dandy trustworthy stylist in your arsenal. I am telling you whosever is reading this and not sure yet if you should go see either her or whoever else you have in mind. GO TO HER!!!! The reason I initially picked her was because she had a few reviews from previous ethnic clients that proclaimed what a fantastic job she did turning their hair blonde and I figured if she could do it for them she could do it for me. Just be thankful you have such a talented gifted individual in your city and go take full advantage!!!
