3	Walmart's prices for a lot of things really can't be beat, especially now that Tarzhay has gotten so upscale and features designer items. If you want the basics - cosmetics, paper towels, cleaning products, soda - you really will find some of the most competitive pricing around, and that's why I keep going back.That being said, I can't stand a lot of things about Walmart. The selection for decor items is really small, and a lot of things - especially things on sale - are always out of stock. I went all the way there to get litter and a litter scoop and they didn't have my brand of litter or any scoops left. Also, many products - including but not limited to razor blades and many types of alcohol - are not on the shelves due to theft prevention. You have to go to aisle 16 to buy them, which is super-inconvenient because that is also the express lane. I still haven't been able to figure out what happens if you have more than 15 items and need to buy razor blades or Sauza tequila (one of the brands that apparently doesn't stay on the shelves). Do you have to check out twice? Ah, well, to be fair, I guess the only way they can keep the prices down is by keeping people from over-utilizing the five-finger discount. It is what it is, and as long as it stays cheap, I'll be back!
3	True Story.  Promise.  During my last visit to pick up some staples, I wandered into the feminine hygiene isle.  I observed the following.  Like all good reporters, I will report only details and omit any subjective data.Middle aged woman, wheelchair bound,   slightly unkempt.  Yet still flexible enough to bend over and smell her "lady parts."  This exercise elicited a "phew wee" and a waving of the hand to clear the stinky aftersmell.  She then took the liberty to take a can of Summer's Eve off the shelf to freshen herself up.  Afterwards, she placed the cap back on the said feminine spray and placed it back on the shelf for the next customer.Walmart has a long, documented history of stories like these.  Unfortunately, I don't live anywhere near a Target and have to make do with what I'm given.  This store isn't much different from others.  It has lots of stuff and a decent, easy to understand layout.  It's impossible to find an employee to help you locate a well-hidden item.  And plan to be in the check-out lane for at least 20 minutes.  But, after all, it is a Walmart.  What else would you expect?
1	Walmart is bad enough as it is but this one is even worse. The people are gross and they hold up the lines all the time when their access cards malfunction. I go here when I have to and no more. Parking lot is also full of ungathered carts.
1	I like Walmart, but the management of this particular store is rock bottom!  Take this morning for example.  I called to make sure they open at 6 AM on Sunday as on the other days.  After about 10 rings, a fellow answered & told me yes, they open at 6.  I told him I needed to return something, & he said, "no problem".I drove 5 miles to arrive & find the Customer Service counter dark, & it took me about 10 minutes of looking & arguing with employees to get someone to accept my return.  They scolded me in turn for not wanting to wait 45 minutes until 7 AM!  I explained how I had called ahead (because I know how this store is!).  I finally was able to make my return.My shopping list consisted of 5 pkgs. of college ruled notebook paper & 10 3x5 notepads.  They were completely out of the notebook paper, & rather than, say, 5 to 8 of each notebook cover color (about 25 to 40 total as is usual stock at any Walmart), they had a total of THREE notebooks in the store for me to buy!Over at the exit to the MAIN DOORS THAT I CAME IN, customers were gathered trying to pry the doors open, but we were LOCKED IN!  I went & complained, & was told to exit at the main doors all the way at the other end of the building!  (I came in the doors that were now locked!)  WHAT IF THERE HAD BEEN A FIRE OR OTHER EMERGENCY??That's how it is at this Walmart.  They really need to get rid of the manager here & get someone who knows what they're doing!
3	I can usually find what I am looking for. Clean store. Quick service if you go during the day, peak hours are torture however with long waits in the check out line. Although I can never really find the clothing I see online that should be in store - sometimes it's just not at this store and I'll end up ordering online.
2	This Walmart is such a dog!  You'd think the biggest retailer in the country would at least have someone who visits the various stores to see how they're doing!  Take today, for example.  I needed help to find an item.  I couldn't find a single employee ANYWHERE in the whole non-grocery area of the store, except the cashiers!  Not one!  I really needed the item, & I did find it eventually.  Then up at checkout (with a cashier), I was CHARGED THE WRONG PRICE ON ALL 3 ITEMS I BOUGHT!  I was overcharged on two, & undercharged on the other, which made things come out close enough to even that I didn't want to waste any more time after having searched so long for the one item.  The prices on all three of these items were clearly posted where they were displayed, by the way, & the stock wasn't mixed up or anything.  They just don't charge what they say they charge, at this Walmart!So what am I doing still shopping here?  Well, they carry a lot more items than run-much-better Target, & they are sometimes cheaper than other area stores, such as Lowe's, for the items I buy.  I'm just stuck here!     :-OOk, weak as it is, they do have a pretty good Subway, & it's certainly much better than the Grainger that I just reviewed, so I'm going to scoot these guys up to 2 Stars.
2	As usual, they have just about everything, not always the best quality though. What continues to aggravate me, on the occasion I shop here, is the lack of open checkout counters....
1	This is by far the skankiest, worst, most dubious Walmart in the Valley. I'd rather go without than step foot into this store. It's always more crowded than usual (Walmarts suck! Plan to stand in line FOREVER!) but this one takes the cake. From the throngs of people too fat to walk motoring around on their scooters (Hey, I'm calling it like I see it, hate me if you want), people clogging up the already enflamed lines by price matching 10 different grocery store ads, to paying for conveyor belts brimming with flaming hot Cheetos, candy, Powerade and other various almost non-food items with food stamps, to gang bangers and cursing teenagers in line giving me the stink eye (why does no one care to curb their profanity in front of kids anymore?) to employees who can't direct me to the simplest things, I HATE THIS STORE. Please, dear God, corporate moguls hear my plea, open a Super Target in Laveen.
1	No shirt No shoes No problem at this place! Hell I even think they encourage it! The Nastier the better. If your in the hood I mean neighborhood stop in but dont forget your brass knuckles and possibley a 9mm.
1	Big sigh...this walbarf is just so depressing & tonight was no exception. Let's just say CPS, OSHA, phx PD, ICE & DEA would have a field day here if they're low on quota. I always say I'm never going back but where else can I get pillows for 4 bucks, I know, my poor guests right? But definitely not clothes, wow, I glanced that way tonight & had an instant flashback to the sears outlet in downtown l.a. filled w/ cardboard bins of sad looking fashion mishaps. Maybe I'll try the christown location.....
1	Hi WALMART.... We recently were shopping at a location in Phoenix AZ. When we got home we noticed we were double charge for two items.We then went back to the store and they refused to reimburse us for the double charges until they review their camera! We felt as though we were treated as criminals!We waited for twenty mins as they questioned the cashier and "reviewed the tapes" The employee then told us that the only person that could review the tapes was out and we needed to either wait 30min to see if he was back or come back at a later time!Now we must pack up our 2 month old and drive another 15 mins to come back and see if we will be reimburse for items we did not receive.Needless to say mistakes happen, all well... but poor customer service does not need to. We will not longer seek to be a customer of walmart's.
3	Walmart is so dirty, but their stuff is cheap.
3	This Walmart is doing better than it was a year or so ago.  Things have been quite satisfactory here for a while now, so it's time to scoot them up to 3 Stars.     :-)
1	Gross, just absolutely gross.  Going to school to become a therapist, you wonder why people act the way they do and then teach their children to act just as deplorably.  This is the WORST Walmart I've ever been to and avoid it at all costs.  There is not enough sanitizer, good manners, and hope in the world to fix this place. Just demolish it and put in a Target.
4	For four more months now my local Walmart here has been well managed, so it's time to scoot them up to 4 Stars.  I'm getting shopping carts that work properly, finding the things I need IN STOCK & neatly placed, associates are reasonably easy to find with a question, responding satisfactorily, and checkout is ok.Yay!     :-))
1	My truck is making horrible noises and I need an oil change close by. I'm trying to call their automotive service department because for whatever reason their hours just can't be put on their webpage. I call up and Rachel Jeantel asks how she can direct my call as she stumbles over the name of the store. I ask for the automotive service center and the phone starts ringing again. The phone rings for another 10 - 20 times and then Rachel Jeantel answers again and again stumbles over the name of the store. I tell her that I'm still waiting to speak to someone in automotive and she says "oh, hold on. Let me see who is here." Then the line goes dead silent. I put the call on speaker and listened to dead silence for another 12 minutes before hanging up.I didn't bother calling back. I've been in their automotive service department several times for batteries. There's never anyone at the counter and the employees walk in and out of the area without bothering to acknowledge your presence. There's a doorbell on the wall to get someones attention in the garage but you might as well just smack yourself in the head for all the good it does. I'm just going to have to drive over there and strand myself for a few hours. It would have been nice if I could have asked someone there what the wait times are like...
4	Awesome checkouts so they are In a bad neighbourhood who cares??? Take your High class behinds back to the high class ville this is the west side. Come in, friendly associates (see Stephanie) and leave easy, fast, clean and friendly..all I expect from a local Walmart
2	I love Walmart but i HATE this store! No matter what it never fails everytime I come there are ALWAYS long lines, STUPID long wait to check out and atleast ONE thing on my shopping list is out of stock. ALWAYS
4	I like this place and thats why I gave it 4 stars it has everything you need but the only problem is the prices they are way too high but its good
1	DON'T GO TO THIS STORE FOR FOOD, YOU MAY DIE FROM EXPIRED PRODUCTSNegative 100 stars, I must learn to read reviews for any establishment I go into from this point on, this was the worse place I have ever been.Picked up a bag of Snyder's pretzel pieces and they were expired in June 2013, January 2014... so gross, I asked to see a manager to report it, took 15 minutes and he didn't seemed to concerned about it even when I told him it is against the law to sell expired food. Went back to find out all the Snyder's pretzel products were excited in October 2013 so I let him know that said he was having someone take them off the shelves, stayed there about 12 minutes noone took them off, gonna go by there in a few days and see is they are, well be reporting them to the proper authorities about this...The rest of the store is a chaotic mess I just left in disgust....
3	Not a 24 hour Walmart. Long lines. And many times out of what I wanted to buy. I must find another Walmart to shop at, or maybe Kmart. Not worth the drive from south central.
2	It's been about 9 months since the last Update here & it's sad that they have slipped a lot from their former Fourstarness, because this is my local Walmart.     :-(So anyhow, I dropped in here yesterday, a Tuesday mid-afternoon with a list of needed items, all of which they carry.  First off, they were either out of or almost out of all but one item on my list!  Empty shelves and hooks all over the place.  It just SCREAMED BAD MANAGEMENT!Over at the checkout area there were far too few registers open so the lines were LONG, LONG, LONG!!  Come on!  You would NEVER see that at Target, where things are about the same price.  They do have a good check-yourself-out setup with lots of machines and a single line to wait for the next available, so that helped some, but the manager here either needs to wake up or be replaced!  As bad as things were here yesterday, it's still a tick above the disaster case Walmart at 35th Ave. & Bethany Home, so it eekes out 2 Stars.     :-|
2	This particular Walmart at south Phoenix is different from the rest, I don't know about you guys but this is the first time I came across a Walmart that is closed at midnight. Always thought they'll open 24/7. Came here with my family and try to grab a few things before heading home, not our local Walmart so not use to their set up, so I asked for assistance to help me locate the rest of what I needed, so I came to up to one of the employee and ask, they said give them a minute and they will come back and help me find it. Waited there for awhile and no return. Costumer service could be improve.
1	Hood, ratchet, crowded, loud.What's the purpose to having 56 lanes and you only keep 3 open?! I bought a fabric softener one day and apparently it was leaking and the check out girl just double bagged it.  When I got to my car the bag was halfway full.  Wouldn't a store clerk instruct you to get another? I went back in and exchanged that in a hot second.  Why would I pay for a busted fabric softener that's halfway empty?! You're not dealing with your 3.5 gpa average folks here cuz DAMN! If you ever watched he episode of breaking bad where Jesse held the two meth heads hostage, you'll see some characters just like that up in this Wal Mart on the 1st and the 15th because that's when everyone gets paid/receives that government check.  It's so sad sometimes to walk in here because you know you're gonna see the most outrageous outfits and inappropriate behavior. OH and don't bother coming here on a Sunday.  It's like chuck e cheese because people bring all 28 of their damn kids!
2	No improvement since my last Update!  I still come in with a list of 10 things I need, all of which they carry, and they will be out of 2 to 4 of them, in any department!  Today I needed certain batteries, which they carry.  There are 3 battery kiosks in the store, but sure enough, all 3 of them were out of the ones I need!Quiz:  What two items DOES this Walmart always have plenty of, out on the sales floor?Answer:  Empty hooks and trays WHERE THERE IS SUPPOSED TO BE MERCHANDISE FOR SALE!!Will they EVER get new management for this second worst run*  Walmart in the Valley??     :-O`* After 35th Av. & Bethany Home!     :-O   :-O
1	This place never improves.  If I didn't live close to this location, I would definitely go to the one on Shea.  I went a few weeks ago just to buy frozen fruit.  I wanted to be in and out of there within 10-15 minutes (depending on how many lanes they had open). I'm clearly on the phone and this ghetto ghetto walks up to me trying to hand me something, I don't know if it was a mixtape, flyer or business card because I DID NOT CARE! Now again, I am on the phone and trying to look for the frozen fruit I needed.  I look at him with an attitude and roll my eyes because 1.I'm on the phone, 2. I'm just trying to shop! I think its ridiculous that I cannot go into a store without being bothered with solicitation that I'm sure is illegal but these hood boogers don't care.  Go get a damn job and stop trying to hustle people who work hard everyday with your mixtape, flyer or business card.
