5	Lucas, the owner of Proper Guard, is wonderful.  He was programming cameras on the outside of our house and we started discussing alarms.  That's when I realized how ADT has been ripping us off for years!! The next morning we cancelled our existing contract with ADT -- and we did pay a small penalty --- but totally worth it.  ADT was not performing.  We are now paying LESS for MORE service and features.  Not only does the owner of the company call or text back when you have a question, but the call center is very responsive.  The day after installation, we set off the alarm just to see how long it would take for a call.  We set off the alarm, turned it off with our code 10 seconds later and the call center called 32 seconds after that.  After giving my code, they welcomed us to the company and asked if we had any questions.  Try that with ADT or another company like them.   THIS COMPANY OFFERS PERSONAL SERVICE ON A PERSONAL LEVEL.  YOU ARE NOT JUST A NUMBER TO LUCAS.  THIS IS WHY HE WILL BE VERY SUCCESSFUL WITH THIS COMPANY -- HE OFFERS A SOLID PRODUCT AT A FAIR PRICE AND TREATS PEOPLE THE RIGHT WAY.  PLEASE FEEL FREE TO MESSAGE ME IF NEEDED.  I GIVE PROPER GUARD THE HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION.
5	Lucas from Proper guard came in to do install for my business. It took 40 minutes to do full instillation. Works flawlessly. We have already been attempted to break in and proper guard had contacted the authority for us super fast.
5	We had Lucas install a complete 2Gig system in our home along with thermostats, cameras, smoke alarms, automated door locks and garage door monitors.  We can arm and disarm our system, lock and unlock the doors, open and close the garage doors, change the temperature in our home and look at our cameras all from our phones.  The system works great.  Lucas did a great job installing and testing everything in our home.  I have recommended him many times to friends.  I don't do that unless the service was world class.
5	Lucas was great! He found us the best and coolest technology and made sure it was all set up on our phones and iPads. Everything is so awesome! We can control the thermostats, door locks, and lights! He was so helpful with everything and even stayed late to make sure everything was good to go. Highly recommend! Thanks Lucas!!
5	The product and service are awesome. We have never had an alarm system before and Lucas took the time to discuss our needs and train us on the equipment. He continually checks in with us to make sure things are working as promised. Did lots of research before going with Proper Guard and it's the best price and service around.
5	Extremely pleased with the professionalism in installing the system.  My home already had motion detectors and window/door alarms so they just replaced ones that weren't working and upgraded to newer unit since the one in house was approx 20yrs old.  I can arm and disarm the system from my iPhone as well..super easy to use!  Had 2 false alarms as my daughter forgot her PIN to disarm the system and I received a call within seconds from the monitoring company.  The person who installed the system showed us how to use the system both on the keypad, laptops and smart phones.  I would totally recommend Proper Guard!
5	Recently I have the security camera system installed in my property by Lucas and his team.  I am very pleased with the presentation by Lucas when he presented the solutions to meet the needs.  He is a very friendly and knowledgeable person.  Since I have two buildings in my properties that he worked through all the challenges and installed the system flawlessly.  I highly recommended Proper Guard to anyone who is interested in doing business with an honest and responsible person.
5	We chose Proper Guard after researching options and reaching out to our personal network for a referral. Since Proper Guard was highly recommended by a friend, we called and connected with Lucas. Lucas was professional, polite, knowledgable and very pleasant. He came over the holiday break and installed our system, provided training and was patient through all of our questions. The Proper Guard home security system is modern and very easy to use and the customer service from Lucas was fantastic!
