5	I had dinner there twice since they opened - it was great both times.  Trying them for lunch this week for a business meeting.  Its Bellevue, which is a dry borough, so BYOB !
4	Went for my first time on Saturday. I had the beef and broccoli in brown sauce. I was great. The sauce was flavorful and the broccoli was fresh and crispy. Reasonably prices and the staff was friendly.
4	So I'd gone to this restaurant in its former incarnation, and gave it a low star review mostly due to overpricing and toy portions. Even though the food had been decent, there just wasn't enough of it, and the price certainly didn't match the size of the meal. After my last review, apparently, the business had changed hands, and I received a very nice comment saying 'come back, new owners, better portions, different prices. So this past weekend, after moving furniture to my new house in Bellevue, I decided to give it another try. After all, the new management reached out, and I haven't had much to write about lately.I have to say, they did not disappoint. I was exhausted and hungry, so I didn't go crazy trying menu items, but just went with the tried and true Pad Thai, and a Diet Coke. My friend had some kind of shrimp and vegetable dish with rice and a Thai iced tea. The Pad Thai was basic, all the right stuff was in there. I ordered the 8 on their spice level (1-10) and clearly could have gone all the way to ten. The portion was plentiful, and for 'dinner', the price of $12.50 didn't make me cringe too much. I still find that a little steep for a plate of noodles with chicken and nothing on the 'side', but it wasn't bank-breaking for two. Sadly, we were the only people there for our entire meal. The server was very sweet and helpful, but I wasn't quite sure she understood all that we said.  The 'atmosphere' (which doesn't really phase me when looking for 'food'), is still the same as it was under the last ownership. It's comfortable and attractive, without being pretentious. I do feel that, considering the area that they're in, if they dropped the prices just slightly, they'd have a bigger crowd. All in all, it was worth the return trip to check it out, but again, I don't know how 'regular' I'd be when other options like Spice Island Tea House is still around, still reasonable, and excellent. I've been to Spice Island treating a party of three, and WITH appetizers, three entrees and soft drinks, the bill was less than for ONLY two entrees and two soft drinks at Thai Tamarind. BUT, this IS still a price improvement over the past owners.But four stars it is, for an improvement in portions, a comfortable setting and helpful service.
5	unbelievable!! this place is a gem. we ordered 3 dishes. all of them were unreal. thai chick fried rice. pad thai chick. basil tofu.  do yourself a favor and check them out.
5	I love this place. It is so cozy and the staff is exceptionally friendly. I have tried multiple items on the menu and have loved every one.
4	Love the shrimp appetizer and the panang curry. Some menu items are not that great but it's the best restaurant in Bellevue that's for sure. Although that's not a particularly hard feat....
4	My husband, teenage daughter and I rented an apartment across the street for a short stay in Pittsburgh and decided to venture over to Thai Tamarind for dinner. we had two appetizers and two entrees, which were all excellent. Great flavors and very fresh tasting ingredients. Prices were reasonable, service was good and nice ambiance.  I was surprised it was not more crowded for a Friday night. Definitely recommend!
4	My 1st Thai food experience.  We did take out. The restaurant was cute and has a little outdoor sitting. Our food was done quickly and the staff was very friendly.  I had the pineapple friend rice and my husband had the crab fried rice.  I really enjoyed the pineapple and would get it again.   My husband has had Thai food before but said he liked his crab fried rice the best.    The best part was we had plenty for lunch the next day!
4	Seriously Good Thai Noms...Stopped in for take out one afternoon, to try it out...Ordered Pad Thai with Shrimp and Tom Kha Gai, as I have found them to be good tests of a Thai kitchen's capabilities.The soup was wonderful, not firey, but plenty of flavor, with lots of straw mushrooms, chicken and herbs.  The inclusion of fresh tomato was a nice plus.The Pad Thai was fantastic...lots of big plump shrimp, good sauce, nice veggies, beautifully arranged even in a take out container....in fact, had they but included a wedge of lime to squeeze over it, it would have been utter perfection.A definite plus is that both dishes were cooked and ready to go in just 5 minutes!The dining room is still as lovely as it was in the previous incarnation, but the lower prices and larger servings are a major plus.  The outside seating area is very nice.I will DEFINITELY be visiting here again, often!(I just wish they delivered)
4	Decent food, reasonable prices, and good portion size. I got takeout from here for the first time since ownership changed and I think they're doing a good job. The Thai Toast was very good, my panang curry was delicious, and my husband liked his drunken noodles. This will be my go-to place for Thai in the north hills.
4	Ordered take out, and got what we expected from the other reviews. While not exquisite, the green curry and duck curry were both very enjoyable! The sliced chicken in the green curry was, well, okay. It seemed to us that some of the veggies, such as the eggplant and bell peppers, were quite fresh; but that others, such as the peas and string beans, were pre-frozen. In sum, Thai Tamarind has the potential to take their game to the next level, but to do so, they need to use ALL fresh ingredients. All of that said, we will almost certainly eat there again. On the personal note, they were friendly, and the inside of the restaurant was quite charming.
2	Mediocre. My mom and I ordered takeout for dinner. I got the chicken panang curry spicy level 4 and that was ok, although, for $13, I expected a larger portion and more rice. My mom got the Tom Yum soup with chicken and spicy level 2. She said it was definitely much spicier than a 2. Also, I should have checked the takeout bag before I left the restaurant because they gave us the appetizer size of the soup rather than the entree size. Overall, it just wasn't great when there are other fantastic thai places within a 5mile radius.
2	Friendly service but food quite ordinary.  Did not enjoy the food except sou p which was okay
