3	This place felt a lot like my Grandma's house with an assortment of treasures separated by a small path to allow Grandpa to get to his recliner, kitchen and bathroom. Maybe it's just in my blood, but random treasures are cool to me.Bill F's review is still spot on, complete with skeeball and talking parrot in the back. How cool would it be to own a skee ball machine? It's a pretty cool place if you're looking for a unique piece of something.
5	love this shop! its more than just an 'old junk we're trying to sell at a ridiculous price' shop, its an actual 'antiques and things i would actually buy and put in my home' shop. i got a chest on chest for 275 instead of 325 and its the best piece of furniture ever. i really want those anubis statues for no reason except to have them and creep out anyone who visits my house. they're expensive though, so instead i got an old door to make into a headboard. go before he closes down shop and you have to goto those crappy antique stores across the street and shell out way more money than is really necessary.
2	Meh, this has never been a super impressive shop in my opinion. However I still try it out every time I'm down in the area. There's lots of cool, old and interesting stuff to peak at. You can walk around and imagine yourself taking a leap into the past. Mixed in there are lots of other oddities and arguably not everything in here is an authentic antique. When it says "imported" it probably means made in China within the past decade. Again, that's a small percentage of the stuff here and there really are a lot of old originals to be found.I guess I find myself bored every time I come back around. I haven't seen anything new pop up in here. When I first came in it was packed and overflowing out into the courtyard behind it. Now the courtyard is pretty desolate and has only rusted and broken old things remaining. Prices are so high that I've never once considered buying anything. It's as if the shopkeeper is slowly trying to move out everything and not bringing anything new in at the same time. Speaking of which, he can be a bit hard to communicate with at times. Not much for talking amicably.
1	Don't bother going here. I've been several times and it's always full of over priced junk. Dirty does not equal vintage.
1	The guy in there is always rude. If you give me an attitude as I walk into your shop you can be assured I won't be spending any money and will probably walk right out.
