5	I had a skin tag on my lower eye lid almost touching my eye. For a few years I was afraid to do anything about it because of how close it was to my eye. I saw Dr. Hecht and he assured me it was nothing to worry about. With a steady and gentle hand he removed it.  During the consultation he answered all of my questions including questions that didn't have to do with this specific procedure. He took his time and I always felt as ease while in his care. I can't thank you enough for the help and care you gave me.
5	The only place for me. I was referred to Dr. Hecht and his esthetician, Tracy, by a good friend who was referred  by another doctor. I am in my 30's, had never had a facial, always felt I took good care of my skin and just wanted a consultation and possible facial and some exfoliation/extraction. I called and spoke with Christie who was helpful and answered all my questions including what to expect, she is a former patient I found out which made me all the more comfortable.Tracy took me to her nicely lit exam/treatment room and asked good questions about what I was there for, what I expected and also had a light conversation about my lifestyle which turned out to be important to my skin condition, it felt comfortable. After she made suggestions about treatments which matched my skin goals. I chose a facial, dermaplane, microdermabrasion and she ended it with a light chem peel treatment. My skin has never looked or felt better, it was one of those "why didn't I do this a long time ago?" moments, hands down. This is amazing since I also suffer from light adult acne. Tracy also teaches esthetics (?) and is:1. Professional but personable2. Knowledgeable, seasoned,  and explains things in a way someone can understand3. Has such a nice touch, physically, on the face4. Really loves what she does5. Doesn't push products or services but makes suggestions and lets you decide. I didn't leave with new product or any sort of commitment, it was nice. Although I will be back for sure and may consider new products, maybe.I have also heard good things of Dr. Hecht but have yet to meet him so I cannot review him personally. What I can say is he has a good operation going, parking is good, it's easy to find just next to north Scottsdale Memorial. Remember to park in the south lot. There are two buildings, one north and one south, he is in the south lot.Also, I am not sure if there was a deal going but I felt I got a real value there for north Scottsdale pricing. I left feeling good about the whole experience.Enjoy!
5	I went in for a consultation at the beginning of the summer for a rhinoplasty and found Dr Hecht to be professional, direct, and frank when discussing realistic expectations/ results. His front office staff is helpful as well for any follow up questions. About a week or so later I decided to move forward with scheduling the procedure. I had the surgery one week ago and am already very happy with the results thus far. I do believe it will look as good as or better than the computer rendering from my consultation. Since I had already looked into the rhinoplasty procedure in great length online , a lot of the questions I had were merely -individual specific clarifications-. Overall a great experience and only 4 days of mild discomfort (which was expected). Would definitely do it again if needed.
5	I consulted with Dr. Hecht regarding a mohs surgery scar on my nose.  Over a period of 4 years multiple surgeons had attempted to revise/repair this scar without success. Dr. Hecht performed a revision and the scar is completely gone. I can not explain how amazed, happy, and thankful I am!
