4	I was downtown for brunch this morning and the idea of a farmers market that was somewhat accessible to where I live sounded pretty good.  Unfortunately I arrived in the last half hour so the picking in fresh vegetables were sparse.  Armed with my Yelp tote I did pick up a banana squash and some tomatoes.  I liked being on the lawn and having plenty of parking.  In this, only their second week, they seemed pretty well organized.  Having just eaten I did not venture to the food trucks but I will plan my next visit hungry.  They are open 9-2 on Saturdays.  They operate on the grounds of a church on the SE corner of Central and Northern.
4	I went to the Central Farmers Market at Cross Roads United Methodist Church, SE corner of Northern and Central. I would recomend this as an interesting place to visit. If you are into fresh, organic, healthy, vegies and food, give it a try. They will be there for the next two Saturday's of October. A few places that I would for sure to visit, Caroles Collectibles, Molly's Tamales, Absolutely Delightful Honey and Raging Raw Organics. They also have many pumkins  to choose from. Something fun for the kids there and even a tent there that sold special organic treats for dogs. All in all it was great day and I plan to go back.
5	Considering I've been there the last three Saturdays in a row, I guess I can pretty much call myself a fan.Talk about a great space to have a farmer's market, as well as a great list of vendors. This past week, I bought my pumpkins there and drooled at the homemade scarves and hair clips that were available also. I've eyed the food trucks over and over with burgers, mexican food, dogs and icy treats.One weekend, friends and I swung by to browse and ended up buying a whole meal from the market. We purchased basil and ginger. Zucchini, eggplant, squash, carrots and onion. The veggies as well as grass fed ground beef were grilled and local hummus and dips were around while we waited. There are a few places that take credit cards but most take cash.What? Cash only you say? No. Don't worry. If you don't have cash you can go to a lovely "ATM" booth where they will swipe your card for a credit card payment and give you $10 tokens to use at the booths. It's brilliant.Everyone is so helpful and friendly without being overbearing and the grass makes it a great place to grab breakfast or lunch while you're there and sit on the lawn and enjoy the day. There's shaded table seating as well if you prefer.I highly suggest you swing by. You will love it. Just make sure I get what I need first :)
5	Local businesses abound here at Central Farmers Market.  They have multiple local farms (Horny Toad, Paradise, one I can't remember the name of and Pinnacle) showing off their seasonal goods.  In addition to leafy greens and other organic fare, the market also has booths for bread (bought two loaves, a multi-grain sourdough and a fiber one...both equally delicious), butters and cheeses, healthy animal treats, a knife sharpener, kale chips (raw/vegan delights!!), food trucks, house plants, cake-pops, pickled items, tamales, grass-fed beef, and much more.  I thoroughly enjoy this small market each time I visit. I definitely recommend hitting up Horny Toad farm and chatting up Brent, he's super nice and helpful and he informed me of their sweet deal!  Basically you give them one hundred bucks and they allow you to come to their booth five different times to pick out veggies (I believe he said around 8 or 9) of your choosing! It's a little sweeter than having a bag dropped off with items you don't like or don't use.
5	I so far have been to the Phoenix Market off 721 N. central That market has a lot to choose from.But this time i went to check out the central famers market off 7901 N.Central.I very much enjoyed this market it seems to not be as hectic.That have an excellent selection of vegetables.That are in side and out side fresh eggs baked goods and food trucks.For myself it is a lot easer to go this that location.Note i am driving from Peoria. This is there web site http://centralfarmersmarket.com/
5	Central Farmer's Market has become my main source of groceries and supplies for nearly the past year, and I can't give this place enough stars. I am so in love with the experience and the quality of items that I get sad weekends I have to miss it and go to a typical store. It really bums me out to not chat with all the booths, enjoy my Shine latte or arnold palmer (I'm the one that walked around with that pink one like all summer), try out some stuffs and find locally sourced foods to cook meals with the entire week.Around the holidays, the craft booths get taken to the next level as well. Last year, I was able to buy 90% of my Christmas gifts at Central Farmer's Market. In the summer, when it's hot and no one wants to be outside, they fix it by having a mainly all indoors market and even keep the music around. Can you think of a better spot than a place you can shop for great local foods, listen to some local bands and enjoy some breakfast or lunch from the awesome food trucks that stop by? You can even get gift shopping in at the time time too. As soon as they start selling dish soap, toilet paper and other general house supplies, I may not need to go anywhere else.What are my favorite things to buy you ask? I can't even name just one or two. I love Hayden Flour Mills polenta. I love Gina's  Homemade Pepperoni Pizza. I always have Squarz Pies in my freezer for when I don't feel like cooking. Pinnacle Farm is a great source of produce and I even get various meats there, including some of the best buffalo I've ever had. I also head to Superstition Farm's truck or booth for the hugs :)I love you Central Farmer's Market. And I enjoy being your duchess :)
3	Solid 3.5 but my Heart belongs to Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  There are some vendors the same at both market but I enjoyed the differences.  It is not nearly as big (i..e. less vendors) as Phoenix Public Market or the Farmers Market in Old Town Scottsdale (OTFM) but it is a quality neighborhood market catering to the needs of the community it is in.    On the day I went I picked up some wonderful Thai Green Curry Chicken in Puff Pastry from Squares (I only had seen them once or twice before at PhxPM) some dry salsa mix (just add tomatoes) and some homemade daikon kimchi ( I make my own "original" kimchi at home that is better than theirs, just saying ;P)  and a steamed bun at a vendor I had seen at OTFM on one of my last visits. My main reason for my visit, other than the fact that I had never been there before and had been meaning to go, was to check out their food trucks.  They had 3 there that day, Old Dixie's, Stacy's Smokehouse (moved from restaurant to food truck) and a Hawaiian /Asian Fusion truck (name escapes me).  Would I go back...Yes.  Would I give up Downtown Phoenix Public Market for it....No.  Bit I love my options and I love to change up my routine now and again ( makes this creature of habit (i.e. ME) feel spontaneous occasionally.
3	Not too crowded, and you'll find the usual staples of a Farmer's Market with the new-agey/holistic stuff thrown in too. Without having to drive all the way downtown.I went home with mushrooms, kimchi, a houseplant and some lemonade.I could have added candles, bread, radishes, salsa, pierogies, Filipino bao, and some tart and tangy berries from Peru that looked like small tomatoes.Stacy's BBQ was here with a hot lunch and there was a coffee vendor in a shiny metal trailer, too.
5	I just LOVE this farmers market! I've been buying my produce and eggs from the same farm in Queen Creek for months now and I couldn't be more pleased.  The prices are great and there's always something new and delicious.  Shine Coffee is AMAZING! Probably some of the best coffee I've ever had :)They usually have food trucks on site for hot meals and a variety of other vendors, including vendors that rotate in on different Saturdays - Always mixing it up a little.  I've purchased from the Alaskan salmon vendor and a local honey vendor in addition to my usual staples.  This market is much more convenient than going to the one downtown.  Parking usually isn't an issue but I would recommend arriving early - Better parking, less people and you get the first pick of the day.
4	I think this may quite possibly be my favorite farmer's market in Phoenix....or at least tied with Road Runner.  The con is that Crow's Dairy doesn't attend (Psssst....they SHOULD!)  The big Pro for me:  Jewel's Bakery & Cafe (Jewel's Cupcake Shop) is here with an amazing amount of mouth watering baked good which I can eat safely!  They have several gluten free (and some dairy free, vegan free, etc.) items and I know I can order ahead of time for pick up as well.There are some other gluten free items at this market as well but I am always cautious about buying from unknowns as I get so sick if glutened accidently.  There are several stalls of veggies and fruits as well as gifts and I can get my Tamale Store fix as well.OH, Did I mention that Jewel's and several vendors are INSIDE this church?  YUP......get outta the sun and chill!  They have a breakfast set up as well.
4	A great place to buy delicious produce. And handmade art work and herbs to plants.
5	This is a nice little market at Crossroads Methodist.  It has local produce vendors, a rancher selling organic meats, lots of essential oils and such not to mention Dr. Hummus.  It is a great chance for the community of North Central Phoenix to get together and get some healthy food.  A way to go local and be social.(Unfortunately; Hath With Heather will be moving from the Market and going to The Hermosa Inn)
2	I can't truly call this so much a farmers market as it is really mostly a craft show.  I've never been hassled and handled at a "farmers market" so much, I felt like I was on a beach in tourist town anywhere...
5	It is an an amazing place..spend the morning there shopping for things you you just talking about buying..Give it a chance because its a fun to people watch and buy localCheck it out
