5	same space as the now defunct Warsaw Tavern, but all cleaned up....somewhat.the quintessential dive with iconic red neon flames decorating a wall in the back room. bartenders are obliging (as far as certain fancy drinks go), drinks are cheap, there are actually some fancy beers on hand, and the company is really friendly.big screen tvs in both rooms, kitchen open during the weekdays with actually some pretty decent food, and drink specials every happy hour and nighttime. i love it.
3	My old band used to play this place well before it was called the rock room.  Can't remember for the life of me what it was called then... wait, The Warsaw!  Thank you Drew Carrey...  the new owner, actually a pretty cool dude, asked my band to play this place on the first night they reopened years back.Great dive bar.  Peeps in it werent too bad truthfully.  Nice folks.  Liked it better than Gooskis.  Never worked up the courage to have anything to eat here.  Parking was a breeze here.  Cheap, cheap drinks.  Nice bartenders!My fondest memory of this place was when I was first trying to book a show here.  It was a sunny summer Saturday afternoon, bright and shiny outside and I was finalizing the show details with the bartender when a middle aged woman in jorts (not a typo) and a bikini top walked in with an empty beer bottle in one hand and a muffler off of a car in the other.  She put both on top the bar and said, "I'll take another one."  To this day I wish I would've stuck around to see what the bartender pulled out from under the bar.Anyway, check it out.  Worst case, you get drunk for $10.
4	They have a drink special called: Sunday afternoon $0.75 Sail with the Captain! Whatever defects this place may have are far outweighed by this fact.
4	What's not to love? On a Wednesday night you can throw down $20+ tip for 10 yuenglings and 100 pierogies. Where on earth is there left where you can get such a deal. The vibe is awesome and the cook spot-cleaned a tray with a dirty rag when I asked for one. If you're a generally non-fussy person, this place is a gem.
4	A review of this place greatly depends on the type of bar you like to hang out in. BE WARNED: This is the diviest divey dive of the dive bars. Its walls are covered with holes and graffiti, you can smoke inside and it is very dark and dingy. That being said, this place is a very fun, CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP neighborhood bar for the right person. The beers are always cheap and then become ridiculously cheap during happy hour, 4-6pm. $1-2 beers cheap. My favorites are the different daily food specials from 8-10pm. 25 cent tacos, $2 burgers, 15 cent pierogies, 50 cent pizza boats...it doesn't get any better than this. Now, this is no 5 star food experience, but it's cheap, deep-fried ok food! Any place you can get dinner and a few drinks for under $10 is definitely a keeper!
4	For a cheap sucker like me this place is where I'd build a home. You'll be swimming in cheap beers and gorged with after 8 specials on pierogies, tacos, and pizza boats. The people are friendly enough, the food is good for the price, the place isn't too dirty (or if it was I didn't notice it), and your buddies can smoke all they want inside.  The area is a bit sketchy at night, but I've seen worse.
4	To be honest, I was very reluctant to try out this bar at first glance. It definitely caters to a more local leather jacket kind of crowd, and as a college student stopping in, I felt a bit out of place. It's dark, damp and smells like cigarettes. There are a few tables towards the back, but the majority of people hang around at the bar area. There's a slot machine, TV's, and a kitchen area. After I got past all that, the rest of the night was a good time with cheap food and drinks. The people there are friendly and the service was excellent. The music was a bit loud so expect to be shrieking by the end of the night. They have food specials daily after 8pm...and it's ridiculously cheap! Like "50cent-pizza-boats-and-15cent-pierogies" cheap. The food tastes good enough for that price. Drinks are really affordable too. If you go for the draft special and the food special, you could pretty much eat and drink yourself into oblivion for less than $10. Definitely recommend if you're an adventurous type. Interesting atmosphere with friendly people, cheap food and drinks.
4	Another perfect dive bar in Polish Hill. I would put their drink and food specials up against any other bar in Pittsburgh. This is the definition of a blue collar, slightly punky dive bar. The food is greasy, the people are grungy, and the beer is mostly the cheap stuff that you drink without complaint. And who can say no to a happy hour with a burger, fries, and a Yuengling for under 5 bucks?? That's right: no one. Front and back room that's dark, (really) smokey, and a stage in the back for live music (the scene is ok). I stop by every couple of weeks after work with my boss, and I recommend anyone else to do the same- and make sure to come for happy hour. Here's to seeing you there sometime!
4	Also known as the Penalty Box. Best place to go if you want to be full and hammered for approximately $10. It's more than a dive bar! Food and drink specials every night. My favorite specials are the hamburger, tacos at $0.25 a piece, and pirogues at 15 cents a piece. Aside from the food they have a variety of cheap and craft beer, well below even the Pittsburgh drink average. Bartenders are super nice and let you have the remote to the tv. I used to watch a lot of law and order SVU here. Every once in a while someone will be drunk and accidentally take your drink or offer you some coke.. Other than that his place has gotten me through so many rough times and I am grateful for its existence! I hope it never closes or changes. A true gem!
