5	finally got a good haircut at a discount chain. after waiting about 20 minutes, i was seated and greeted much more pleasantly than i ever have been at my former go-to Great clips. yes, she used the #3 guard, but she was slow and steady and pulled and picked to make sure all my hairs were nice and even. used the scissors to even things out and even got my cowlick and ears cleaned up. i'm keeping my fingers crossed that i've found my new discount hair 'cuttery'.
1	Just had the worst haircut of my life at SuperCuts! I figured since my haircut is pretty simple, I could try some place different than the expensive salon I normally go to. I asked for a 1/2 inch off since I'm growing it out, and in places the lady cut off 4 inches! Didn't see how bad it was 'til I got home. The best part is that on one side in the front, it goes to my shoulder, and on the other it doesn't even reach to my chin. It's uneven all over. At least I got a refund. The lady didn't apologize and wasn't going to give me back the tip I left her. Yeah right, you're not keeping that! I realize some of their providers probably don't suck at cutting hair, but this woman shouldn't be allowed to use scissors. The fact that SuperCuts hired this woman shows me how low the bar is. She was not young, either, so unless it's a new career for her she has been cutting hair for a while. It's going to take me 6-8 months to grow out the parts that are the shortest. I appreciate that SuperCuts offered to have another provider cut my hair to fix it, but I don't want anyone who works there near my head with scissors, and if it was evened out on both sides, frankly I think it would only look worse. I'm looking forward to going back to my favorite stylist at Mood Swings Salon on Mill Avenue, where I can trust their employees have had more than a long weekend of training.
4	Super cheap, nice people, and I was in and out with a new cut. Whats there to complain about?
1	ok, i'm done. done i tell you. i cannot get a consistent haircut from these folks. my hair is simple. Number 3 on the sides, trimmed on the top, kinda "boxy" style, and not a uniform buzz cut. I only have one cowlick at the crown of my noggin. these past 3 times, i tell the lady my simple hair cut. i have had to return later in the day or the next day to get all the straggler hairs, the uneveness, and basically my whole head re-cut. and they don't even get that right. they just run the clippers over it to even it out and i leave with a standard buzz cut. but this last chance was the last straw. the same lady, whom i dreaded seeing when i walked in and she said "come on back" was free and thus was going to cut my hair. she spent an inordinate amount of time cutting my hair, using all types of fancy scissors and giant plastic pitchfork looking things, but mostly spent the 45 minutes talking and really....not focusing on cutting my hair. when she was finished, i immediately noticed again, how she did not even bother to trim my cowlick. when i pointed it out to her, she says "i'm not finished, i just wanted you to see how it looks so far"...Malarky! she then got out the clippers and basically gave me a very, very, very uneven buzz cut. and....the past 3 cuts from her, i still have all the scraggly hairs above and behind my ears that i just trim when i get home!since i left with it so short, i would have been pointless to get it corrected....that would just entail me shaving my head myself. so i'm going to listen to my wife and go to a barber or pay a little more at a salon or just go shaggy. i know it's only 15 bucks, but my hair is not that complicated and i guess i just expected a decent haircut every once in a while. but 3 in a row....the fool is me.
4	This place is solid for a quick haircut that isnt gonna set you back 30 dollars For someone that gets their haircut twice a month 15 dollars a trip isnt so badIf you want a good haircut then tell them how you like it- they stylists ive had have always been very receptive and talkative to keep me entertained
