5	WHO: For all levels of fitness... the first class is free, so hurry and CHECK IT OUT!WHERE: Located in the North West area of town on Craig & Clayton.WHEN: They are usually open daily from 6am-9pm, but check for their classes and hours on the website just incase!WHAT: I have been a member of this gym for a year already. I used to go to the Blue Diamond location, but didn't really like the management. My friend then signed up with the North location, so I started coming to this location and continue to do so.What does this gym have to offer?... WHAT DOESN'T THIS GYM HAVE TO OFFER?! On a daily basis, there are boxing, kickboxing, MMA, kid's classes, and personal training classes you are able to take. If you do want to come in and check it out, the first time is free so that you can have a feel for the classes. As first timers, I would recommend either boxing or kickboxing! HIT ME UP! Lol.In addition to the classes, I just love the positive energy and encouragement of the trainers at this gym. They push me when I think I cannot push anymore. They help me get there physically and mentally- to the point where I want to keep coming back everyday, not just because I have to. It's always a fun and crazy time in Jamin's classes, so try one of his; and if you are lucky to be taking one of Jay's classes... I wish you EXTRA luck! Lol. So, just get in there and try a class. Why say no to free?!& when you complete your first class...WE ARE FAMILY... I GOT ALL MY BROTHERS/SISTERS AND ME! =D
5	I had always been afraid of visiting here because I know that they have crazy, intense workouts! But i have to say that it was a ton of fun. I haven't been kickboxing for years, (or even moving lol) so I was definitely not used to keeping my hands up and constantly being in motion. Don't be fooled, it's hard, it's a great workout. I probably lost a pound just stepping into that place. It's really small inside and limited to places you can move, but the trainers of this gym prove that you don't need a huge gym to get fit! I would definitely recommend this to everyone; they have a free trial day so come check it out!
5	The kickboxing classes are awesome!! You get a great workout and actually have fun while your doing it.... The coaches are great and everyone is friendly.... Best place to be!!
5	This is the Best gym I have EVER been to!!! I am prone to doing workout videos such as UFC fit with Mike Dolce, P90x, & insanity! They are good and they work, but if you want an AMAZING & motivating work out, go the the UFC gym! They always have great parties, drawings, & challenges for everyone to try and win tickets, gear, & free memberships! It is so awesome to go there and have a TRUE fighter push you to be all that you can be! Jamin is a great coach and pushes me to do my best! Gabe C. Is such an awesome GM! He is always organized with the incredible challenges he gives us, & he makes sure his gym members are happy and healthy at all times! He always answers my many questions about health and fitness!  He also takes time during a big class to make sure members form & to help us with any struggles we may have! There are great people and I made many forever friends!!! Over all, I wish I could give this gym more than 5 stars because UFC North Las Vegas is the bomb! I will NEVER go anywhere else again! @ufcgymnlv
