4	If I was a big time businessman, I would hold a reception for all of employees at The Atrium.  Walking through downtown my eyes were drawn to the gorgeous glass entrance and well dressed people coming in and out the front doors.  I took a seat on a nearby bench and people watched for sometime, well to be honest with you I was a little lost and I needed a breather.  Nonetheless, the illuminated fountains outside the building were very attractive, if I was dreaming I probably would have ran through them like a kid.  As I got up to leave I walked closely past the building and admired the decor, marble floors, gorgeous flower arrangements, candle lit tables covered in red velvet table cloths.  I will be back when I am more established, Adios.
4	Visited the atrium for the Japanese Obon Festival held annually the first weekend in August.  It's very spacious and the best thing about it is the air conditioning during a month that is very hot and the weather is completely unpredictable.  There's a fair amount of space for tables and merchandise inside.  Bathrooms are easily accessible and there also happens to be a lot of seating outside for those who want to catch a smoke or just get away from the activities for a few.  There's also enough space to set up a separate table outside as well.  Although I don't recall seeing any Wachovia staff during the events I've attended, they have all been fun and maybe that's the point.
4	Seemingly the go-to space for big ole events in Uptown, The Atrium is pretty sweet overall. Why? Here's why. 1) Big, open and airy - plenty of walkin' around room. Swank-ay. 2) Supa clean. Like Mr. Clean shiny bald head kind of clean. 3) Access to plenty of parking decks and easy access to outdoor "park" areas and Tryon St.4) Although it's quite corporate, the space is quite lovely. Big glass windows, great light and it's oh so shiny. If you're heading to an event here, I'm sure you'll be happy. It's just an easy, turn key place to host any wedding, festival, etc. in Uptown!
3	The Atrium is interesting as an event space, because if we really look at it, most people would call it like it is - a lobby.  That is good news, since it means you can get to it easily from a number of directions: The parking deck, the building, even the street give you easy access.Unfortunately, that means if there is a paid event in there, controlling that access can be a challenge for the organizers, and getting into the event may mean that you have to follow a maze - for instance, walking around from the back to the front just to go back through the appropriate entrance.  But it works.As to an event space, it is nice, but it does not hold a ton of people.  Once you get beyond a certain size, it really needs to be a larger space.  For your mid-sized events, the space is excellent, but it can fill up quickly and that is when you can run into issues trying to navigate tables, mingle and also see what is going on at the event.
