5	Fantastically renovated spot with a new name and owner. Great for take out or dine in. Probably the best Chinese food in a casual, authentic atmosphere. If you live nearby, stop in or grab take out on your way home. You won't be disappointed with the food or service. The Chef in the kitchen knows what he is doing.
5	My daughter and I happened upon this place on our Sunday walk and decided to stop in for lunch.Opened only a few weeks ago.  Father/son team where Dad cooks in the kitchen and the son works up front.  I think they both came from Zen Fusion and now are out on their own.  Ultra-friendly service from the son.  He spent time talking to us, finding our likes and tastes preferences and made recommendations based on that.  As for the food...They have set the bar for Chinese food in Charlotte.  I ordered the Kung Pao vegetables and my daughter ordered lo mein noodles with shrimp, but plain otherwise.  They completely catered the dish to what she wanted.  When he saw me douce my plate in Sriracha (yes, it's on the table) he made a recommendation to next time let them know I like it spicy and his dad can use fresh chiles.  The spring roll was made in house and the time commitment is worth the results.  Much better than places that just use frozen rolls.  I could have ordered an entire plate of spring rolls.  My daughter tends to be a picky eater and normally I have to battle to get her to touch her food.  She almost cleared her plate.  The next day she even talked about how much she liked it.  I can't say enough wonderful things about this place.  I'm so happy they opened and can't wait for many returns.  YUM!!!
5	Growing up eating pho for most of my life I was weary of trying it here. To my surprise it was excellent! I love the pho! I've eaten here many times and tried something new each time.  The black bean sauce is great. I like it with beef or shrimp personally. And the chef is kind as to leave out the bell peppers for me and put in extra broccoli. The bar has an excellent selection of wines. I enjoy both red and white and at $6-7 a glass, you can't beat that. The service is great, the price won't hurt your wallet, the atmosphere is relaxed and casual and I haven't had anything on the menu that I don't like. This is definitely a place to try. This is my new favorite spot to go to.
5	Persuasion is a hidden gem.  Chi has great food suggestions and his dad can whip up some amazing authentic pho.  I've suggested Persuasion to many friends and all have had wonderful experiences.  The food itself is delicious but, the people make it great.  Stop in for a bite, you will not be disappointed.
5	This place has solid pan-Asian offerings with fresh ingredients. Persuasian is now our "go to" Asian restaurant. They are consistently good in there execution of the food which seems to be the thing that trips up many places. The staff is attentive and friendly, the wine selection in very good and the beer selection is solid.
5	My son and I were looking for a place that served gluten free Asian food. We hit it big. This place and a variety of dishes with a white wine sauce that were fresh and tasty. The quantity of food was generous as well. I come to restaurants though for more than the food. Otherwise I would get take out. The decor at Persuasian is simple but elegant. The tasteful use of color, fabrics and the presence of bookshelves with interesting books on it makes for great decor. ( I swiped a book of poetry to read with my meal. Make sure you put the books back.) The dishes and tableware were stylish and sturdy. That's a big part of not being cheap diner or fast food. Lastly the service and attention were great. Chi is willing to talk to customers.You don't ever feel like you are just another plate or bundle of cash. If you don't quite feel like family then you certainly feel like a friend. All that and prices reasonable enough to believe they are not skimping wile still providing great service. My son says its worth the drive from CPCC's campus to eat here instead of more local joints
4	Just went for first time. Planning to go to Zen (which we love) but thought of trying something new and closer.  So glad we did and imagine our surprise to find this is from the same owner as Zen!  Same good food (just the Asian side of menu) and great service in a smaller and more casual atmosphere.  Happy to have in neighborhood.
4	We moved from Dilworth to Dilworth, and now we are in the neighborhood of different local restaurants, including Persuasian Restaurant. It's in the same shopping center as Food Lion, and next door to Ed's Tavern. It's a little tucked away unless you live in Sedgefield, but I'm really glad we've stumbled upon this little gem.Their decor is eccentric, and reminds me of a coffee shop/library mixed together, but then they serve food! The restaurant prides itself on serving MSG-free food, so I was excited to try a healthier American-Chinese joint. I got the shrimp and broccoli with white wine ginger sauce, and he got the chicken with garlic sauce. I loved the broccoli in my dish - not overcooked, and just the right amount of crisp. Neither of our dishes were overly greasy, and I did not get the MSG hangover so they must be true to their word about that. Also, the portions are pretty generous because I got two full meals out of my entree.I think I saw gluten-free options on the menu. They also serve pho! We will definitely be back to try.This will probably become a go-to neighborhood take-out/dine-in option for us.
5	I am so glad Dilworth finally has a decent Chinese spot.  This is a great mix of fresh modern but yet still typical Americanized Chinese food. Well worth an in store visit as well as take out.
4	I may have found my go-to Asian restaurant. I sat at the bar, ordered a glass of wine and a take out order. I like that the house wines are good and every one is priced the same - makes it easy. I've been to many Asian restaurants that serve really bad wine. I felt very welcome by the staff.My to-go order was Sa Cha Chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The Sa Cha Chicken had lots of vegetables, peanuts and was lightly sauced - very flavorful.I will certainly go back.
3	Yeeeeeaaaa not sure what all the hype is about. Order: Crab Rangoon, Fried Pork Dumplings, Sesame Chicken and General Tso Chicken with White RiceLikes: they don't give too many options on the menu to cause confusion or annoyances. The chicken is real chicken. The staff is friendly. The diggs are clean (confusing decor) but there may be a theme. Aight: the crab Rangoon and fried dumplings were the usual you get at any Chinese joint. Dislikes: Very little flavor. Part of the appeal of these chicken dishes is the sauce. I had like 2 tablespoons of the sesame sauce at the bottom of the dish. So white rice with no flavor and the chicken at the top with barely any saucy flavor made for a Mer dinner. And I mean for both chicken dishes. My dude was so hungry he just ate his as is. I doused mine with the sauce from my crab Rangoon. Sweet but at least it provided some flavor. Otherwise it's just fried chicken with sesame seeds. Bottom Line: I may give it another try.... Different dishes of course before I call it a wash. Maybe their sister restaurant (Zen Fusion) has better food?
5	Was craving Chinese for lunch and saw this place on yelp - decided to check it out and glad I did!Really tasty food with some Vietnamese dishes as well. Had the spicy thai pork and chicken lettuce wraps and they were awesome! Steamed pork dumplings and pork fried rice also delicious, and the Szechuan dumplings were the perfect amount of spice - everything was super yummy.Great and fast service so perfect for lunch - will def be back!
3	So, seeing the great reviews on Persuasian, and knowing the location is only a few minutes away, I was so excited to check it out. After two recent visits I wasn't as impressed as others, sorry. First visit was an early dinner so I just had the shrimp fried rice. Sadly, nothing to run back for. The rice was good, veggies okay, but I felt the shrimp was probabaly frozen. I wanted to give them another shot for an entree so went this past Thursday and ordered the vegetable egg roll, wonton soup and chicken with mixed veggies. The egg roll, one of the most bland egg rolls I have ever had. It was cabbage only with an overwhelming flavor of pepper and served with an absolutely extreme mustard sauce, ugh. Spit it out and passed on that one. The wonton soup had a good broth, however I felt it needed a little more flavor. And, the wontons, there was no pork inside, just raw wontons, another ugh! The chicken and veggies was good, finally a Chinese restaurant that serves fresh chicken. The veggies were good, but the brown sauce was a little greasy, and the bottom of my plate reflected that. Overall, things were good, but I did have higher hopes and wished  for a great place in Dilworth as we are very limited now.
4	This restaurant is right near work so we brought home dinner the other night and it was delicious. Kung pao chicken and general tso's chicken both spicy and fantastic.  Soups are great, and the steamed dumplings are really yummy.  Prices are reasonable and worth it.  They have a great mix of options to choose from.  A hidden gem.
5	New to the neighb so we decided to try it for take out. As we waited for our food we had a glass of sake and chatted with the owner, Chi. We have tried the shrimp fried rice and pork curry noodles and were blown away by both the flavor and quality! Fresh and not greasy!
5	Great variety of Asian food, absolutely love the Pho and Seaweed Salad! AwesomeNeighborhood restaurant with a great atmosphere and extremely nice employees. Nice weeknight takeout spots well, affordable and quick.
5	This is one of my favorite new places to get take out. The food tastes...lighter than other Chinese restaurants. I don't know how to explain it or even if there is a true difference. I have to believe there is though because it tastes different.I have always been satisfied by the price and the portions.They also have a really friendly staff and don't seem to have "strangers" sitting at the bar area. What I mean to say is, if you decide to eat in and dine at the bar, you will probably find yourself engaged in conversation with the staff and other patrons. I've never tried, it's just my impression.
2	Staff is great. Service is fine.  We moved from Northern Virginia/DC and we have yet to find Chinese food in Charlotte that is "traditional". everything here is Americanized and the food even here at Persuasian was super sweet.  the hot and sour soup was good.  the sauces seemed to be loaded with molasses. a lot of over sweet flavors. the garden rolls bland. the sauces with the garden rolls  non descript. we are very picky vegetarian eaters and look for a lot of oomph and flavor in our veggies and tofu.  We do not like sweet, but more savory chinese flavors..
4	Very new to Pho so I don't have anything to compare it to but I was at this restaurant twice this week. Yes! I like it a lot. The seaweed salad, well I could eat some all day. I like the healthy and light flavor of the pho. I have yet to try many other dishes but so far so good. The service is really good. Always attentive and polite. I will be going again probably very soon.
5	Great food - pho is amazing. They have Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese to choose from. Good drink prices too. Tucked away! I wish I had known about this neighborhood place the last 5 years I've lived here! It's a new go-to.
5	I have to say that this place has the BEST PHO's which is a Vietnamese soup. If you haven't tried this place put it on your list to come try it out you won't regret it!
