3	Stayed in middle of February.This hotel was OK. Not special, and you can tell it's pretty old and hasn't been updated in awhile.  The TV was very small, the kitchen was pretty crappy, but for the price I got it for; not that bad. Had to pay for the internet, I think it was 4.99 a day for 4 days, (who charges for internet anymore anyway)  The bed was firm, the pillows were floppy, and the comforter was about 40 years old, (insert sarcasm.) The bathroom area was just ok, Didn't have one of the curly shower curtain bars that most hotels have now so I felt cramped in the already small shower. I had a bunch of bags and asked for a lower level room, the guy at the front desk said (no, you booked on priceline, you get what we have left.)  Looking at the parking lot, they had a lot of rooms left.It was conveniently located and priced low so that was about the only "nice" thing about it, it worked fine but just gets 3 stars from meAnd btw, I searched 4 times for the correct address for this hotel, it's actually on E. chandler BLVD and not on S. 50th street.
4	I think the first reviewer actually stayed at the *other* ESA, about a mile down the street.  (Yes, it it hotel row here, right off the freeway).  That being said, the review is pretty accurate for the other one on Chandler Blvd.  If you have a choice, I highly recommend this one.  The biggest difference is the indoor corridors, which make it feel like a hotel and not like a Motel 6.  It's not in a fancy neighborhood (backs up against a Best Buy), but if you want a room with a kitchenette, it's just fine.
4	I stayed here for about a week while waiting for my new place to be ready to move into, and I must say, it was a nice experience.Recently I've been staying in many inexpensive hotels, and this one was definitely a cut above the rest.The room was clean, had WIFI, the basics to be able to make a meal, and had decent towels.The hotel is also conveniently located for shopping, food, and access to the highway.There is a $25 fee/night for pets which I thought should have been $25 per stay.
1	**THE MOST GROSS DISGUSTING HOTEL IN AZ, CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS**** DO NOT STAY HERE!I flew some work employees down to AZ for a training that lasted a week.  Not being from AZ I went on Hotels.com and saw some fairly pleasant reviews about this hotel.  I showed it to my reps and they loved the fact that it had a small kitchen that they could cook their own food!  Great!!  I booked the hotelI get a call from one of my reps on Monday who is also at the brink of tears. She said that a huge baseball team was there with the families.  Kids screaming, ruining up and down the hallways.  Rooms were filthy, sheets were disgusting, towels not clean.  Also this baseball team was indoors smoking pot...which lingered through the entire hotel.  One of  my girls stuffed dirty towels under the door to block the smoke coming into her room.   Finally they had had enough, so they go to to the front desk and wait to stand in line behind the WHOLE OTHER GROUP OF GUESTS WHO WENT DOWN TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE SMOKE AND ALL THE NOISE THIS BASEBALL TEAM WAS MAKING.The college kids who work the front desk really didn't give a rip and said "sorry, nothing we can do"   I got a hold of the district managers cell phone and call and left a msg...did she call me back ..HELL NO....LOL..wasn't surprised that I didn't get one.Needless to say I immediately moved them to the Comfort Inn in Chandler and they LOVED IT!! Clean, quiet...customer service was incredible!I have any more trainings to send my reps to and this hotel most certainly will not get my money...........
4	I usually look at reviews to make choices about where to stay. After making a mistake using Hotwire, I booked us into this hotel. I tried in vain to get the reservations canceled, based on reviews, but couldn't. Upon arrival, I was pleasantly surprised, with the location and grounds. Yes it is tucked back in some trees, and that's nice. The staff is very pleasant, and the rooms perfectly nice.  Not fancy, but very clean and comfortable. very relaxing. Maybe we were not looking for a luxurious resort type motel, and that is why we are very happy with this one.
1	Do NOT stay here.  I was here for two nights and was robbed. Even though it was just food and drinks that were taken, I can't believe that I was there less than 24 hours and someone came into my room and took stuff out of the frig.  Ridiculous.  I was very angry.  And their towels are like sandpaper.  I literally had to pat myself dry.  I am NEVER staying here again.
1	Back in January I submitted a survey in regards to the hotel located at 14245 S 50th St, Phoenix, AZ 85044 (480) 785-0464the manger Nikki the manager emailed me and requested additional information which I provided and  it turns out that management was just as rude as the rest of the other employees.She NEVER bother to acknowledge my message and I know for a I fact she got them because I CC me on the original email and I received it. The employees there are rude and condescending with the exception of Jason who was very nice to us.Two employed that I find unprofessional, unfriendly and plain rude. They were snappy, condescending and they have a way to belittle you with their words. Iris was one of them. She gave me attitude whenever I requested fresh linen. In one occasion she had the audacity to question me on why was I requesting clean sheets.. She said " didn't you get house keeping yesterday ?" And I had to explain to her that my one year old son have had an accident on them and that they were wet. I had to explain my self in front of other guest and that was so embarrassing. Iris is rather pushy, not a good quality for a customer service job. Also during my three week stay twice I had to demand that she sent the house keeper over to my room to clean it ,  Iris kept making excuses on why the maid was not able to make it to my room on my scheduled day etc.. In addition to the above, two different occasions Iris informed me that this establishment had run of toilet paper and Kleenex , which I find impossible to believe as i requested it them in two different weeks and I know you are not going to rent the rooms to new guest with out toiletries. I honestly had to start buying my own as I did not want to deal with her poor attitude, But my discomfort comes mainly from the fact that your website advertises free toiletries and the house keeper did NOT provide me with any the two times she cleaned my room. Also one time she asked me twice to wait a minute because she had to look at her cell phone.. Even  as I was about to check out I called Iris and asked if the front desk would have any empty boxes, Iris promised to check and call me back but I never heard from her. The other employee is Stephanie.Stephanie doesn't not make eye contact and she stares at the computer while you try to communicate with her.. .. She is very unfriendly and She also refused to provide me with toilet paper and further more when I called her to inform her that my toilet was clogged , she told me to come and get a plunger so I can fix the issue my own self . Also I asked her if I can have extra shampoo because I was out and she replied that the room should have had some when I checked in... Again I was not aware that this hotel only provides toiletries and shampoo once.. I also over heard a personal conversation she was having with one of the maids.. As I stated before.. So unprofessional.This was the worst experience ever had and therefore I decided to cut short my stay, I  will not be returning to this establishment not I will recommend it. This was not a stay away from home for me.. I should not have to argue with the employees for basic things that are included in the price I am paying. Lastly , I contacted the front desk four times to notify them that the kitchen sink was not draining properly, and nothing got ever done ....I don't feel I got my money's worth and I tried to stay as long as I could, but the service was just terrible..I would like to be contacted by your manager so I can express my distrust action and I truly hope I get another survey so I can provide the names of these rude employees.
1	Sooooo I guess I'll start with our check in, the front desk attendant (manager) was no where to be found. After about 10min of waiting she finally came down to the front desk and explained how they were slammed and she had to help the 1 maid clean rooms because they just had 20 people check out at once. We said okay no problem. We get to our room and OMG it smelled so bad, like cigarettes (non smoking room) and cup of noodles, luckily I had some air freshners in my car. I went back down to the front desk about 20min after checking in once again no front desk attendant/manager/maid. And as I waited there some guy decided to give me his whole life story about how he's been living at that hotel for 3 months and his gf just broke up with him blah blah blah. About 20min later I had to call the manager on her personal cell phone (# displayed in lobby) she came down and ended up not having what I wanted (matches). The bed was hard as a rock and had 2 of the thinnest pillows I had ever seen. And to top it off the room was dirty AF. Found a SEX DICE by the broken AC unit. And there was chocolate chips in all the drawers in the kitchen GROSS. Me and my wife will NEVER be staying at an extended stay America again. This place didn't feel like a hotel it felt like a shit hole apartment complex
