3	These days it seems like there are fewer and fewer of the old-style restaurants around, and more and more of your typical fast-food joint, which on one hand makes it less likely that we'll visit a place like the Sunrise Restaurant.On the other hand, there's probably a reason for that.  The staff at the Sunrise has to be caught in a good mood, and later in the day is not a particular good time, at least from what I've seen of them.  They can be nice, but that's probably a rarity.The menu is not an exercise in simplicity.  It's one of those things where you have a choice of just about anything and everything you might possibly want, and that could be bad.  The food itself isn't bad, it's just that you have to figure out what it is you want.  It's served quickly enough, and fresh enough, it just isn't anything outstanding.
3	This is one of those all-american places that serves just about anything but none of it is truly outstanding.  But it is a good place to go to hang out, have some coffee, and do some people watching.  I enjoyed myself when I was there, and will probably go again.  It's good if you're in the mood for it but you're not going to seek it out.
4	I have been eating at the Sunrise on Albemarle Road for more than twenty years.  It is one of the most consistent restaurants in regards to the taste and quality of the food in Charlotte.  If you order something you like, it will always be good.  If you order something that doesn't taste right to you, it will be the same next time.  For me, a ham and egg breakfast with toast and tomatoes is as good as it gets.  All of this for less than $8 makes for a fine morning.You should be aware of some of the patrons.  They are not your normal uptown crowd, they're more like country comes to the city type folks.  You are not likely to see any ties or fancy dresses here, just good ole Americana.
3	Shopping local and therefore eating local, I hit up the Sunrise while I was a few doors down waiting on my car to be tinted. A nice family-run restaurant with all the comforts of short-order cooking and unusual specials. I opted to go with the month's special, a baked spaghetti dinner that came with garlic bread and a salad. The salad was typical mass produced, but the lettuce wasn't damaged with freezer burn and the thousand island dressing seemed to be freshly made. The spaghetti was piping hot and had a good amount of sauce that I chased around with the last of the garlic bread.Good service and a very filling meal. It kept me going for several hours!
4	I'm an UP & AT EM kinda early (6am -7am) kinda guy. I took my son with me a while ago (see pictures........ NEED I SAY MORE???GOOD PLACE... family owned, operated. I have nothing bad to say about the place....TIP... ask for Fish (I think flounder or perch) for breakfast if you're into that kinda thing. I don't believe its on the Breakfast menu!!Cheer's
3	Good for what it is. Family style place with a large menu. Nothing fancy, plain diner fare.
4	Places like this are a dying breed which is a shame because I absolutely love it here. I've been going to Charlotte 2 to 4 times a year for about 6 years to visit one of my best friends and there hasn't been a visit where I haven't gone to Sunrise. I love all the booths and I've never had to wait for a table. Among my favorites are grits, biscuits, baked spaghetti, peach cobbler and real sweet tea! I don't drink coffee but my friends really seem to like that too. The servers are friendly, the food is good, the menu is large, you can eat breakfast ANY TIME and you can't beat the prices!
4	Awesome diner food! Simple meals for a decent price!!
4	Great for breakfast. Good biscuits and link sausages. Also I have not been disappointment with fish dishes, chicken.
3	Came here for dinner and was told to order the Cheeseburger. Good. I must say it wasn't extremely spectacular, and it didn't wow me as in I want another one but it satisfied my cravings for a burger. And well, it filled me up. It also comes with steak fries which is okay, but I opted for a salad (gotta have some good with the bad right?!) Service wasn't half too bad. I came late so there wasn't a water, but the good thing was that they had a huge pint of it on the table. So, I got to pour my own water and refill it whenever I wanted! (sure sounds like a waitress task, but it's okay I enjoyed it)Overall, it's not too bad not amazing though. Sad, that this place isn't open for late night or else I would come here more often.
4	Great breakfast! Food is very consistent always seems a little better than the other similar places around here. The one thing I like is that they know how to fry an egg over medium. I know it is a simple task, but 75% of the time at other placed you end up with runny whites or over cooked yolks, not here, eggs are right every time. Haven't tried lunch or dinner in many years, but it used to be good. I think I will try it soon.
3	My only experience with this place is when I stopped for a piece of lemon merenguepie. It was delicious, the service good , and the price was good, too.
3	If Sunrise is open then it is usually busy. During lunch it is very busy, expect to wait a few minutes to be seated. There is a good reason for this....very good food at very good prices. This place has been around for many years and is a staple for many people in this area. Breakfast is very good and very cheap, you will leave full and satisfied. Lunch and dinner are really good and reasonably priced. The portions are generous and the wait staff is as good as it gets. They recently redid the interior ( it was getting pretty shabby ). My bottom line for Sunrise is this....if you are in the area and want a really good home style meal at at good price turn into their lot and try to find a space to park....it will be busy.
5	I usually check out sunrise for breakfast but decided to try them out for dinner and I was not disappointed. First and foremost I love the old school diner vibe. The customer service is friendly and it's nice to eat at a place where the regulars eat daily that really says something about a place. I ordered the salmon cakes with a side of mustard greens and pinto beans!!! The salmon cakes were awesome fresh and crispy the pinto beans were to die for along with the greens that were seasoned to perfection. The cheese cake for dessert was awesome sweet and creamy and the best part the prices are reasonable!!!!
5	This is the best place in Charlotte to have breakfast, The breakfast special Monday through Friday is a great deal
