5	I am from NJ, just outside of NYC and I know good pizza.  I used to deliver pizza up north in a place that has been open for 50 years (one of the first pizza places in the area) and has delicious pizza.  This place has the best NYC style pizza down in Charlotte.  When I walked in for the first time I looked at the pizza (looked good), looked at the wall and spotted a picture of NYC (good sign), and then I watched the guy making pizza.  It took me about 5 seconds to see that he knew what he was doing.  It looked like when the original owner of the pizza place I worked at up north was making pizza.  The slices are HUGE (the fact that this guy can even stretch the dough that big shows he is a pro) and delicious.  This place could fit right in up north and do well...that is saying a lot for a place in Charlotte.  Great pizza, good prices.  Just get a slice and try to tell me its not delicious.
5	Was at Anna's Linens tonight so I thought I'd give it a try. OMG best white pizza EVER.  Probably the best pizza I've had in the south. Definitely top 2. I'm about to move across town, and I will occasionally come back to get this white pizza. It's just a ricotta base and mozzarella. After I ordered I started wishing I had added spinach, but after one bite I was so glad I didn't. It was just so pure and amazing as is. I'm a person that loves complex flavors, but this pizza is simple and divine. A small is 16" (a pretty large small) and was 10.95 plus tax. They also deliver. I got it to go but I noticed that the restaurant is exceptionally clean inside. I know it's fairly new, but I also know how fast a kitchen can get dirty and this place was sparkling.
4	Clean environment
3	I placed an order for delivery and it arrived right when they said it would. I had the spinach calzone which was okay. My boyfriend had the chicken parm sandwhich that he said was okay as well.  Both the calzone and the sandwhich was huge and Im pretty sure he ordered the small! We also got an order of the garlic rolls which were awesome! I'd definately order from here again.
5	Great New York style pizza.  I eat there twice a month.  The small pizza is huge.
4	Loved this place! We got a 16" pizza, half white and half Da Vinci Special. The white was okay. I guess I'm not a huge fan of ricotta cheese but the extra garlic and onion made it better. My boyfriend loved it though. The Special was good too. The pizza was so huge, we got two meals out of it.While we were there waiting for our pizza to be made I loved watching the guy make it, it was so entertaining. We will definitely be back even though this place is out of our way.
4	Ordered a half mushroom half cheese pizza this evening from Da Vinci's. Our first pizza ordered in Charlotte.  I am from the northeast (New Haven) and consider this really good New York Style pizza. Not New Haven but New York. I would definitely   order from them again.  The large pizza was huge.  The only problem I had with the pizza was the mushrooms were not fresh.  Canned mushrooms bring down the quality of a good pizza.  Will order another topping next time.
3	We likey..:)  Pizza slices are way bigger than your hand. I like how the tomato sauce is not heavy and not terribly sweet like some places. The toppings did seem like  they were just added to a cheese vs. freshly prepared, but we could have been wrong. The prices are pretty good and the service for take-out was quick. We will definitely be ordering on another lazy dinner night.
3	Big slices, but not the most impressive place for pizza. Worth a try, but will not be our regular spot for pizza. Price doesn't match quality.
5	I haven't found better pizza in Charlotte than DaVinci's.  Their pizza has a perfectly thin and crispy bottom with some chew after the initial crispness.  One slice of plain cheese is enough to fill me up as the slices are enormous.  The girl working the cash register at both locations is so friendly.  She always checks to be sure our pizza is to our liking (we generally order extra crispy) and fixes it if not.  This is the type of employee every business should have.  The garlic knots are also delicious.  VERY garlicky with chunks of fresh garlic caked all over the them.  The outside is crispy and the inside is soft and doughy.  After complaining about the lack of good NY style pizza in Charlotte for years, I have finally found my go-to place.
5	i haven't found better pizza than DaVinci's . Service is very friendly, Pizza and salad was great , and pizza was so hugeeee. great work . Love it
5	Wow thank you for a great pizza. This is a true gem in Charlotte. A large pizza is more then enough to feed a family of 5. Once again great pizza and will be back every time we are in town.
5	Hands down the best pizza in the university area! If you aren't that hungry or a small eater one slice is way a plenty. One slice is $2.70. I'll be back more than once.
3	So, I continue to check out places that offer pizza by the slice,  so today I ventured to Da Vinci's, and thought everything was okay. I arrived shortly before 12 and was the second person there, however, by 12:00 the place was packed. There are several booths and multiple tables in the restaurant. Upon ordering you receive a number and they call it out and deliver your order to you, which was nice. I chose the slice of pepperoni, my typical choice, and a side salad. The salad was crisp & fresh, and huge for a side salad. However, the ranch dressing was definitely out of the jar, I am thinking Hidden Valley, ha ha! As for the slice, great size, but it was a little cool and the sauce, although light, reminded me of jarred sauce too. It didn't have the freshness that some pizza sauces have. Great prices, quick service, an overall nice lunch. If in the area again I would stop in again.
5	As good as it gets in the south.  This is Due Amici are the only real pizza places in town.  Fuel, Hawthorne, etc ....if you like that then you mine as well just order dominos. Good pizza served up hot and in huge slices.  If you miss NY style then check out this or Due Amici.  That is all.
4	Tried this place for the first time and I'm honestly impressed. The pizza is HUGE and it taste good and fresh. I got 2 slices and some garlic cheese bread with a drink all for about $9 which is a great deal. Only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because of the customer service. Staff wasn't very friendly and seemed to enjoy their own convo more than they wanted to work.
3	I read the good reviews  and decided to go try it out. not to impressed the pizza was just ok. The pizza wasnt cheesy. I probably won't visit them again .
5	Excellent customer service! The food was as I had expected, delicious! I ordered a medium and it was huge! I still have half of the pizza to eat tonight!! I will be back!!
5	As a lover of New York style pizza, this place has me stunned. It is, in my opinion, the best pizza I've ever had. Portions are generous and the price is reasonable. I had the pepperoni pie with garlic knots and both were excellent. I'm about to order from there again for TWD night! Love it.
4	Although the order was wrong, the food was actually really good! I'm not a really big pizza fan, but after a lot of convincing I decided to try it and it was fairly decent. If I ever need to order pizza this will be the place!
4	Excellent pizza, big and thin slices just like NY style pizza. Recommend to any pizza lover.
3	Good pizza,! Combo prices pretty good. I got a large Philly Sub, was not worth the price. Too little meat, too many condiments. Buy the small sub rather than the large. 4 inches of extra condiments is. bad deal. From my last menu most items went up 50 cents, and portions stayed the same.
