1	I really want to write a good review of this company. They have a showroom just a mile or two from my house, and the sales staff all seemed so friendly, but unfortunately I am unable to say that I had a good experience. I originally went here because the showroom was on my way to work and I was in the market for new hardwood floors. I checked with Home Depot  & Lowes. Surprisingly Arizona Hardwood Floor Supply actually had a better deal (if you include the cost of labor) than both major box stores.A salesperson came by my house with a few samples. I picked one out and I asked if there was a way to have the hardwood transition to the tile with a seamless appearance. The salesman told me that with a little extra labor they could add a "reducer" to bring the wood floor down to the same height as the tile. It would be an extra $130 (this was detailed in the invoice/contract). I told him the "reducer" is what I wanted because I was not a fan of the rounded "T molding" you see in cheaper floors. The installers arrived a couple of weeks later and began work promptly at 7:30am. They called me at work at 9:30 to tell me that the fire alarm was going off and asked if I could come back and shut it down.  I came home, shut the alarm off and went back to work.  I came back home for lunch to check on the dogs. At this point about 75% of the work was done. And finally when I came home for good at around 4:30 they were just finishing up and I noticed they had installed "T- Molding". It didn't look as bad as I had imagined and the rest of the floor looked great so I figured I would just call the sales guy the next day and ask him to take the $130 off the final charge.  That was three days ago. I got a call today from a person whom I have never dealt with before. He wanted to confirm the final amount that they were going to charge my credit card. I told him about the T-molding issue and he refused to take that off the bill, he said that reducers are against code. I asked him why it is specifically listed there on the invoice then?  He then said that T-molding costs the same as the reducers. I was starting to get upset at this point. He also said that they will be charging me for an extra hour of grinding/leveling which would be $65 (the first 2 hours were free and in the contract). I explained that I was at my home throughout the day and didn't see them grinding at all, let alone for 3 hours.  Apparently I signed a document with the installers agreeing to pay for an extra hour of grinding. The installer never told me about an extra hour, probably because he knows I never saw them grinding during the day.  After another 10 minutes of haggling over the phone I think we were both fed up and I agreed to pay the extra grinding charge because that's what I signed off on but he would take off the extra $130 for the reducers.  So long story short, the floor looks great, but I came away feeling like these guys were trying very hard to nickel and dime me for materials and services that I did not agree to.
5	Great service! Finished the job early and had a great team in place. We could not be happier with the finished product. Definitely worth a call if you are in the market for flooring. We did the floors and then painting which was Arizona Painting Company and they were AWFUL! Our home will look great once we get the paint fixed to complement our gorgeous floors!
