1	We made the drive to Harem and were really impressed upon walking in.  There are cool lights hanging from the ceiling, Middle Eastern music playing, and plush, comfortable couches, inside and on the patio.  It had all the makings for a relaxing night of smoking hookah.It didn't take very long for us to decide we were never coming back.  In fact, I'd say it took about an hour.  That's because we received our hookah *one hour* after sitting down at our table.  It was a Saturday night, and only one employee was working when we got there.  It didn't seem like a big deal, as there were only 1-2 other tables occupied.Fast-forward 10 minutes, and the place gets slammed.  Within 30 minutes, nearly every table around us was full.  We watched, first concerned, then amused, then downright upset as everyone around us received hookahs (several tables who had arrived half an hour after we did got served before us).When our hookah finally arrived, the man muttered something along the lines of "sorry, there was a problem."If you want people to come back to your establishment, you 1) need to provide good service.  If you don't provide good service, you should 2) make an effort to win back the customer.Neither one of these things happened at Harem.  I'll add it to the list of hookah lounges we won't be visiting again.One more thing:  a bottle of water and a hookah came to $23.  For that price, I'd expect a lot better.
2	Major points for having one of the most wicked cool ambiences of any hang out sort of place I've ever been in. Very cool.Major deductions for crappy service, drink purchasing requirements (and frequently being out of the drink you order), and rules limiting when you can sit in the balcony area.The sheesha itself has been of varying quality.If you want hookah, you're better off going to Tempe instead.
4	Sexy, sexy, bo-bexy.  This place is gorgeous inside.  Drenched in red light spilling from ornate lamps dangling on chains from the lofted celing and dark enough to make me pretty.  *blink, blink*  The loft sounds just wonderful, but i dont actually know what it's like because they've NEVER LET ME SIT UP THERE even though i've never seen anyone else up there either.As for service... I've gotta agree that it's not particularly friendly - though I wondered if it was part of the authentic experience to simply treat me like the lesser half of my male companion.  I'm half middle eastern.  If you can't tell by my nose (and to be fair - many can't), you can definitely tell by the last name on my credit card.  so when I politely ask about your americanized name, confirm its middle eastern origins, and hazard a guess as to the meaning (which i looked up later on and i was right, dammit)... there's really no reason to scowl at me and treat me like i've spoken to you without permission.  The drinks are so/so but I always like the hookahs there a lot.  Good flavor may be worth the price... particularly the last time, when I got a surprising buzz after about 15 minutes.
3	Reading the other reviews they have it right! The decor is really cool! I love all of the lanterns and red lights, really nice and very gothic! I think of all the hookah places I have been, this one takes the cake with the decor.The service on the other hand could use a lot of work. Not once did the guy, only guy, come by to change the coals or ask if we needed anything. Once we got our hookah (black grape, very nice) and our chai tea (very yum) we never saw him again. I am used to fresh coals and some attention.I would go back, but I will learn to be more demanding? Like bring new coals! WFT? Why should one have to ask for that in a hookah place?Over all, I would go back and I would recommend it. BUT Don't be shy!
1	It pains me to review a place with one star, especially when it is locally owned and the owner is easily accessible by working in the establishment.  That being said, I am pleased to offer my one-star review for Harem.This place starts out very intriguing.  The ambiance looks phenomenal, a very dark place with a great patio that faces hoards of middle school kids killing time on a Friday night.  I've strangely found that every time I go there, the music gets cranked up about 15 notches to the point where conversation becomes extremely difficult...not a good aspect of a hookah bar.From there it gets worse.  The hookah is very expensive (especially compared to some of my local Tempe joints, and on top of that, there is a one drink minimum.  However, the way that you are notified about this is ridiculous.  My group ordered three coffees, a latte, and five waters.  When we were brought five $4 Voss water bottles, we were a little surprised.  Upon inquiring, we were informed that coffee doesn't count as a drink, and rather than ask what our one drink would be, we were brought extremely overpriced water.It gets worse.  Our coffee took about 25 minutes to be delivered, our charcoal was changed one time, and although the owner apologized for 'the mess,' there was no attempt to rectify it and put us in a position where we wanted to come back.My advice would be as follows,1.  Hire more staff if it takes more than 10 minutes to get a cup of coffee on a table2.  Turn the damn music down3.  Make a one drink minimum for people who aren't dropping $25 on average sheesha4.  Use the proceeds from the $4 waters to put a lock on the bathroom door!!Unless I see that there are some drastic changes I will not be returning to Harem.
1	Came here on a Sunday afternoon to meet a friend, about 3:30pm. The place was completely empty, except for a couple sitting outside. It's great weather so my friend, who already had a starbucks, takes a seat outside as I go into to order an espresso drink. As I walk up the employee (possibly owner/manager) is clearly checking out my friend outside, very distracted. I order a coffee and receive a robotic reply, "Lattes or Mochas" and hands me a menu. As I try to order again he interrupts me saying that "there is no outside beverages allowed" in reference to my friend. I let him know I'm ordering something but he insists that even so, my friend can't have his coffee. We leave and walk over to Vincent's (two stores over, a nice Pizza place), where they have no problem with me ordering a drink there and us relaxing outside. No business + a bad review all over a simple coffee.
1	I haven't been to a hookah bar in years and every time I walk by Harem's I think to myself, this looks like the coolest place ever! I took a chance, my girlfriend and I took a seat outside and after waiting a good 5 or 10 minutes someone comes to help us. I ask for a hookah and a couple drinks, apparently she isn't responsible for the drinks so an older guy comes to the table checking Id's, no big deal, but this is when the fun starts.. I'm quizzed on everything from my address, hair color, weight and whatever else he felt like asking, I'm 29 and have NEVER had this happen but I go along with it. He then turns to my girlfriend (29 also) and does the same thing and eventually denies us service! I have never had this happen to me! I suppose I should be thankful because I walked over to Ra after and had a fantastic night but I will never go back to Harem's.
1	Hmmmm lets see where we start with this one! :)The decor is good as many have pointed out. But as far as the rest of the night goes....I'm at a loss of words. If I were an award winning writer, I might have found the words to express the Sat night we spent at this joint---but I'm not....but a comic tale this is for sure.We get greeted horribly to a one drink minimum even before we sat at our table.Waiters(2 of them) come by to ask us about what we want, but no one brings anything out for a good 10-15 mins. Finally the owner comes to charm us, suckers me to a drink that he wanted me to have...so I go with it....no worries.Umpteen attempts to get the heater working fall on deaf ears--till finally the owner tell us that is nice and chilly out---why would we want the heater anyways? :) He does however warn us that the gas cylinders are empty---but we could try our luck to see if they light up :)We are asked to order drinks, hookahs etc...everything we ask for isnt there.....so we compromise and order something. After we order, every employee of this establishment comes to take our order again---to remind us of the one drink minimum and that we need to order! Finally things started to roll out and get funnier for the night. We get some strawberry looking drinks that we didnt ask for and we ask the waiter to bring us the smoothies we had ordered---she goes back and tells us--those we cant make so have these instead! :) Oh and that mint hookah we ordered---after smoking it for 5 mins---didnt smell any mint---so we ask of course---yup NOT MINT! .....they didnt have any so they made us some strawberry watermelon mix that they thought we might like?Man I could go on and on--one after the other---we just sat around ordering things to see what would actually come to us!Food we ordered didnt show up.Drinks we ordered didnt show up.Hookah we ordered didnt show up.Everything we didnt order--showed up!If for no other reason---go here just to see how bad it can be.
4	I rather enjoyed this place.  Owner is totally cool dude and was kind to have remembered me from my one visit months ago - impressive indeed.  The atmosphere is really really interesting.  Really chill obviously :)  I'm not a big hookah smoker, but enjoy it every now and then.  I've notice a lot of people complained about the price...okay..sure.  I say you pay for the location and ambience of the place.  Definitely a return for me :)
1	Do NOT go here if you like having good service and drinks that don't cost a ridiculous amount of money. We went on a saturday around midnight, we were seated fairly quickly but after that everything when downhill. It took them a half hour to get us a Hookah and even longer to get our drinks...well some of our parties drinks. We had to ask two-three times for others. Our friend ordered a blue moon, 15 minutes later when she still hadn't gotten it she managed to flag down a waitress, only to be told that they were out. The manager then came over and proceeded to talk her into buying a martini, of course they didn't tell her their martinis cost $17! It was a really bad martini too. A long Island is $10, an iced coffee with 2 shots of Kahlua is 18.50! The drinks were small and not very strong. They also only served 2 items on their menu, which makes me wonder why they even bothered giving us one.  Their hookah is very expensive. Don't be fooled by their 3+ people for $25 with 2 free refills. The first bowl you get counts as a refill, then you get 1 real refill after that. The bathroom is also filthy, co-ed and the lock on the door is broken. The only cool thing about this place is the decor, and it's not nearly good enough to make up for the shitty service and overpriced...everything.
1	For reference i went to this place Wednesday june 30th at 11pm. Where should i start with this place? First, extremely pricey and 1 drink per person minimum. Three drinks and one hookah is $42.00. second, right away service wad horrible, drinks took 20 minutes to reach our table and that is after checking on them twice just to find out the kid who was making the drinks just left them in the blender and walked upstairs to chat up two girls that I guess he was more interested in than helping paying customers. ( mind you this was at 11pm on Wednesday with only one other couple there at the time so it's not like the  kid was busy).  So that being said the hookah actually took even LONGER than the drinks about 35 mins to be exact. And after delivering the hookah it became very harsh within 4 mins of sampling it. When we went to go ask the kid at the front to fix it we found him smoking what seemed to be (and smelled like marijuana) upstairs with his little gfs. We at this point were so upset that he was not helping us at all that we demanded a refund in which he said he couldn't even give us even though we did not even touch the hookah. The kids name is Blake. Or at least that's the name he gave us lol. But I would never recommend this place and would honestly love to give it negative stars If possible. Good luck getting any kind of service here. And if you get a kid named Blake on Wednesday night good luck getting anything you ordered.
1	30 seconds in this posh place, and I was already excited. They had a coffee bar, the most awesome assortment of bottled beverages I've seen in ANY hookah bar, and the atmosphere--oh my, is it lavish.It was a trap! $15 for a one hose hookah ties the priciest I've ever paid. Wait, what's that? It's $20 just because it's a Saturday night? Now you're pushing it. Well, at least I can split the cost with my friends. Four people to a hookah will be alright, I suppose. A cover charge, you say? Five dollars for each of my friends who didn't order a hookah? Alright, now we're up to $35 for four of us to share a one hose.But the nickel-and-diming doesn't end there. You'll also be required to purchase a drink. No hard feelings about the drink itself--the introduction to sparkling Voss ($4) was welcome. But to pay for that after the cover...isn't that a little extreme for a hookah bar?After shelling out what felt like a ripoff, I was still ready to have my mind blown by this place. Too bad I didn't even get to sit on the second floor! I asked, and received no reason why it couldn't be done when my party was the only one in the building. If you ever have the misfortune of coming here, you'll see why that's a big deal--the second floor is the coolest little balcony you'll ever see at at a hookah bar.So I finally get the hookah. It looked like an expensive piece, but I was displeased to see instant light coals (low quality) sitting on top. I huffed and I puffed, but could barely muster one iota of smoke. After sucking ash, I complained to the waitress, who was almost clueless about what to do.15 minutes later, I got my hookah back. It smoked alright...too bad they used the cheapest shisha. Why charge so much when you use such a low quality product? I can barely even call Harem a hookah bar. I think that's just a front. It's a place to sip coffee and Voss in style, that just happens to serve subpar hookahs on the side. It's the most expensive place of its kind, yet has the worst quality I have ever encountered. One star is too much, and I may never go again...unless they let me smoke on the second floor.
4	I like this place.I like that it has a real bar, and neat-O light up menus, and cool ambiance.Yes, it's like 2x's more expensive than the Tempe places.But I will gladly pay it, becuase of what I listed above :)
1	I HATE this place and let me tell you why. It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house so we decided to go check it out for my first hookah experience. When we got there, they were out of mostly all of the flavors and had no idea when they'd be getting more. Whatever. We settled on one they did have in stock and then were forced to get drinks. Like seriously, no sodas?? Just expensive bottled water and smoothies. So we get the smoothies. There's no smoking inside or on the 2nd floor (even though one guy did manage to get them to let him up there, I have no idea how though) so we were seated outside where we had to wait 15-20 minutes for the hookah and then another 10 minutes just for our drinks. When we did actually try the drinks, I regretted it immediately. My boyfriend thought his tasted OK at first but upon me tasting it, I told him it tasted like downing a bottle of perfume. What kind of smoothie tastes like perfume?? We were told free refill but we never did do that cause I was actually in a rush to get to class that night. So we made plans to go back and we did about a week later. The second time, we stopped at the Valero on Ranch Circle to buy our own drinks, thinking we could outsmart them and not have to buy their shitty smoothies. We get there and they were a bit busier than last time, so much so that we believe the guy that we need to wait 15 minutes for a table because all of the tables and couches inside and out were packed. But we started getting pissed when a group that came in after us got a table so my boyfriend goes over to ask the guy and he just tells us that he's waiting for us to get rid of our outside drinks. It was the owner so he had us sitting there for a half hour thinking we were getting a seat and meanwhile he knew he wouldn't give us a seat. Why didn't he tell us that when we first walked in? Customer service and having shisha in stock doesn't seem to be their priority at all so let me know when that changes, guys, cause honestly, I'd still love to give this place one last chance. Otherwise, I'll make the drive to Tempe to find a better place. I like hookah, just don't like Harem's.
4	This place hands down has some great decor that provides some great ambiance. I like how the owner is hospitible. The only thing that stops me from givng it 5stars are the prices. A little pricey
2	Ah, Harem Hooka. How I adore your decor and general vibe. Nice lounge music, good looking people, and awesome looking hookas. But, what the hell is up with your service? Even though there were numerous people working... the place felt like one person was tending to 50 tables... instead of 5 people tending to 15 tables.I just don't get it, especially since for the most part once people have their hookas... you don't have to tend much to them. Now, I know Harem has food and drinks and that is keeping people busy... but still!Also, your heat lanterns kept blowing out. Brrr. That made it a little nippy outside.The owner guy (or that is what I am assuming he was) seemed a little bit pissed about life. Maybe he was stressed or something but he just seemed to generally be grumpy. It isn't good for the *owner* to kind of be in a pissy mood... especially seemingly toward patrons. (i.e. he was a little pissy with me when our pita and hummus order was taking 15+ minutes to come out and I told him just to cancel it).I've gone to other hooka places and I think the "hooka experience" is much better. Maybe this is because they concentrate more on the hooka aspect of the business versus the restaurant/bar aspect. So I will say it this way... If you are looking for a trendy place for hooka... this is an awesome place. If you are wanting more of an authentic hooka with faster service... certainly try somewhere else.
2	I agree with the rest of the reviews; the decor and the general vibe is exceptional.  It is more expensive than the other places I usually go to, but when you are looking for a posh and chic place for special occasions, I head down to Harem.The problems I face are as follows:-Hookah is pricey, and so is EVERYTHING else there.-Restroom does NOT have a lock.  How difficult/expensive is it to replace the lock on a door?-The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  If there is a hole in the hose, you should not try to convince me that it does not affect the smoking when it clearly does. -The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  You should keep the hygienic plastic pieces for the hose in stock, and if you are out just explain that you are out.  Don't give me some speech about how your hoses are cleaned thoroughly after every use.  That was not my question.The first time I was there, there was only one server (no owner) and he was fun, attentive, nice, and pleasant.  Then the rest of the time the owner was there and it ruined my image of the place.  The owner should simply accept the fact he is not a people person, hire a manager who is, and stay away from the business.  The place would get much more business.
5	I really dig this place. It's very nice, clean with a great menu, great hookahs and great service.It's been around for a long time and the commitment of the owner, who's always there, shows.Highly recommended.
1	It was my brothers birthday and I took him to dinner at RA and saw this place across the way. I asked him if he would like to smoke hookah after and he was stoked. Before we entered he and my other brother had a cigarette outside before they entered.  After they were done, we walked inside and asked how much it was for just 2 of us and they said 15 but all 3 of us had to buy ok drink. Ok... We sit down and I asked the waitress what kind of beers they had, she stated she didn't know. I had to ramble of a few to figure out what I wanted. As we are waiting for our hookah we are rudely interrupted by either the owner or manager who decides to let us know there is no smoking allowed. We look at him wondering why he is telling us this because none of us are smoking. He says you were the ones smoking outside before you came in so I just wanted to ensure you knew. Just because its a hookah bar do you really think we are going to smoke cigarettes when there are no ashtrays? We are not disrespectful like that... But maybe we look like it. Then we start to smoke our hookah and he comes over again and tells us that our hookah doesn't look sturdy and to be careful. I then ask him, "I'm just wondering, do we look like we are rowdy? Because you have came over twice now letting us know.." I'm sure you get the point.He says, "no, not at all. I'm just going to get you another hookah. And if you want you can move spots." As he walked away I realize he wants us to move because there are 3 of us sitting at a spot that can fit 6. Might I add its a thursday and not busy. Can we say rude? And I don't think he was going to grab us another hookah until I said something.When we got our new hookah it was harsh and burned our throats.I asked to have then move the coals and it was prefect. Then 5 min maybe 10 min later they come by and add another coal. I thought they were just moving the ones around again. (granted I thinks its good customer service to do that but I think they should always ask)... Why? Because it was harsh again but worse. It just ruined it and we decided it was time to go.The girls restroom doesn't have a lock (which makes me uncomfortable to use the restroom because they don't have stalls) and has writing all over the door.The only part that we enjoyed here was when we yelped the place to see what everyone else said and got a good laugh because all the negative reviews were so true!
4	This place was awesome. The people that work here are super friendly. The I'm assuming manager came and apologized over and over cause our waitress accidentally dropped the hookah so it shattered everywhere and it took 5 min to get a new one. Seriously not a problem at all. We will be going back for sure. Super convenient and and friendly people. Awesome experience.Oh the only downfall is they didn't have coffee at night so I settled for water
5	Seriously love this place. The owner/manager not sure which he is pretty sure owner.  He's awesome he now remembers out order and everything and this was on;y our third time there:) Staff is super friendly as always and everything is on key! Can't wait for next weekend
3	So after a birthday dinner at RA we decided to just hang out this Hookah Lounge across the way. The place is highly decorated like some dungeon basement theme. Its pretty small. We had 20+ people and we packed it pretty good. They do have a decent size patio. They also have a second story loft but it will not fit 20 of us. Place has TV's and play videos. The owner did say he has a music video DJ on the weekends. Since we came in that many people the owner actually discounted our drinks and gave some free to us. Its nothing special just a neighborhood Hookah Lounge but in Ahwatukee.
3	I write this review with sadness in my heart.  I have been coming to Harem since it was Coffee Society and before they started serving Hookahs.There are no locks on the bathroom.  Embarassing when a drunk from Ra walks into the bathroom and takes a couple minutes to figure out you arent a toilet.No soap in the bathrooms.  I need to clarify this - the last 3 times I have been there, no soap in the bathrooms.The coffee is still great, the hot chocolate was awesome, the hookah was great... but Ive been coming here for over 10 years.  I can see the decline.Buy soap, put locks on the bathrooms, and bring back the good shisha you used to serve up.=(
5	I didn't really go for Hooka stuff before, but I frequent the theater next to Harem so often that I began popping by regularly just to see what the fuss was about. I don't drink, but I chug their coffee back as though it held an antidote. The coffee is phenomenal and that alone is worth stopping in for a taste. They appear to have a decent alcohol menu and it lights up, too! :)The food is excellent. It's a little awkward to stop in for a hooka AND eat AND drink massive cups of coffee, but I do it more often than I'd expect. It's mostly a Mediterranean affair of finger foods with some larger entrees as well, but I have yet to be disappointed after haunting the place for about two and a half years.The hooka there is incredible. I'm not entirely knowledgeable about hookas on my own, but the various blends are as appealing to the nose as they are to the tongue. Rich scents and flavors course through with each puff and it is heavenly. Absolutely worth a try.The service is phenomenal and always polite. I've never been left hanging for food or drink and my coals are always well tended to. I'm a huge fan of Harem and I plan to be frequenting the place for a long LONG time to come.  I can't recommend it enough.
2	The only good thing about this place is the intimate setting and the beautiful decor. Otherwise, I was disappointed. The hookah was supposed to taste like coffee, pistachio and jasmine but it all blended together into a muddy mess. The drinks were overpriced. If I don't specify a rum then give me well. Don't pour me the expensive stuff. I didn't try any of the food but who goes to a hookah bar to eat anyway? All the waitstaff seemed more concerned with restocking the fridge with redbull than asking me if I wanted another drink. The absolute worst part was the music. A DJ came in and started playing Pussycat Dolls and Eminem. What is it, 2005? Current music played at an appropriate volume would have been nice instead of blaring hits from six year ago. I won't go back.
1	I Would NOT recommend this place.  I've been to many hookah shops and this was by FAR the worse one.SUPER expensive and service was horrible.Take the little extra time and hop down to Tempe - You'll find tons of hookah places far better at a fraction of the price. The worse thing was the service.  Attitude, not friendly and VERY uncooperative.  Then to top it over, our bill was $75 for only 2 hookahs with water for drinks.  At a competitive shop, we'd have the same for about $30!!!!!!!
3	Alright, so I'll be honest here, this was my first experience at a hookah bar, so I don't have much experience to go from.  On the other hand, I like to think I give pretty fair, intelligent reviews that are well-thought out.   I've been here twice so far.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Hookah is superb.  I will say their stuff is pretty good.  Smooth, not powerful, and flavorful.  -/+ Customer service.  I think they're decent, but not amazing.  They're nice, friendly, and definitely help you out with any questions you may have.- EXPENSIVE.  Holy mother of... why would I wanna pay $30 for hookah?  It just really blows my mind how much it costs.  It is good stuff... but really?-/+ You must order a drink.  I kind of understand how this works on the business side of things, but I think maybe it cuts back on the amount of clientele.  And it's kind of annoying.  I go there for a smoke, not for a drink or coffee.  + Atmosphere.  Definitely what comes to mind for me when I hear "lounge."  Dark, spacious, comfortable, candles lit.  It's a nice place to relax for sure.  It's wonderfully decorated and you can tell the owners take pride in its appearance.
1	If you live in Ahwatukee, you know this is the ONLY hookah lounge nearby... the next closest ones being near ASU, some 7-15miles away...Sammy. I can't tell you enough how disappointed I am in your negligence to run a business... Way too over priced.NO COAL SERVICE. I used to work at a hookah lounge- they try packing on 5 or 6 coals on top of the bowl so it will burn thru really fast, convincing the customer to either leave sooner (to free up room for more customers) or purchase another refil... I asked the employee if I could have a pair of tongs, thinking they simply forgot to bring out tongs, and he said 'customers aren't aloud to have tongs- they drop coals and burn themselves' do I look like i'm gunna burn myself?? the only thing burning is the tobacco- and that's cuz there's 5 fucking coals on it. OKAY, if I can't regulate the proper ashing and rotation of my coals, who will??? I have to flag you down and complain about the hookah before you'll even look at the coals....POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. due to the over-use of coals, only 2 people in my group of 4 got to smoke hookah before it turned to burnt ash. I told Sammy the bowl was unacceptable, and he agreed to load a different bowl, with different flavors (His excuse was "Sometime that flavor doesn't taste good" SO WHY WOULD YOU SELL IT?!???) and then at the end of the night, he ended up charging us for the 2nd hookah. $50 for 2 terrible hookahs...and your alcohol.... is WAYYYYY overpriced.... $9 for a bottle of Dos Equis???honestly, I understand the business a lot more than you do.In order to stay in business as a hookah lounge, you need to provide much better service, switch to better quality tobacco, and cut your prices in half. then you will have more loyal returning clientele. I know you have SOME customers that return, but I blame that on their lack of knowledge and having not experienced what a GOOD hookah lounge has to offer.If I could rate 0/5 starts, I would. I'll give you this- you have nice expensive TV's and your Furniture is rather comfortable....I have an idea, how about you hand over your business to me, let me fix it, and I'll pay you a percentage- it'll be more than what you're making now, AND you'll get to see how a business should be ran...
1	Would give this place zero or negative stars if possible.  Service was awful, drinks were mediocre and they don't tell you that they charge "for seating".  So we ended up paying a lot of money for a very negative experience.
1	If I could give negative stars I certainty would be giving a negative 10.  At first it seemed like a cool chill hang out but then all of  a sudden you realize you have been here for 30 minutes and list to the crappy music.   The guy charged us for other peoples stuff, changed prices everytime he told us why our bill was too high.  Blamed our friend for not paying (when in fact they did). End of story we paid way for stuff we didnt get ( disputing with BofA in morning) and the guy was a big ass and ended with a glass a water in his face with everyone clapping.  I would not go there agian unless you plan on paying for stuff you dont get, Crappy service, Crappy DJ with music way too loud and a bill higher than my house payment for 40 minutes of hooka time.  This place wont be around long , service sucks, owner is a jerk , and her charges you for thing you didnt get.  Plus prices change if you question it so he doesnt even know how much stuff costs he makes is up as he goes.DO NOT GO HERE IT IS A WAIST OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY
3	I love coming to Harem with a few friends to chill and have a great time. I've been here twice and loved it. Inside they have a few couches and the place is lit up with red lanterns. It gets super loud inside from the music so I like to sit outside on the patio they have. There are plenty of places to choose to sit for small or large groups. The owner/employees are super chill and ready to help. However, a few times our coals would burn out completely without someone changing them. The volume of the music makes it harder to ask. Harem is also way over priced. It's $20 for hookah and a drink. If you want another drink it's an extra $10. There is no cost to change the coals. And they don't check ID, which was a plus! Overall, I really enjoy coming here to chill. And I would recommend coming here if you have extra cash and want something to do with your friends.
2	Overpriced drinks. Terrible service. Was overcharged. Only redeeming quality was the tobacco was top notch. Would not recommend.
2	I came here on a Sunday night, nobody was there and I was actually his first customer. Hookah was overpriced for what it was and we paid before we even got the hookah. It was 30 dollars and you have to order at least one drink. He did tell us that we had to wait 10 minutes for the coals to warm up even though it took around 20 minutes. We smoked hookah for about 3 minutes before it got harsh and we had to practically hunt down the employee to fix it. Overall, it was a "whatever" experience. Decor was beautiful and they do have a full bar. However, I won't be back. If you want good hookah and easy prices, you're better off going to Tempe.
1	As a hookah frequent, I have to say Harem has to be the biggest waste of money iv ever spent at a hookah lounge.  The other reviews are pretty accurate. The wait staff sucks, oh wait...there's only ONE employee ever working (if that qualifies as a wait staff). The hookah is always too harsh. The quality of shisha is nothing to write home about. ONE hookah and two waters totalled 35.00 !!! & when I handedn the cashier 40.00 in 20 dollar bills he asked me if I had exact change because he had no twenties or ones. Like I stated before,  waste of $$$. It only gets one star because the decor is cute. But then again, id rather sit in a basic lounge with good shisha and fair prices. Fail.
1	Okay so I am a total hypocrite by giving this place one star considering the fact that I have been here more than once.Anyways, FOR THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN HERE....Located next to RA, which is pretty busy like all day, surprisingly, this place is never busy(but I personally love empty hookah lounges). The lounge is very attractive. This place appears to be very upscale. There is a full bar and the menus light up which is pretty neat. There is also an upstairs and outside seating area.The MAJOR downfalls about this place are that there is usually just one person working. It's the same guy that's been in there everytime I went. He is very inconsistent on checking on you to see if you need more coals or not. He actually isn't even in the front half of the time. Everytime I got a hookah, it has always been harsh. EVERYTIME.Also, the prices are "go f*ck yourself" ridiculous. Extremely high for what you get. The shisha isn't a very good quality in general and to have the audacity to charge $30.00 for a single one hose, this is unacceptable under all circumstances. YA YOU'RE A NICE LOOKING LOUNGE BUT...if you give me halfass hookah, how am I supposed to enjoy myself? Why did I come here again since I had such a bad experience?...well, it's convient to me and I'm too lazy to travel.If you are a regular hookah smoker, or just in the mood to smoke, you're better off traveling the extra 10 minutes to Tempe.
4	I'm a huge fan of Harem. The ambiance is perfect for hookah and having a well stocked bar doesn't hurt either. Being a small business, the service does suffer slightly on busy nights, but flagging down any of the friendly staff solves that problem right away.
2	The first time my group and I went it was a blast the owner was super nice. We went again this past Friday and the service was terrible. He was rude. We paid 10 bucks. Person the first time and then he upped it to 20 bucks saying "i was being nice". We asked for water and he said "go get it yourself". Was in our faces for no reason and we just left. Because of the wishy washy service we left and went to Hubbly Bubbly in Tempe and it was amazing and great service. Not to mention no wishy washy service.
3	The hookah is good but other than that nothing, the rest room is not clean (men and women) the waiter is nice but never smiles. If you just care about the hookah its good but for total package there is better.
1	We got ripped off!!!! I went here last Saturday night. The price in the menu for hookah is $25. When we went to pay our tab, the owner said it was $20 each, including the person in our party who did not smoke and only had water. Not only were we deceived about pricing, the service was mediocre, if not below average. Don't come here.
2	Not sure what kind of sheesh they use but it tasted like ash. After the owner yelled at me for having my feet on the table he changed the hookah. It still tasted like a cigarette. If you're looking for a good hookah lounge go to white cloud.  Also I wanted a coffee and they're machine was broken.
5	Love this place the owner is real kool and always remembers me when I walk in the door and I always get A1 service when I come this is my hang out
1	I went here tonight and it was a major disappointment. My friend wanted hookah and I just wanted a cocktail. The girl that was working told us that she can't sell alcohol tonight because her boss wasn't there. We asked if it was just a Monday night thing and she said it wasn't, she just didn't have her alcohol license and was the only one there. Second, my friend just ordered 1 hookah for herself and the price wasn't on the menu. We figured since it was just for 1 person it would be reasonably priced but when she cashed out she was charged 30 dollars. This place is overpriced because of alcohol Hookah Lounge but the fact that they didn't even sell alcohol shouldn't allow for such high prices. It shouldn't even be $30 for one person anyways and if you're going to be open and pride yourself on a bar they should hire employees that can actually sell their product. Don't go here this place is stupid.
1	So. Don't order water, because they'll bring you a bottle, which, fine, but--- what they don't tell you is that that bottle of water is $10.00. And it's not Fiji, it's not Voss in a glass bottle-- it is Crystal Geyser. Do I get the other 23 in the case w this price? Beer? $10.00 Vodka soda? $10.00HUH? Basically, if you don't drink hard liquor they're going to rob you. Also, menu says hookah $25.00, cool.Except, since we had 5 people, they instead charged $10.00This. Math. Doesn't. Add. Up. If I came alone, it would be $25 but with a group it's $50? I cannot and will not ever ever ever return to this place. This is the kind of robbery I might deal with in LA--- this isn't LA. You're basically in a shopping center. Hookah was fine- but certainly was not a $100+ experience for the group.
4	I like the ambiance of this place. Been here 1x before and again last night w/ a buddy from out of town and he liked it too! They played hip hop nice & loud & you were still you're able to carry a conversation and people watch. I didn't pay so im not sure how this place is price wise. Our server came around frequently and checked on our coals and made sure our cups stayed full. Owner is a cool chill guy and very friendly as you enter. Definitely a place I will return to!
1	Being charged for water is a recurring issue.    The owner does not pay his employees for months then shorts them when he does.   Horrible management.  Now a fire like the one in January 2014?
