5	I have been going to Gwen since 2007. I have dyed my hair blonde,red,and brown, and I have had it cut both long and short by Gwen. She is truly the best. I love visiting with her and Ashley. Not only are they great stylist, but they are amazing listeners and give great advice. I have recommended many friends to them, and they were also very satisfied. I plan on going to them to do my hair for my wedding this summer. Their price is great! I will never go to anyone else!!!!
5	Great!
5	I couldn't imagine NOT having these girls. Both of them are amazing at what they do and so great at providing you with what you need. I have been seeing Gwen since 2007 and have literally had every color. I've been a brunette, blonde, red head, ombre', highlights, lowlights, bobs, and extensions. She is AMAZING! She does everything and anything. Every time I get my hair done I always receive tons of compliments. I am NEVER unhappy and always enjoy spending time with both of them. It's fun and you get pampered at the same time. I always feel like a new woman when I leave and I will never go to anyone else. They are both the best and very reasonable.
5	Anyone who can be as patient with my husband as Ashley deserves 5 stars. My husband is very particular and she pampers him like a movie star.
5	Ashley makes my hair look great and makes me feel at home in her chair. Convenient location too.
5	I've been getting my hair done by Gwen for years! I love this place. Both girls are super talented! Gwen will do exactly what you want or give you ideas if you're not sure. I always get color and a cut. I won't ever go anywhere else. And don't forget, you can bring the whole family, men's and kids hair too!
5	Ashley and Gwen are the best! I always look forward to getting my hair done and I always leave impressed. Ashley is an amazing colorist and stylist. She is hilarious and a blast to be around. This salon is a jewel!
1	Would not recommend this salon ever. What happened to salon stylists looking and presenting themselves amazingly.  Most stylists now days dress like crap and their hair looking undone and sloppy.  These ladies were nice but very sloppy and the work done on my hair was Ehhhh, soso. Nothing to brag about.  Whats worse is that the set up of the salon, with no receptionists is so weird and awkward.  The girls doing my hair was sweet but the stylist next to her decided to tell me that she didn't like my hair cut, meaning the way it was cut.  Almost making fun of me.  My theory is, if your going to make that comment, your going to follow up with a "let me fix it for you".  Otherwise it comes off insulting......duhh wouldn't you want my business.  This comment isn't wanting my to come back and get further servcies.  Then she says "sorry we keep it real here", THIS ISNT PROFESSIONAL, its not about keeping it real lady.  What happen to good service from professional people, with hair and style that make me WANT to get my hair cut from....? someone please tell me.
5	Love this salon! Conveniently located in the district. Brandi always does an amazing job on my hair! No matter if I'm going blond, or decide to go totally dark. Not to mention she gives the MOST amazing scalp massage I've ever had! Literally feel like a new person when I leave. I also like how private their little rooms are. Makes girl talk with Brandi that much better, and I don't have to hear all the other conversations going on, and they don't have to hear mine! 5 stars! :)
5	Brandi is the BEST! If you are looking for a talented stylist, she is your girl. She takes her time and gives you exactly what you ask for.  The scalp massage alone is worth the trip. I love the private room! No yapping going on around you. A great experience from start to finish.
5	I have been going to Brandi for years! She is wonderful and does fantastic hair!! Her scalp massage is the best!!
5	I originally stumbled upon Brandi through a Groupon. That was a few years ago and I have not looked back since! Amazing cuts and her head massages are honestly amazing--and I didn't even like head massages before. Check her out, you will not be sorry!
5	I love Ashley Czanstke, as a professional and talented stylist! My first visit required complicated color, since I had been sick for three months, and unable to update my bleach blonde style. I had two inch black roots with orange tinted highlights underneath. With no trepidation, Ashley created a beautiful combination of light roots, scattered lowlights, with a long layered haircut that gave me some much needed shape. She was friendly, kind, efficient, and a good listener. I was visiting my parents from out of state, and already have my next appointment with her booked!  She is a very talented hair artist!
5	I recently went to get highlights and a cut and and am very happy I chose this place. Brandi was awesome and it's true, she gives the best scalp massage!
5	Very unique salon concept. Very relaxing ambiance. My haircut was done by Brandi. She has real warm personality, excellent skills, gorgeous result. Great hair products used. I have never had such great scalp massage in years!!!!
5	Saw Brandi last Thursday and I'm glad I did. Great stylist great fun, She got my blonde back!  She gives the best scalp massage ever..
5	I love Wicked and Ashley, I always leave the salon beautiful and happy!
