2	I just didn't feel this place.  My trip to the Canyon Club was also my first voyage into the Four Queens.  All of the casinos downtown feel on the small (made in the 50's/60's) side of things, but the 4Q takes the cake.  Finding the Canyon Club inside the casino wasn't easy.  I got in without having to pay a cover charge because I was with a group.  The drinks are average price, around 4-5 bucks for a beer, more for a mixed drink.  I think my long island iced tea was 7 or 8.  The barstaff and waitresses were very nice, so that's what got this place the two stars.  I was told to step outside of the club when I lit up a cigarette.  Yes, anywhere else in the country that's a no brainer, but this is vegas!  Also, they let just about anyone in.  During my short time there, I noticed not only a lot of fanny pack, denim shorts wearing tourists, but also their 10-year-old kids.  Mullets and all.
4	I really liked this place. Being one who hates crowded butts-to-nuts clubs, and Las Vegas, for that matter, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it here.It was difficult to find, and the drinks were overpriced, but the atmosphere was good and I liked the seating and ample space.  I liked how it had couches and comfy chairs, but I was a little scared of the bed in the corner... Eeeew. Not many people there on a Saturday night, so maybe it is a little underadvertised, or maybe it's just because it's downtown and not on the strip. I dunno, but the band was AWESOME and I had a good time.  I'll go back if I find the occasion to be in Vegas again.
4	It's not often I walk into a nightclub and think wow... the employees are really nice. I'm not saying they're giving you 5 star service, but at least they smile as they take your ID and tell you to have a good time.Some have mentioned the prices of the drinks to be expensive. Well... I didn't think they were any more or less than other venues I've been to that have music. $5 for a beer to me or less is not bad.I really liked the layout of the club. I liked the booths in the back where I could watch from an elevated area and not get into the mosh pit for Napalm Death and Devil Driver. Sound was pretty good and the bathrooms were cleans. The place looked much nicer than I'd expect to see a metal show. There were Ganesh statues, tapestry covers for the booths, ....The place has good ventilation and despite all the smokers around me, I wasn't choking like I would be at the Double Down.On Saturday nights they have a murder mystery theater thing from 6 to 8pm. I haven't gone but I can see where this venue would be a great place for something like this too.I liked this place enough to where I'd actively look to see what shows are coming to this place and come back again soon.
3	Second time I've been here to see live music, and I still think this is a weird choice to put the bands I've seen.  Last time it was a band called RxBandits.  This time it was for Local H (well, I went for the opening act The Photo Atlas).  The ticket price was higher than it would have been elsewhere ($15), and the doorman had a bit of attitude to boot.  But the venue is a decent size, and there are comfortable couches and chairs to sit on.  Drinks are overpriced and the sound isn't stellar, but it's a decent joint, I guess.
4	I am a fan of this showroom in the Four Queens Hotel.  Even though it's a fairly large room, it does have a feeling of being cozy and intimate.  The staff at the box office and the theatre itself have always been very friendly.There is a bar in the left front of the showroom as you face the stage and there's waitress service during the show.This is a good venue in downtown.
4	I have seen the Mike Hammer Comedy Magic Show and the Broadway Rat Pack Show here. Both shows are well suited to this place thats located inside of the Four Queens Hotel and Casino off of the Fremont Street Experience. This particular showroom is basically all the way in the back of the casino. Like most other casinos, they make you walk through the whole casino so you are exposed to the restaurants, slots, and other other attractions.I like how the bathrooms are situated where you get in line to get in the venue also another set just outside of the entrance. Another plus is that there no smoking in there.For you drinkers they have a full bar just to the left of the stage which I thought was kind of weird but the way they laid it out, it seemed ok to be where its at.As for the seating, you have plenty of room for I would say about 80 to 100 people? Plenty of booths are stragetically placed up along the sides of the walls. I would say you have a good view wherever you might sit.So check out whatever show that may be playing here for the venue itself will not disappoint.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #130
