4	As my boyfriend and I was walking around the food court in the Metro Center Mall, one of the employees in front of Charley's Grilled Subs handed us a sample of their special limited time offer Chicken Sub (I don't see the exact name on their online menu).  After we tried a bite, we knew we were getting one.  :D  I guess the employee noticed our smile of approval so she handed us each a coupon to save $0.50 a sub.  Woot!  :)The service was fast and subs were prepared as they were being ordered.  The regular french fries were really tasty.  Humorously packed in a cup, too!  :D
4	They still stand out in the walkway with a platter of samples, mostly trying to lure the lemmings out of the line to jump off the Mc-Cliff next door.They landed me with an unbarbed, straight hook (a toothpick) and some tastey bait made up of bread, chicken, cheese, bacon, and some sort of sauce.I didn't even ask the name, I just said I wanted whatever that chick is giving out, and a few minutes later I was eating a giant sized version of the teaser.  Apparently their specialty is the philly cheese steak style sammiches, but I'm not sure I'd try anything new for a while this sammy was s ogood, unless the platter chick is out fishing again with some new bait!
5	As a sandwich lover aka connoisseur I love this place! I continuously visit here because the sandwiches are a perfect match every time. Yes they do try to lure you in with samples.. But if it wasn't for the samples I would have kept eating the same sandwich.i have tried multiple different kinds. And I am eased to say that every time they turn out fantastic. Most sandwich shops are   Inconsistent with taste. But these guys get it right every time. Will eat and try new sandwiches again and again.
4	My daughter and I happened to be in Metro around lunch and decided to pickup a snack. We were offered samples of their sandwiches - all were good. We ordered cheddar-bacon fries and lemonade. Everything we tasted was surprisingly good for a food court store.
