4	I was bracing myself for a long line, incompetent employees and slow service. Not at this location!  An employee graciously held open the door for me and I was greeted by a second upon entering the store, who pointed in the right direction for FedEx pickup. The line went quickly and they immediately found my package. I signed for it and was about to be on my way, until the kid in me decided to shake the box to decipher it's contents. The gentleman who initially helped me whipped out a box cutter so I could take a glimpse inside.They even opened the door for me on my way out!  Excellent service. Positive attitude. Definitely changed my opinion of FedEx Office!  (at least for this location...)
5	I was in the middle of a dilemma and needed proof of something faxed to me right away and stopped in here and got what i needed within just five minutes and was outta there and back to what i needed to take care of.  The price for two piece of paper for the fax was almost $3, which while is not the cheapest considering you can get it for free at home, but beggars cannot be choosers and was happy to pay it.
4	I am so happy there is a FedEx (Kinkos) location that stays open 24 hours in my area.  My laptop crashed and I needed to register for classes the very next morning (my classmates are sharks for those coveted lab spots)!  I arrived at 5:40am (3/5/2012) and was greeted by a very pleasant employee.  He made sure I was set up on the computer and good to go.  The internet ran a little slower than mine at home, but I was very thankful for their services.
2	The incompetence of the employees forces me to question how anything gets shipped at all...
4	Great one-stop shop to do all of your administrative tasks in one's life!This store is clean and appears to be well-staffed (which is awesome as I've been to other Kinko's/FedEx places and it's been horrible). Pretty decent prices on copying black/white docs, but WTH is it so high to FAX docs? Don't understand that - I faxed 7 pages to a local 602 business and it was almost $10! Seems excessive to me...
4	When I visit this location it's usually to drop off my pre-paid FedEx shipments so I have limited interaction with utilizing the actual print/copy services. I find the employees to be friendly and helpful. They always offer a receipt when I drop off and always greet me with a smile. The lines can be a little long sometimes, which can be a little frustrating when all I need to do is drop off. They do have a drop box inside, which is nice, but I don't like putting my packages in there if it is past the pickup time.
1	BEWARE OF OUTRAGEOUS PRICES!! First let me say that I have gone to this store for years (before FEDEX it was just a Kinkos).  They have helped me with many projects and although I've NEVER been wowed by their customer service, the finished products were always ok.  But recently I needed some blueprints duplicated in a hurry and instead of running to my normal reprographic place I came here- and can barely explain my shock at the rip off pricing!! I left in a hurry and submitted a complaint on line later that day.  Store manager called and basically said "oh well".  I vow to not go again and spread the word . . Save your hard earned money and use a more customer service oriented place for printing/copy needs!!
2	They move like sloths here. Little respect for your time. Had to repeat myself 3 times. Also, they printed my order in color when I asked for black and white and instead of just giving me color they wasted 49 more pages changing it to black and white making copies and not printing which lowered the quality. 2 stars because they're decent guys, just not stoked to work here.
3	Had to get some specialty copies done, and the line that was just ME waiting, quickly turned into 6 of us.  There was little to no initiative by the employees, and I won't even blame them.  I understand why FedEx just acquired Kinkos, it was probably going out of business.
