1	The ONLY reason that I gave them 1 star is because I had to .. They deserve ZERO STARS!I made an appointment via a Living Social Coupon to try these guys....1.  The day before the appointment I waited for their reminder/confirmation call... At 4pm I had to CALL THEM to confirm our appointment for the next day... I should have known something was not right, when I had to REPEAT my home address!  I was told to expect the cleaners between 8-9am2.  At 10:10am NO CLEANERS YET.. I called and left a voice mail3.  I called and left voice mails 4 more times (5 total!) ...  NOT EVEN THE COURTESY OF A CALL BACK!4.  We finally left the home at 12pm to do errands... STILL NO CLEANERS!5.  I contacted Living Social in mid afternoon.. They were quite nice and regretful about this experience...  They will provide a refund of my payment... I also advised them NOT to work with this company!6.  I am writing this at 9pm... still No callback form the company7...   DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!  They are UNPROFESSIONAL and LIARS!
1	Only gave one star cause i had to. Do not waste your time with this company. My landlord made an appt with them to do a home clean out from the last tenants. She called and spoke with a lady that was very nice saying that they would be able to be there the next day by 11. She bought a groupon for 160dollars worth of cleaning and asked if the house needed more cleaning then just 160's worth what would happen. The lady said they wouldn't just "leave you hanging" that they would stay till the job was done. Sounds good. Well my landlord waited at the house from 11-12:30 no cleaners. Called the company and the lady on the phone said that she saw the house on the schedule and would call her right back after she called the crew to see where they were. Yeah never called back. My landlord called me and said she would leave the house open and a note on the door incase they showed up. My boyfriend and i waited till 3pm to show up at the new place. Yep still nothing! My landlord has been calling for 3days and still no calls back. Such a waste of time!!!! Why did they even bother answering the phone the first time if they don't want your business!?!?!????!!
1	Not sure if Maid Affordable is trying to change their name to "Cleaning for Angels" to avoid the garbage reviews, but this review is very much on Maid Affordable's complete lack of service & shadiness.Like others, bought a LivingSocial deal for a cleaning.  Called last week to schedule and actually got an answer and an appointment for this morning (8 to 9am).Took dog to daycare to get him out of the way.  8am arrives.  9am comes and goes.  No cleaners.  At 10am, I called to get status.  Again, somebody actually answered (though annoyed that I reached them on their mobile... the number listed on the voucher) and said they'd call the girls to see if they wrapped up their 7am appointment and they'd call back.  Well, no call back.  Waited until noon to call back.  No answer and no call back.  12:30 - No answer, no call back.1:00 - No answer, no call back.  1:30 - check yelp and see that I'm not alone.  Request refund as it's painfully obvious I'm not getting a call back nor will I bother rescheduling.  Look, it's fairly well known that LivingSocial & Groupon can cripple a business not expecting the rush of customers.  But don't allow people to make appointments if you have no plan to actually honor that appointment.  And then don't go MIA and just refuse to answer and/or call somebody back.  That is no way to do business.  If you don't have enough cleaners to actually fulfill your obligation, then tell people.  Do not give this company your business.   Wish I had read these reviews before buying the deal and re-arranging my day for nobody to ever show up and for
1	MAID AFFORDABLE IS A SCAM! I as well bought a livingsocial deal from them, I contacted them before I bought it to make sure I could use it for a move out cleaning. They responded and said I could. After I bought the deal it was almost IMPOSSIBLE to get ahold of them! My husband is in the Air Force and deploying to Korea and we were moving out 2 weeks after buying the deal. So it was pretty urgent that I schedule the cleaning with them. I called and emailed multiple times with no answer. I finally contacted their facebook page and got a reply! I told them I had to be out Tuesday at 8:30am. They didn't have an appointment till the day before I had to be out. They scheduled me for today at "1-2pm".Well it is now 5:30pm and no one has shown up or even called to let me know they couldn't make it. They won't answer any phone calls or e-mails and have successfully dodged me. Now I'm S.O.L. and have to be out by 8:30am tomorrow and all my cleaning supplies have been shipped to my new home. I can't believe these people are doing this.Terrible human beings.
1	I made the mistake of not checking Yelp before buying a Living Social deal. Boy was that a mistake! I scheduled an appointment for today at 1:00. at 1:15 I called to see when the cleaners would arrive. I called several other times and no return call. So I called Living Social to get a refund. Doesn't it figure that Maid Affordable will pick up the phone and talk with Living Social, but not with their customers. Conveniently for Maid Affordable, they're saying they do not have me on the calendar. And since I called to schedule the appointment, I have no proof that I made the call. But Living Social did the right thing and gave me my money back (credited the charge card I used for the transaction).I am grateful that a friend then recommended MaidPro. The owner of the local franchise understands my situation and is sending someone out to clean the parts of the house that really need cleaning. I have a knee issue and am unable to clean the floors or do a good job cleaning the bathroom.Maybe the owners of this company will wake up and smell the cleaning supplies. I had plans of using this service for more cleaning than the $80 Living Social deal. I'm disappointed that I won't get that 3-hour deep, spring cleaning today, but I am grateful that MaidPro is sending someone out to give me a hand this afternoon.
2	I had many challenges with scheduling, as many others have. I also had a terrible customer service experience with their scheduling person (names were called - not by me). Today, the owner reached out to me directly to apologize, and offer a make-up service. Apparently, they had a rogue employee that is no longer with them, effective today after an incredibly unprofessional exchange with myself, and several others. I will give them another chance and see if they redeem themselves now that she is gone. I'll leave the rating as a two (upgraded from my one because I appreciate the owner reaching out) until I've experienced something else. Fingers crossed!
1	I also bought a Living Social voucher and agree with all the reviews. I have been unable to reach anybody at Maid Affordable and today their phone number does not work. I called Living Social to get my money back which of course was easy given that I had just purchased my voucher on Monday. I also asked Living Social why they haven't pulled down the deal because over 1,000 have been sold. The guy said "We need to get enough complaints". I was like are you serious from what I read on Yelp  you already have numerous complaints. So if you haven't complained to Living Social yet I would. Of course I would also give a zero if I could. You also want to know something interesting. I checked the corporation commission and the business was just established this week. I am not quite sure why the owner says they have been in business for 40 years.
1	I called and scheduled my appointment on April 7 for service this morning.  Called and left 6 messages during the week to confirm. Phone was never answered and calls were never returned. Obviously they did not show up today. Now the answering machine isn't even picking up. Will be contacting living social for a refund but have had problems with them too.
1	I am currently trying to give this company another chance. I have had the same scheduling experience as others have written about. Wrote to them today to say that if they don't respond within 24 hours, then I will have to have my money refunded by living social ... watch this space. I will most certainly make sure to change my review if they come back, schedule and then do a good job!!! If someone could post the name and number of the owner who contacted them to make amends, I would appreciate it - maybe we can go direct to the source to get things done!!As I was writing this review, someone got back to me immediately. As the previous review stated, the issue was an employee that has left the company and they are trying to make amends. I will adjust my review to remain optimistic.I am editing this review on 5/8. This company never got back to me again and ignored repeated emails and phone calls. I have received a full refund from Living Social. The voucher is still listed on their website, which is foolish of both Maid Affordable and Living Social, since the company are clearly unable to meet any demand at present.
1	Ugh!!!! The one time I didn't check google or yelp for a review.. I also bought living socisl deal about a month ago and two weeks ago I wrote them online for a appointment..someone actually texted my number telling me when they were available and I scheduled for today April 30th they asked name address and said 1-2pm they would arrive..Guess what?????? Nobody came!!!!! Texted the number that SCAM business number "480 268 5464" I asked when they arrived I got a text asking name and was going to see the status of their crew after that was pretty much dead space no answering my other text nothing.. Sadly I won't be getting my money back but living social bucks BEWARE of this Phony business and saying business is a insult to real ones
1	They did NOT show up twice then they lied about it. I am now out my money through living social since living social believes the business over their customers despite the fact this is obviously not the first time they've gotten a complaint about them. Living social wants me to reschedule so I can waist another day waiting for them to show up. And with such an unreliable and untrustworthy reputation I'm scared to let them in my house!
1	Bought a Living social and scheduled my appointment 2 weeks in advance because I had out of state guests coming and no time to spring clean. I was told I would get a confirmation call a couple days ahead. On day of appointment I realized I hadn't gotten a call so a half hour before my appt. I called and found their phones were not working. I then emailed them. I got what I believe was an auto response stating I would get an update as soon as the phones were up and running. A really impersonal email. I then emailed back twice trying to find out if someone was coming and got no response. And to this day I have no response to my calls either.
1	THE WORST COMPANY EVER!!  No customer service, and guess what??  They never showed at my house either.  No one ever answers the phone or replies to your emails.  Stay away from this company.  I had my hopes up too, for clean house and they never showed.  I've already let Living Social know, my next step is the BBB.  This company is a joke.
1	For some reason yelp is deleting most everyone's bad reviews for this place. I found that there are 23 HIDDEN REVIEWS for this place talking about how Maid Affordable never showed up at people's houses. http://www.yelp.com/not_recommended_reviews/kc1_CSr60-K-uH3cYtiFTgHopefully you can see them through that link. If livingsocial tells you they will only give you credit towards another deal, ask to talk to a manager and they will refund your money to your bank account.
1	Like others, I purchased a Living Social voucher for their service.  When I called to schedule an appointment, the woman on the phone was friendly and helpful.  I made an appointment well in advance as I wanted a thorough cleaning right before I left for vacation.  The day before my scheduled appointment, I called to confirm as I hadn't heard from them. There was no answer and no one returned my call.  The day of the appointment I hoped someone would show up.  I again called first thing in the morning; no answer and no call back.  Still, stupid me, waited around for hours.  Of course, no one showed.  I have requested a refund from Living Social, but they will not give back cash, only a credit.
1	Like others, I would give 0 stars if possible.  This experience makes me want to stop using Living Social for anything.  I purchased the voucher through living social then tried making an appointment by phone, twice.  No one called me back.  I tried making an appointment by email but never received confirmation.  I just tried calling Maid Affordable and the message is that the mailbox is full!  I called Living Social and they said even though I was never able to reach the merchant, they will not refund money because it is over 7 days.  I will be putting a claim into my credit card company disputing Living Social/Maid Affordable's charge.  While talking to Living Social, I asked why they are still, to this day, advertising to the public for Maid Affordable (many people will continue to pay money to Maid Affordable and never receive the service) and the Living Social rep said that they won't just pull off a clients advertisement.  Living Social is complicit in this SCAM at this point.
1	Like the others below, I had a similar bad experience with this company. I also forgot to check here before I bought the living social deal. I am having some issues getting it refunded as well. Maid Affordable was a no show, will not call back, and does not answer the phone or emails. Definitely take your business to someone else.
1	Too bad you can't give ~zero~ stars!  I also purchased a Living Social voucher.  I would be willing to accept that they were overwhelmed by more cleaning requests than they could keep up with IF THEY WOULD JUST RETURN A PHONE CALL OR EMAIL!!!  I have left messages for over a week.  I have scheduled two cleanings online that they never called to confirm on.  I sent emails to the "scheduling" email address posted on their site.I hardly ever give even slightly critical reviews...this business must be a scam...I don't get it.
1	don't use this cleaning service!!! they are a total scam!!!!  I purchased through living social as well & living social was fantastic & refunded my money to my card!!!  I advised them to check in to this deal & ccel their association with these scammers!!!  Wish I would have checked Yelp b4 purchasing ... I will next time even though living social is usually good at vetting those they market...
1	What a disaster.  Do not do it.  No showed multiple times on me.  If you purchased the Living Social deal, you can get a refund within 7 days of purchase.  After 7 days, Living Social will give you credit.
1	Same experience as everyone else.  Living Social Voucher and then they are impossible to communicate with.  Cancelled for credit on my Living Social account.  Avoid at all costs.
1	PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!!!!! Do not waste your time or your hard earned money $$ on this SCAM!!!! They don't waist any time on you period!! Not one single phone call return after weeks of trying. Grrrrrrr RED FLAG... I finally do receive a email after weeks go by. Only to get excited for about one second because on the schedule due date they NO SHOW YOU!!! Read email belowWe have officially placed you on the schedule for May 22nd with an arrival time of 8-9am. If there is a conflict with the day/time please feel free to email us or we can be reached at the number provided below. Thank you, Tanya ThompsonTeam Support Maid Affordable, LLC18521 E. Queen Creek RoadSuite 105 #204Queen Creek, AZ 85142 Phone: 480.626.5158 Email: quote@maidaffordableinaz.comFacebook: www.facebook.com/maidaffordableinazWeb: www.maidaffordableinaz.comSHAM SHAM SHAM On you  TANYA THOMPSON......YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE NO MORAL CODE!!!!!!!!! Your as Dirty as the house's  you clean if in fact thats what you do.. No thats not what you do you waste people's time and money... DIRTY FILTHY BUSINESS.......
1	They ran a LIVING SOCIAL deal. Six phone calls to them to schedule. No answer, no return call. Scheduled the cleaning online as their phone message states: NO SHOWThis business can't handle the business they already have----STEER CLEAR.Don't waste you money on their LIVING SOCIAL deal. They are a rip off. DON'T USE THIS BUSINESS!
1	I wish I could do zero stars! I scheduled an appointment (and received a confirmation) only to wait two hours with no show and also no call back! I was extremely disappointed and wish I had read the reviews ahead of time.
1	Buyer beware !!!  I purchased a special from Living Social. My voucher was redeemed even before i received my deep cleaning.  Maid Affordable told me they redeem the voucher at the time an appointment is scheduled. Then a week before my appointment, I attempted numerous times to contact them by phone and email to find out what time they were coming and to give my address, but no response. They never showed up or contacted me.  I received a refund from Living Social.  I'm sorry, but I can't even give them a star rating :(
1	I was unable to get ahold of them on a prepaid voucher. What a tragic example of the American small business! Shame on you Maid Affordable for having such poor business practices!!
1	Same deal as everyone else.  I bought the LivingSocial deal, and emailed them through their website as soon as I got the voucher.  I never got a reply, but I didn't mind because the instructions DID say to call a specific number to schedule, as opposed to going through their website.  About a week after my initial email, I called and left a voicemail at the number listed on the voucher.  Never got a call back.  Today, my boyfriend called to try and schedule a cleaning and the number on the voucher is no longer in service.  Their website has also been disabled.  I've requested a refund from LivingSocial.
1	Absolutely terrible company!!  Do not do business with them!!  They were over 2 hours late from our appointment time!  Then they did not clean what I asked them to, I found all 3 of them in one bathroom milling around.  Half ass job all the way around, I posted a review stating as such, they replied that they'd come back for free to do the job correctly and then I never heard from again!  I believe and hope they are now out of business, hardly surprising!
1	Unfortunately I am having the same issues as many others have had with this company. I purchased the living social deal and what a waste of money. I have been unable to reach anyone from the company and living social is only refunding credit to purchase from their website.
