5	For a Subway, I can't think of anything that they haven't fulfilled or done wrong.  They always have the bread and the all components I need to make my fav sandwich.  The employees are very sweet and don't pressure you to move along the line quickly.  They will listen to your requests (i.e. more of this, less of that).  I almost always ask for some fat free honey mustard on the side and they have no problem doing it.  I've been at other subways where they roll their eyes or give me a face like - why couldn't  I have just squeezed it onto your sandwich?  There is a very good reason, Mr. Subway Man,  I like to dip my sandwich (the horror, the horror).Location is great!  Parking can be sticky at times since you can only park at metered spots.  If you can't get a spot on Cedar just make your next right and circle around the building until you get to the Trade St side.  Sometimes it's easier to get a spot there.  Only once have I been totally shut out.
1	Terrible.  I hate when the workers don't give a crap about their job and it reflects in their work - even the sandwich "artists".  Came here bc it's been awhile since I've been at Subway and now I remember why.  They just make the most haphazrd sub in the world.   Meat/cheese is nicely placed, but then the banana peppers olives, other veggies are just jammed in disproportionately.  They could take like 1 second and spread out the veggies before mashing it when it's rolled up.  Little bit of Light May and Mustard translates into a lot of both.  They hate their job, I hate them.  - This isn't even for the location here, it's the one in the 5/3rd Building up the street.
4	Typically, I stop into this location to grab lunch for my daughter and I.  Then I have lunch with her at school.  She loves the kids meal but now that she is a growing girl, she prefers the regular 6" sandwiches.  Since my visits are at just before lunchtime, I have not had to wait long for service.  The staff members are always kind and they do their job, which meets my requirements.  This location is open until 11 pm on weekends making it a good spot to drop in for a sandwich.  Note:  Have $ or a cc on hand for the parking meters, if you can find one.
3	tl;dr Food was excellent, service was exceptionally slow. Food: 4 stars, Service: 2 starsI ordered a $5 spicy Italian, which was excellent. I would eat this sandwich again in a small penguin's heartbeat, and penguins have small hearts so I have to bet they beat pretty fast.Now, the service was exceptionally slow. Two employees were manning the station with 7 people in line, but neither employee was hurried. They took time to open new packages of food and straighten the cashier counter. They switched customers mid-sandwich for no reason and confused themselves. I can barely describe just how slow the service was. I reconsidered my life. I reconsidered the decisions that I made leading up to my choice to get a sandwich here. I should have walked to Harris Teeter.
4	I really enjoy going to Subway after a workout.  Most of the staff is always very nice.  There is one staff member that is extremely pleasant and remembers my order.  I have some "creature of habit" tendancies and love to have my meals prepared the same.  Including my quick stops for a turkey on wheat with fixings from Subway.  The food is always fresh....even if I go late in the evening.  Thank you Subway for being convenient!  And special thanks to the outstanding staff!!
3	Me gusta el Subway que esta in la oficinia se llama Fifth-Third building.  Este review es para esa restaurante.  Nunca escribir in espanol... perdon mi espanol.  Tengo otra casas que necesito a decir ... pero voy a decir en Ingles:  Despite how badly me/we/all knock Subway, they do alright.  When I think of quick and cheap, I think Subway.  I think quick and cheap a lot.  It's funny how time can mend the heart.  I used to hate this place with a passion.dmo out.
