3	Real Wisconsin Frozen Custard is an excellent treat and this is pretty good as far as WI custard is concerned.  (Not the best in the state, mind you, but good.)  The prices have gone up a little faster than the quality or quantity over the past few years though so, while it is good custard, I don't feel that it is justified UNLESS the flavor of the day is something you just cannot pass-up.  The nearly ubiquitous Culver's also have good frozen custard and flavors of the day... and the prices at Culver's are more reasonable.  (Sorry Michael's, but you charge WAY too much for a simple hot fudge custard sundae!)
1	The custard is average, the food is greasy, the place looks like a herd of elephants ran through it.... oh, and the customer service is BAD.  Gets a major "skip it" rating from me.
2	This is sort of a cute wayside ice cream stand but the food is less than average and the ice cream is ok.  I haven't been there in over 10 years.  what does that say?
1	We came here to eat late at night when all the power in the neighborhood went out because of a storm and somehow this part of town didnt get effected. As a reminder, this is my first time at a Michael's Frozen Custard. I was not at all impressed by the food or the dessert. The burger was greasy and much smaller and wimpier compared to the pictures. The custard was nothing out of the ordinary. The one star here is for the shake that my boyfriend got. I took a sip of it and it was delicious. I would not come to this place again simply because for the price I paid for it, it was not worth it. If i want to pay this high price, i expect better burgers and ice cream, especially if this is their specialty.
2	Tried to get into Culver's but the dining room, drive-through and parking lot were jammed.  2 people in Michael's, no cars in drive-through.  Ice cream was hard, sundae otherwise great.  Hot food is of very low quality, and ridiculously expensive. Service prompt, impersonal.
4	I've been to Verona a few times now and always sing the praises of Michaels.  The burgers and hot dogs are just what you'd expect from a place like this and the custard is outstanding and there are plenty of flavors to choose from. My favorite is the caramel and cashew.  It is a nice place to stop by and just a short walk from my hotel.
1	I've been here 4 times within the last year.  The "customer service" is atrocious - it's a bunch of high school kids with horrible attitudes that couldn't give a rat's ass as to what you receive or how you receive it.  Never mind the fact that you're paying a "premium" to shop at Michael's - you'll be treated as though you were buying food/custard from a subpar place.The food is laughable.  Greasy, small portions, and horribly over priced when you factor in the value and service.Looking for "custard"?  Look elsewhere.  The stuff here is rock hard when compared to what one might expect from a creamy, smooth, uber-sweet traditional frozen custard.  You'll be better served hitting the nearby gas station for a pint of deep-frozen Blue Bell.  And you'll save a few bucks while suffering much less attitude from the punks that work here.Looking for a "premium sundae?"  HA!We've ordered the "P.B. Fudge Cake" sundae on three occasions.  What would you expect from the "Peanut Butter Fudge Cake Sundae?"  Do you envision layers of creamy custard with ribbons of peanut butter and fudge, and maybe a hint of fresh baked cake?Well... sorry.  What you'll get is a scoop of hard-packed chocolate ice cream, a splat of luke-warm pre-made "fudge" sauce, and a straight-from-the-wrapper Little Debbie-like "brownie" thingy.  And it's only $5!!I'm not a fan.
2	I grew up in Chicago but it dawned on me the other day that after almost ten years in Wisconsin I am getting a bit too comfortable in these frozen climes.I'm practically married to a local girl, I have a ton of favorite Wisconsin institutions, and I'm pretty well established at a job for a Milwaukee company.  None of these things concerned me though.  What really left me wondering if I need to make a run for the border was when I was sitting eating custard at Michael's in Madison and thinking that I could easily make a list of five places off the top of my head with better custard.How scary is that?  A custard connoisseur.  I disgust myself.BUT I DIGRESS.Michael's is not very good.  The burgers, while being billed as "BIG", are hardly that.  The buns are certainly huge.  The burgers are standard size.  The fries are weak and not very good.  The service, as someone else said, are bored and apathetic high-school kids.  And it isn't cheap.I've had a ton of good casual dining experiences in Madison but we won't be back to Michaels.
3	Is it worth going to Michael's?  It depends on what you're going for.  The frozen custard is pretty good, at least to my not-originally-from-Wisconsin palate.  Make it into one of the many shakes, and it's hard not to be satisfied.  The only downside is the shakes are somewhat expensive, which means it's more of an occasional treat than a go-to for custard.But the main food isn't so good.  It's probably why they decided to put frozen custard in the name.  The burgers are rather wimpy, and no better than what you'd get at Wendy's.  The hot dogs aren't bad, but like most hot dogs at restaurants, are expensive for a hot dog.  The cheese curds are comparable to Culver's, which is to say not very good in Madison.  The sweet potato fries are the bright spot on the food side of the menu.I still get the food occasionally for a quick burger, as I might as well support a local place occasionally, and I prefer it to Culver's and McDonald's.  And if you get the daily $5 special, it's actually a pretty good price, too, especially since that includes the bottled sodas and not just a fountain one.  But the food was tempting me to give it a 2-star review, and it was only the frozen custard and local aspect that earned it three.
4	After a night eating at the Great Dane Pub and restaurant, I wanted to enrich my sweet tooth by going to Cold Stone Creamery. Being that they had closed at 9pm on a Monday night, I was hard pressed to find a comparable place until my Wisconsin Fitchburg friend recommended Michael's Frozen Yogurt versus Culver's since it was further away on the Beltway. The prices here were kind of high, but I rolled with the punches, as I was on vacation and made the most of it. Michael's Frozen Yogurt is located within a shopping mall, that's pretty much anchored by Great Dane Pub. I believe this shopping mall is called Hatchery Hill, since the main thoroughfare was  Fish Hatchery Road in Verona.We were here at about 9:30pm and it was relatively empty. There was 2 high school dudes working the counter that night. They looked professional as they waited for us to order. My friend ordered a sundae, whereas her husband had ordered a chocolate malt. I looked at the board and compared a waffle cone versus a take home pint, where you can get more ice cream for the price. And so,  I did just that. I ended up eating the entire carton of chocolate ice cream about an hour later. It was pretty darn good, considering I was carb reloading from my marathon in Kentucky just days ago.I thought this place was as decent as Cold Stone Creamery, but its not real ice cream, just frozen yogurt posing as ice cream. Still just as good though. The store itself was small, like Baskin Robbins or a TCBY's, with 3 tables for customer seating. They accept cash and credit cards, so I ended up treating my friend and her husband since they got dinner for me at the Great Dane, so it all events out. :-) I would recommend this place to ice cream lovers and those who fantasize about it almost constantly. It's really good, but I wouldn't give up Cold Stone Creamery just yet. Still this place is a top 5 favorite. Plenty of parking here, as we arrived and left close to 10pm. Pretty cool that these shops close at 10pm, so we can have a quick bite before returning home. Overall, it was a good choice to spend my $$, since I was on vacation and needed something sweet. If I was local, I probably wouldn't come here for my ice cream needs.Support local!B
