5	Bang for your buck! Love this place, as good if not better than other Vietnamese places in town, except so much more closer to campus than any of them. Their menu is simple but so far everything I've tried was good. And at a really really great price! big bowl of pho or vermicelli costs only $7. Their banh mis are also pretty good.
3	I've  eaten here a few times, and it's a pretty decent restaurant.  Each time, i've had an egg roll and it's a bit inconsistent.  The first time, it was atop a cold noodle dish.  It seemed promising.  I wasn't crazy about the filling.... It's pork mixed with other things but it seemed mushy.   The dish itself (i forget what it was called) but it was on the specials board beside the register) was ok.... It had lots of julienned veggies, cold noodles, pork and the egg roll... I wasn't crazy about it....i was sort of hoping for a hot dish, but this is what the gentleman behind the counter recommeneded.  The second time, I had the pho.... It was really good... Better than Xinh Xinh.... But I think I like Pho 911's better.... Everything was good about it, but I just like the texture of Pho 911 noodles and taste of broth.   This time the egg roll was soggy and luke warm...it had obviously been sitting out for a while....The third time I had the banh mi.   It was a decent sandwich....piled high with veggies and pork but there was a lot of mayo.... That was a turn off for me.  The egg roll this time was fresh, hot and crispy, but now I'm convinced that i really don't like the filling.This is a decent restaurant and if i was in the area again, I would definitely eat here (as opposed to Fat Sandwich two doors down).  But it's not something i would go out of my way for.   The prices are cheap ($7 Pho, .75 egg roll, and $4.95 banh mi) so it's definitely student friendly prices!
5	Love this place!! Good price and good foood!
5	Asian Taste: A home away from home. It is the go to place when I feel homesick and want some Vietnamese food. I just visited this place in the fall of '14 and I have to say, the atmosphere has improved from last year. Gone is the mainstream American music and in its place is Vietnamese music. They added a few cosmetic items to give the place a more Vietnamese vibe and even a couple fish tanks. Now on to the food.The menu has improved from last year and the variety beats anything other oriental store offers for Vietnamese cuisine. I personally enjoy the bun thit nuong. As a kid from the suburbs, I've been to Argyle in Chicago and had the experience there. In particular the banh mi is a different experience, flavor and texture wise, from a place like Nhu Lan or Ba Le, but I enjoy the banh mi here. It is also authentic. If I were to compare their pho and bun bo hue to my parents, then they would be in serious trouble. Of course, nothing beats a meal from you parents right? I've ate at a couple places on campus that served Vietnamese food and although they were in some aspects tastier, they lacked the authenticity that Asian Taste has. The soups Asian Taste has may seem little bland to other stores, they provide all the condiments that should be included in the dish. Frankly if I were to score the soups then it would be a 4/5.I think this store will to continue to grow and improve and I do believe that this will continue to be my home away from home.
2	My husband and I read reviews and saw pictures on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  Alas, for whatever reason, it seems things have changed at this restaurant.  Banh mi are now $5 each, with the exception of the tofu one which costs more.  I got the grilled pork and pate one, and it was majorly disappointing.  A few skimpy slices of bbq pork, which was kind of spam-like; not a problem by itself, but for $5 and the quantity I kind of expected actual grilled pork slices.  The worst part was the pate, though.  There were seriously like three smears of it.  Basically all I could taste was the pickled vegetables, which were abundant.  My Vietnamese iced coffee was mostly ice and I finished it while we were waiting for the food to be ready.
4	What sweet little spot for pho. I would have never noticed this place if I hadn't heard about it from a friend-- it's teeny tiny and tucked away near Fat Sandwich. It's dirt cheap (everything is around $5), and I have no complaints about the food. Since the plague that is winter has hit Chambana, it's been a bit disheartening walking out of my class into pitch blackness at only 5pm. But a hot bowl of pho on a rainy, windy night after a long day can cure all of my ills. Note: I don't think they have a customer restroom.
2	Disappointed.I really, really want there to be a good Banh Mi and Pho location in Champaign, but this isn't it.  My wife and I got two different Banh Mi sandwiches, the #7 and #8.  They were $5, not the $4 that others mention.  I bring this up because I couldn't find a menu online - and because there are times that a $4 sandwich is fine, but the same sandwich for $5 or $6 seems disappointing.  This was one of those times.  The bun came from a package; I was hoping for the crispy bun I've had from other banh mi places.  Most of the sandwich was vegetables piled high, with a little meat hidden underneath.  And a little cilantro and a few pieces of jalepeno pepper.  Though the menu promised pate, there was perhaps a half tablespoon spread very thin across the bread.  (I checked because I couldn't taste it.)This place reminds me of Xinh Xinh, at least based on the other reviews.  I felt that Xinh Xinh started strong and then started cutting corners once they'd established a reputation.  That seems to be what's happening here.  I'd look elsewhere for near-campus food.Maybe someday C-U will have a good banh mi place, but this isn't it.
4	This place is excellent for a quick bite on campus. Note: they only take cash. I usually get the wonton soup or the beef stir fry - both are delicious. The Bahn Mi sandwich is quite flavorful, but a bit lacking in meat. The owners are incredibly sweet and sometimes they give me rice pudding samples (which are great) while I wait for my food. The food usually takes 2-4 minutes to make, so this is a good choice to grab something in between classes or on a lunch break.
