3	It's ok. Not terrible tasting. We ordered delivery lunch specials today which come with a side of rice, a crab puff, & a small veggie egg roll. We usually order Chen and Wok Express but we're trying to save money & found Panda Gormet has a lower dilevery minimum. We were looking to spend roughly $10. He ordered the house special which was supposed to be spicy but had no "zing." I ordered the teriyaki chicken. Edible but nothing special. We were disappointed in the amount of food. We substituted the crab puffs for more rice because neither of us eat them, so there was alot of rice. The meat portion was lacking & there was quite a bit more grissle(fat) on the chicken than I'm used to. On the brighter side, they were very helpful in helping us order sine we didn't have a menu to look at. The wait tine for our food was pretty quick & the food was warm & mostly fresh. Overall this so far is #4 on our list of favorite Chinese Food Places. I'll make a list of favorite places in the about me, if you're interested.-Cupcake Arquette-
5	Good food for fair fare
2	I found an old menu off on the internet and used that to make my selections.  Perhaps it was a very, very old menu because what I calculated to be about $17 and change ended up being $23 and change once I ordered.Sesame Beef (quart size):  Had a cheap feel to it and the sauce was a bit sweet for my liking.  I'm used to beef with a lite coating but this was more heavily breaded.House Special Friend Rice:  Very, very dry.  The rice could easily be separated into individual pieces.  The beef, chicken, and shrimp were skimpy.Egg Rolls:  Overall very good, much larger than typical.Service:  Easy to order on the phone, polite delivery driver.  One big negative was that they brought no soy sauce and no hot mustard even though I asked for them on the phone.  I only received a very small container of sweet & sour sauce.  The average quality of the food was magnified since I wasn't able to season it to taste.Most of these issues can be chalked up to my own person taste, so to each his own.  I've found a lot of Chinese restaurants have dry fried rice.  Others might like the sweeter, breaded sesame beef.The combo prices (include extras like 1 egg roll, rice, etc) are very cheap so if I give this place another try I'll go that route.  I can handle average Chinese food like I can handle average pizza, but only if the price makes up for the difference.  At $23 (not including tip) it just wasn't worth it.
5	We go here all the time.  It's close by, inexpensive, clean, friendly, and the best part is that we think the food is very, very tasty.  Always fresh and quickly served, for eating in or takeout.  We have not had it delivered, but that service is offered.  This is not a fancy restaurant, it's in a blue collar neighborhood, but definitely worth it for the food.  We particularly like the Mongolian beef, the vegetable chicken, moo goo gai pan, the house special chicken, sesame chicken and the beef with broccoli.  Of the side dishes, the fried rice is delicious and done to perfection, and the eggrolls are crispy, scrumptious and large.  You can't beat their prices, especially at lunchtime.  The family that runs this little place is so friendly and hard-working. The light-rail construction is making a mess of 19th avenue right now and thus, it's a bit tricky to enter the parking lot, but we sincerely hope that's not keeping customers away from this little gem of a place.
5	I love this place! Unfortunately I live far away, but I go here every chance I have when I am in the area. It is so quick and convenient, I usually call ahead, place my order and pick it up on the way home. They also deliver within a 3 mile radius which is great if you work or live nearby and just don't have time to pick it up. The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious. Definitely worth it !
