3	I found myself in Phoenix for a week. I prefer Marriott, but a co-worker insisted on Hilton....and then didn't go on the trip. Nice.Anyway, the stay was a hodgepodge of experiences. Downsides: The room was nondescript on the whole, but the neck of the shower was pulled partly out of the wall and the shower curtain was partly torn and had red (?!?) mold on it. I didn't have a car, so the parking lot didn't bother me, but the area on one side of the hotel was sketchy and had a fair amount of undesirable foot traffic. The nearest station to get on the light rail was 3 blocks either way from the hotel.Upsides: The staff was friendly and super-helpful in recommending EXCELLENT restaurants, including hole-in-wall, genuine Mexican joints. The hotel has a shuttle van that will, if you reserve it or can snag a ridealong, take you anywhere within five miles of the hotel for free, and then pick you up again. Naturally you should tip the driver (also a great guy), but it still beats taking a cab. The driver gets bonus points for letting us jump out and grab a coffee on the way to our destination! It also is only 1.5 blocks from Fez, a fantastic restaurant. I was not knocked out by the facility, but the people were great. I'll still probably stay a Marriott user when I return, but I'll sure consider the Garden Inn again.
4	I remember staying here once when my air conditioning at the house broke over the summer and I was not prepared to live in an oven...It's your average Hilton Garden Inn. You've seen one you've seem them all, homogenized without fault. The rooms are tight, but it's not a resort so don't expect top-notch anything. The location was convenient  though, near many great restaurants and such. The staff were helpful should you ask a question. The place wasn't very crowded, I can imagine sitting there in silence would be pretty boring, and they were engaging when I spoke with them. Sweet.The pool was large, which I really liked. I had the whole thing to myself. :)
4	We used to always stay here on our baseball trips when we would play Grand Canyon University.  The rooms are really roomy and have a pull out couch that easily accomodated four people.  There was also a big screen TV on a swivel.  The bathroom was a little small, but their room service was really good and they would do a good job of cleaning up the messes we would make.
2	Well, for the most part, this place is average. However, there were some things that were red flags in my book. 1. Dicking us around with the room. Paid for Cabana Room with balcony. First room given - West Wing. Not Cabana. Second room given - Handicapped Cabana Room in back corner, no balcony. Since this was on my boyfriends card, and he didn't want to push for the the Cabana Balcony we wanted, there was nothing I could do. However, I find this highly unacceptable. 2. Dirty - Every morning, when we left, there were used coffee mugs and coffee pots on the floor in the area in front of the maintenance closet. 3. Maintenance crew would leave their carts in the middle of the hallway, and we would have to figure out how to move them to get by.4. Crude comment from their pool guy.5. Overall, outdated hotel. Not a good vibe at all. Average to below average service. Overall desolate.I would never stay here again, and would never recommend this place to anyone.
4	The best part is the weather... Nice, big, rooms... The pool is only in the sun for a couple of hours, before it is shadowed by the hotel--the layout could certainly be better in that way.
3	The good:Really nice and helpful staffFree parkingClose to lightrailFree shuttle within 5 milesBig pool and jacuzzi with lit up waterfall at nightFree wifiOnly have to walk across the street to eat and drink at FEZThe bad:Parking is a walk from the hotel entrance when hotThe bed was not the most comfortable even after realizing we could adjust the air levels.Small bathtubHorrible view from our 3rd floor room overlooking a parking lot, wires, air conditioning units, ect.Non interesting bar - location and setting, ect.Only paid like $65 per night on Priceline so it was an okay deal.  Wouldn't intend to go back.
2	Not awful - just not good either.  Staff was a plus.  I've almost never had a bad experience w/ Hilton staff.  The downside to this stay were thin walls, loud doors and only one elevator working in the main tower section.
2	Very awkward and inconvenient lay out. The rooms are in multiple towers, and the parking is in a paid lot a block away that you have to present coupons to leave. Decor is shappy and very out-dated. Huge empty lobbys and hallways wasting space. The restaurant is only open after 5, as is the bar, and there are no places to eat in the near vicinity. The rooms are unattractive and small. My company is paying for this, but this place is massively overpriced, especially considering how many nicer and cheaper hotels are in the same area.
4	Ok, even yelpers can be overly dramatic...This hotel is just fine, nothing special but not the scary place other yelpers have claimed. I stayed in a Cabana room which was nice, decent sized balcony, micro/fridge, HDTV, free wifi, quiet AC, big bathroom, adequate bed. The parking lot is not a block away, it's literally a 1 minute walk from the hotel entrance and is free. The hotel is NOT in a scary neighborhood by any stretch. The dowtown train thing IS about a block away. It'll take you down to the sports arenas in minutes. I was on the "west" side which was all of a 30 second walk from the front. If you're not completely lazy, enjoy free parking/wifi and want to save a few bucks, stay here..I payed $70 for Saturday night on short notice.
3	Hotel has an odd set up with multiple wings.  Lobby and rooms are dated and need a refresh.  Parking is not adjacent to the hotel, but its free.  Central location close to downtown.  Not a bad experience, but would be better if facility was updated.
3	Nice Hotel in the middle of Phoenix. Very close to a lot of great dining options, one of which is FEZ - Middle Eastern with an American flair. Absolutely delicious and seems to be a Hipster hang out. Also, try Hula's which isn't too far away and is Polynesian/Asian fusion. Very good (a little pricey). Hotel has a Shuttle that will take you anywhere within a 5 mile radius - good if you don't want to navigate the One-Way Street maze that is Phoenix.Back to the Hotel. Located right next to a big office building and you can walk through the lobby to enter the hotel or go around to the hotel lobby. Looks a bit dated but was told that they are remodeling this Summer to update the decor (Not too soon).Hotel Bar and Restaurant are both tiny. Restaurant is great for Breakfast and the price is approx. $10 for the Buffet. I also had dinner there but was not really impressed, plus it was a bit steep for what I got.Be aware that the Hotel is a send-off point for Military Recruits prior to their shipping off to Boot Camp, so you will see very young kids and their families all the time. I got a sad vibe about the place because of the tearful goodbyes that I saw everywhere. Staff are very nice and polite. I would stay there again if the price was right.
5	Some hotels feel like well, hotels and some feel like home. Hilton get's it just right. From comfy beds, big rooms and good food I'm never disappointed. This Hilton has an all but perfect pool as well. The sun hits this huge piscine fully in the morning and by late afternoon it's split right down the middle so you get your choice of sun or shade. Which is a very good thing since the sun here is a force to be respected in the summer time! The beautiful palm trees and other tropical foliage will quickly make you forget your in the heart of Phenix. And if the nights get cool the hot tub is the place to be, enveloped by a 20 foot long water fall it won't disappoint!Every last staff member here from the front desk to the cleaning crew uniformly goes beyond expectations and helps round off any rough edges you may have during your stay.
1	This place had a flood so they ran fans all night.  My sink had a dirty ring that was a different color than the rest of the counter around the entire sink.  My room was not very clean.  My view is of a power plant.  The white trash people around the pool kept cursing around children, and management refused to do anything about.  This place is a trash pit.
1	This place is tired on every level. Staff is polite and friendly but thoroughly inefficient and clueless. There's a cute hotel around the corner, called Clarendon, just go there and enjoy life ;)Back to the 'Hilton Garden Inn': interiors are dated to say it polite, the 'bar tender' is more interested in watching some football games on the TV screen, the breakfast room staff on weekends just sits there doing nothing even when you're the only customer (note: the staff during the week is different, they're good). Check in is delayed way beyond 3PM, I've ordered a taxi to the airport on my check-out day: they did order one but managed not to tell me that it's actually here for 20 minutes!!!! And so on. Never again - NOT recommended. Ah, and well, they don't reply to emails either.
2	We booked one night here. The staff was very nice. Had a problem with the AC/Heat. They sent up an engineer. Problem was not fixed. They said they were remodeling but the floor they put in the bath was so bad. It looked cheap. And it was so dark in color that you wondered if it was clean. It is actually tile that looks like dark wood floors.  We thought is was cheap vinyl.  With the dark color you can't see if the floor is clean or not. The main issue was the bed. I have back issues and told them when we checked in. We say at Hilton because you always have a good bed. Well I got ready to crawl in about 11 PM. The bed was awful. Lumps and hard. The linens were not Hilton quality. I ended up sleeping in the chair. I could have called but that late I did not want to move. Already in PJ's. Mentioned this when checking out. The guy there said "you have to turn the black button to put air in the matress". He showed me a sign and said I should have been told at check in....Well I was not...Did he offer me points or a discount...Nope...Guess I will write to corporate.... Would never stay there again. I did contact corporate.  They had someone from the hotel call.  They comped our room.  So disapointed that this was not addressed at check in. If I had not contacted corp nothing would have been done.
4	Have stayed here before and very much like this hotel and its location.  Superb value.  They have done a lot of remodeling and still are working on a few of the final touches, when complete this is going to be a super nice property.  One thing that caught my attention and I think is really cool is the pool is 10 feet deep on the deep end.  When is the last time you saw something like that?  Most hotels pools are only like 4-5 deep due to fear of drowning liability.  I am a huge fan of deep pools and rare they are to find.  So for me that is another nice feature to this property.It is in a quiet area of town and lots of neat things around to do.. just 3 miles from Camel Back Drive and tons to do on that road.. The surrounding beauty makes this property even nicer if you find flaws which every hotel will have.
1	Terrible terrible customer service! I travel a lot for work and never have stayed at a hotel where there were so many employees that are only interested in talking with each other. For example, I ate breakfast at the restaurant and had to get my own coffee and refills- no I did not have the Buffett!
1	Overpriced & Horrible Housekeeping! I stayed in a suite for 5 nights, and continously had housekeeping issues that were reported and Not addressed. Housekeeping not coming until late in the afternoon, not vacuuming, leaving hair in the tub repeatedly, leaving standing water in the tub, hair in my sheets,  re - arranging my things, and USING MY TOLIET WITHOUT FLUSHING! Staff offered a complimentary breakfast which I was unable to use, offered me free snacks and soda. All I wanted was adequate housekeeping service. If I hadn't prepaid I would have left on the 2nd day. I WAS NOT COMPED. After showing the Asst. Mgr. pictures I was told I would get free nights stay certificates & bonus points. I had to call the Hilton customer service line TWICE and complete a survey before I heard back from the hotel, and after that I received 1 free regular room stay.Motel 6 service at a Hilton price. Just stay somewhere else & save yourself the frustration.
4	Got here late and computers were down. Spent about 45 minutes getting checked in and we were all quite tired. Room was extremely nice, bed was comfortable, no complaints within their control. The screaming kid in the room next to me at 12am, well that is another story. All in all I would definitely stay here again.
1	Horrible experience.  Had to wait an hour in the lobby for my reserved room. Called for room service and they don't do it on the weekends.  Kids screaming on the pool area for hours. Can hear everything in the room next door... under impressed.  Will never stay here again .
4	Nice and quiet  bussiness area, friendly staff, rooms were clean. Not the best hotel in Phoenix but for the price this place is a good stay.
