4	I'm a bit of a snob about Mexican food.  I keep trying to find authentic Mexican or Tex-Mex in the UK.  Mariachi gets points for being pretty damned close.They, like the others I've tried, have no idea what refriend beans should look like. They, like others, use not only the wrong kind of bean but seem to just bake them or somesuch.  And this is coming from a woman who hates beans with a passion.  That said, they also mixed beans into the meat for the tacos. WTF? That's just WEIRD. (and caused me a lot of extra work).  I give my tacos 2.5/5 stars.  The nachos get 4.5/5 - they were superb. And my boyfriend's steak fajitas looked great (and my stolen nibbles give them a 3.5/5.  I'm waiting for a Mexican place in the UK that does the traditional North American thing of a bottomless supply of fresh tortilla chips and salsa on the table as part of the meal.  Having to order/pay extra for it is silly.  Since I got the nachos to start I didn't bother, but otherwise I really want to be able to expect it and have it there.The decor was pretty nice and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  Not a perfect Mexican, but getting closer to what I hope for!
4	Stuffed chillies starter was pants fajitas spot on good service
2	First things first - Mexican food is something that I can love one day, and hate the next, so for my review I put on my unbiased hat and entered Mariachi's.First thing I noticed is how glad I was that I had booked ahead, as the moderatly sized restaurant was jam packed with customers and full of people looking hungry as they waited for a free table. So tip one - book!That aside, the traditional mexican music that is barely audable above the hubbub of diners and the neutral decor lends a relaxed atmosphere and the margaritas we had while waiting in the bar area was second to none.The menu is jam packed with traditional mexican and tex-mex foods, but we had to wait a little while for our orders, and the food was basic and according to my dining partner, the fajitas were bland.That said, Mariachi's is smack bang in the middle of the city, and is always going to be busy with its trade from tourists - so the atmosphere is great, even if the food is a little uninspiring.
4	Went here on a work's night out and really enjoyed the food. I'm a fan of all things spicy, and this didn't disappoint. Spicy mushrooms are yum, and fajitas were really well put together. Not too pricey too, which is always good.
2	The only reason I'm not giving this 1 star is purely because of how much i LOVE anything vaguely fajita/enchillada/burrito-related. It would be almost like cheating on them if I did that.But, if you're reading this Mariachi, you're really not that great. When I go to a latino restaurant I expect a great lively atmosphere, cheesy latino music, and amazing home-made food. Unfortunately, the only one of these criteria that Mariachi met was the cheesy music. And 1 out of 3 definitely is bad.The food was mediocre at best. Having lived in South America for a year you could say that I'm being a bit harsh on them, as nothing back home ever tastes as good as the real thing. But Tex Mex 2 on Thistle Street absoutey blows that theory out of the water, as well as offering much better value for money.If they insist on charging as much as they do here, they should up their game. Otherwise, they should lower their prices. But until they do, I don't see this place being the massive success that it should be given its location. I'm not surprised the Potterrow branch of Mariachi closed down!
2	My friends and I happened upon this place on the way to our hostel and, being from Southern California (and therefore having quite a bit of experience with Mexican food), we were so taken aback by a Mexican place in Scotland that we just had to try it. It's a fine attempt, but ultimately misses the mark. My blended margarita didn't taste good, and my beef tacos were a bit over-the-top. The food isn't bad if you're desperate, but I don't think I would go there again.
3	I unfortunately fell into the trap pf ordering chips and salsa first. Way too much food. But other than that, it was exactly what you would expect from a Mexican place. Big serves, as often happens in Mexican, and fresh ingredients. Nothing earth-shattering but reasonably priced. I would go back, next time I am in the area and in the mood for Mexican.
4	Very tasty food in a great location, with an unbeatable price! Chili Con Carne is recommended...
1	The worst, NON Mexican food I have ever had. The worst food I have ever had. The restaurant is nice enough, the staff nice, too, but the food, BAD!!!!! Tasted more like Indian, but did not look like Indian!!!!!! AVOID!
5	I have been to Edinburgh a few times and every time I come here I go to mariachis. I love the welcoming atmosphere and the food is amazing! I have never had a bad experience and if I had seen the reviews before going I would honestly never try it but I'm glad that I have been! I'm going tomorrow night for the second time in a week! It truly is really good!! :)
