5	My mother and aunt, who have traveled to Phoenix in the past, have always used and have been happy with Sun City Express. This recent trip was no different. They called us the night before to remind us of when they were coming. They are great about sticking to their schedule. It would have been $100.00, but since there were three, it was $55.00 plus a $10.00 tip. Our driver, Rick Stezz, was very friendly and professional, loading and unloading our luggage and helping me in and out of the van. I thought it was cool that they had a step ladder as I know older people make up some of their clientele. He drove very safely and announced which airlines were in which area as he drove through; the first stop was coincidentally ours as we were on US Airways and another couple on Southwest as they share terminal 4. So, for reliable shuttle service at reasonable rates with friendly service, Sun City Express cannot be beat. Keep up the good work Rick and staff.!
5	I've used Sun City Express 2 times so far, and I can honestly say I love this company! Always on time--except when you come back you have to call them from the airport, and they pick you up as quickly as they can IF they aren't already there.  Last trip when I came in from Buenos Aires they knew I would be arriving at a certain time and, even tho they had 2 other people in the van already, the driver waited for me outside the airport, so all I had to do is...well, walk outside the walls of the airport.  EZ!And when they know to pick you up at 6:30 am they arrive at my house exactly at 6:30 am.  So far they haven't even been a minute late.They have always helped me with my bags and even offered a hand to help me into the van when I needed it...and sometimes I do cause it's so early or I'm so tired I'm liable to trip myself getting into the van.Their prices are the lower than Super Shuttle I know.  There are other shuttle services in the area, but none compare to the overall service and price offered by this company I think.They seem to have been here a good amount of time, since when I first called and gave my address the Dispatcher automatically knew what community I lived in (much to my surprise).I do alot of international travels, so when I return and am pretty beat from 20 hours of flights it's always good to know the nice people at Sun City Express will be waiting to take me home.  This is definitely my go-to company for rides to and from the airport.
2	Not sure why they are getting great reviews unless you don't have to be anywhere promptly. I waited over 35 minutes for them to pick me up at the airport, then we had to pick someone else up, then take them all home even after asking if I could be dropped off first as I was on a timeline for work, the driver was rude, maybe because they do a lot of retired folks that don't have anywhere better to be but taking 2  hours to get home is in acceptable, oh and the seat belts were broke too....
1	No GPS, No Map, Asked me for directions, I was scared and uncomfortable!I booked and prepaid for a shuttle from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport to Surprise, AZ, at least one week prior to arrival.  You are required to give a phone number and address of destination.  One would think, this is because the route was mapped out, or put into a GPS prior to pick up.  Not the case!  I was picked up on April 11, 2014, by an elderly driver.  At pick up, he was friendly and helped me with my bags.  I was the only passenger in the van.  We proceed to move out of the arrival area of the airport and the driver asks if I know how to get to where I am going.  I think that this is a joke and kind of laugh, saying this is my third time here this year.  He says, good, do you know how to get there?  I say, not really don't you have GPS?  He says no.  I asked didn't the company print you directions from MapQuest or something?  No, is his response.  I say, they don't give you a GPS?  No, he replies I would have to buy my own, and I also have to buy my own maps, and the area you are headed is so new, it is not on my map.As a frequent, traveler, Road warrior, I expect when I get into a cab / black car / van service that the driver has GPS, or knows the area.  As a female, this could be a very frightening situation.  I kept it in perspective, because he was elderly, but I was uncomfortable, and felt unsafe / unsure. I began texting the person, that I was meeting, for directions.  I then downloaded an app for MapQuest on my phone - did not have it, because my personal vehicle has GPS. The driver did not want to use the map quest directions I pulled up, making me even more uncomfortable and nervous. He did begin following directions provided to me, via text.  I was so nervous that I was continually texting someone telling them what we were passing and the road signs I was reading. Once we got close to Surprise, I recognized the area and directed him to the house I was going to.  The driver said, Glad one of us knew where they were going.  Not humorous, not even remotely acceptable!!  I did tip him, and was not confrontational about his lack of directions, because he new where I would be staying - I don't know this guy!The person that I was visiting, who recommended Sun City Express was very upset.  She came out and spoke to the driver about lack of directions.  His response was, At least I got her here.We called Sun City Express to speak to a supervisor and his response was, "He got her there."  Again not acceptable.  He rambled on, that I needed to arrive at my destination quickly for a meeting.  This had nothing to do with the fact that I road 45 minutes with a man that did not have directions, and did not speak more than ten sentences after leaving the airport.  We explained that had he not been elderly, this would be even more frightening than it was.  The supervisor said this man has been with the co. a long time and refuses to use GPS.  Not the same story the driver gave me, and if you don't know where you are headed, and refuse GPS and maps, why are you driving people.  when mentioned to the supervisor that he did not even apologize, he then said sorry.  Too little, too late, and not professional or courteous, or empathetic.Beware, be warned, take heed, before allowing yourself to be put in the same situation that I was in.  I was scared.
1	Ordered a  4am pick up to catch a 6 am flight. At 405am, the dispatcher "didn't know where our driver was" and sent a second vehicle, which arrived at 435am. We arrived at Phoenix sky harbor at 530am and ONLY due to the kindness of Southwest Airlines did we make our flight. We called the next day to voice our displeasure, received no apology and in fact was told we should be THANKING them for upgrading us from a shared van to a town car. Supershuttle for us from now on. Sun City express is unreliable and supervisory staff is rude.
1	I have taken the Sun City Express shuttle dozens of times.   They recently had an ownership change and have doubled their rates.   This offends me.  Uber car is now cheaper (especially when you have two or more).  No more Sun City Express shuttle for me unless I am desperate.
