4	There is nothing worse than coming back to your house after being away for 6+ weeks, flushing your toilet and watching the water rise. Not only is the water rising in your toilet, but it's doing the same in your tub and shower.Gross. Seriously, it's gross.For some reason, I had anticipated something like this happening before I left because I am my mother's daughter - I am *so* paranoid about things like this happening and worrying it's going to cost a minor fortune. Anyway, i had printed out some coupons that they had on their website - 10% all services over $100. SCORE! While it's not much, in these economic times, it does count for something because I can use that saved money and go somewhere to yelp about later. ;)I felt bad for the guy who came out because it seems we have a bad root problem - and the only way to get to the pipes in the house was to climb on our roof. Setting sun, temperature dropping and having to climb on the roof? Not exactly what someone wants to do at close to 5pm at night.However, the guy was a trooper! He did it and our toilet now flushes nicely...until the next set of roots grow in. He recommended throwing stuff down the toilet to kill the roots (I don't remember the name, but I know it's dangerous! haha) to prevent that from happening again.This is the 2nd time I've used Sun Devil Plumbing and I'd recommend them again.They're fast, friendly and courteous. The guys know what they're doing and for hapless homeowners like my husband and myself, that's a good thing.
5	Short and sweet...this company is awesome!  I've used them several times and everytime they are abled to get you scheduled quickly and show up on time.  They are professional and knowledgeable!  I work with a lot of contractors and this one stands out as one of the best.  Two techs in particular are fabulous, Brian and Travis!
5	Great service.  Professional and prompt technician.  They arrived as scheduled and charged LESS than quoted.  I will highly recommend them to my friends & family.
1	This company charged me $100 to fix a slow leak on a bathroom faucet. It took then less than 5 minutes of work then started leaking again a couple of months later. I called to see if they would fix it again and, of course, it was going to be another $100 for the same problem they failed to fix. They transferred me 4 times to a line that constantly rang and I had to all back. Staff was really rude and when I explained I didn't think it was fair to charge me full price again they could have cared less.
1	I contacted Sun Devil to do plumbing work at my business as I had found a prior invoice in our files from this company as well as our Phoenix location had their number as a contact.  The tech came in on a Sunday and let us know that he would need to return when he could turn off the water to do said repairs.  He was scheduled to arrive Monday morning at 9am so we could fix issues before our 10am opening yet I had to call the office at 9:30am only to find out he would not be arriving until about 10am since he did not inform the office of our opening time???  Tech finally arrived at about 10am and wanted to know how I would be paying, he even asked me how much the limit on my corporate credit card was BEFORE giving me an estimate.  He started repairs and when I asked to get his estimate in writing, he proceeded to write an estimate for well over $130 that he originally quoted me verbally. The owner said to stop work immediately and when placing the urinal back onto the wall, it was mysteriously cracked?  Hmmmmmmmmm.........funny that wasn't in my written estimate prior to work being stopped?  Then I was charged $97 for work done, whatever he did in the 15 minutes or so he WAS working and not sitting in my office asking for money.When I contacted the management, they of course, defended their tech.  He never even turned on the water to SEE what the actual problem was in the first place?  Great service I must say......................NOT!!!!  Now my owner is out $97 and we have to replace the entire urinal.  Sun Devil corporate offices has claimed they are not responsible for anything however the urinal wasn't spraying water all over the place prior to their tech working on it, it had a clogged drain only.I feel like the tech took major advantage of me and my lack of plumbing knowledge.  Please make sure to get several written quotes when you are looking for a plumber.  I feel like such an idiot but I have never been in this situation before.  If you choose to use this company, get a written estimate FIRST and do not trust a verbal statement and make sure they warranty all the work done (or not done in this case).
1	I'm certainly not dazzled by the service. They give you 4 hour windows to show up at your house. My issue is still not resolved after 3 scheduled appointments in one week. Each time they show up at the back end of the 4 hours or later than the 4 hours, and in 3 consecutive visits they have forgotten/not had the right part so they have been unable to fix it.  Each time I waste at least 4 hours of my life, not to mention I took half a day off of work to be here for one of the occasions. I have no idea how their handiwork is because they have yet to DO anything but so far the experience has not been great.
1	I would rate 0 stars if I could.  We called Sun Devil Plumbing to help find where the milew/musty smell is coming from our kitchen sink area.  The guy arrived (within a 4 hour window....how ridiculous is that), we told him what we did and he said 'that's what I would do'.  We asked him to check things out.  He took a 2 second look and said it all looks fine.  We also asked him to look at our faucet, which he didn't do.  He charged me $99 for the visit and $8 for gas.  Heck, our house is just a few minutes from their office.  So now, after $107, I am no better off than I was before they arrived.  Now I have to call a 'real plumber' to help find and fix this problem.
1	One morning neither shower in my house would drain in less than about 10 minutes and each toilet was clogged. We called the normal plumber that our landlord uses but for some reason they directed us to Sun Devil Plumbing. We were quoted $133 for the job. I had never used a plumber before because I had always been in apartments, so I had no idea if this was a normal price or not. My roommate's boyfriend was at the house when the guy came, said he was in and out pretty fast, said something about how the guy told him it might be a good idea to get on the roof, but then said he was too lazy, or something along those lines. The boyfriend told us everything was fixed though, we got the bill for $133, thought we were good. We told the landlord about it and he said that we completely got ripped off and that was way too much to pay for that issue, but hopefully it would at least last. Here we are probably about a week later and we already have the same exact issue. So not only has every single person we have talked to, including the owner of the house, told us we were overcharged, but the job didn't even last two weeks. I've thought about calling, but it seems like if you call they are just going to defend their plumber and charge you again to come fix it. I don't really care what the reason or excuse is, as a customer there is no reason in my mind that we should have the same problem this soon after. A few months maybe, but not this soon. Needless to say I'll be calling a different plumber to fix the problem we already paid $133 for.
2	generally like this company, but today i felt i was overcharged.  Had a slow drain on a bathroom sink.  He had it fixed in under 15 minutes, it didn't require any parts (just labor), and after my 10% discount I still ended up paying over $100 for 15 minutes of labor.  It seemed excessive.
5	Great company. Quick to get to the job and always great work! Highly recommend these guys!
1	I don't know where to start.  Imagine your most ridiculous customer service nightmare and then times that by 10.  You'd start to get close the experiences I've had with this unethical, unprofessional "business".  I am only forced to continue dealing with them due to their contract with a home warranty company.  Save your $$ and your time & go elsewhere.
