2	Okay, so who likes to go to the DMV to begin with??? While there are many cool things going on in Charlotte that make life easier and more adjustable, especially for us transplants, the DMV is not one of them! Right when the whole system got much easier and smoother in NY, I come down here and it is pure chaos - if you need to come here be prepared to free up an entire morning and/or afternoon to wait around and do nothing but watch Dr. Phil on the one TV in the waiting area. If your experience is anything like mine, people in Charlotte will scare you into thinking that the written test is so difficult that you will waste two whole evenings "studying" for it. Then you will get there and take it, only to find most of the questions are completely obvious and not so difficult. Although, warning, they do throw some curveballs at you, such as where the "no zones" are when it comes to 18-wheelers, and you also should study your road signs. Better to be more prepared, because if you don't fail you can't retake it that same day, you need to come back and wait all over again! PS good luck parking!
1	Expect a tremendous wait time when you visit the DMV on Brookshive Blvd.  There is not nearly enough staff members nor space for the incredible amount of customers that need service.
3	Yes they open at 8am and yes you should make an appt months in advance.  If you dont (like me) you will get there at 7:30 and wait an hour minimum.  They let you in a few people at at time, make sure you have your old license with you if you are going for a renewal (it is $32 bucks).  If you are going for registration only then go to the door on the left as you are looking at the building - you will have no waiting.The drivers license renewal test is easy just reading the signs.  Have fun and enjoy the people watching!
1	Rude people and now they close the doors 30 minutes prior closing and if your there one minute passed your screwed. Because none of us have jobs or anything.
3	Honestly, not as bad as I expected!I arrived just before they opened on a Friday (though they say the traffic is heavier on mondays and friday? I dont know), entered into the driver's license side in a herded cattle fashion, and waiting in line for the desk. After showing them that I had all my paperwork with me, I received a number and proceeded to sit... And sit a little more. After about ten minutes they mentioned the testing computers were on the fritz and they were trying to reboot them. Great. But in the end it only took me an hour to do everything, and that's a win for me!Everyone who worked there was extremely pleasant, not sure if its the norm for them (which just seems so wrong for the DMV) or if it was because we were the first ones in. One of the women in line didn't have half the documents she needed but the clerk was truly trying to get her help by using every alternate information she might have on her or in her glovebox, even though it still didn't work out, it was nice to see her try instead of just dismissing the woman at first glance. After living in Florida, it's a little weird having your new DL sent to your home instead of just being made on the spot, and since you can't do anything with your registration while only having your temporary license, you have to make two trips (at least) out there. Lame.
2	The DMV is the great equalizer. Rich and poor, black and white, citizen and... non citizen. At some point, everyone has to come in for their turn in the mill. After I drove by the DMV office on Arrowood where the line was out the door and halfway down the shopping plaza, I figured that I had to try elsewhere. So here I am.Wait in line, give your name and reason for being here, go take a seat. And wait. And wait some more. And keep waiting.No food, no drink, no smoking. You don't want to go outside, because you might miss your turn. On the plus side, there is a decent 4G cell signal (I'm on T-Mobile) and they do NOT have a television that's tuned in to some irritating nonsense.Eventually, my name was called and I got my vision test and a check of the various roadsigns that I had to identify. It's not as easy as you think - which one is the yellow triangle when they don't put words on the sign? Then another wait until my picture was taken.Each of the people I interacted with was nice and polite. I have no complaints with the people. It's just that there aren't enough of them! All told two hours of time plus driving up to Brookshire and back.Yes, I've experienced better. On the plus side, I'm now renewed for another eight years until I have to do this again.#2600
4	I can only speak on the registration section and not licensing... Looking next door at the licensing area- they get busy FAST. And the line appeared to be moving slow.I arrived at around 8:10am on a Friday. I walked in and there were 2 different lines: one for registration renewals and another for new titles/registration which keeps things moving pretty staggered instead of a total stand still. The line was moving pretty fast even though it was packed.Being in other people's business and overhearing conversations I could tell that all the employees actually knew what they were talking about and seemed to care. I was done by 9:45am after getting a title transferred in my name (took longer since I had to make an ATM trip to the next room and take a phone call). I have had several awful DMV experiences and this has been the only visit that I have actually left in a decent mood.
5	I have not been to the DMV in quite some time....well...not since my last renewal.  I have to admit...I am impressed the remodeled and expanded location.  I find absolutely nothing to complain about as I write this review.  I was in and out pretty quickly.  The line was long...but they quickly opened a few extra to accommodate the customers that were waiting.  Also...I have to admit....It really pays to have your paper work in order!  so go prepared...make their jobs a lot easier...and faster!!!
4	Great DMV office. It's split: license and vehicle registration. The first time I've ever seen something like this. Anyways, the service is pretty quick and most of the workers are friendly. I finally got my driver's license after the third attempt. The examiner (Alston) was so gracious and helpful. I thank her so much for explaining what I did wrong the previous time. I got lucky and got her again. Passed with flying colors. I would go out of my way to go here for anything else, though I live alot close to the N Tryon location (which is just as bad as the one on Arrowood).
5	We got here at 7:40am and were 8th in line. The doors promptly opened at 8am and there was a line around the building.  I transferred my license from FL to NC in only 45 minutes. Unless you have all day to wait, get here early!The desk staff was friendly, I had all necessary paperwork for a new license. However, when they say you need to show proof of insurance, what they need is proof of existing insurance with the DATES of coverage including an EXPIRATION date. They are prepared for this and quickly give you a fax number to give to your insurance company. The employees working the stations, computers and filing paperwork were friendly and efficient. The gentleman that helped me (his name escapes me, has a Las Vegas mouse pad) was helpful with my questions, even joked around about the vision test easing the torture of typical dmv monotony. I have had a really really bad experience with the ARROWWOOD DMV and promised myself not to go back, good choice in coming here. This one was worth the drive from south Charlotte. FYI- the vision test is standard and let's hope you can see well enough to pass. But the road sign test can be a little tricky... The yellow triangle on its side comes at the end, be prepared but overall easy to pass.
5	Today my line was short only 4 people was ahead of me. The lady that waited on me was very polite, friendly and professional. I always have a good exprience here even if sometimes I do have to wait longer in line.
5	This place gets 5 stars hands down!!! I don't know if I was lucky or what but I walked I. At roughly 4:47 pm. They gave me my number, I sat down to check in on Yelp and my number was called before I could even finish. Basically my purse is lost or stolen so I'm trying to replace everything. On a holiday week. So I had to get here today. Lucky me this location is open until 6 pm yaaaas! Also on Saturdays (pending no holiday). Since it was sorta on the way home from work I headed over expecting to be miserable. Well since I was replacing my already valid drivers license all I had to do was verify my ssn, which I had my dd-214 for that. Even better now my new license will say veteran on it because I had that :) I was in and out in 10 minutes. And they were friendly and funny. This location rocks.
