5	I almost cried during my meal here because Phoenix needs this restaurant SO BADLY.  It's hip and kind of elegant at the same time with stylized comfort food that's familiar but new at the same time.  The cheddar scallion biscuits with bacon jam and a sunny side up quail egg...sublime!  Basil risotto was simply perfect and a great vegetarian option.  And while the lemon blueberry cheesecake was good, the accompanying tortilla ice cream changed my life; I could have eaten an entire plate of the ice cream alone.Blue Hound is attached to the new Hotel Palomar, which is also well worth a visit, if only to see the ultra cool Arizona wing back chairs which I now want for my living room!
5	This review is mainly for the bar and a few light (ok not light, but small) snacks.  Met with a couple people during their soft opening and there was absolutely nothing soft about it.  I got there a few minutes early and posted up at the bar to grab a Manhattan.  This drink is usually my boozometer when I am trying a place first.  Ok, we've got something here, this drink is tasty.  Started talking to the bartenders and got a really comfortable feeling from them.  When was the last time that you sit down to the bar and  they ask your name, tell you their's, and then shake your hand?  After the manhattan the rest of the group showed.  The bar was a little too busy to fit the three of us so I took my second drink, sazerac, to the table.  Sazerac was tasty as well.  Rest of the table ordered some drinks and nothing negative to be said anywhere.  We each had around 4 or 5 drinks and every last one of them was delicious.  We were comped a few bar snack and all were delicious but the stand out was the warm nuts. (twss)  Mixed nuts warmed with Herbs De Provence and a little bit of chili flake I believe.  Soooooo good.  As for the style of the place it is fantastic.  Feels cool but not cliche.  The Palomar staff did a fantastic job of designing this space.  As of now this is the one place in City Scape that is worth while.
5	Dinner for four at the soft opening.The food kept us talking about the tastes and combinations far into the night.Small/shared plates will fill you up quickly.  The Hamachi Crudo was a fresh, light starter with peppers, fennel and sea beans to fire up your appetite! Grilled asparagus and a delicate, cheesy risotto were great sides but the smoked beef rib was a taste sensation.  Sweet and savory, smoky and succulent, sticky and sumptuous! Bleu cheese grits and grilled peaches were the perfect pairing.  ahhhh, sigh.  I think I'd pass up the tater tots and save room for something else.  This restaurant is just what Phoenix needs.  Close to the ball parks or walk off your dinner in an invigorated downtown, Blue Hound Kitchen is a great addition to the energy.
5	Perfect addition to downtown... Best margaritas, flatbread was superb and the service as superior.   Leave it to Kimpton to do it up right; very nicely done and we will be back many times over!
4	Great new restaurant I just had cocktails and a appetizer.  Great ambience  casual and cool!  Great energetic servers was refreshing!  Thanks  I will be back!
3	Its a restaurant that's still very much in its infancy and still has some kinks to work out, but so far this new downtown spot is off to a pretty good start.  My siblings and I took my Dad here for Father's Day.  Surprisingly, it was packed (not with Father's Day peeps but rather a ton of folks in town for various conventions).  The restaurant matches well with the feel of the Hotel Palomar in general.  Modern and eclectic.As for the food?  They strongly encourage sharing dishes amongst the whole table so they offer have and full portions of all their dishes.  For vegetarians, they have a farm fresh menu of various veggie combo dishes.  For the appetizer, we got a full order of tater tots (yes, tater tots).  Decent flavor, a little oily.  For the main dish my Dad and I both got the short rib (which is huge by the way), while my bro got the fried quail, and my sis got the gizpacho.  The short rib was juicy, fall off the bone tender with a perfect char.  My brother's quail was pretty good, but we unfortunately discovered some bones still embedded in the quail.  Not sure if it was supposed to be that way, but it was an unpleasant surprise from an otherwise tasty dish.  My sister said the gizpacho was so-so.  Overall, the food was good but not great as some dishes probably still need some work.The atmosphere of the place and the friendly wait staff made up for some of this place's shortcomings and they even comped the appetizer for sitting us in a noisy area with the convention goers.  They didn't have to do that, but it was a nice gesture.As a whole, I would absolutely bring my friends here for happy hour as they have a really cool bar area with a decent cocktail selection and the modern look of the place is a great conversation piece.  As far as the restaurant itself, I think it has potential.  Its only been open two weeks and I know every new place goes through some growing pains, so I'm willing to give them a pass on some of menu misfires for now.  Hopefully next time I come by they'll have worked out the kinks and lived up to their potential.
3	I was really excited when I read the reviews from the other Yelpers about this restaurants.  When I arrived I was really impressed with how nice it looked.  The bar isn't large or the restaurant in general isn't that big,  but it seems pretty lively.    Nice big windows which are probably really nice to sit next to on a Friday and Saturday night when there are people out and about.We were greeted graciously by the hostess and seated quickly.  Our server was also very nice.  We ordered the tater tots, just a half order.  I loved those and the half order was more than enough for my husband and I to share.  Then we  had the sopes.  I love pork belly, so was really excited about trying them.  They were a little on the heavy side.  Next we tried the biscuits.  If you like bacon and eggs, then you will like this dish.  I feel like the quail eggs were a little overcooked.  We decided to share the Short Rib.  It was huge!  I was really excited to try the grits that came with it too.  But then we bit into it.  It was pure fat!  I don't mind a little fat if it rendered properly, but it wasn't.  So my husband cuts on the other side of the rib and we still couldn't find any actual meat.  Not that it mattered since biting into the fat already turned my stomach.  The server offered to cook it longer or bring another, but we had lost our appetite.  When the server brought us the bill he said that the manager took 10% off the top of our tab, which was about $3.50.  That's not going to work.  We asked to speak to the manager and when he came to speak to us he removed the short rib off our tab.I think this place is going to be great in a couple of months.  The menu is pretty creative and I would like to return and try some other dishes one day.  Great place to go if you like bacon, which I do.  Next time I will probably try the crudo dish or a salad.  I little acid would go great with the heavier dishes.
4	What a seat to watch the over 45 crowd head to the Van Halen concert! Yep, that's our generation doing shots of tequila with Coors Lite chasers. The conversational slur: What type of tequila you got? (we're quite picky)Aw, never mind that's good (too drunk to care) So wow it was crowded with some drunks, cool folks and young'uns.  Bartenders maintained their cool with the escalating demands... Then normalcy returned with a pleasant jibe that allowed us to absorb this fun space within the Palomar.Menu was reasonable but bar had the most options with unusual whiskeys, oversized rocks, and signature drinks without too much sugar. Ceviche enjoyable with well brined scallops, shrimp, and chili threads.Guess the one nagging detail was how the bar treated a young man, under dressed but paying cash...geez they requested drink payment right away then they almost double charged him for the drink when he paid up for the later  entree. Meanwhile, we hadn't even offered a credit card for our honest tab. Can't figure out that one.Loved the oversized rocks with the whiskey and nice pours. We will be back!
3	Still needs work and I had the misfortune of  being a Guinea pig to the main course.  I loved all the appetizers I ordered and was excited to have the short rib and grits.  Unfortunately the short rib was all fat,  I took two bites of the short rib hoping it would get better., it was pure white fat.  I felt sick from eating it and was asked if I would like another rib.  Unfortunately after eating two pieces I was grossed out from the fat.  I also was offered 10 percent off my tab for the short rib?  I only had two bites and got 10 percent off?? I was honestly angry at that point, I did not eat it, they took it away, and now I am going to pay for it?  Luckily the manager corrected the bill and said it was a miss communication between him and the server.  Maybe after the corrections to the menu and items offered this will be a great place to eat.  After being subjected to the most fat consumed in 2 bites I am going to pass on this place and wait it out.Hopefully some other Yelpers can try out new menu items so I am not the test subject for it.
4	First meal here and loved it. Started off with the tater tots with pork, the zucchini corn dogs and the sopes. All vey good. Sopes my fav by far. For dinner the trout and Kentucky fried  quail. Again both very good. Also had the Tommy's Margarita - good.  Asked our server Blake for a recommendation for a second drink, he asked what i liked and he said he had the perfect drink. Came back w/ pineapple, beer, tequila combo, WOW, very good!   Nice location, downtown has another great place to come to.
4	Gorgeously well built bar! I loved the dark wood and open feel. It was packed during happy hour and they offer a few drinks for a decent price (i believe it was $6 a drink) and all of their flatbreads are half off. I ordered the gorgonzola one and it had a very interesting flavor. It wasn't my favorite. The rest of the menu sounded divine so I do plan on coming back soon.
4	Really liking the vibe here.  I like how the bar and lobby start to blend with a full house.  It is definitely a cocktail joint and the beer on tap continues to grow.  Have been about twice a week since they opened.The food offers a wide variety to choose from and I like that many of the apps and entrees are created for a sharing environment. I've worked my way thru the menu pretty quickly.  Here's some suggestions:*Starters*Tater TotsDeviled EggsWarm Mixed NutsCitrus OlivesRoasted BeetsHeirloom Tomato Salad (Tasty, but 3 slices was not worth the price)*Main Dishes*Mac N CheesShort Ribs    (The gravy boat dish is cool, but the rib needs to be cut into smaller pieces)*Dessert*Cheese Cake with Tortilla Ice Cream   I'm not the biggest fan of dairy, but Tortilla Ice Cream is great!All in all, I'm happy with the cocktails and apps at any hour.  You do pay for the upscale environment to be downtown, but I feel it's worth the experience.  The elevated view out of the windows is a spectacular over the city.The biggest perk is you can head upstairs to Lustre's rooftop bar for a night cap.  You'll see a lot of the same staff working both bars.I recommend for anyone especially the Scottsdale crowd before catching a game
2	well I was hoping this place would blow my socks off, but alas, my socks stayed tightly in tact. I had been waiting for this place to open for a few weeks and been checking out the menu in the window and online (I'm at the Golds every morning, not just a creepy window stalker). We finally got a chance to go a few weekends ago and man, was I disappointed. They were busy, which is expected on a Friday night. We had to sit in the lobby of the hotel, which we did but was super awkward. We ordered a few drinks and hit the menu. I ordered the deviled eggs and wifey got teh cheese plate. I went with the short ribs with blue cheese grits while wifey went with teh ricotta pizza with pork belly. The apps were done right, no complaints there. I liked the crispy bacon under the mix in the midle of the eggs, nice touch. The entrees, on the other hand, were sub par. My "short rib" dish was a large beef rib, and not a true short rib. I'm not THAT picky, but when I want short ribs, I want actual short ribs. the meat was super chewy, essentialy beef jerky on a large stick. The glaze tasted good but after wrestling with the knife to cut off a few pieces, that was it. The grits were also bland, no blue cheese to be found. Wifey's pizza should have read as Pork Belly pizza  and it would have been on point. Now I know it sounds crazy to compain about too much pork belly, but the entire thing was pork belly and there was no ricotta to be found. it was also super salty and just not very good. The server comped my short ribs due to them being inedible, which was very gracious. I had high hopes for this place and will give it another shot. I'm hoping it doesn't go the way of St Francis where it's got tons of potential, but simply can't deliver
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 *Drinks*10 Service10 Atmosphere6 ValueGive me some tots, mixed nuts, and a Floradora (or 3) and I'm a happy man.Downtown Phoenix's restaurant hotels all miss the mark, some more than others, until now.  Because Blue Hound compensates for all the rest of them.Don't come here looking for big portions or sloppy drinks.  Because you won't find either.  (Note that the lower 'value' score is mostly driven by the food prices, not the drink prices.)The food is great and should be savored.  I know that both "tater tots" and "mixed nuts" sound pretty basic, but just trust me and get them.  If you end up not liking them, then we're just not friends.  I also enjoyed the mac & cheese and the sopes.  The deviled eggs were also amazing, but 5 halves?  I know odd numbers are 'balanced' (or something, I'm not a design guy), but I'll take that 6th half at the expense of presentation, please.The tortilla ice cream actually tastes like... a tortilla.  I think I appreciated it for its novelty and the unique experience more than I actually liked it, but I'm glad I got it.  But the accompanying cheesecake is something I want to see back in front me.Heathen Child, Floradora, Golden Gate, You Call It: vodka, The Darkness, Absinthe Fizz, something else I can't remember the name of -- i love the drinks here.  And I also hear brunch might be coming soon....So save up a few bucks and make this place happen, because they just raised the bar in downtown.
1	Beautiful bar and hotel ... but skip it for happy hour and watch out for deceptive wait staff.Problem with the Blue Hound is there are too many choices nearby to make coming back a possibility. It may feel cool, but a lot of other places nearby feel cool, too. It's worth a visit just to check it out, but then ... it will never enter your mind again.The Whoohoos!! - Beautifully decorated, great feeling and vibe, as another reviewer stated. It feels like a nice change of pace for Phoenix restaurants. The poolside bar is awesome and I'd go back there before this place.The Sad Pandas - Happy hour SUCKS. I work nearby and go out at least one night a week and the Blue Hound will not be on our rotation list. "But why?" you ask ...Set the scene ... four women out after work. Not looking for dinner, just some snacks while we have a drink or two and catch up.Popcorn - sounds nummy! Not if you want more than two handfuls. For $6, we were delivered a teeny, tiny wooden bowl that you'd expect salsa to come in. In it was two medium sized handfuls of this caramel popcorn (and a lot of kernels and broken pieces). This should be given to the table gratis, if you're going to give something so small.Deviled eggs - Wow, the presentation was beautiful I felt like Gordon Ramsey must have perfectly placed and spaced the eggs on the plate. And the four of us, now totally stuffed from our half a handful of popcorn stare down at three deviled eggs. Good thing Maria was on a diet, of else we'd have to arm wrestle for who got the eggs.Drinks - not the worse priced, not the best. Problem was our waiter didn't seem to have a Fing clue about their unique lineup of beers. I asked for something light and summery - to which he suggest a "summer shandy."Assuming this summer shandy was the same as every other summer shandy I've had (beer mixed with lemonade), I agreed to try it on the waiter's "It's amazing"What I was given haunts me in my dreams. A oddly shaped beer glass was delivered with a light, almost water color and a GIANT FREAKING CUCUMBER stuck in it. Was I supposed to put this on my eyes? The drink smelled like a combination of facial moisturizer and salad ... both appealing combos in a drink.That's about when my friend found the drink in their table top menu and pointed out the $10 price tag and list of liquor. This was NOT a normal summer shandy and the waiter should have told me and either pointed to it in the menu and listed the price. Granted, $10 isn't horrible, but what if I was watching my money?  When someone is trying to spend my money to raise his bill and tip, be honest with me or I'll slam your tip and warn others to be wary of the wait staff at the Blue Hound.So bottom line ... I think this place is worth a visit, but given my experience, I will not be returning on any regular basis.
4	We only had a chance to stop in here briefly for June's milkshake shop but I am looking forward to coming back to try the food. The tots look delish. Can't wait to try them! I love the decor of this place! So many fun elements and a great view of downtown.
4	Perfect spot for upscale post-work drinks downtown. I came here a week ago post-work/pre-DBacks game. The place was packed. They're located at the Hotel Palomar off to the left of the lounge area (where wine hour is served to hotel guests) They have an impressive selection of cocktails, all made with fresh local ingredients. I particularly like their cocktail list for those who want something off the beaten path made with an obscure liquor. Highest marks for originality.I also really like their ice cubes which are slightly larger than your average ice cube and a bit rough. The bartenders are all very friendly but the service is a bit slow. Granted they were very busy so no complaints here other than I really wanted another drink and had to wait.I highly recommend this place especially if you want a casual yet classy place to grab a drink. Haven't sampled the food yet, but since I work just a few blocks away I'm sure I'll be a regular here before too long.Did I mention we ran into Drew Carey in the elevator? We were exiting to street level headed to Chase Field and got to share a ride with him to the lower level. Good times!
3	This place is chic modern, the wait staff are definitely happy to have a job at a new establishment, and the menu justifies it's inflated downtown prices.My first time in was for lunch. I went big and ordered the $16 bacon cheeseburger w a fried egg. It was incredible. The seasoning in the mince and contrasting consistencies between the crispy bacon and gooey egg was a nice combination. We arrived at 1130 to 4-6 tables occupied and left close to 1p with every chair/stool sat in. Parking wasnt easy but was not difficultMy second time was the following week on a Friday night. I wanted to see what the late happy hour, weekend dinner crowd would be like. I was a bit disappointed in the patrons that were there (7p-10p) as it was an older crowd and the environment did not keep up with the potential of the space. I dont know how much of that can be blamed to the restaurant or hotel - unless the marketing budget can increased or the campaign can be redirected. It made me second guess whether this would be my new dinner/hh spot in downtown, or if I would just continue to frequent the central phx/arcadia gems. Parking was horrendousThe dinner ws extravagant - cheddar scallion biscuits with quail eggs and bacon jam (best part was the egg, not worth $9 for two of these bite sized suckers). Kale caesar salad (wouldnt do it again). And chicken friend Quail over foie gras biscuit - enjoyed it but would try something else next time. I actually text my buddy in the middle of the meal, who introduced me to the restaurant, that i enjoyed lunch much more than dinner.I'd realistically give it another shot for dinner, but unfortunately if it is just lackluster again (by flavor and ambiance), i doubt i'll be there often because it is not in the vicinty of my office for lunch.
4	Great new, hip spot in downtown Phoenix!  I was so excited when I heard a Hotel Palomar was coming and couldn't be happier with the way it turned out.  The atmosphere is hip, relaxing and just plain cool.  The bartenders/staff are very friendly and efficient.  The cocktail menu is extensive and I was not disappointed.  The summer smash was well made and very refreshing.  This will definitely be one of my "go to" places in my downtown neighborhood.
4	After you've fought your way here through the labyrinth beyond the goblin city, found an underground parking space, avoided the pitfalls of construction and ventured to the second floor entrance... be sure to present your ticket for validation at the desk!We had a birthday (not mine) outing here, and I have many good things to say! Strong cocktails! Intriguing flavors! Moody and inviting setting! Our waiter did forget to grab drink orders from the last 2 (of 9) people at our table - one of us had a half drink so maybe he was misled. He made up for the lapse with anecdotes and consistently attentive service thereafter. We were in a corner, which we filled with laughter, and it was loud but not so loud that (being in the middle) I couldn't turn and hear what the other end of the table was chatting about.There was something for everyone on the menu, even shortribs served on the bone, in a bowl, over tasty sides (for the Viking/Caveman in you). I had the risotto - full of flavor - and the olives and bottomless popcorn were big hits... but the tacos, the tacos! It was the only sign of sadness from our group, that the full order of tacos wasn't really a meal, but more of a tapas plate.Oh, and water carafes should probably just have been left at the table. It's shwank to fill a glass halfway from a glass bottle, but for those of us who work in the Arizona heat and rely on rehydrating in the evening... waiting for water to arrive (again) is anything but neat-o.BUT! before you're done, save room for a digestif up at the rooftop bar. It's lovely, too.
5	A friend of mine and I decided to have dinner at Blue Hound Sunday night. We figured it would be steady but slow enough to enjoy dinner.The decor itself is amazing! Very well decorated and unique, from the lighting fixtures to the coffee tables.The food of course, was the best part of the night. Sergio was our server, and was able to help us by explaining the drink menu and the dinner menu. He made great suggestions for both, noting that for the dinner menu, it was more tapas and family style which works best for me. Sergio was also very attentive through out the night.The Summer of Shandies cocktail was very yummy that I might just try to replicate it at home.We tried a number of dinner items, all which were full of different but great flavors. My favorites though, were the tomato heirloom salad, zucchini corn dogs,and  the short rib.For dessert, I would recommend the cake n shake. the cake part is definitely sharable but the shake, too good to share :)Both managers that were on the floor, Cheyenne and Matt, even stopped by to check how our evening was going.For the quality and the attention to detail that is spent to create the variety of cocktails and food, the value is definitely justified.I cannot stress enough how wonderful the service was and how delicious the food tasted.I will definitely be back for dinner and to try out Lustre the pool bar!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this place! Thank you Chef Stephen, Derek, Chris and all of the Blue Hound staff for making my birthday dinner more than amazing last night. I couldn't have asked for better food, better cocktails, better service or better company. The food was cooked to perfection and with a lot of love. Our server Chris was very well versed in the menu and gave some great recommendations! If you go you must try the biscuits, short rib, hamachi and for dessert get the pineapple upside down cake! The card signed by your staff was such a nice touch. Please make sure you pass on my thanks! I will be back and I will tell everyone about this place.
4	While i usually don't update reviews, I feel this was absolutely necessary. I'm rarely one to write off a restaurant after the first try, so we decided to come back and check it out for dinner. We had reservations and had to move the reservation due to a delay in babysitter, and they were super accomodating. Awesome! We started with the Zucchini corn dogs with green goddess dressing. This was a really cool, well done app. it was literally little pieces of zucchini on a stick in corn dog batter. Super whimsical and a great dish to snack on. wifey jsut had the cheese plate (we DID have a big lunch)  but not me. I saw braised pork neck and I was in. How's this sound. "braised pork neck with hominy, pickled onions, avocado and grilled bread"...if that didn't make your mouth water, I'm pretty sure somewhere you just killed a smurf. And the dish was just as awesome as it sounded. It came in a litle cast iron skillet with a bit of broth. Just super tender meat, great flavor and a melange of textures. I can not wait to go back and get it again, it's the best dish I've had in Phx in a while. We also had a great server, super attentive and on point. all in all, i can easily say that Blue Hound has redeemed itself.
5	I wanted to find a neat place downtown for a friends 30th birthday. I used Yelp's "New and Hot" search in the area and found Blue Hound Kitchen. I liked the menu and location so decided to try as the ratings were good. I was beyond impressed. I have eaten all over the world and in extremely nice restaurants but Blue Hound Kitchen's service was out-of-this-world. I had booked the reservations for 5 through opentable and made a little note about the birthday. They called to confirm and when I spoke about the birthday and dessert possibilities she was very accomodating. I had mentioned also my friend was gluten and dairy free. Upon arriving the staff had not only pulled a menu and highlighted the items upon it that were gluten and dairy free for her but then also had placed a birthday card signed by the entire staff on top! They referred to her by name and really made the whole dinner seem so special! It was almost like dining with family! I was so impressed with this service and cannot even begin to thank them enough for making it such a special evening! If you have special occassions this is the place to celebrate it. The food was fun and tasty (I'm sure most of the other reviews below go into detail on that). It's right across the street from Stand Up Live also so being able to make it a full evening out is also handy. I will definitely be visiting this place again!
3	Drinks: Good. I like the different flavors. It must have been a good bartender cause i felt it was worth my $9. I'd come here just to get a drink anytime.Main Meal: Boyfriend and I got the steaks.  But we both really thought the steaks were just "okay." Not too memorable. The heirloom tomato panzanella topping didn't seem balance out well with the steak flavors or something? Of course the balsamic worked though.
3	The dining space is very well done and true to what one expects in a Kimpton property.  The cocktail menu is diverse and rather notable in its imaginative mixtures.  The wait staff was attentive and informative.  The menu has a wide variety.  And the food is delicious!  The downside to all of this is the cost.  I have never paid so much for so little.  The quality of the fare does not outweigh the sticker shock here.  The best I can do is give this a 3-star rating because of the pricing. 5 teeny-tiny tacos for $15?  And I do mean teeny-tiny.   The KFQuail is fantastic but you 3X more cornbread than quail.  And the gravy is outstanding.  But there is so little of it there (the quail, that is).  And at $17 no less.  Roasted beet salad and a roasted peach salad for $12 each?  There is barely a half-serving in each.  Don't go by their online menu either because it is out of date in regards to what is offered and what is being charged.  Nearly every item is at least $2 more than shown online.  The best value on the menu are the baby zucchini corn dogs.  5 small dishes, 2 drinks and tip left us $100 poorer.  Great food, lousy value.
4	While the first time I came here was a solid 3 stars, the second time was very enjoyable. This time I ordered the cheese board and just like the last time, there were like 3 cheeses, pistachios, another kind of nut, jam, bread, etc. Very good and plentiful. Last time, we ordered the warm mixed nuts that were really good but I couldn't eat too much of it. My husband ordered this pork dish that had hominy, and I don't remember what else but it was freakin awesome. I kept eating out of his skillet. Yum. My $10 specialty cocktail was knock me on my ass strong but good. I gave it to my husband after while because I would have been drunk just off the one. I guess that is a good problem to have. The service was top-notch. She was just the right amount of attentive and did a great job. The decor was bright and modern. I really enjoyed this last experience.
5	The drinks!  The drinks!This place just surpassed Sidebar as my go-to place for fancy-pants cocktails.  The absinthe fizz (gin, absinthe, lime, honey, soda and a HUGE strip of cucumber) might just be the best cocktail I've ever tried. Anywhere. Sadly, it's not included on the happy hour menu.  Get it anyway.Happy hour features select $6 cocktails (the summer smash was, well, a smash) and half-price flatbreads.  My friends noted, however, that the happy hour flatbreads were considerably smaller than the $12 standard we got later that night!Ask for Zack - he's young, he's cute, and, I can't believe I'm putting "best" into one review twice, but he honestly gave the BEST service I've ever received at a restaurant - hustling to get us several rounds before happy hour closed (He even went the extra mile by rounding up an ice bucket so that the last-ditch happy hour beer ($3)  - ordered while a half-full beer sat in front of us - wouldn't get warm!).What a very happy happy hour, indeed.
4	The cocktail menu and HH food are divine.  Now that downtown finally feels like, oh you know a downtown, we needed a new place to hang out other than the butcher and hanny's.  Blue Hound has a great GM, a great mixologist and helpful staff.  They have the classics libations as well as reimagined ones, some even involving scotch.  The lunch specials are enough to put you into a food coma, I will say that dinner here can be challenging if your friends don't like to share food or are looking for more traditional fare.  (I do think they are a little heavy handed with the salt though).  Overall, I'm basically living here and should set up a little office in the corner next to the big community table.  In fact, I just gave myself an idea.Favorite things to eat:  Flatbreads, the caramel corn, the falafal bites, anything on the lunch menu.To drink:  The new Hemingway, the new Cuban, anything with bourbon or scotch in it.It is a weird mix of suits and hipsters.  The upstairs bar is less suity though.
5	Blue Hound blew my mind!I know it has been said 100 times, but this really IS what downtown needs. No more chains or mediocre hotel restaurants - but a classy, unique downtown destination with an honest to goodness "mixologist" running the bar.  They offer a decent sized happy hour menu featuring about 6 of their cocktails at 6 bucks a pop, $3 beers, and $6 flatbreads,. I had a smashing good time with my Summer Smashes and enjoyed tastes of all the well crafted cocktails my friends ordered.  We were even given an ice bucket for a can of beer (classy! Like I said!). The flatbread was so flavorful and rich, even though it was a bit on the small size.  Our waiter, Zack, handled our large party very well and didn't bat an eye when we asked for separate checks. Nicely split sections with a lounge, bar, and restaurant Blue Hound can host a variety of different moods and a cocktail for every occasion!
2	I don't like writing these type of reviews: If only a restaurant would live up to it's decor and menu-writing, Blue Hound would be a hit. Unfortunately, the food and the service didn't live up to the hype. But in response to all of the four and five-star reviews, there needs to be a dose of reality here, folks. Did we eat the same food?Let's start with the good: the restaurant is dazzlingly hip, filled with beautiful people accented by only the most sophisticated lighting, and filled with the energetic buzz that set our expectations high. My first thought? "This will be a home run!"I ate there with a group of foodie friends, all of whom were salivating with excitement to try what appeared to be a innovative and tasty menu. And it's received all this positive press; the media is always right...right?For appetizers, we ordered the Endless Caramel Popcorn (poorly popped kernels seasoned with a non-nuanced avalanche of ancho chile. Where was the butterscotch flavor?) The Tater Tots were underwhelming, and the dip tasted like potato soup out of the can. The Hickman's Farm Deviled Eggs were the one shining moment of the entire meal, with an excellent balance of flavors and textures. I ordered Bob's Indian Red Peaches salad, for my entree, and was surprised with a very scantily-filled rectangular plate containing a small smattering of peaches, marcona almonds, a tidy--and tiny--pile of pepper cress greens and a few tiny lumps of fromage blanc. The peaches were delicious, but overall, it was all presentation and no substance. Also ordered was the Ancho Chile Braised Pork Neck which was a soupy concoction with ...er... no apparent sign of pork in it. For $17, Blue Hound, feel free to include a speck of meat. Just sayin.' When the 4" wide crock of Mac n' Cheese was set down in front of us (mind you--this is considered an "entree") we almost had to giggle at it's diminutive size. Tell me, when one orders mac n' cheese, are they feeling like nibbling on a sample-size portion? I think not. Fail.Hopes always remain high for dessert, so we ordered with gusto: A few cake n' shakes (the Nutella shake was dismal, and the chocolate cake bites tasted on par with Costco bakery goods), Lemon Blueberry Cheese Cakes (or should they be called tubes? The cheesecake was served in a bewildering tube shape, plopped unappetizingly on a bed of granola and blueberries. Not lovely, but odd.), and an order of the most dry, flavorless mound of Carmelized Pineapple Upside Down Cake ever put into my mouth. It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.In summary, if you want to blow a few hundred bucks on a lackluster, mediocre and disappointing meal that pretends to be so much more, the Blue Hound is for you. It's a shame.
2	Okay, I'm a bit shocked with all the rave reviews.  Are you all just so stoked that there's a hip new restaurant/bar in downtown?  For all you non-guests of Blue Hound, don't get all wet yet - here's the truth:Drinks - happy hour is pretty decent I had the Summer Smash at it was tasty!  Loved it.Food - Terrible!  My friend and I just got off work at 5:30 and were planning to head over to the Herberger Theatre for a 7:30 show.  We were hungry and excited to try a new spot.  Out of the recommendation of our waiter, we decided to have a few starters and share an entree.  Our waiter highly recommended the Tater Tots & Sopes.  The Taters are deep fried tots mixed with bacon and chive.  They were a bit salty and not as good as they sounded.  The Sopes were just terrible.  Imagine rubbery silver dollar sized Sopes with the worst tasting pork.  One bite is all it took and I wanted to vomit.  Onto the entree.  We decided to share the Mussels which took about 40 minutes to arrive at our table (no the waiter didn't mention how long it would take even though he knew we were planning to catch a show).  They were "ok", not out of this world.  It came with what was once toasted bread but I think when the toast is black, it's beyond toast, right?  Not impressed.We left hungry and barely made it to our show at the Herberger.  Good news is the Herberger was serving up the most divine brownies that saved the evening! The moral of this story is don't go hungry.  Food sucks but happy hour is pretty decent. It's perfect if you want to chill-lax with colleagues or friends.
2	I'll comment on something that was great first - the decor! Very modern but warm with wood, glass and metal. It's a bit loud, but it was Friday night, so pretty busy. The seating was comfortable, nice looking bar, etc. The the lighting over the bar area was gorgeous. I really wanted to like this restaurant - Phoenix Magazine certainly did...it's on their Top 10 New Restaurants list in the current issue. From the raving review, it sounded great -- so a group of us hopped on the Metro and headed downtown to try it Friday night. To sum it up, Phoenix magazine needs to hire new food critics - this is not one of the top 10 new restaurants in Phoenix this year. The service was mediocre. The waiter forgot 2 dishes, and was irritated because we were trying to figure out who owed what on the bill...while we had our coffee.For appetizers, we had the Tater tots, deviled eggs & the caramel corn for appetizers: The tater tots were very flavorful. The deviled eggs were okay, but not great. Just not spiced well. The caramel corn was really good with the chili pepper and caramel sort of blending together.  The short ribs on a bed of blue cheese grits was really very good, probably the best thing on the menu.  The pork neck was bland. The ceviche was not very chilled, and also tasted bland. The Kale salad was ok, but kinda just a big pile of chopped kale with dressing on it and a few croutons tossed on top. Two people had the mac & cheese and thought it was good, but the serving was really small. The wine I had was pretty good, but they didn't have the one on the menu that I wanted so suggested the wine they'd replaced it with. (only the replacement wine was $12 a glass & the one I'd wanted was $8!)  Several other people had cocktails and they all enjoyed them. So I'm thinking the bar is probably the highlight of this restaurant!Sorry, but Blue Hound is just not even near the top 10 new restaurants.
2	We went to Blue Hound with a group of friends who come together to have a great meal and amazing company.   The ambiance of the place is very cool.  The furniture, decor and lighting were all extremely well done.  The bar area was packed and people were enjoying their drinks and some light appetizers.  The down side in design and construction is that nothing was created to buffer the sound.  I get it, it is Friday night in a trendy restaurant, but the acoustics were an assault on my ears and prevented my friends and I from having any conversations unless we were almost yelling at each other.  We began the meal with drinks and appetizers which were good.  We had tater tots, caramel corn and deviled eggs.  The tots were very good, I really enjoyed the flavor and the accompanying dipping sauce.  The caramel corn was ok, but the spice was a little overwhelming to the point where it was not balancing the sweet... at times I couldnt event really appreciate any of the sweetness.  Lastly the deviled eggs were... well deviled eggs and not as impressive as the deviled eggs I have had at Chelsea's Kitchen.  I am glad our waiter recommended the short ribs with the blue cheese grits, it was probably the single best dish on their entire menu, the rest seemed... eh.  The short rib was absolutely killer, it had a sasperilla glaze on it that was amazing and the meat just fell off of the bone.  I was really happy with my choice as apposed to my dinner mates, probably to their annoyance because I was making a lot of sounds as I engulfed my dish.My wife had macaroni and cheese in the smallest bowl I have ever seen.  I get it, macaroni and cheese can be extremely rich, but it still is macaroni and cheese and you are charging $12 for it, so show me a little love.  Again, I have had better at the chain the Yardhouse with truffle oil and it is all that and more... for about the same price.I did not have dessert, but that is because nothing excited me on the dessert menu and in the back of my head I was thinking I would stop by Churn on the way home for some ice cream and home made caramel sauce (that did not happen, but I thought about it... a lot).  Trying not to sound like a broken record, but service makes or kills a business and I was not impressed by our waiter.  I know we had some challenges with a few of the dishes and at the end of the meal he acted annoyed with us when sorting out the checks.  I don't care how large the group is an what mandatory gratuity is imposed on me on the bill, but I was almost to the point of having that gratuity taken off because of how annoyed our waiter was acting with the group.  Again, I get it, large group, lots of tickets, but to act that annoyed was not called for.  It was brought to my attention that this restaurant made the 10 best new places to eat in Phoenix by Phoenix Magazine and I really take issue with their judgement.  Phoenix Magazine assigning that type of status to this restaurant really calls into question their credibility as a publication.  Maybe they were dazzled by the trendy atmosphere, but I am more about substance than style and Blue Hound does not meet any criteria of being considered the best of anything. Blue Hound is not the worst place I have ever been to, but it is one of the most mediocre places I have been to.  I find Phoenix Magazine calling this place one of the 10 new best of places to be offensive to the efforts of other area restaurants much more deserving of that designation.Overall I was glad that we gave it a go, but it is not a place that I would go out of my way to go again.  My dish was really good... REALLY good... but if I went again I would wonder what else I might try and from what I saw I don't know if I would be that interested in any of the other offerings.
1	We came here for a birthday party with an area that was reserved. The restaurant knew we were coming and expected a large cocktailing crowd. The problem was management only placed one cocktail server in this area and she was not well trained on service. We sat down and ordered a btl of wine, a beer, and two appetizers. The food arrived with no napkins or silverware. The bottle of wine arrived 15 mins after the food with no bucket of ice. The beer never arrived. I finally scolded the server and she brought a beer, but never brought out napkins, a manager never came and asked us if everything was ok, the food runner was the only person responsive. The food was ok but the service was pitiful! I ran several high end restaurants in NYC and would have been fired if I ran a restaurant like this place even for one night. If they do not get their act together it will be closed shortly! I won't go back!
4	I went here with a group of friends for a Sunday breakfast a few weekends ago and it was a pleasant experience. We had to wait a bit for everyone to show up and there was ample, comfortable seating especially as this is connected to the hotel right next to it. The decor is very trendy and modern with a mish-mash of great furniture the comes of looking lovely. The selection for breakfast was a nice variation and everyone seemed to enjoy what they got. It is a bit pricey here, for example a small glass of apple juice was abut $4 but personally that's why I just stick to water wherever I go. Our waitress did seem a bit scatter-brained but the service was good. I don't normally get a chance to try out places in downtown Phoenix so I'm glad our friends suggested this place. If I had a chance to go here again I wouldn't hesitate.
4	Thank you, Kimpton, for bringing a classy bar, an urban vibe and truly outstanding cocktails to downtown Phoenix. God knows we needed it. The bar space is what I would call rustic chic with a wood-based design foundation accented with glam/shiny touches. While there is plenty of seating at the fairly large bar, there is also a fantastic long community table parallel to the bar. The service has been very good so far, with friendly bartenders and servers who are pretty prompt in delivering the drinks, which is no small feat given that each one is handcrafted and unique. Some of the smaller touches really make the drinking experience standout - from the larger block ice cubes to the daily fruit-infused water, this is definitely the place to quench your thirst and get your buzz on. Many of the drinks are outstanding, but I definitely recommend the Brown Derby (bourbon-based), Queen's Park Swizzle (rum-based) and the Rising Sun (tequila-based). But, of course, many of the others are good too, and you know I've never met an adult beverage I didn't like! I definitely enjoy the food at Blue Hound as well (the zucchini corn dogs are awesome), but I think the menu is a little light on vegetarian selections. I wish that dishes like the cheddar biscuits and mac and cheese didn't come with bacon and ham automatically or could be made without them. This little thing aside, though, Blue Hound is a wonderful - and important - addition to downtown Phoenix and I say "welcome"!
2	The best this place has to offer is its atmosphere -- it's sumptuous, perfectly lit, calming. We went there last night with friends for Arizona Restaurant Week, excited to try out one of the new kids in town. The evening, though, started out poorly with a "Have you been here before?" question from the server as the first words out of his mouth. Why ask? Is he going to treat us differently depending on our answer? We then mentioned that we were there for the Restaurant Week experience. Obviously not hearing us, he proceeded to tell us all about the #1 selling items on the regular menu, including the Kobe beef. "I don't eat beef," two of us said, which he ignored, and kept on talking. Is management making this chap say all these things or is this his choice to up our bill and his tip? If you're only going to talk about the #1 selling item on your menu... in all categories... why bother having several options in each category available? Look, I can read and can afford to eat there. I've eaten at restaurants on 5 continents. I know what I'm doing. Let me read the menu in peace, ask questions if I've got them, and order what I want, despite it's #1 or #7 best-selling status. This is why I go out to dinner.Lastly, while the food was good, they have the nerve to charge $13 for the tiniest martini I've probably ever seen. Mehhhh....
4	The food was certainly good. I really like the South meets Southwest concept. The dining room and bar are pretty small, so the atmosphere is lively even if there are only a few tables occupied and a few guests at the bar. I think its a really good idea to offer most dishes in a small or standard size - perfect for sharing and portion control. The service is still a work in progress, I believe. Its a new restaurant, so its still getting into the swing of things. We saw Chef Stephen Jones working in the kitchen and I thought that it was cool that he was there personally overseeing the kitchen. We tried the highly recommended Kentucky Fried Quail and the Tater-tots. The quail was delicious! But all of the accompaniment were a little bland I thought. Overall the food was innovative and delicious- but somehow a little less than what I expected from "one of the best new restaurants in Phoenix."
4	I agree with another poster who loved the urban vibe of this restaurant/bar. What a cool place! We had a reservation and were seated immediately. Once seated, we waited for a while for service. I flagged down the manager, and a server came over immediately. The drink menu is extensive with over 30 specialty drinks, so I decided to forgo my usual beer for a fancy beverage, a Absinthe Fizz. My husband stuck with a glass of Pino. When our drinks arrived, mine was frothy and delicious! I highly recommend trying this drink if you want something refreshing but not froo froo. We order the tater tots as an appetizer, per a suggestion from a Kimpton sales rep my husband met through work. I ordered the Yellowfin Tuna Carpaccio and my husband ordered the Kentucky Fried Quail. The tots were wonderful, but I really didn't get the sauce. It was cold and did not have much flavor. Our food arrived while we were working on our appetizer. The entrees were excellent! Portions are small, but were fine for a light dinner. We actually went across the street to Copper Blues for a drink, then we returned to Blue Hound for a nightcap. We ended up sitting in a cozy booth by the bar upon our return. We ordered the Mac N Cheese to split and Tommy's Margarita. The Mac N Cheese was wonderful, but the portion was quite small. On the flip side, the prices are super reasonable, so if you are really hungry, order 2 appetizers with your meal. A couple of kinks, which is to be expected when you choose to dine at a new restaurant.  There were many items on the menu I wanted to try, so we will definitely return!
4	very nice vibe and setting... very friendly staff and knowledgeable of the menu. four of us ordered 7 dishes plus dessert, everything to share tapas style. love the unlimited warm nuts.., the peach salad is also quite excellent. sweet and fresh. the mussels are our favorite of the night. very nice flavor, saffron adds depth and beautiful color to the dish. make sure you ask for extra bread to dip in that delicious broth! not very impressed by the scallop ceviche taco... the taco shell was too big and thick proportionally. wish there were more ceviche in the taco and had more juice in it. the Kentucky quail is okay. was imagining it to be a whole one. the pineapple upside down cake is the bomb! definitely try it!
1	Had high hopes, but we were very disappointed in Blue Hound.My husband treated me to VIP tickets for Train at Comerica so I treated him to dinner prior to the show....so wanted this place to be great.Our creds: late 30's executives...DINK's so we enjoy fine dining often. Favorite Gastro-pub in Valley: Citizen Public House Scottsdale...also love Cowboy Caio in Scottsdale.Pros:- walking distance to downtown venues- industrial chic decor- best cocktail menu I have ever seenCons:- Ironically, the food. Appetizers: pork bellies and cheddar biscuit apps. Pork bellies...we KNOW pork bellies...all over foodie menus across town...these were like rubber bacon. If you want fantastic pork bellies, go to Citizen Public House or Arrogant Butcher. Cheddar biscuits were good but nothing interesting. Dinner: husband had pork neck..it was nice looking but very ordinary and bland. I had Fried Quail...it was yummy...tasted exactly like KFC...came with cold corn bread, cold gravy and precisely 5 cold beans...could not taste the foie gras in the cornbread. Husband asked for bread to have with his pork neck soup...server said they didn't have bread but he would ask the kitchen...he came back with 2 tiny crostinis in a soup bowl...dry, tasteless, odd.- The service. Hostess (on 9/30 at 5pm) tried to seat us in an almost empty dining room at the one table right next to the table bussing station. REALLY? We asked for another table and she said we can't have any other table because she had to save those for groups of 4...completely understood so we took a table in a far corner. 5 minutes later she sat a couple at the 4-up...she was also unfriendly and didn't seem to want to be there. Our server was blah and wasn't at all passionate about the menu options...Servers at Arrogant Butcher are awesome!In closing...if you want a fantastic foodie meal in downtown, go to Arrogant Butcher...if you are in Scottsdale, go to Citizen Public House..ENJOY!
3	Downtown Phoenix is certainly in need of trendy restaurants like the Blue Hound. It has an industrial meets urban-chic-trendy type of atmosphere. There are chandeliers in cages, plank floors and rustic wood tables - and it all works nicely together. That said, there is nothing to help absorb sound so it can get quite loud quickly and difficult to carry on a conversation in a normal tone of voice.The service was excellent so whatever kinks other reviewers have mentioned were certainly not apparent the evening we were there. Our servers was extremely knowledgable about the menu items, but also about the cocktails. She was attentive but didn't smother us, and she wanted to make sure we were happy with what we ordered.Some have described the menu as "southern" cuisine, which I don't get. Just because there are grits on the menu doesn't make it southern. The menu is innovative and creative - perhaps a bit too much so. The food we had was good - but be prepared for very small portions overall, and fairly high prices. We started out with the pulled pork sliders on a white corn johnnycake. The pork was extremely flavorful but the johnnycake just wasn't substantial to support it. These sliders have to be eaten with a fork, and the pork fell off the johnnycake so it was difficult to get both the pork and cake in one bite. Entrees: the mac & cheese ($11) came in a very small cast iron cassoulet. Good, but more appetizer size than entree. Again, the portion size of the Alaskan Cod was small. Nicely presented, but it looked very lonely on the plate. The Plum Tomato flatbread was unispiring, lacking character and flavor. Very little basil. Steer clear of that option. The best entree was the Porterhouse Pork Chop. This was a good-sized portion, cooked perfectly and the confit was excellent. Desserts: the Sticky Toffee bread pudding with bacon ice cream was dry and not flavorful - very disappointing. The Carmelized Pineapple Upside Down cake was excellent.The food was good - not outstanding - and high priced for the portion size. Great place for visitors to the Valley, and maybe business lunches. Glad we tried it but I doubt if we'll return. We just weren't that impressed.
2	Don't bother unless you happen to be down there with money to burn.  I have to say--that after you find the place--the look of the space is wonderful and I could see sitting and having a drink--but for the money I will go someplace else.  I made a reservation--we did not arrive together --even though other than the bar, the place was empty--they initially sat us at two different tables--i also got an email from Open Table saying the reservation had been cancelled--which I assume means that they didn't think we showed up--even though they sat the party twice.  on to the food--the food is overpriced, small portions and underwhelming.  we started with a little, tiny bowl of mac and cheese--there are so many places in town that have taken this to an art form--this place isn't one of them.  two friends got one of the salads and didn't even finish it even though they split because it wasn't very good.  one friend ordered the chicken fried chicken sliders which they serve  on this little wooden platter--why?  they were messy and pieces of chicken were falling to the table.  I had the scallops and they were just okay--but certainly not worth the price.on to the service--to many servers too much time --at one point there were five people providing service and at other times you could have bowled in the place and not hit a server--service was off and on and did not lend anything to the meal.i probably won't be back--there are so many other places to go --that have really good food, great service and prices that don't make you feel liked someone just picked your pocket.
4	Great restaurant located in downtown Phoenix. Close walking distance to local sports and other great bars/restaurants. The Blue Hound has a nice, relaxing atmosphere and a menu that puts spins on some classic ingredients. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a different menu in the downtown area.
3	When I saw the name of this establishment, Blue Hound, I couldn't help but thing of the paintings of George Rodrigue, who is from Louisiana and in fact, this downtown based eatery has a distinctive New Orleans feel with its focus on cocktails (according to drinking lore the Big Easy is where the first cocktail, the Sazerac, was reportedly developed), and its Southern friendly food such as bone-in Kobe beef short ribs and grits and Kentucky fried quail with cornbread, red beans and gravy. At the same time the decor and the initial impression was like walking into a bar as good as any as one might find in New York City, this place has cool atmosphere in spades and just for that it is worth a visit.I was going to to the opera (for the first time, yep, an opera virgin, who would have thought!) with some friends so we picked this place to eat at first. I had ridden the light rail from Tempe and you get off the stop at Washington and Central and literally, you are right there, so this place is extremely light rail friendly. You go to the building on the corner of Jefferson and Central and up to the 2nd floor, turn to your right and you are there! The opening leads into a long bar and the best part of this place, which is the cocktails. They must have a cocktail ice machine because the ice cubes are huge and perfect for drinks like the old fashioned as they keep the liquor cold but don't water down the drink and the old fashioned, I got it for the happy hour price of $6 and that is great deal. They have a whole book of cocktails and I haven't seen anything like this since I was in San Francisco earlier this year, which is sort of a cocktail renaissance mecca.  From what I saw Blue Hound can hold its own. If you just want to come for cocktails - 5 startsDinner, well, they seem to be trying but needs some work. It was noted that we needed to get the opera by 7:30 but the waiter seemed a bit aimless at times relative to keeping us on schedule and one of my dining companions was quite concerned that we would not have time to finis the meal. Luckily, there was a wonderful young lady who checked on us, and got our orders taken so that helped keep things running smoothly. For an appetizer, we had the duck confit flat-bread which came out wonderful hot and topped with arugula and green apple diced through a mandolin, it was delicious though two of my dining companions felt it needed more confit. We then did a salad and vegetable and i had a small dish of roasted cauliflower with pistachios, capers, and brown butter, and I thought it was quite good though I would have liked the cauliflower a little more roasted but nice - at this point, a solid 4 stars. As for the meals, three of us ordered the Kentucky fried quail and while it was okay, it did not come hot, the fried quail was room temperature, the gravy was not all that warm and the cornbread, almost cold and it was little bland. It was the blah part of my meal. Another person had scallops and though large and cooked perfectly she noted they needed some sort of sauce, also a bland dish. Finally, one person got the Kobe bone in rib, the half order, with the blue cheese grits, now that came out hot and it was good - so at this point - because of the slower than expected service from the primary waiter, and the fact that the main dish was blah - the overall agreement by my group of five (mixed group, men and women), was a solid 3 stars though if you just came for cocktails and appetizers (and they have a good list of starters) then we would rate it a solid 4 starts with 5 star potentials if they work on the operational workflow of the kitchen to get the food out hot.Oh, one final point, I could not figure out how to work  the salt and pepper shakers, the waiters might want to point out how those work. Bottom line, I probably won't go back for a full meal here but I will come back in a heartbeat for the wonderful cocktail and drink selection and the small plates, which may be the way to go. In my mind, this is about the closest  thing to a cool cocktail bar, like you might find in New York or San Francisco, that one is going to find and the location off of the light rail and big events in downtown Phoenix can't be beat and yes, I'm already looking forward to my next old fashioned at the bar!
3	I was staying at the Palomar off-season and spent most of my time here at the bar, sauntering in after one activity or another and only had apps to eat. Also knew one of the cocktail servers.  Fantastic cocktail bar with an antique concoctions menu and bartenders who know how to make old school drinks, bartenders were friendly and knew a lot about their trade, tools and drinks which was both educational and unusual.  Place is a bit pricey for what I think you get but it is a Kimpton hotel bar so.  As a hotel bar it did the trick, neither amazed nor dissapointed.
4	Holiday gathering with family and friends.  We hit Blue Hound before we went to Lucky Strike - great combination. Drinks at BH was second to none (lemonade and Jack, ahhhh).  We sat at the bar first: bartenders were helpful and went out of their way to create the drink we wanted. Fantastic.  We sat inside (must say the patio looked off the hook) and enjoyed ordering 7-8 appetizers to share among all.  I think the appetizers are comparable to the entrees as far as variety.  Not sure the waiter was too happy about a table ordering just appetizers - but oh well, we are the patrons, right ??  Definitely be back.  One more thing that was great - they validated parking in the underground garage.  Yes!!  No nickel and dimming here....
3	I really really wanted to love this place but I just can't give it more than 3 stars.  I shouldnt have been so surprised for the cost of my meal but I have to say - I left the restaurant with buyer's remorse - I paid that for that?  The tater tots had such potential but needed a bit of something more. And I was disappointed with the Mac and Cheese portion and again the perception that something was missing to really take this dish over the top.  My husband loved his hamburger.  Tip:  If you are gloing to be known for your cocktails, please make sure you have the ingredients in stock.
5	The drink I had was named The Darkness, in it was some kind of lavender infused something or other, egg white and about six other ingredients of unknown name and origin. And the bartender who suggested it was neither pompous nor pretentious. This is the type of bar I would go to in New York City on a daily basis, but not tell anyone about because it's that good. I don't really want anyone to actually come here,  thus making it too busy to enjoy. The drink menu is extensive and changes seasonally. Almost every cocktail is $10, which is insanely inexpensive considering the craft and talent and quality they are made with. They also offer food late night, I think the comestibles are available until 1am? The decor of this place is so perfect it's ridiculous. It plays off Hotel Palomar perfectly with a little bit of a ranch style with mod touches and who knows what else. It's impossible to describe and impossible not to fall in love with. Why am I not here right now?
4	This place hit all my bullet points. I loved the decor right off the bat, and we were greeted with a friendly host--great first impression. Our server was incredibly helpful in recommending drinks (I chose The Darkness and would absolutely order it again). We started with the endless butterscotch chile popcorn (because how could you not?), and had a hard time selecting entrees because they all looked so delicious. I chose a half order of the beef short ribs with grits and a side of french fries, and my friend opted for a shot (yes, they offer shots, cups, and bowls of soup--genius) of their yummy cauliflower soup and a half order of the pork belly. I enjoyed both of our choices immensely, and next time I will think ahead and not fill up on the popcorn to save room for dessert.I will definitely be returning. The great service and food was well worth it. The only advice I can give is to park underground at Cityscape (they will validate in the restaurant), and make sure you go to the second floor to find the restaurant.
2	We were very underwelmed. I had reserveration @ 7pm for 4, were seated and waited 20 minutes before someone came over and served us water and said I'll be back to get your drink order.  Another 5 minutes the assistant manager came over and started apologizing that someone would help us soon.  My husband was getting upset so she just ran got a pen and took our drink orders.  We ordered our food which was ok, we did have the couple appetizier then short ribs (good) but our califlower came out 10 minutes after we were served our ribs. Wouldn't recommend, wouldn't go back.  This was our second visit, the first time was much better.
1	My girlfriend wanted to celebrate her birthday here and made dinner reservations for a party of 20.  Upon arriving to the restaurant, she discovered that they had reserved the front lounge area, which was a nice area, but with coffee tables and couches, not conducive to a sit-down dinner.  I wasn't privy to all of the conversations that went on between her and the manager but there was a pretty serious miscommunication about whether we were having dinner or just drinks and appetizers.  Meanwhile, the group is gathering in the lobby/lounge area which would have been a really fantastic time to send a server over for drink orders.  Nope.  Nothing.  A large group with cash?  Really?  Really.  They let us stand there aimlessly until the manager called a neighboring restaurant to see if they could accommodate us.  (And I know most of us were a little bewildered dealing with the Esher-esque parking situation and could have really used a drink.  The decor was cute and the menu was interesting but the lack of customer service was so off-putting that we will not likely end up here intentionally.
4	The Blue Hound at the hip and stylish Palomar Hotel made me howl with happiness.  Will you have to drop some significant green at The Blue?  Sure. But the service on the night I visited was pristine and attentive.  Presentation fantastic.  Interesting mixture of colors, flavors, and textures all around.  I will say that the roast cauliflower appetizer was a tad too undercooked for my taste, but the combination with pistachios and raisins was an nice blend of flavors.  If you're looking for a delightfully swanky downtown dinner and cocktail spot, this place is it.
3	I was prepared to like the place.  The atmosphere was great, busy urban vibe, views of Cityscape (the ice skating helped), very different than the normal for a Valley restaurant.  The liquor choice were impressive, but the martinis were skimpy.  The service was spotty, at times a bit intrusive, at others, hard to find the waiter.  We sampled two appetizers.  The pulled pork johnny cakes were wonderful, the tater tots  not so much (they were more like hush puppies in texture).  I had the BBQ'D Kobe Beef Short Ribs for the entree and my dining companion had the New England Diver Scallops.  The ribs were quite tasty and went well with the bleu cheese grits, but were a bit fatty.  The scallops were a tad too salty and had some grit or shell.  Willing to try the place again because we enjoyed the environment, and this is a decent achievement for a downtown restaurant in a hotel, but there is room for improvement.
4	I'm only going to review the breakfast because that was the only meal we ate here. We ate breakfast twice. Stayed at the hotel a couple of nights and this place was most convenient for breakfast without leaving the hotel. It's a little pricey for breakfast but it's a nice treat when you're on vacation. It's on the 2nd floor of the Hotel Palomar Cityscape. It's quiet, not many people were eating and the server was wonderful. Eggs benedict was great (generous hollandaise sauce), so was denver omelet and regular fried eggs if you want a hot breakfast. I liked the bagels and smoked salmon if you're into a cold plate. Coffee was strong, orange juice was fresh squeezed and the morning ambience was quiet and relaxed. We sat near the window and watched the city wake up. I have no complaints about the food or service. We'll probably try dinner here one day soon. Hopefully it's as great as breakfast.
1	Awful service and marginal food at best. Way over cooked.That said, it's a lovely setting with immense, but unfulfilled, potential.The outdoor patio and tater tots were the highlight of a marginal experience.
5	Listen, don't be fooled by those weak stars you see up there, this is no 3 star place. The food is absolutely BOMB! My goodness!First exposure to this place was at the Best Of Phoenix event at the Science Center, back in October. There they were serving a duck pate that was soo good I went back 3 times. I couldn't wait to get my hands on it again, but since then they've taken it off the menu, apparently people didn't order it enough. Well "people" have bad taste because that pate was incredible. Tonight, at the suggestion of a new friend's tweet (Proof: https://twitter.com/GPJFF/status/280127623324123137) I ordered the Kentucky Fried Quail and it was UH-mazing, especially that scrumptious gravy with the red beans.  My friends ordered the Prosciutto Flatbread (the pesto on it is soooo gooood!!) and the Short Rib (it's huge! He got a half order and couldn't finish it, even with sharing). We started with the Tater Tots with that really nice harissa (sp?) sauce, which I had never had before, and the Pulled Pork johnny cakes. What topped it all off though, were the incredibly rich desserts. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so I never get dessert when I go out, but dang! The Doughnut Holes and that xocolatl (sp?) sauce just put me over the moon! Sooo good! Also, the Bread Pudding was cruciallll with the bacon ice cream? Bomb. So, so bomb. Nuff said, I'm coming back. I miss it already. Mmmmmmm
5	The perfect first date in downtown Phoenix.Went here with two sorority sisters after seeing The Nutcracker at Symphony Hall. It was a late dinner for a Sunday night. I ordered Tommy's Margarita and they each got a glass of red wine and sparkling champayne. The entrance to this place (located in/near City Scape) is so stunning. The waiting area has these lush, new age couches and exterior decor on the walls as wall art. It's very cool to see. We were escorted to the back dining room near the patio (which overlooks city scape and all of downtown PHX, yeah it is as amazing as you're thinking) past the bar area and group seating tables. I ordered the endless caramel popcorn for the table and it was such a surprise! Infused with a chile pepper, this was not your mama's caramel popcorn for sure. My sisters ordered the mushroom soup and a kale leaf caesar salad. Both had very high remarks.For dinner we orded the New England scallops, another kale salad and duck flatbread. I can't speak for them but everything was fantastic! The scallops were so soft and had a plate of seasoned tomatoes and gac under. That made the flavor explode in your mouth.I would totally go back here for pre-show drinks and apps. Or even on a date. It's so great.
3	A fine choice in a hotel. Decent food. Good service.
2	Over priced, food was not anything special, bad service.Does have good atomosphere, that is about it
1	NYE, we attended the Lustre Bar Winter Wonderland NYE party.  We couldn't get a drink at the bar due to stressed out waitresses and a very crowded bar.  So we went downstairs for a drink at 12:30.  We were told that they already had last call and they were'nt making any more drinks!  Seriously, it's New Year's Eve! Plus the staff was rude and ignored people and talked to people they knew.  Really bad customer service especially if you wanted to impress guests and keep they're interest.  Blue Hound, you didn't succeed.  Hope you try better in the future.
4	Before a Suns game recently, my Family and I stopped into Blue Hound for some drinks and appetizers.  We attempted to go to Arrogant Butcher (been there many times), but it was packed.  Having heard good things from another family member, we decided to give Blue Hound a try, and I'm glad we did.  The inside decor is trendy and simple.  We sat at the couch by the door (since that was what was available) and were quite comfortable - except for the occasional draft from the door.  Our waitress was ok, she wasn't entirely too friendly, but she took care of our needs.As for the food, we ordered pretty much all the appetizers.  The biggest highlight was the scones with bacon jam.  In fact, it was so good, it's inspired me to make these two things at home to see if I can replicate it.  We also had the popcorn, which was good and the sliders, which were alright.  The pizza with duck was great (could have been crisper) as was the other items we had.Based on the previous reviews it seems this place, being new, might be hit or miss.  I'd say give it a try if you're in the area... why not?  Trust me, it's worth a visit for the cheddar scallion scones with bacon jam!
3	I agree with some of my fellow Yelpers that have stated that this place still needs a little work.  I came here with 4 other people on a Saturday night and it was packed, which is always a good thing to see.  We got seated and glanced over the menu.  Our waiter came over and poured us water while we looked over the wine list.  His first mistake was that he didn't fill up our glasses of water all the way and didn't come back right away to refill the water glasses.We ordered a bottle of wine and while we waited for it, the manager came over and told us that we would have to wait a little longer because they didn't have the particular wine we ordered chilled.  I guess that is not a big deal but we should have been asked if we wanted more water or a different kind of beverage.We ordered some appetizers and still looked over the menu for our entrees.  The menu is not overly extensive and it really appeals to someone that likes to try new and inventive foods together. The tater tots we ordered were really good.  I would totally recommend that.  Finally our bottle of wine arrived after being chilled for about 15 minutes.The dinner portions are really big.  I had the flat bread pizza, my sister had the sliders, and my bf had a fish dish.  The flavors were all really good.  Our waiter really didn't check up on us.  He maybe came over once in the entire time that we were in process from the appetizers to the entrees.  At this point we had ordered another bottle of wine and were enjoying the food and the conversation.  We stayed a long time and also ordered dessert which we had to order from the manager because our original waiter was not anywhere to be seen.  The desserts were great but I would recommend to order one and share as it was enough to share with 4 people.As we were ready to get our check, the waiter magically appeared and left us with our bill.  We had a $300 credit from an event we had held there earlier and our will was a little over $300.  The waiter acted like we were not going to live a tip based on the entire bill because he was hovering over us as we were paying the bill and stood there and looked at us until we got up to leave.  All in all the food is good.  I think it is a place you can go once but it would not be on my list of places to return to.  I would definitely work on the service and make sure the waiters know what they are doing and make sure they are attentive.  The food can be the best but the service is what makes a customer want to return to have the delicious food.
5	Very simple, elegant and de'lish
2	I've frequented Blue Hound Kitchen for many fantastic cocktails for happy hour. Their drinks are great. I was also under the impression that their fries were phenomenal, but I need to emphasize that the happy hour and dinner fries are phenomenal. They're actually what the menu described: thick cut, rosemary, Parmesan delights--perfectly crunchy outsides; soft, fluffy insides. However, if you go during lunch, you'll receive flimsy, salty shoestring fries. A disappointing fact I learned when seven coworkers and I decided to give Blue Hound a try for lunch. Do not try Blue Hound for lunch. Besides the sad fries (which the server took off our bill because of our resounding disappointment), the black quinoa salad was not made with black quinoa and it didn't appear to be much of a salad, more like a pilaf. It was also one of the blandest things I've ever had. And at the meal's end, the server tried to charge $10 per quinoa salad when the menu listed it at $9.The piquillo pepper sandwich was just all right. The Chex mix appetizer lacked any Chex, and the pickled vegetables were less pickled and more just doused in vinegar. Other people at the table enjoyed the bison jerky and their oh-so-juicy looking burgers, but overall the vibe was "meh." Their lunch special (two mini apps, salad, and sandwich for two people to split for $11/person) is a good deal. But even at that price, I was not blown away by the food. I would've hulk smashed something had I paid full price for anything. In short, the sad (and subsequently free) lunch fries were the best part of the meal. That's not good.P.S. My friend wants me to mention that the bartender Dante is a great guy and should not in any way be related to this poor review.
2	Two stars.  Because, I really have had better.  A group of my foodie friends and I met up here in order to sort out the deets of our upcoming podcast.  The dude who made our reservation made it for four instead of five, so it took us a little while to get a table.  Not that big of a deal to me, especially since said dude bought a bottle of wine for the group to share.  At long last we were taken to our table.  Our group nestled in to our cozy booth and perused the menu.  I already knew there wasn't much for me to eat there, as I had checked their menu online.  My cohorts ordered some appetizers: tater tots and deviled eggs.  Both dishes looked good, and everyone seemed pleased.The service began to get a little shotty at this point. It took a while to get waters to the table and there weren't any napkins or silverware at the table until we asked for some (after the appetizers were delivered).  Two of my friends ordered appetizer salads/soups which didn't come until the entrees came.  Salad friend ordered with no walnuts, he is allergic, but it came full o' nuts. Soup friend was presented soup and no spoon.  Soup friend also ordered several items and was told that they were out (which I can understand, given that there was a Suns game that night), when plates were dropped at the table servers were VERY quick to disappear, leaving us to literally have to yell after them for the missing stuff/refills. As for my meal, I ordered the Citrus Marinated Olives and the Chicory Salad.  I let the server know of my vegan/gluten-freeness and he was helpful and accommodating.  The others seemed divided on their meals.  Lots of meat, that's all I can remember of what they had haha.  Eventually, the manager came to the table to apologize for all of the little mishaps and said a round of drinks was on the house. Fine by me, I thoroughly enjoyed my Tito's gimlet, thank you!  Then the executive Chef came out to apologize as well.  It was a nice touch.All in all, I might give them a second try, but with all of the great places out there, Blue Hound might want to step up their game.
3	Stopped in here last weekend for a quick drink and a bite.  It was very busy for an early evening Saturday night.  We sat at the table in chairs in the lobby area but the decor was very nice, so it was still a nice experience.My friends and I split - ...Deviled Eggs - They were fine, not the best restaurant deviled eggs I've had.  I would probably skip them next time....Tater Tots - These were great.  Came out very hot from the kitchen, so be careful biting into them, but awesome....Cheddar Scallion Biscuits - Best thing we ordered.  Bacon jam is amazing, enough said.  :)I will like to go back and try more dishes when we have more time.
4	Finally a bar in Phoenix that understand mixology! Great drinks!  Bar staff is friendly and atmosphere is great!
4	I have always enjoyed Happy Hours with friends at Hotel Palomar's Lustre Bar so it was time to try the Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails. A friend that lives in Downtown Phoenix invited me this morning for breakfast and I accepted. For me, it's always fun to head downtown for a bit of 'Metro' fun -- there's nothing like the noises of downtown City life. Back to BHK&C, I love the decor and that it's located in the hotel lobby. We decided to try the Brioche French Toast & Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. Both were tasty and portions were just right. & Coffee was delish! Service was outstanding. I look forward to an evening Dinner here. Oh my...their Happy Hour fries would be ideal right about now! Cheers***
1	We went to the Blue Hound during Phoenix's Mardi Gras festival. Surprisingly the bar area was practically empty. There was a wedding party of approximately 8 people getting their picture taken at the bar while lifting champagne flutes but other than that the place was empty. Two bartenders were at the bar, I won't say working the bar as every open space at the bar (all seats except where the wedding party was) was cluttered with detritus from the previous patron and the bartenders were not doing anything but chatting with the wedding party. We stood at the bar (no one near us for ten feet to a side) yet were firmly ignored for 5 minutes. I guess they must have a different revenue stream than customers as they sure lost two that day. We went to Tom's Tavern across the street and had some great cocktails. I understand difficulty in getting service at a crowded bar, but come on, two customers at an empty bar and you never even greet them...
3	Blue Hound.  Oh how I want to love you.  I've stayed at the Palomar in San Francisco and was so excited they built one here.  I figured the Blue Hound had to be awesome.  The decor is what I expected.  Super hip with a floor to ceiling windows that gave us a great view of CityScape from our table.  The menu is very intriguing with items such as fried quail, cheddar scallion biscuits, and Kobe beef short ribs.  All of those items were fairly tasty as well.  The short ribs were a little difficult to eat and I think they were cooked a little too long.  The service needs work.  We wanted to get a bottle of wine and asked our server for a recommendation.  I understand he was no sommelier, but figured he'd have some knowledge on their offerings.  I let him know my tastes and said I normally get chardonnay, but would like to try something new and would like to hear what he recommended.  He said if we like chardonnay, get chardonnay.  Mmmmmmmkay.  So much for trying something new.  I am allergic to eggs and asked him if the fried quail was dipped in an egg wash before frying.  He replied by saying he had no idea things were dipped in egg before frying and that he learned something new.  I like to go to restaurants to try new things and trust the servers know more about the menu than I do and can assist me in finding the right options.  I got the impression that servers here are just order takers and food runners.  I recommend a little training on the menu items for the servers.  This was my second time at Blue Hound.  The first time we sat at a table in the lounge area for 10 minutes and was never addressed so left.  The food was not memorable enough to overlook the lackluster service.  I was invited to a birthday there recently and opted to meet the group after they left.  They let me know the service was terrible again.  It's a shame.  If the employee vibe was elevated, this could be a great spot to hang out at while downtown.
5	O.M.G!!! The lemon ricotta pancakes are outstanding!!!
5	OMG my friend albert loves this place. He says its the bomb diggity fo shizzle. If you go to downtown phoenix and can only do one thing you better go to the blue hound. Peace out yo!!!Btw! Theres a pool that they people jump into every monday night. Geronimo!!
2	Brunch was very disappointing, cocktails were mediocre, and there was just no atmosphere with the total of 3 people in this restaurant. Food was just average, not worth the pain of parking at this place. Does not validate and valet is $12.
4	Good food and great service! We stopped in about 1/2 hour before the kitchen was going to close.  The menu was really intriguing, and set up so that you can order and share small plates.  We enjoyed the Kale Caesar, Roasted Cauliflower, and a flat bread.  We also had a delicious Chocolate Creme Brulee for dessert.  The atmosphere is really appealing and our waiter was helpful and friendly. We'd definitely go here again!
4	What a nice little place, I really must say I liked it!Very nice looking place, with great customer service.I loved the scotch, over one large ice cube. Perfect for me.Happy Hour was a nice end to a rough day.A little hard to find parking in the downtown area here.However, it is quite a busy place,so I guess that is why.I had no idea downtown was jamming like this!
2	Great food, but the service wasn't good enough to make up for the rude, slow service!
5	The best happy hour in downtown Phoenix.  The cocktails are delicious, the staff is eye candy, the crowd is... a little stuck up at times but that's their problem, not mine.  My Friday night's usually start here and end at Hanny's for dinner and that is the recipe for a perfect end to a work week.
5	As with all our reviews, we rate Food, Atmosphere and Service.Blue Hound nails it on all fronts. The food is unique - I've never even seen most of these dishes on any other menu - and ranged from good to "Oh My Gawd This Is Amazing!" The bar is stocked with a terrific range of spirits with a particular emphasis on small batch American liquors. The atmosphere is inviting with lots of comfortable seating and a good size bar to sit or stand around. The restaurant is located in the Palomar Hotel and - in keeping with the general vibe of an upscale/downtown hotel - has high ceilings, lots of wood and glass and a modern-but-not-too-trendy decor. It's a very nice place for a date or an evening with friends. The service was terrific. We sat at the bar and our bartender Jesse, who was quite knowledgeable,  kept us hydrated without interjecting himself into our evening. Cheyenne - who is, I believe, the Food & Beverage Manager - dropped by and talked with us, sharing her experience in the food industry in Phoenix. Cheyenne has been at Blue Hound since its opening and has a great sense of downtown Phoenix history of the hotel/restaurant industry. She's quite an asset to the Blue Hound.We had the privilege of meeting Executive Chef Stephen Jones who personally delivered some of our menu items. This guy is good. He's created a menu that's a combo of southern-home cookin' "Comfort food with a grown-up flavor palate" and Asian fusion that doesn't exist anywhere else in the valley.  Chef Jones is a kind, generous and wonderful host who is quick with a smile and knows how to entice your adventurous side, delivering on all aspects of a dish. Food should taste as good as it looks and it does so here at Blue Hound.  Chef Jones does that and more; he's got a flair for the unexpected and a terrific flavor sense. Tater tots are not just simply Tater tots. Deviled Eggs are not simply eggs and Cheddar Biscuits are not just biscuits.  Downtown Phoenix needs more places like this to elevate the flavor palate environment in order to become a "go to" destination,  Blue Hound is doing it's part, others need to join. The Food: if it seems like we ate a lot,  we did. We were treated to the very best Blue Hound has to offer, The food was exceptional.We tried everything on the "Snacks" menu except the cheese plate and enjoyed it all. There's something here for every taste.Shishito Peppers: This is a usually mild but sometimes hot small pepper, that's blistered and served in miso & sesame seeds and seasoned with sel gris. I abso-freaking-lutely loved these things. The texture and flavor are perfection in an appetizer. The Miso is exceptional and the sel gris (salt) is the finishing balanced touch done right. Caramel Popcorn: This was actually pretty darned amazing. The menu says "butterscotch with ancho chile" which sounded a little iffy to me, but the execution was flawless. They call this endless which means if you are like me, you could eat about 8 pounds of this stuff. Very good.Deviled Eggs: This one is surprising. It's "just" deviled eggs, but its garnished with brioche, smoked ham and dijon. The flavor is subtle and rich, and the eggs are so creamy it's criminal. This is another dish you could easily eat waaaaaay too much of.Tater Tots: Chef Stephen nails it on this little dish. The texture of the tots is fabulous, and the upfront initial  flavor of potato and chive is oh so nice,  lets not forget bacon too.  These are tater tots for grown ups. You can use the dipping sauce that is served on the side but theses little babies don't need anything added. They are dangerous mouth popping snacks. Potato Fries: French fries are one of those ubiquitous dishes that can be really boring. Not here. These are sliced in wedges, steak fry size, and perfectly fried and seasoned. The outside was crispy and the inside soft and creamy. Seasoned with aromatic rosemary and a very nice parmegiano-reggiano cheese, and served with a not-too-spicy aioli, its just another unique twist on what's normally an oh-so-common food.Cheddar Scallion Biscuits: Oh My Gosh. Just try 'em. Trust me.All we had on the "Farm & Garden" section of the menu was the Roasted Cauliflower, but in typical Chef Jones fashion, he puts a unique twist on it with pistachios, capers and currants. However, everything else on that section of the menu looks absolutely fabulous and we are eager to try it all.The "Sea & Ocean" section of the menu looks very appetizing. We tried two dishes which pretty much blew our minds: First, the Bay Scallop Ceviche. Chef Jones said "It's not what you think" and he was 100% correct, it was uh-maz-ing! Second, the Jerk Cured Scottish Salmon: buttery and melt in your mouth. Both were utterly unique and ridiculously flavorful.There's more on the menu, but there's just so much two people can eat in an evening.  We cannot wait to get back.
1	Unable to review this place nor do I think I want to. Left 2 messages, sent an email for a large party reservation. No one has called or emailed back. Customer service is always one of my top 3 when reviewing or recommending. So far, F.
5	My recent meal at Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails is one that I wished could have lasted forever -- and with the abundance of dishes my companion and I were lucky enough to try (thanks, J. Lauren PR), it was a delightful time that still has my mouth watering.And the food isn't the only draw here, though Chef Stephen Jones' ever-changing seasonal menu is worth the trip. My companion noted the spot seemed like one movie character Ron Burgundy would love, with a "stay classy" feel crafted with lots of wooden accents, sports on at the cozy bar, dim lighting, and comfy leather booths that make diners feel like they're in their own private little worlds.The bar and restaurant, nestled into the Hotel Palomar at CityScape in downtown Phoenix, has big city views of the adjoining bustling CityScape atmosphere. The atmosphere is about New York City as you can find downtown, and on a Monday night, there were lots of suits, way more men than women, filing up the bar area. If you're on the prowl for a new guy, head for a cocktail here -- the selection is vast, with stand-out's including the oh-so-refreshing Floradora ($10), with gin, lime, raspberry syrup, soda and ginger; and the French Riviera ($10), with Dolin Blanc, Velvet Falernum, strawberries and club soda. The cocktail menu has a ton of diversity, so there's bound to be something you like.As for the menu, Chef Stephen Jones recently revamped more than half of it, with locally sourced menu items that give all the dishes a refreshing taste. The latest menu is seafood-focused, and my pal tried the Jerk Cured Scottish Salmon with shaved celery, apple and fennel salad and a potato puree ($9 for a small portion). He said the fish was perfectly cooked, and the sweet elements balanced out the dish.I had to try some of my favorite soup, gazpacho, a cup of which came with the perfect fresh veggies garnish to stir into the cold blended soup ($5). I've had my fair share of gazpacho soups in Spain, and this was hands-down one of my favorites. It was thick and rich, which I loved, and perfectly flavored.We also started with the Crows Dairy Goats Milk Yellow Corn Cake ($5-$10, based on portion), which was topped with a red onion jam and marinated spring squash. Everything about this was delightful, from the consistency and buttery flavor of the corn cake, to the perfect jam topping that was a pleasant surprise that worked. The marinated veggies added some savoriness, and I wanted more.I loved that all the dishes are designed for trying, since there are sampler portions of just about everything on the menu. My companion got a small portion of the Lamb Meatballs, with dandelion greens, potatoes, chickpeas, and red onion yogurt ($9). It's got to be one of the most innovative, fanciest dishes you could try at that price.Chef Stephen also sent out an appetizer of Shisito Peppers ($5-$8), which is something I've actually never had before. The peppers were fun to nosh on and were tame enough for anyone's palate.I ordered a plum tomato flatbread, made with house-pulled mozzarella ($12). All the ingredients were stand-out and high-quality, but I've had a flatbread like this at St. Francis. Opt for the more outside-the-box offerings if you go to Blue Hound.Chef Stephen was also kind enough to send out a lemon and fennel sorbet, which was light and refreshing and a perfect meal-ender -- even though I had insisted I was too full for dessert, I couldn't help eating every bit of my portion. The fennel offering was unlike anything I'd ever tasted before -- it was a really interesting flavor that definitely gave the dessert a farm-to-table taste. I'd give the dessert points on uniqueness alone.Not only was it a pleasure to meet Chef Stephen and gobble up his amazing food in a relaxed but classy atmosphere, the service was also impeccable. Like the hotel it's housed in, Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails strives to make its customers feel at home, too.
4	Met up this morning with  Brunch buddy and had done my homework beforehand....I was a little concerned by the inconsistent ratings but they seem to be from folks who have different expectations from a dining experience so we tried it anyway.  We have been friends forever so require few things: a good breakfast cocktail (or 3), innovative comfort food with a good range of choices, and a nice ambiance that facilitates catching up.  Love  the interior...it's very comfortable and open with a nice view of the outside, with great acoustics and a musical artist who is not sitting in my lap (a particular peeve of mine!!!).  We sat down and ordered coffee and the daily punch, a peach concoction that was yummy!  BB had the scallion biscuits and gravy...holy smoke, they are genius!  I was torn between the Chilaquiles and Lemon-Ricotta Pancakes so ordered them both :) The Chilaquiles were something I had wanted to try for a while now and really dug them...I had a few bites and stowed them away for dinner later.  The pancakes were really yummy; they were nicely lemon flavored and the blueberries on the top were so much better than syrup could ever be.  It was a great meal!So, that said, I can see why the expectations are high.  After all, most of us have to drive downtown, park, and walk there during the weekend.  The folks at night may either be on their way home or to a venue and are on a timeline.  I always make sure I allow plenty of time for leisurely dining but not everyone else does and I suspect that's where the low reviews are coming in.  I'll be back in the fall, Blue Hound, to sit outside and enjoy some delicious cocktails during HH but really enjoyed breakfast today.
5	We support LOCAL. After catching a show at Stand Up Live we walked across the street for a late dinner. Wow....the short rib and blues cheese grits were, as always amazing.
3	Went to Blue Hound a couple of nights ago for the first time with friends.  The hotel and restaurant had a cool and hip atmosphere.  We were seated promptly at our reservation time and the place was not crowded.  Our server was pleasant and knowledgeable and recommended several things on the menu including the special which was soft shell crab over an artichoke coulis with fiddlehead fern.  I ordered the special (and a shot of gazpacho) and the others at the table ordered a flatbread pizza and tater tots (yum!), the salmon, and the chicken.  When the salmon came out, it was such a tiny portion and my friend commented on it.  I had an option of ordering one or two crabs with my dinner and I opted for one after asking our server if it would be plenty of food.  I should have ordered two.  The food at Blue Hound is creative, ubber fresh, and delicious.  However, we all left still feeling hungry due to the small portion sizes.  We talked about ordering more food but the items are quite pricey and our bill was already over $100 without tip (only two of us had an alcoholic drink).  We eat out frequently at all of the new hip and trendy places that are opening all over Phoenix and feel that with all the other restaurants who are now offering creative farm to table food at  lower prices and larger (yet reasonably sized) portions, Blue Hound has some adjusting to do.  It would be a tough sell to get me to go back unless I knew our bellies would be full and our bill not so high.
4	Short ribs, tater tots, and potato leek gratin were amazing!  Great waitstaff and ambiance.  -can't wait to go back
4	First night in Phoenix was spent at the Blue Hound. Great wine selection and cocktail menu: I tried a red from Oregon and hubby had a daiquiri. Food was great, for starters we got some amazing high-end tater tots, two words: harissa sauce. I had a flatbread with olives, grapes, peppers and feta for my main course (which I enjoyed so much that I tried to replicate it once I flew back home) and hubby had the pork belly, which came in a cast-iron dish. We were so full that we skipped dessert, but the menu looked promising.  Service was attentive and pleasant and I really enjoyed the modern, pub-like atmosphere.
5	DOG Gone it the meal was PAWS-itively filled with unexpected surprises and masterful execution. It was something to YELP about.You will BARK about having a great meal here if you share a bunch of small plates. Many of the plates come in small or regular sizes. The prices are very reasonable with one of the small plates starting at just $3.We started with these really great Sazerac CockTAILS. They were so good we couldn't help not to LAP them up. It was outstanding and a very strong $10. drink.Who doesn't like to WOLF down Blistered Miso Shishito Peppers and a small size Small Family Farmed Cheese Plate served at the perfect eating temperature with very tasty house made saltines.The Elote Style Corn was so fresh and was something to HOWEL about. The corn tasted like fresh corn you'd get from a farmers market and found out if did come from local McClendons Farm.Another TAIL WAGGER is the Jerk Cured Scottish Salmon. The flavor of the potato complemented the jerk seasoning with the salmon that was truly unique.The Kimchi Pork Belly Siders might give some people a new LEASH on life. They make you a little nuts because they have peanuts on them.We ended the meal sharing one Massive BBQ'd Beef Rib over Blue Cheese Grits. I feel like a HEAL saying this but it didn't say on the menu that it would be topped with a pickle fruit. It came out with pickled peached and I didn't mean to pick a BONE with anyone but we had to send it back since my husband has a peach allergy. LICK-ity split the Chef sent out another and graciously apologized for not noting that on the menu. The Short Rib really was the most MASTER-ful Rib I ever had anywhere. Not only was it caramelized meaty and succulent. it also had this chewy leather meaty coating around it that was awesome with those great BBQ smokey flavors. I usually don't eat ribs because they are too fatty for me as this one was in places for me and I note for other people it might be too fatty but for some people this is bliss and what they are looking for. The top or curved part of the rib is the less fatty part and I could eat from there and what I ate from there I really enjoyed and can appreciate how good it really was. The Blue Cheese grits really went well with the rib and were really great.It's a shame I had to pass on the picked peaches.I felt like CHASING the waiter down for one of those interesting desserts that they have here but when he presented the dessert menu I just had to MUTT-er I was too full to cram in dessert and had to take a WALK.I don't mean to be a little RUFF but Blue Hound Kitchen and CockTAILs might leave you STAY Hot under the COLLAR in a Good Way.1-15-2015 Chef has changed since my visit.
5	The drinks here are sick! The bartenders are mixologist to the highest level !
4	We came here before a Diamondbacks game for appetizers and drinks. It was great to see how many people were there before the game. It's nice that downtown is getting more action than just coming in and out for the game. We really enjoyed our food. Our server was very sweet. Look forward to going back
4	Went here for dinner while on a trip to AZ. They had a nice location in a small mall area, near the light rail line, and the atmosphere was upscale without being too formal or snobby. I didn't think we'd need to call in advance since this wasn't a super-busy area, but apparently they were almost booked solid that night. Fortunately they had a cancellation, so after about 30 minutes in the cocktail lounge/reception area, they were able to accommodate us with a table. Both the drink and food menu were adventurous and tantalizing, without being too "weird". Our waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu and really got to know our tastes before recommending some dishes, which we loved! The food was all cooked and presented well and the service was excellent.It can get a little loud and the tables are close together due to the limited seating area, so I wouldn't take a large group or a romantic date here.Obviously my caution would be to make reservations in advance as the dining room is very small. Additionally, I would not take a non-foodie here as the expense would be wasted on someone who doesn't appreciate food fusion and artistry.
3	I came to dinner  here  to celebrate my 33 year anniversary, unfortunately it was not a very good dining experience.  The first mistake was the confusion of this restaurant and its theme.   When I asked the waiter what the theme is ,he said it was like ordering Spanish tapa's a little bit of everything .. but when you look at menu I didn't see how that was possible... but ok.I was given a drink menu,  I was impressed with it.. but I'm more of a traditional mixed drink person. So I figured they must have a great bar service or fantastic bar tenders .   I ordered a Manhattan straight which just means without the ice.   Well somehow they got confused how to serve it  as I watching them they were pouring the drink  into a on the rocks glass so naturally it doesn't fill the glass because it's without the ice.. It was the funniest thing to watch .    So the waiter comes over with a look of concern and tells me they would like to serve it with the large ice cubes they offer.. at that point I just accepted the drink that way.. but all they needed to do was to serve it in a martini glass.   Now for my wife's drinks...    She orders a margerita  with a agave syrup the drink comes and it tasted sour no hint of agave  she sends it back.. she orders a plain Gin and tonic.. drink comes and guess what the tonic was flat..   so at 10 dollars a drink or more .. I would have expected something  extra ordinary instead we got something that you would order at your local gin mill.Ordered the flatbread as an appetizer  it was really good so I figured ok let's forget about the drink fiasco..  Main course  Blacken sea bass.. It was good but filled with too many bones I had to pick at the fish with my hands so that I would not swallow  the bones.   My wife ordered the lamb meatballs she liked them and so did I  but not worth the price.So what did like about this place..   our waiter was very good, the manager came over and bought us dessert because of the drinks fiasco, beautiful urban style setting.    Would I come back?  probably not..
4	I really love the concept of "tapas", and Blue Hound has American-ized it.  The menu is a collection of interesting dishes that can be ordered by size, and are meant to be shared with your table.  Definitely try the bacon jam biscuits with the quail egg - easily the best thing I've ever eaten in Phoenix, a true gem.The flat breads were decent.  Also had the BBQ ribs and homemade tots - all of which were tasty in small quantities, which is exactly what tapas are meant to be.The atmosphere is a bit hotel-ish and overly modern hipster.  Even the wait staff is overly-casual in attire, although they were all quite friendly and attentive.This is a great place to take a date and show off - check it out
4	Cool place. We came in specifically for drinks, though I've heard their food is great.The place was not busy at all, so we were easily able to grab a seat at the bar. This place has a nice warm, east coast big city type feel to it. Love. They also have a nice little patio that over looks Central and the west part of Cityscape. Our bartender was very nice and patient w/ us while we decided what to order. I decided on the Floradora, a drink on their hangover menu (not because I was hungover, but because it sounded delicious). And it was, and was gone far too quickly for the price, about $9-$10 a piece. Price aside, their craft cocktail menu is vast and they also have a nice Bourbon, Gin, Tequila, and Scotch selection.I would definitely recommend this place for happy hour drinks.
4	Great place to grab a few drinks and dinner before heading to a show or game in downtown Phoenix. It's attached to the dog-friendly Palomar hotel, so I believe you can bring your dog here, but I haven't tested it out yet. Their drinks are great and they use the huge cubes of ice in their whiskey. They also have a huge selection of whiskey, so you should definitely check it out. This place is like American tapas. So far, I've really enjoyed their cheese board, tots, and their flat breads are as good as any.
5	This place was AWESOME!  Waitress was helpful with the menu and drink selection.  We took the opportunity to sample a number of different items since it was more family style, which unexpected, but perfect for trying a new restaurant with so many wonderful items. The small family farmed cheese plate was amazing!  I'm not even a big cheese fan, but it was delish!  Next we had the green chili roasted corn.  When this came out it was still on the cob, and they happily took it off the cob for us.  Again, another amazing dish.  Then we had the Kobe Beef Short Ribs - again, wonderful!It does look like they have changed their menu some in the last month, but I would definintely check it out!
4	Have been there a couple of times for lunch and one for dinner.  Enjoy the vibe and the food.  Enjoy ordering several of the small plates and passing them around. Never knew I liked tater tots util I tried theirs,  My wife loved their sliders. Nice wine list with some good value wines.  Nice combination of great food and great atmosphere.  Give it a try.
5	Great food, though a bit pricey.  I especially loved the pork belly kimchi sliders.
5	Pork belly appetizer was delish! Lovin the cocktail list and their extensive whisky selection!Stopped here while passing through Phoenix on our way to "T-town" from Sedona :) Had a great trip with great food and were looking to continue that without venturing too far from the freeway. We found this using my phone and had one heck of a time trying to find out. Turns out, it is in the backside of a hotel that opens up to a little mall like area. Any parking was confusing but we ended up there and were glad we did. Atmosphere was definitely the chic industrial trendy gatro pub thing. Service was great and food was fantastic. My hubby and I both got whisky inspired cocktails off their house cocktail list and were quite impressed. My husband made a "joke" about the cornichon on his burger asking what they do to make them so small and the server handled his bad joke very well. We frequently traverse through Phoenix and Scottsdale so we will be back! If your in the area walking around, look this place up and treat yourself to some new flavors both in the food and drinks! An overall pleasant experience! If you are driving from somewhere else.... I might find a restaurant with a parking lot...
2	Good food and tasty unique cocktails but VERY slow service even for drinks.
4	What a beautiful, sexy restaurant!I came here on Friday night with my three dear friends for a much needed, relaxing dinner out.  We decided to use the 20% Yelp discount voucher I received the night before at the Summer Splash and Dash event, and as soon as we were seated I gave our waiter, Chris, my Yelp discount card.We ordered drinks and I was a little overwhelmed by the large cocktail menu.  Not overwhelmed in a bad way, but overwhelmed in a good way...it was enormous!  Unfortunately, my very first drink choice, the Singapore Sling, was unavailable due to the bar running out of cherry foam, so instead I just asked for my regular go-to cocktail, a mojito, which was tall, cool and refreshing.  My friends all ordered their own drinks and we placed an appetizer orders: the "endless" caramel popcorn with Ancho chilies, and half orders each of the tater tots and the seasoned Kennebec French fries.  The tater tots and fries were both hot and delicious and came with tangy dipping sauce.  The caramel popcorn was intriguing with its slightly spicy end note.  We really enjoyed the popcorn, but sadly while the menu description implied it was a refillable menu item, it wasn't refilled when we depleted the bowl and so we only got a very small serving.After finishing our first cocktails we all placed our dinner orders, I ordered the large order of the Kobe beef short ribs with the blue cheese grits, my girlfriends both ordered flatbread pizzas and a salad and our lone male companion ordered the lamb meatballs.  We also ordered additional cocktails to go with dinner and I took the chance to order a drink the waiter recommended called a Bermuda Triangle, which was cold, fruity, tangy and massively potent too.  (Wow!)Our dinners all trickled out at different times and us three ladies at the table had all been served for a full 15 minutes before we eventually grabbed the closest waiter in the vicinity, Justin, and had him check on our companion's missing lamb meatballs.  Justin happily obliged our request and disappeared into the kitchen only to reappear with the lamb meatballs in less than 30 seconds.  How long they were sitting there waiting to be delivered to our table was anyone's guess.  Sadly our own waiter wasn't aware of this hitch because he never came near our table that whole time.  I knew there was a problem though when the people who came in a full 30 minutes after we were seated had been served their food (including an order of lamb meatballs) and the three of us ladies had all been served and our friend was still waiting for his entree!After everyone finally had their food we all started to eat and I wasn't at all disappointed with my Kobe beef ribs!  They were so generously sized I could only eat one, however the grits were utterly unremarkable and I basically ignored them in favor of that massive, meaty rib.  I also tasted the lamb meatballs and they were fabulous, although the hot pink sour cream they were served with was a bit oddly colored.Not long after we finished eating our waiter reappeared and he volunteered to clear our table and package the second, untouched Kobe beef rib for me.  We also placed dessert orders and chatted while we waited for dessert to appear.  Oddly our desserts, including my Panna Cotta and my friend's seasonable sorbets, were all served with forks.  I had to ask the waiter for spoon instead.  My Panna Cotta was a tad too soft for my liking, but the pool of foamy citrus sauce it was sitting in was very good and deliciously tangy, although to be quite honest I could have done without the flavorless, unidentifiable curls that topped the Panna Cotta.  Seriously, I couldn't even identify what they were, they were that tasteless.We paid our tab and tipped our waiter on the pre-discount amount.  (It should be noted that we would have tipped him more, but leaving us to sit for 15 minutes as our dinners cooled and we politely waited for our companion's missing dinner entree was no bueno!)So all in all this was a pleasant dining experience and I expect will venture back soon, but next time I'd love to have more follow up from our waiter and I'd hope that all the entrees all arrive around the same time too.
5	By far the BEST pineapple upside down cake I have EVER had. The ambiance of this restaurant is extremely modern and sleek. Overall I really enjoyed my experience at Blue Hound and will definitely be back soon to try more food!
5	Beautiful drinks. Excellent whiskey selection. Amazing bartenders.I've only had food here once, but it was scrumptious. I'm a sucker for gourmet-ed up southernish cuisine.
5	I've eaten here 3 times (2 times for dinner, once for breakfast) and can't wait to go back.  The shishito peppers are fantastic, but so are the small farm cheeses, tater tots, and deviled eggs.  On a recommendation from our server the first time, I ordered the short ribs.  The meat just fell off the bone.  As much as I loved those, I tried the lamb meatballs the 2nd time there.  After the first bite, I was disappointed I didn't order the larger portion.  The service there was impressive and extremely helpful.  As a whisky drinker, my Brown Derby and Manhattan's were delightful.
3	We came here for a late night dinner and quite enjoyed ourselves.  The restaurant was only about 2/3 full but it was very loud and the atmosphere was a mix of people like us dressed casually and people dolled up.  By the time we left, however, it was pretty empty.  We had a bit of a hard time ordering, and the weird thing was the huge variance in the portion sizes.  For four of us we ordered the bottomless popcorn, the large BBQ'd Kobe beef short rib, the tater tots, Dinasaur kale salad, roasted cauliflower, a special flatbred, the large jerk cured fish.  We also had a heirlooms tomato salad that the waiter gave us because someone had messed up an order.  Everything was actually really tasty, but the beef short ribs dominated the meal in terms of portion size while the tater tots and the fish were really tiny in size.  Food came out at a pace that wasn't rushed and allowed us to talk and enjoy ourselves.  My only other complaint was that there were a large number of things that they were out of (both on the bar menu and the food menu).  I'd definitely come back here, but I'd really rather someone else paid.
3	I had a morning meeting downtown and a colleague and I needed a place to strategize over breakfast.  He suggested this place.  After a quick look at the menu, I decided on a Buckwheat Belgian Waffle w/Vermont Maple Syrup, $12.  To wash it down, I ordered a Coffee and Water.The server brought out a mini-pot of Coffee so that we could refill our cups at our leisure...bonus, I like when a restaurant offers that.  After a short wait our food was served.I poured a little Syrup on my Waffle and took a bite....it was a little disappointing.  The texture was good and it was cooked just right...however, the flavor fell flat for me.  It tasted too "grainy"....not in the rough texture sense, but in the bitter, wild grains sense.  It wasn't what I expected....even the Syrup couldn't save it.  I only ate 1/2 of the Waffle.  Looking back on it, I'd like to try it with an IPA....it might go well with a bitter Beer like that and I love IPA's.  That would be weird though, ordering a Waffle at breakfast and a tall glass of IPA...ha!Our server was great and the place is very well kept.  If I come back, I'll be sure to try something that I'm more familiar with.Return Factor 50%
2	Brunch drinks and ambiance (Vinyl Station) were fabulous! Food was ok. They definitely do not know how to make fried chicken. They need to visit Willie Mayes in NOLA or The Tuck Shop locally to understand fried chicken needs to have actual flavor.
3	Mixed reviews- great drinks and super convenient to the Palomar hotel, but food was so-so. My bone in bass was marginal, but my husband's Kobe beef rib was spectacular! My daughter-in-law struggled through a bone in salmon steak that was not worth the trouble or the money. Dessert was amazing and we were delighted with the extensive after dinner drink options. We would try it again but I would steer clear of the fish next time the restaurant was basically empty but they were out of 2 of the main courses. Room for improvement but good.
1	This place is a joke.Trendy- yeah. Big deal.Service at the bar for brunch on a Sunday morning was literally shocking. Bartender didn't smile once, I swear. It was not busy at all, yet it took her 10 min to make us 4 mimosas and another 5 minutes for a bloody, because she was busy cleaning other glassware right in front of us. Food took 35-40 minutes to get to us and was absolutely pathetic portion size wise and wasn't even that good! She never asked us how anything was and we all left there still hungry (and broke). We were never offered refills on our "bottomless mimosas", had to ask every single time.The only silver living is that a manager or just other co worker came over to us and was friendly and accommodating, since our check was wrong. I would never come back here ever again. There are so many other amazing places, especially for breakfast near this place. Don't waste your time or money!
4	I had the Cod fish Po' Boy sandwich, it was yummy and thier fries have  a spicy kick to them.  I really like the urban look of this restaurant.... I'll be back.
4	So...I had a hankering for the lemon-blueberry ricotta pancakes and met up with some of my pals to satisfy the craving this past Sunday.  We were greeted warmly by Sergio who kept us well stocked with coffee and water.  My pals had burrata and chillaquiles; I had the pancakes and some yummy chicken sausage.  My only quibble was the acoustic guitar and his amp turned up to 11....the interior is not conducive to the volume.  Other than that, it was a lovely morning and I enjoyed the company and the chow.
2	We were staying at the hotel and decided to eat at the restaurant in house. Menu was over priced, dinning room was loud and our food just OK. We ordered Salmon (very small dish), corn (didnt care for it much), lamb meat balls were just OK, and seafood chowder was not as good as I expected. All in all, just an OK place to eat.
2	Not a big fan... was out of most alcoholic beverages attempted to be ordered.  Food was decent, but service was mediocre.
4	The Blu Cheese grits were fantastic! Even better the next day. Ribs had such a unique taste. Savory & sweet.
2	The two stars are for the food. Because there was nothing wrong with it and it came out fast. However everything else was slow. I did not get to order another drink during my whole meal. My friend never had his diet coke refilled the entire time. We had to ask the waiter for everything numerous times. My other friend finally walked up to the bar to order his drink. The food was average, nothing spectacular and kind of pricey for what it is. Service is incredibly slow and it was not busy- empty tables everywhere.
5	This place is great. Food was delicious, server was very attentive and it was perfect for a quiet business lunch. Will definitely be back!
4	My wife I came here for the first time today. The food is different which is what we like. Good food! Good bloody Mary's! Good Service!
5	Me and husband have fallen in love with the bar right away -  classical and new/innovative hand muddled cocktails & FUN ambiance was a recipe for perfect Friday evening. Slowly venturing into food menu - not as impressive as the cocktails ... up to few months ago - seem like the menu has significantly changed. Although originally we were planning only on drinks and couple of appetizers, we were so impressed with the food that we continued ordering more and more of the new menu - as we had a full dinner there at the bar. All the flatbreads were wonderful - my husband's lamb was a bomb - and they even wrapped the bones to take home for our dogs ;-O Also the pedestrian area that allows you to walk right in (very unique in PHX) makes it perfect spot to enjoy urban life - coming from Prague - this makes me feel closer to home.
5	Ah.May.ZING!Blue Hound definitely blew my taste buds out of the water last night. From the pork belly sliders, to the seafood chowder I ordered to go, and certainly not last the decedent pineapple upside down cake, I was in foodie heaven. The sliders were topped with a crisp kimchi that paired marvelously with the tender pork belly. There were two somewhat smallish portions. I ate one and set the other aside to finish later that night. Because the principle reason I chose BH was the dessert, I asked for my second course to be boxed. I sampled the chowda at home later in the evening and it was wicked good: the ghost chile, which on the scoville scale it 10 degrees from being an A-bomb in your mouth (and, presumably, another fire a bit lower) brought an amazing heat balance with the subtle bacon and prominent mussels and clams. I'm not sure how this is served in the restaurant, but for the to-go you get a box of the clams and mussels. On to dessert. Simply wonderful! The salted caramel sauce is something I'd love to have a bottle of at home. It's decadent to the nth degree. It's the one sweet treat that I would give up sex for. It's *that* good.At $40, this was an incredible value. Honestly, I think two people could easily share this meal and be pleasantly sated.Who's my Daddy? You are, Blue Hound.
4	Came here with a date last night, it was my first dinning experience downtown on a friday night, and Blue Hound definitely lived up to its reputation. We sat in the outside patio, and it was nice and cool out and more private than the main floor. This place has a hip vibe, and was nicely packed at the time, the food menu was way different than I expected, but most of the items we ordered were SMASHING.-Ribs fell off the bone, and tasted rich and actually mixed pretty damn well with blue cheese grits..who woulda thought that? -Corn on the Cob, (mexican street style as my waiter said) were my favorite though, you gotta try this one time, the taste is explosive lol... -Tater Tots- bomb-tastic, better than I've had in a minute, which is saying a lot. haService was strange, but attentive. Not all in your face, which could be a good thing or bad thing for some people. Our waiter was chill though. drinks wre str8, but not strong which was probably a good thing in my case, lol. Would love to support a local business like this more on the regular, and recommend it to everyone.4 STARS.
4	Totally good. Great atmosphere, excellent service, cleverly varied yet affordable menu. Upscale but reasonably priced at the same time. They have a really great food selection for  any group, accomodating all dining predilections and hunger levels ( half plates available). Drinks excellently prepared though slightly pricey. Save money by hitting happy hour when the special mixed drinks are $7.
4	Came here for restaurant week and it's hard to get to with construction going on and all the one way streets.  You really have to know downtown Phx to get to the valet or public parking.  Once we got to the Palomar Hotel to the 2nd floor to the Blue Hound Kitchen it was very nice.  The ambience really has a cool vibe and a very urban feeling.  I checked out the website and the pictures do not do it justice.  We had drinks at the side bar and the waitress was very attentive to the point we had to tell her we are meeting another couple, we are going to chat THEN we will sit down at our table.  Granted it was restaurant week but it wasn't as busy as we thought it would be.  Anyhow, we finally sit and peruse the menu.  It looked amazing so we decide instead of ordering the set restaurant week menu we would order the appetizers and try them out.  They were intriguing to us.  We order a fabulous bottle of Petite Syrah for only $40 bucks.....2 hours later we tried pretty much tried all the appetizers and they were delicious.  Great flavors, the corn appetizer you have to cut yourself off the cob.  Corn cutting of the cob skills needed!  It was fun and filling.  We did manage to order the beef short ribs and 3 out 4 thought they were fabulous.  Our 4th person thought it had way too much fat for what you are paying...30+.  He did think the flavor and taste was great! Our waiter was pretty good.  He was attentive for certain things but we sat with empty and near empty water glasses for awhile. All in all it was a great experience...little things like the bar waitress being too attentive I guess makes up for our waiter not being as attentive with certain things.Would I go here again?  Yes!
4	Blue Hound do a solid meal. The corn bread and the skate were first class and the scallops were also pretty tasty. Cocktails are also awesome and have generous pours.If you get the chance, sit out on the balcony and kick back. The view is good and given that right now PHX isn't scorching hot, its also a pretty nice place to chill after work.
5	I've tried this place 2x now and am a BH groupie,  I think. I'd highly recommend waiting for a coveted patio seating - excellent cityscape views and close enough to people watch (one of my hobbies).Brunch here is truly divine - especially if it's a nice, blue-sky day. I had the egg frittata and Mimosa. Dinner is great also. Very relaxed and ideal place for date, friends or chill "unwind" place w/coworker(s)! Try the ceviche tacos - I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. The Tots (Tater) are scrumptious also.Also LOVE the fact that they have ability to make the Nat'l drink of Peru - the Pisco Sour. My colleague and I were treated like royalty here - customer service blew me away. We had 2 separate servers (one for meal and other for drinks, etc), and they were so friendly and helpful. They both did frequent check-ins without being pesky flies. Unfortunately, I didn't catch their names. Our female server never batted an eye when I requested "a side of olive brine for my STRONG dirty martini". Made me feel nice inside. :)Great job, Hound!
4	Who doesn't love a gastropub downtown.  The craft drinks are great.  Love the way the drink menu lists the type - shaken, stirred.  Bourbon on tap?  Now you are talking my language.   Bottomless caramel popcorn?  This place is crazy.The bar is small and a touch crowded.  There is seating in the lobby but it's a little hit and miss with a variety of chairs ranging from big leather to hard cube.  The dining area isn't very big but it has a cool view - if you are into urban views.  The food is nicely portioned.  The short ribs are some of the biggest I've seen.  The pineapple upside down cake is great with the salted caramel topping.
3	Came out on a double date last night looking for tapas to share.  From reading the reviews here on Yelp I thought that there would be a ton of options.  There were about 6 small plates with meat and 6 vegetarian.  I admit I don't have a "sophisticated" palate and that I am not a gourmet diner.  Nothing on the menu really spoke to me, or the rest of the group.  We ordered a full size dinner of beef stroganoff and the small plates of pork bellied sliders, tater tots, and grilled peppers.  I'm giving the 3 stars because one in the group really liked all three small plates.  The rest of us just liked the hash browns.  The stroganoff was super mushroom-y and not at all beef-y so if you like it that way it is for you.  The peppers were super hot and something in the sauce really upset my stomach and I could hardly eat anything else.  Add having to wait a while to be seated even with a reservation, a long wait to be greeted by the waitress, and then drinks taking a while to come-I'm just not a fan.  Not a bad place-great location and nice patio.  I just don't see myself coming back.
3	Great meal - some unusual veggie options. Brussel Sprout Caesar was truly original and tasty. Roasted squash with barley and golden raisins was delightful. When I ordered the cheese platter for dessert, however, the cheese was ice cold and not presented in an appetizing way. The fig preserves looked like it was scooped out of a vat with a deformed ice cream spoon. The grapes were tasteless. The cheese was gross.
4	Went for happy hour and it was wonderful. The Rosemary Fries and Shistake Pepper small plates were delish! The drink menu is amazing. The restaurant itself is very pretty, hip, eclectic, and clean. The bartenders make you feel at home. Did not eat dinner here but it looked great. The negative is that this place is pricey.
2	An update.  We went back to Blue Hound for dinner instead of just getting appetizers.  When we went it was in September (yes I'm behind in my reviews).  As I'm writing this review, I went to re-check the menu to remember the specific name of the dish I got, and the whole menu has changed.  So take that in mind, maybe the food will be better if you go now, vs. the menu selection we had in September. From what I remember, I was just generally unimpressed with what options we had to choose from and the food wasn't amazing.  That is why I decreased my rating.  The experience just made us cross this off the list of "great places to eat" in phx.  I don't think we'll be doing a whole trip down here for the food.  I am curious to see if the new menu would be more promising though....
3	Trendy restaurant in downtown. It was nice to grab a bite to eat and a beer on the patio in the heart of Downtown PHX. A little pricey but they have a good happy hour.
1	Came here for brunch and bottomless mimosas. Ordered "eggs Benny". Ended up with egg (singular) Benny with an eye dropper of hollandaise sauce and enough crab to cover the tip of my finger. Ambiance was good. Waited forever to get a pen to sign the bill. Finally had to get up and ask the hostess so that we could leave. The bar does look nice but I'm not sure why people are giving 5 stars. Maybe we struck out, maybe the drinks are amazing...I don't know.
2	The food looks good and the atmosphere is nice. I like their spin on traditional dishes. The cafe vita coffee was smooth and tasty. Unfortunately my food never showed up so after a 40 minute wait I just asked to cancel the order. Apparently the kitchen didn't notice the order so I figured instead of waiting another 20 minutes, I would simply go somewhere else.
2	I went here with my husband for brunch. We ordered the chilaquiles and biscuits and gravy with coffee. The food was good and the coffee was particularly good. Our friend joined us shortly after our food arrived and also ordered chilaquiles. This shouldn't have been an issue since our food came out quickly. But, after 35 min of waiting he canceled his order. Apparently the waitress put the order in, but the cook overlooked it.
2	I love the ambiance of the place but the food was all very dissapointing. I brought my friend here for there birthday last week just before Thanksgiving. I'm not sure if the staff mentally checked out or the food is always so sloppily thrown together. For the prices this place charges I expect the best quality food prepared correctly. My scallops were overcooked and tasted like they had been frozen, unfrozen and sitting in a bag of water all day. The pork belly was tough and grissley. The hangar steak was burnt and had almost no meat on it, just char. The one thing that did come out good was the tator tots. Overall a dissapointment, do not come here, there are many better options especially for this price range!
5	Really enjoyed this place! Lets start with the decor and ambiance. Well above average. Very swanky retro feel but cozy with plenty of wood details and great energy throughout the space. Awesome hip, urban eatery. More than you'd expect from a restaurant within a hotel in downtown Phoenix. I'd come back just for the restaurant even if I wasn't staying at the hotel. Started off with the yellow corn cake app with onion jam and shaved squash=fantastic! We then shared the 'Big Ass Steak' with scallop potatoes. Equally fantastic. An enormous T-bone cooked just right:) at least 2" thick!Had two Mezcal cocktails with my dinner.  Good, strong drinks with old fashioned big ass ice cubes. Awesome looking and tasty drink if you like Mezcal. Great joint. Wouldn't hesitate to come back.
4	On a recent visit to Phoenix, I knew I wanted to have dinner at CityScape. Lustre was closed by the time I arrived, so I had dinner here.I ordered the fried quail which was served with sausage & red bean gravy and foie gras cornbread; it was excellent. The fried quail was good and was complemented by the sausage & red bean gravy and foie gras cornbread. I tend to forget how small quail is, I think the complements to this dish would be great with fried chicken also.I ordered a cocktail with Bombay Sapphire Gin (my gin of choice); it was good.
4	Get your Hound on! Good Drinks, Yummy food & it's the spot to chill after work... okay & during work too. Woof!
4	A trendy looking restaurant and bar.   We ordered the ribs and grits, seafood chowda, pineapple-upside down cake, roasted cauliflower. Also enjoyed a few cocktails.Everything was really good - Really like the blue cheese grits.I recommend!!!
2	Preface: I'd give this place 2.5 stars if that was an option. I met the girls for happy hour. I didn't feel like a fussy house cocktail so I ordered my standard gin & soda. Too bad they had no specials for this very basic drink ($8, I think for a single). So I ended up paying a lot more than others with their whiskey lemonades or whatever-the-heck they ordered. After seeing the array of HH dishes ordered by others, I settled on the Kennebac Potato Fries and Hickman Farms Deviled Eggs. Both were tasty, indulgent snacks. I loved the rosemary on the fries and the generousness of the yolk mixture in the eggs (fork and knife were essential for me and my clumsiness). The sliders got good reviews as well, though I didn't try them. Decor was enjoyable. Service could have been better, but we were sitting in the lounge area so maybe they weren't as focused on us (however, it is happy hour in a hotel...I'd think they'd be paying attention, especially during this peak time).All and all--an okay experience, but I know I am not going out of my way to return--especially as a local. The happy hour just isn't that great of a deal (and I wish they had more food options! Not a great selection and the dinner entrees are $20+). The inconvenience of parking downtown and so-so service just adds to my Blue Hound apathy. I guess if you are downtown it's a fine option.
2	While in Phoenix for a conference in October, a group of us came here for dinner with reservations. We were accommodated with two rows of tables for about 20-30 people. The servers attended to us rather well. Great service so far.When it came time to order, I asked for the Seafood Chowda. A few of my colleagues ordered the shortribs. When my food came, I was disappointed that the "chowda" barely had any broth in it. Probably two tablespoons worth. It had a good amount of mussels and a couple of clams. There were a few thin slices of tiny potatoes and that was it. Being a fan of hot and spicy foods I was expecting a little kick from the ghost chile. To my disappointment, all I tasted was salt. The food was very salty and not a trace of spice. I even asked the waiter when I ordered how spicy is it and was told that it had a good kick. I gave a mussel to someone to try and he agreed to the saltiness and no spice. When the server came around again, I asked if this is how it was supposed to be prepared and he said yes. I pointed out the lack of any broth, creamy or otherwise and he just shrugged his shoulders. Other people in my party were disappointed as well. The short ribs did not even have a hint of blue cheese. And this was coming from a person who loves cheese and is also a chef.Sadly, many of us walked out at the end of our dinner very disappointed. We found this place to be over-priced and over-hyped. We concluded that there was little effort to please us due to the large size of the group which guaranteed their gratuity. It's sad that the only thing some of us enjoyed was the popcorn. My advice: review the menu carefully and ask a lot of questions. I most likely will not come back here the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Luster is on the 3rd floor. Not sure why I couldn't find it on Yelp but its a cool spot. Pool is within arm's reach and the roof top bar offers small bites and drinks.  I had the luster burger which was grass fed and my wife had the turkey flat bread. The burger was excellent... a little over cooked although. Flat bread was nothing special but the ambience was great and I would go back especially during the spring and earlier in the day... brunch and mimosas would be amazing on a warm sunny day. My only other critique is to wipe down the table... The stains were noticeable and that is not representative of a Kimpton property. Happy dining! James
1	A friend and I and our daughters were attending an event downtown and decided to try this. Brunch was all they were serving so my friend and I ordered the Spanish omelette. We split it because we were told the portions were big. They are plenty big, but we didn't even finish it because it lacked  flavor. Neither one of us cared for it. The kids wanted corn dogs and when they were eating them we discovered that they were not fully cooked. The batter was raw all around the corn dogs. My friend and I also ordered bloody Mary's. I had 3 small sips and could not even choke any more down. It only came garnished with a lime wedge, and the flavor made me feel a little nauseous. My friend thinks there was a lot of garlic in it.......we did complain about the corn dogs and they apologized and took it off our bill and offered us free desert. We did not take them up on it, we just decided we would call it quits. Would not recommend this place.
4	Visited here for dinner with a friend on a Friday evening in October and had a really nice time. We decided to sit at the bar because it is a nice, vintage style bar with a modern twist and has a view of the courtyard in this complex downtown. Good drinks and well prepared, fresh, food with unique twists would describe this place best.The drinks were stiff and tasty. There are many gin and bourbon based cocktails. The atmosphere is trendy with large open windows and high ceilings. The caesar brussels sprout salad was really tasty and fresh as were the fish tacos which had mango and a good amount of spice. The tater tots were also great and unique; almost like a stuffed potato. The menu is trendy and has tapas-style offerings, yet it's unique, and all of the food was very flavorful. I will definitely return.
4	Bar is really busy on the weekends even when it is cold outside.  It has a nice patio though that looks over a pretty courtyard that houses an ice skating rink in the winter in the middle of the skyscrapers.  It feels like a little bit of NYC in the middle of Phoenix.  Bar is western/miner themed.  Crowd is more middle aged/mature.  Not a fancy bar, it is surprisingly on the casual side for the professional area it is in.Drinks were pretty good.  Bartenders' skills are pretty high here.  Selection of alcohol is outstanding.
4	I get a kick out of all the hipsters here.  Their pork belly sliders were amazing!  I also enjoyed a coffee drink with whiskey.  I wish their TV over the bar was a little better so I could watch the Suns game more clearly.
5	Incredible Dinner and Wine menu!!  My wife and I went here with family and all enjoyed the dinner as well as the ambiance.  The staff were friendly and polite and knew exactly when to approach the table to avoid interrupting conversations.  Food preparation time was reasonable and the dessert was amazing!Would recommend to family and friends.  Blue Hound and Kitchen is also an ideal location in downtown phoenix if you are taking in any one of the live events that are all close by and in walking distance.
3	Blue Hound is a nice casual dining restaurant that is a mix of cute and rustic with all the screaming football, baseball and basketball fans coming in and out to watch TV and drink some drinks.  I dined here 2x on my trip and thought both times it was very mediocre.  The Brussels and the cauliflower apps were my two favorite things on the menu.  The Brussels were great, they were dressed with a Cesar dressing and parm cheese.  The brussels were cooked perfectly both nights.  I was very pleased with these... I really could had these for my main meal with something else small on the side.  The first night I had the scallops and they were pretty decent, I would say just nothing special.  The 2nd time around I had the seabass and it was incredibly fishy.  I am a FISH GIRL... so fishy doesn't bother me, however the seabass was just not cooked incredibly well and I didn't think the flavors came together.  I thought the atmosphere was nice.  The drinks were pretty good too!
3	Loved the atmosphere. Very casual chic. Our server was prompt in greeting us and very nice. He resented cocktail menus and I couldn't decide because they all looked delish! My friend and I started with the Desert Gin & Tonic and Lost Melody. The Gin & Tonic was extra good because it was made with premium ingredients but mine was sublime! One of those dangerous drinks that will go down easy and sneak up on ya. APPETIZERS: TATER TOTS: smoked bacon, chive, romesco sauce  - adult version of the school lunch favorite. Very tasty.CHARRED PORK BELLY SLIDERS: kimchi, peanuts on King's Hawaiian bread - We ordered the half order (2). But after we were done, we looked at each other like...we should have ordered 4! DINNER: POT PIE: root vegetables, mushrooms, swiss chard - Pretty darn good. I didn't even miss the meat! BBQ'D BEEF SHORT RIBS w/ Anson Mills' blue cheese grits - One large Flintstone bone in a cast iron bowl. The meat was tender and the flavor was amazing. The taste and texture of the grits were on point too. My only "beef" was that it came out room temperature. Which made the grits congeal a little. I was very disappointed by that and felt the dish could have been even better if it were hot! MORE DRINKS: LAWLESS: Breaking & Entering bourbon, bitters, wormwood liqueur, tobacco smoked glass. Great presentation and perfectly balanced flavors. Finally - desert was the Pineapple Upside-Down Cake and coffee. The cake was really good. Again a classic that was on point. They must have a thing with food temperature, because the decaf coffee was ice cold! Our server was overwhelmed by a large table at the restaurant . We often felt like things took too long...like the food, the check and clearing out plates between servings. Otherwise, we had a great experience and I look forward to going back.
5	I can't believe this place has 3 1/2 stars average.  We stayed at the Palomar hotel for the second time and last time we stayed, we ate quickly on our way to the comedy club across the street.  The hush puppies, tater tots and pineapple upside down cake made an impression.  This time, we chose to do the chef's tasting menu.  They serve four courses with two paired drinks.  All four courses were stellar and we are pretty discerning diners.  Our only complaint is that we didn't get a glass of wine as one of our drinks.  We were served two very interesting cocktails, but the second was like straight bourbon.  We would have enjoyed a nice glass of wine with dinner.  Ryan was an awesome server!  We will be back.
3	Went here for lunch with my mom & her friends today. Over all the staff was great! Two thumbs up. How ever the food was okay, they gave us the wrong flat bread & when told they let us have the wrong one to munch on (we were starving!) and made the correct one - I think, it said pork belly was on it but it looked more like brisket. They also gave us some Carmel popcorn (the best part of the meal! Then at the end we ordered 2 cappuccinos but they were clearly espresso with no milk, and had to request half and half to go with it. So in short- okay food, excellent service, with some hiccups that were addressed extremely graciously.
5	Updating my review from 4 stars to 5 stars because I'm still talking about those grits!
4	This place is a gem of a hotel lobby bar. I'm sure they hate being referred to as a lobby bar, but it is what it is. It's owned and operated by Kimpton, but with the atmosphere and offerings comparable to other successful gastro-lounges in the  Phoenix area, I think this place would also do well if it were a stand-alone operation. Come for a cocktail, or two, grab some 'gastropub tapas', and wash them down with another cocktail, or two. Service at the bar can take longer than you'd like, but understandably so. The mixologists aren't just shelling out drinks, but rather, handcrafting cocktails that fire on all cylinders--presentation, taste, and price. I love the bourbon-heavy menu, with the Lawless and Old Belle being my go-to cocktails. Yea, they're up there in price, but Old Fashioneds are $6 on the HH menu Mon-Fri.As stated in most reviews, the Kimchi Pork Belly Sliders are pretty bomb! Most of their bar menu items can be ordered in different sizes as to promote sharing and sampling of more menu items, a definite plus. Unfortunately, I think the bartender told me the kitchen was closed when I was there on Sunday. I think I hit the lull between lunch and dinner service(3-5pm). It was definitely a bummer. Of course I don't know what your numbers look like, but I hope you have all the variables factored into your equations. I would've stayed and ordered another drink if I had food to go along with it. One drink alone would've covered an hour worth of kitchen labor. You should consider posting a sign that says,"We apologize to our patrons Sat-Sun 3-5pm, but our dreadful attempts at saving four hours of labor per week result in a disservice to our customers. We'd rather you eat and drink elsewhere."All in all, 5 stars for the drinks and food (when I can get it). 1 star deducted for teasing me with a cocktail, and not pleasing me with food.
2	Sadly - was disappointed in the food. We were really excited to go. Great reviews and so forth. Group of 4 - ordered two orders of the tater tots - based on recommendations. They were good. Not great. Not sure why everyone raves about them. Drink menu is cool - they have a great gin selection. The entrees were really disappointing.  Two of us had short ribs. Mine was way over cooked - un edible. The other was way undercooked. The blue cheese grits that it comes with though was amazing. Another one of use had the scallops. They were under cooked and the grill char marks on the outside tasted distinctly burnt. Not enjoyable at all. The fourth guest had fish tacos. He enjoyed them. We didn't try the dessert. Just wanted to get out of there. Looks like we were there for an off night. Very unfortunate.
5	Incredible cocktails and great happy hour! Staff was super warm and friendly. Deviled eggs, peppers and flatbread were all great. You can alway tell what kind of cocktails you are gonna get by the type of ice they use. A big block in my old fashioned set the stage for great drinks! Will be back for sure.
1	Waw. That's all you can really say about the quality of food at blue hound. The restaurant certainly lives up to its name ... When you get your food you will feel blue... And it will look more for a hound than a human. My food had no flavor and literally came out hotter than the a Kim Kardashian Instagram selfie... She actually might have been the head chef because the meal totally lacked creativity and taste.
5	These people are food ninjas. I don't know how they do it; they just do.
5	Still in love.  That is all.
5	The food is phenomenal &the staff is awesome. Downtown Phoenix has few options anyway, so it's imperative to find a great place to eat. BLUE HOUND isn't the cat's meow. It's the Blue Hound's bark! (even better, que no?)
5	I am lucky to have enjoyed many five star hotels and restaurant. The eggs Benedict were absolute perfection ... twice. The avocado and blood orange salad  is as fresh as it is beautiful. Friendly staff.Kudos to chefs Paul Pulos and Steven Jones
3	Went here last night expecting to love it. I got there around 9 and it was very crowded and lively. Whoever designed the bar/lounge area did a great job as it creates a killer atmosphere. I had one drink and left- was unimpressed with the drink and thought it wasn't worth the $11 and 10 minutes I had to wait to order and receive it. Might try Blue Hound again in the future, just not on a Friday night and not whatever gin cocktail I had last night.
5	I admit, I have been a bad Yelp citizen, always using, never contributing ratings.  But the last two nights at The Blue Hound have forced my hand.  For our weekend getaway at the Palomar, we decided to try the hotel restaurant the first night. We went all in, having the "Chef and Bar Squad Geek Out" tasting menu.  Wow.We had terrific service from our server (forgot his name), and personal visits from Adrienne (or Cheyenne?), the GM.  The chef even tailored our selections for my wife's selective palate (no seafood, nothing raw).  Then he personally delivered and described each amazing course.  And the pairings from the bar were perfect.  Our favorite was the spiced up version of a Singapore Sling.  A great evening.The next night, we had reservations at a neighboring restaurant, The Arrogant Butcher, mainly because of their prime rib special.  We were joined by my dad, and seated just before 7.  After we ordered an appetizer, we were informed that they were out of prime rib.  It was a game day, but one would think with the evening booked through 9 PM with reservations, they would still have had their special at 7 PM.We left, quite disappointed, with our evening plans a mess.  Then, in a stroke of genius, my wife suggested a return to The Blue Hound.As soon as we met our server, Zach, we knew the evening would be turning around.  My wife and dad decided to split "One Big A$$ Steak", a 36 oz porterhouse, with cast iron scalloped potatoes.  I asked for a half order of the pork belly sliders.The chef, upon hearing of our disappointing evening, didn't want us to wait for food.  So he sent out a complimentary tater tots appetizer (amazing) followed by an interesting roasted corn on the cob (also delicious).  My wife and father asked for repeats of the spiced up Singapore Sling. I had a Hendrick's gimlet, which the bartender perfected with muddled cucumber (staying clear of lime at my request).The night was already saved, and then the entrees arrived.  My steak loving wife and my dad LOVED the porterhouse, grilled to perfection.  And just to go even one more step above and beyond, the chef sent me the full order of sliders, because he didn't want me to be jealous of the huge steak.  Over the top.I have to go with five stars.  This was greatness in all aspects.  We can't wait to return!
2	Cool ambiance. Good appetizers. Don't order the short rib unless a) you like every bite to be either fatty or dry/charred, and b) you like your grits lukewarm and creamy.
2	I have been to Blue Hound five times now, once just for cocktails and four times to eat dinner, so I figured it was time to review it.  I really want to like the Blue Hound, and I know people that do like it, but it has three big problems.  1) The service is too slow  2) it takes itself WAY too seriously (which leads back to #1) and 3) the plates are USUALLY tiny for the price (and there is too much variation in sizes between similarly priced items, so you never know what you're going to get.   Let me expound.  I have no problem with hipsters.  I live downtown, it comes with the territory.  I like the buzzwords "crafted", "local", and the such.  That said...The Blue Hound has good cocktails.  Good, very expensive, very slow to arrive cocktails.  The ingredients are quality and the drinks are inventive, but $10-$15 is just too much.  I also would rather get mine quickly than watch your bartender painstakingly shave off the Mona Lisa of ice cubes and perform other elaborate rituals.  Also, and the food suffers from this too, the description of the drink is way too preciously obtuse to actually divine what is in it.  Here's an example: last night Sweet Pea ordered something called Thirstn Howl (pardon my spelling.)  It listed the ingredients, and one of them was something called banane something or other that nobody has ever heard of before.  So, you expect it to have banana.  This thing came out and it was a banana milkshake.The food, well- the food.  Again, I'm a vegetarian, so take that for what it is.  Blue Hound doesn't have a true veg entree, but they have a lot of veg options in their small plates.  I believe that one time when I was there, they did have a veg entree, a risotto or something, but that has somehow fallen by the wayside.  I would like to see it come back.  Anyway, the problem with the veg plates is that they are too small for a single person to eat one for dinner (and I don't eat a lot), so you have to order a couple. And then the variation between plate sizes is all over the map, so you have to either ask your server or you have to cross your fingers. The time before last that I went there, I asked my server if the Panzanella salad was enough for me as my only food for dinner.  He said oh yes!  It came out, and it was a very small bowl filled with 98% hard, tasteless croutons.  The "artichoke, fava beans, burnt baby leeks?"  Again- it is hard to tell what it's going to be from that description, but there were 3 small pieces of each.  Last time I was there, I tried the roasted cauliflower based on good Yelp comments, and the collard greens salad (because I love collard greens), and I have to admit- they were my favorite things I've had there.  Although, the collard green salad was VERY salty, and both were too oily (which is something that I find in general with BH's food.)  The two of them together were enough for me for dinner, but as I said- the plates there are small.  And pricey.  And all over the place in terms of relative size, and you can't tell what you're going to get.  I've been with a lot of people and seen a lot of different things ordered.  Lots of people get the ribs and like the ribs, and that's a big plate. Unfortunately, last time we were there, Sweet Pea (a notorious carnivore and lover of meat) got the ribs and said that he felt sick all the next day, and they were just "OK."  He asked for extra blue cheese on the grits and got a "well...I can ask..." from the server.  When it came out, there was a big production of saying "with the EXTRA blue cheese", but Sweet Pea said he couldn't taste it, and the grits were very bland (I heard that from too others that ordered the same on the same night also.)  I've also seen someone order the scallops, which came up strangely lined up with no accoutrement on the very outer edge of a very large, oval plate, which only emphasized how little food she was getting for $20.  The food comes out VERY slow.  Service:  I've seen no earlier than 45 minutes and as long as 1.5 hours to get the food.  That's kind of a bummer.  It would be better if my cocktails were quicker to arrive and not so costly.Anyway, I think I'm done with the Blue Hound.  I really really REALLY wanted to like it.
5	I Love this place for food, fun, cocktails! Its just a happening kind of a place with beautiful people
4	Pork belly was awesome and they whipped up the best Bloody Mary I have ever had.  I strolled in during December/January when it was cold and chilly outside, and decided I didn't want to go find something outside in the cold.  I am really glad this place is conveniently located in the Palomar.  Atmosphere was great, but food was better.  My waiter was also really nice, perfect balance of attention, but also gave me and my honey some personal time.
2	The atmosphere was excellent, the food was an unpleasant experience on the pallet; there were too many complex elements in the food and could not finish any of the dishes I ordered.Maybe try it again when the menu changes
2	I just landed in Phoenix for a few days, and since this is my very first time I wanted to kick it off with some good food.  After looking around on yelp, I found that this promising restaurant is in my very own hotel, so I figured what better way to start my trip than with some nice smoked meat.The pulled pork on the menu seemed like the thing for me, but as I was talking to the waiter he mentioned that their burger was just voted the best in Phoenix.  I asked and he said that they grind their own meat.  So, never being one to turn down a good burger, I figured that would be a great start.  After the fact, I realize the fatal flaw in my plan was that I never asked if Phoenix was known for it's burgers...I ordered an iced tea, and a burger (rare) with an over-easy egg on top.  Here are the details:First, the iced tea is not very good as far as iced tea goes.  I asked the first server (not my waiter) if it was fresh brewed before I ordered it, and he said yes.  However, what came was a cloudy, bitter, iced tea that usually indicates that it came from a mix, or concentrate.Second, my first burger arrived (yes, first).  Normally, I don't send food back, but it was REALLY SALTY. My lips were burning after the first bite. Beyond that, it was cooked medium or medium well.  I don't honestly know the difference when it gets that cooked.  It was chewy though.Third, my second burger arrived.  It was seasoned well, but still overcooked.  It was dry and chewy.  Even the egg didn't make it better.  Maybe it would be good for someone who likes their burgers more well-done.  The bacon was good though.Overall, I think they probably pre-cook their burgers and then heat them up to serve, as that would explain why they can't cook them to order.The service was good.  I liked my waiter, and the manager did ask if he could bring me anything else, but I learned long ago not to go for a third try.  So, the two stars is not for the service, it is for the food.
5	Excellent experience.  We loved the cauliflower, peppers, and cocktails.  The desert menu looked great but we were just having apps and drinks.
4	This place has 5 star potential, but the service brought it down to 4. A friend and I sat at the bar for happy hour here at what was fated to be a tour of sliders in downtown... but that part of the story comes later. The place was busy, as I imagine it is typically for happy hour. Their happy hour drink menu leaves much to be desired... it only has 4 simple cocktails that don't really show off what this place is all about (elaborate and creative cocktails). We both tried the Tea cocktail that was on special for 6$. It was alright, very strong tea flavor which covered the vodka taste very well... in fact, it didn't taste much like alcohol at all... oh, but it had alcohol. These puppies were strong (haha unintentional pun), and both of us felt it. Here is when the problem arose. We sat at the bar for another 30-40 minutes and couldn't get the attention of any of the bartenders. We tried making eye contact to no avail. We really wanted to order food and I wanted to get another drink. Finally, about 1 minute before happy hour ended we slid in an order of happy hour sliders (heh) and I got a caribe drink of sorts (it had tequila, pineapple, other delish things...). The food and drink got to us quickly, so we were happy. I must say, the sliders were some of the most delicious sliders I have ever tasted... the pork belly was perfectly cooked and not overly fatty, they were delicate and all of the flavors worked together (pork, kimchi, hawaiian roll.... pure bliss). Oh ya, my drink was good too. So my tip is... do come for happy hour, get the snacks, but skip the weak happy hour drink specials and cough up the dough for one of their specialty drinks. I will definitely be back!
4	A Foodie DelightThis is my third time at Blue Hound and haven't been dissapointed yet. Being across from US Airways Center and the ballpark make this one of the top choices before an event. The Pork Belly sliders are my go to for every trip.  It is a great place to taste a few different things when you are with a group.  Our server this time was Caleb and helped us narrow down our selections.  And though Sangria is not on their menu (it should be) they whipped a very tasty one up for me.  The only negative thing I could come up with is the noise level.  It is a fun place to be but the acoustics can make it a little hard to hear.
2	Good place been to Blue Hound a few times.  This Sunday went for Brunch. They were out of Short Rib Hash. Disappointing. I might call ahead next time. Party of 11 took up most of the customer service. I will visit again but I will make sure all of menu is available.
4	Fantastic brunch! The food was delectable; huge portions! We ordered a couple items that were unable to be prepared due to lack of ingredients but the staff went above and beyond to compensate. Amazing service and super cute birthday card for Mom. Love this place!
4	This was my first visit and it was a great experience for Father's Day!  I did my Yelp due diligence but always expect the best.  We did a 5pm early dinner, so it was a slow, Sunday holiday afternoon and a shame considering the amazing Father's Day menu.    As a Vegan its not my kind of food, but I found plenty to eat and they offer GF, V, VG.  But for my Dad it was perfect!  Crazy special menu for Dad's with to die for beer mustard!  I'm surprised I didn't find that advertised anywhere when searching for what to do in Phoenix for Father's day.  Shame!We were served right away in the bar and got attentive service right to the dinner table.  Our dinner waiter Chris was excellent and talked us through the whole menu.  We didn't want for anything, he took us all the way to then end with a to die for dessert.  Environment, ambiance, layout, vibe & view... all excellent!  You can Valet park with hotel and they validate it down to $5 + tip.Based on reviews the Tater Tots and cauliflower were excellent as reviewed!  The bacon is inside the tater tots not on side, but both are a must.  The grilled broccoli was good, but nothing special.  We shared all that and Summer Panzanella - with grilled fruit and cornbread and it was good but it wouldn't bring me back.  The waiter, cauliflower and dessert would!  But plenty more to try on menu.Father's day menu was incredible and unique from Pate, beer mustard, pickled cauliflower, pork chops, onion gravy, 3 drinks ales to Scotch and literally a "root beer" float made with ice cream and ale beer!Upon waitor's recommendation I ordered the upside down pineapple cake and it literally melts in your mouth... incredibly delicious!  All in all a very good experience prices from $5 - $50 on menu!  So works for everyone, great venue for business, nice occasional dinner, drinks, date, happy hour.Definitely worth a visit!
4	Hello Blue Hound,Trying something different. Haven't eaten at your place yet but we'll be there this weekend and let me tell you why. Just moved to the area and using Yelp to find a place near comedy show this weekend and looking at all the places to chose from and the Blue Hound stood out. Why? You take the time to answer the reviewers whether they be positive or negative. It shows us pride in what you do. Looking forward to our experience.
5	I was so excited when they built The Hotel Palomar at City Scape. I love the sustainable concept and reused materials and art that make it so unique.  The blue hound kitchen is a very hipster and very kool. Joe and I went there on our date night a few weeks back. I don't know the bartenders name but his handle bar mustache was fantastic I loved his style. This guy was absolutely talented. He wasn't your run of the mill cheesy bartender you normally run into out here. The drinks were awesome and unique... Joe ordered an oaxacan punch he loved it. next time we go we are trying the smith and wesson.
5	The Chef here is amazing, food perfect, service awesome, the bbg mesquite was perfect, the shishito peppers with the miso to die for. Chef came out to speak with me, going to come for dinner, try out some steak.sine of the sweet corn soup.
5	Well I have to give Blue Hound the fifth star for the service, atmosphere and of course the food.  We went with the chef's choice four course menu. Everything was perfect but I especially loved the double cut pork chop. Can't wait to return
5	My wife and I came here for our 26th anniversary dinner, while stating at the hotel, and the experience the staff of Blue Hound provided ranked this dinner among the top three of my life! Through out the staff at Blue Hound was attentive and professional, but also gave us our space. We were seated against a window with views of Phoenix skyline and the old court building, On our table was a card congratulating us on our anniversary signed by several people on the staff (one wishing us Happy Birthday - my wife's favorite).We started with cocktails and at the waiter's suggestion I had a Lawless (Bourbon, homemade bitters and liqueur and served in a glass that was presented upside down over smoldering tobacco smoke). It was sweeter than I expected but very balanced. My wife enjoyed the Romeo & Violette, choosing only based on the name of the drink. Her drink was not as sweet as I expected but similarly balanced.For dinner we both had the Chef and Bar Geek out for $48.00 each. This was four courses, of which three were served with cocktails and none were on the menu. The manager, mixologist, sous chef, and chef each visited our table several times. They started by asking for preferences and allergies (non) and then explained each cocktail and course. The first course did not have a cocktail and was a cod served with olive oil, fennel and other ingredients the four cocktails now have me forgetting. The dish was mild with tangs from the fennel and spices. I remember thinking that I'd never have order this on a menu based on the description (I need to broaden my horizons), but it was amazing!The second course came out after we were presented with a watermelon flavored and vodka based cocktail served with the foam of egg whites on top. We were guessing what the course might be based on the drink, but didn't come close. The second course was soft shelled crab on a bed of local sweet corn. We had never had soft shelled crab before so the waiter explained that we did not need to remove the shell, but could just enjoy it all. I enjoy crab, so I'm not sure why I've never had soft shelled crab. All together it was delicious again and also something I'd never have considered reading on a menu. The third course came out after we were presented with a cocktail based on the house mulled wine topped with egg whites. It was a heavy and spicy drink (and amazing) so we were predicting beef or pork for the next course. The third course was pork belly topped by a poached egg and served on a chorizo aioli with Mexican spiced corn cut off the cob and a Blue Hound tater tot. I  was glad to see the tater tot, having read about Blue Hound's tater tots here, but my wife never would have ordered it. . In fact, it is here where I am relying on pictures and the third cocktail makes it a little fuzzy. Just the same, it was also amazing and we were stuffed at the end (yeah, we could have stopped and not eaten it all, but that was neigh impossible). Prior the fourth course we were presented with an espresso-based cold cocktail that had us guessing chocolate. The desert came after we had had time to let the prior three courses settle over conversation; not so soon as to rush us but not so late as to have us looking for the waiter. Desert was the only course where we received different dishes. I was given a pineapple upside down cake under medjool ice cream with salted carmel sauce (this was the only item of the evening that I later saw on the menu). My wife was given some sort of flour-less chocolate cake with a salted carmel sauce and ... well, I forget the rest. The pineapple upside down cake was just so good. She ate half of my desert and we both had far more than we should have. We both liked her desert, but the pineapple upside-down cake with the carmel and ice cream what just right. The dinner came in under $200 for the two of us including tip. To be honest, I'd expected it to cost far more and, considering the quantity and quality of food and service we received, the price was a bargain. Blue Hound will definitely have us looking for excuses to come downtown again. I was happy we were staying at the Palomar so the right "home" was just an elevator ride. To do even just the three cocktails (ha! even just!) that came with the "geek out" experience I would definitely need a taxi or designated driver home. Thankfully the Hotel Palomar has fantastic summer rates and a room was less than the price of a car or taxi.
5	Amazing food and the BEST service i have ever received in a restaurant!
2	Terrible.  shrimp small and not peeled or de headed. I came to eat not to catch and clean.   Drinks are small and way over priced.   Food did come out fast and restaurant looks nice
2	I bring my wife here for cocktails on special occasions and it has been a great experience. On this visit I was told my wife's drink (dark and stormy) was served in a Collins glass due to the on going theft  of the copper mugs normally used to present the drink, and the ginger beer that they made in-house was very time intensive and that they now use a mix. Needless to say I will be looking for a establishment that cares about making a $10.00 cocktail that they can present with out excuses.
4	It was a little easy to overlook, but distinctly classy, even compared to the rest of CityScape's watering holes. We stepped in and waited...and waited...staff looked at us and kept walking, as if we weren't hip enough to breathe the air in such an establishment. Don't make eye contact with customers who have just entered and then walk away. That's customer service you should have picked up at whatever previous jobs allowed you to land here. "Maybe it's closing", I muttered, looking at the hours posted on Yelp. "They're still douchebags here."Just before we were about to leave, your mustachioed mixologist from Michoacan swooped in to completely redeem this trendy bar. I am a gin man, not a whiskey guy, so I was totally lost regarding what to order. Good thing this is a bartender I can trust, I thoroughly enjoyed every sip of the "Ours is the fury" (strange name) that he recommended for my sweet tooth. I would have certainly tried more, but be careful! These are strong! It was a Monday night, and I had stuff to do in the morning.But I'll be back, and I'm going to try several styles of whiskey. And recommend this place to my more manly, whiskey-loving friends. I find myself going out for a cocktail quite often nowadays. Between quality liquor and woody, classy decor, Blue hound totally deserves to see more of my business.Oh, and there's food, too. I'll update you when I give that a try as well.
5	Great staff quick service and amazing menu. You need to start with the fries, Charred Pork Belly Sliders, Shishito Peppers, Hickman's Farm Deviled Eggs and the International cheese plate called Family Farmed Cheeses and if you are still hungry, order the seafood stew called Low Country Stew and/or the ribeye. If you like to drink, please order the Lawless. An amazing whiskey drink with some great aromas!
5	We had a great dinner her before a show we were seeing. We had drinks here before but this was our first time having the food and man it was good. We ordered the tater tots and deviled eggs to start. The tots were so good, we wished we ordered the larger size. They had bits of bacon in them and to be honest, they were a bit of a salt bomb but in a really good way. The deviled eggs were delicious and creamy and some of my favorites I've ever had. For dinner we split the pork belly flat bread/pizza thingy. YUM -the caramelized onions with the salt bite from the pork - it was delicious. I would definitely go back here again for drinks and most certainly for the food!
5	Took my boyfriend here for a going away dinner as he was leaving for vacation the same weekend, and I wanted to wow his pants off with somewhere we have not tried yet that would have different and fun ingredients. Parking was a bit of a hassle, but we ended up parking in the same garage as the restaurant so it worked out to our advantage that the other lot was full. Service was great, waiter was very polite, prompt and gave great suggestions.The food was amazing! We had the Deviled Eggs, Tater Tots, and Risotto balls for apps. The smaller portion was perfect to taste, and not leave us too full. I ordered the scallops and he ordered the rib-eye. The rub on the rib-eye was amazing, and the scallops melted in your mouth. I will defiantly be back here with him to try other menu items! I made reservations at 9 on a Saturday, and there was barely anyone in the dining area so I don't feel the need to do that again.
2	1. Warm prosecco. : -(2. No wifi (and free wifi advertised is the reason I chose this place)3.
2	Went here last night prior to the Paul McCartney concert.  Food was good, but the noisy atmosphere was awful.  Could not even talk to my wife without yelling which is what everyone else in the place was doing.  Server said the noise was because of the concert and that they were crowded.  It is a bad physical design with nothing but hard surfaces.  Go for the food but not the ambiance.
1	So I met some friends here last night for cocktails. We sat at the bar. The bartender, Juan C,  was AWFUL!!! Ordered a bottle of champagne and he didn't even put it on ice. He gave us dirty looks all night and went out of his way to ignore us. Worst service I have ever had and we still gave him 20%. The food was good but if you ever go here and you have him as a server then LEAVE!!! It was that bad. I don't think I can ever go back after that. Shame, I have always liked this place.
5	I give them 5 starts for follow up! I've been here a few times, lunch,  dinner, drinks. .. Can't say the experience is consistent. Sometimes is great, others just OK,  and sporadically amazing. But,  I have to say the manager is fantastic. After waiting to be seated for our reservation for a while my family and I ended up leaving.  It was raining and we were cutting it short on time for the Paul McCartney concert. No big deal, it happens. But I was surprised to get a call the next day from the manager!! Talk about going the extra mile. .. She apologized,  I said no worries,  I thought that was it. But she said to come for drinks on her, that they would have my name saved for whenever I came back.
4	We had a great lunch here today. Our waitress was super ! The Kentucky fried chicken sandwich was so good!!! That lavender dressing was weird in a good way ! The steak salad with arugula and stone fruit was also very good, the peppers were super spicy.  We would come back for sure. Love the decor and the view.
4	This is really hard for me to right because I love their cocktails so very much. They are unique and different (one of their drinks they came out with a glass of tobacco smoke to infuse with their whiskey cocktail). My only issue I had was that they only had one bartender working on a Saturday night, though he was excellent service was a bit slow for a Saturday night. All and all I will still come back.
2	Last night was my third time here. We decided to meet friends here while waiting for a table across the street at Bitter and Twisted. It would be an hour wait they said to get a table at Bitter and Twisted so I thought that should be more than enough time to pre-drink at Blue Hound. 45 minutes after waiting, someone finally takes our drink order. Then, about 20 minutes later we get our drinks just in time for our table to be ready across the street. So, our group of 5 had to chug our cocktails, which were mostly beers and a whiskey diet for me and a vodka tonic for a friend (so easy cocktails), and pay right away to make it in time. My 2nd time there was before a concert. My hubs and I decided to get dinner with drinks beforehand. Food was delicious. We really enjoyed the pork belly. Deviled eggs also a treat. BUT... After ordering my first drink, I asked if I could keep the cocktail menu a bit longer. The waiter looked stressed and said, "We only have a few of these cocktail menus" wanting to take it from me. I didn't know how to respond. I just looked at him. He then left the menu with me anyway, and when he came back, I gave the menu back to him and said that I had taken pics of the drink menu so he could have the menu back. Awkward, right? Perhaps I was out of line just to keep the drink menu longer but I was excited to see what to order next since the cocktails are good here. That first time here? Oh, we didn't have reservations so we didn't get a table. Understandable on a Sunday night.. We ended up seating at a table thinking that it was part of the bar area and not the restaurant. It looks like a family size round table but "outside" of the regular restaurant side. It's on the outside of a ceiling to floor divider. 30 minutes later, the hostess said we couldn't sit there because it's part of the restaurant. That's why we weren't able to order anything, so we walked over to Copper Blues...
5	An absolutely foodie's heaven - loved everything about this restaurant - the decor, the service, the imaginative menu, the cocktails (oh! the cocktails!!!) - all top notch...Wouldn't hesitate to recommend and we will definitely be back :-)
3	Interesting menu. Drinks way over priced. Bone in pork belly was ok. Not enough to eat $12 vodka.  Would go back to try something else H
3	Usually this place is 4 stars, but it gets knocked down because tonight our service was particularly bad. Left our table to get drinks at the bar twice, even though the restaurant wasn't particularly busy. Knocks it down to a 3, especially when I was just telling my friend how great the service is here...
5	Stopped by last night with a friend for a quick drink and a bite to eat and was really happy we did! Great food and drink and exceptional service!
4	Definitely a must do in the city. I learned about Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails in Phoenix Magazine's issue in the top chef's in the valley. And Executive Chef Stephen Jones was featured in the magazine. Great atmosphere, food, cocktails and decor. My husband and I got the Partner in Dine meal special which consists of 2 small appetizers, a sandwich and a salad. I highly recommend this meal special if it's your first time. It was cool seeing Chef Jones at the restaurant. I look forward to visiting Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails again.
5	Definitely one of my favorite spots in downtown!! Awesome cocktails, friendly waitstaff and some of the most experienced and well versed bartenders I have ever had. The pork belly sliders, the seemingly traditional downtown PHX shishito peppers and the casual atmosphere make BHK one of the best jump offs for a night in the central corridor. Perfect start, or end, to every night.. Definitely gets packed during the peak dinner hours tho! So go prepared!!
5	Awesome happy hour, very well crafted drinks, love the old fashion and Juan is my favorite bar tender!! pork belly sliders are delish as are the shishito peppers. :) great atmosphere.
1	Sadly disappointed, waste of $90. My wife and I had been to Blue Hound the first few years when it opened and loved the BBQ ribs, deviled eggs and drinks. We planned to have a nice night out again and eat some of the traditional plates we had but they changed the menu and sadly disappointed in the portion sizes, lack of creativity and flavor of and in the food. To begin the deviled eggs were nothing compared to the ones at Del Friscos. Lacked flavor and taste. My wife had the Swordfish which was good, and I had the Neiman Short Ribs - bad decision - it was mainly thin flat meat with fat and tasted bathed in salt.  When I told the waiter he looked at me as though I didn't know meat had salt and said they were "salt friendly" as though I would have changed my mind.  The manager walked over shortly after and asked how the sharing of our first dish was going instead of apologizing and asking if there was anything they could do to make the experience better. When the next dish was brought out, Trout, it too tasted over salted but as I was too hungry I ate it and just wanted to call it a night. I WILL NEVER GO BACK!
4	Not impressed with the dinner menu, but the lunch is great! I can not order the the Cobb salad, it's very refreshing. We live in the cityscape residences and Blue Hound provides our room service. I'd say the room service is mediocre but the restaurant is great. The drinks are expensive but there's a lot of thought in each one & mixology is a craft.
4	Been here several times. Brunch was unimpressive, lunch was solid, happy hour is  great and dinner was down right delicious. Also the cocktails are made with care, premium ingredients and creativity. I'd highly recommend the "lawless" whiskey and tobacco bitters and served in a glass full of vanilla tobacco smoke. I would also highly recommend the risotto croquettes, short ribs and deviled eggs. A few reviews claim this place is expensive, if your worried about that, trot on over to the tilted quilt next door or chipotle across the street.
4	Our first time staying in Phoenix and glad we went here based on the reviews we read. Great cocktails, good food and very good service, thoroughly recommend to anyone staying in downtown.
3	Hmm, where to start....Walking in, was greeted by a friendly hostess and place has a modern/rustic feel which I enjoyed.  I ordered a Bloody Mary to start and it was pretty good.  Had good spice to it, wasn't too heavy on the tomato juice side. Good flavor and simple, didn't come with an entire salad bar which I don't care for so that was a plus.   For the food: I ordered the chicken and waffles. While they weren't bad there definitely wasn't anything special either.  Overall they just lacked flavor.  If you've had LoLos before these do not even come close.  Just bland over all.  To me the best thing on the plate that had the most flavor was the syrup.   Service was good so no complaints there.  While I would give this place one more chance I wouldn't order the same thing again.  It is on the pricey side so I guess I expected more a punch for the price.   If you do come I'd say perhaps temper any expectations you may have and just take it as it is.
4	lovely lunch spot for a meeting right in the hotel.  loved my choice of the tacos but there are other just as good.  Atmosphere good and the wait staff is fabulous!  Don't ask for sweet tea, just saying if you are from Georgia.
4	Evening stated off horrible. Had reservations, didn't get seated and dealt with a rude bartender and beyond rude customers while we waited. Spoke to the manager, he got us seated immediately and from that point on, our service was impeccable. Our server, the manager, and the food were fabulous. We will definitely be back.
3	It's 3 months after my initial review and the prosecco is still not chilled enough. What up????
5	I can't tell you how amazing our waiter James is. We had such an amazing time. James guided us through so many gorgeous craft cocktails. Seriously, order the "lawless". Stephanie, their drink MASTER, whipped up what I assume is a tobacco voodoo orgasm concoction. You will not be disappointed. Thanks so much for the amazing drinks, the phenomenal tater tots  and all the laughs James!!!
1	This is the third time that we went to the restaurant and I have to say whoever hires people here now needs to get fired. HORRIBLE service. Hostess has no idea what she is doing and let's get real she's not performing brain surgery here. We decided to sit at the bar and only two seats were open, both of which the bartender was saving for his friends. What a mess.
4	I had lunch there with my niece and our waiter James was amazing! We had a bowl of fruit that was amazing and mac & cheese that he needed more flavor but other than the experience was amazing the food just needed a little work
3	This place is OKAY food is not as good as it should be for the price. We sat for a solid 15 min before we got drinks they were slammed but not my problem. Cool place to drink but dinner was nothing special. I did have brunch here though & that was great so I would suggest that.
5	My go to place in Downtown Phoenix for business lunches or special occasions. Great food that changes with the seasons, there's always something different on the menu. Friendly and knowledgeable staff that never disappoints.
3	Atmosphere is awesome, but the food selection is average.
5	Excellent service and very friendly and experienced bartenders . Exceeded expectation - the bourbon "lawless" was excellent. Shared big ass steak and  adequate for both of us .
5	Amazing service and tasty, creative food!  I had the pork belly sliders, roasted cauliflower, and hamachi.  I didn't expect to clean my plate but each dish was expertly prepared and just so good!  The wait staff was very knowledgeable and helpful, and customer service was top notch, overall.  A great Phoenix dining experience!
