5	Love this car wash!!! Fast, easy service you pull right up pay and they give you a air freshener and a damp cloth to clean-up the inside... Once you've finished you can pull around and utilize their free vacuums... My car always comes out looking so shiny... And they have a membership... Will definitely return and have already several times...
5	Tried this carwash this weekend.  I saw this place while on a neighborhood run a few months ago.  I was looking for a "drive thru" carwash so I didn't have to put up with pushy sales guys at the full service places AND (even worse) the dreaded windshield chip guy.This place is very nice.  They've got a bug clean/ truck bed clean station before you pay.  The payment kiosk is easy to figure out (touch screen) and they have a good selection of various services. ie basic wash, standard wash, premium wash, you just bought the whole shebang wash!, and various upgrades you can buy, or reject (without the pushy sales guy).  The attendant guides you into the wash so you don't have to feel like a bonehead if you miss the tracks, they even inspect the bed of your truck and remove any debris if necessary.I will definitely be using this place in the future.
5	I drive on the freeway quite a bit and get bugs galore on my windshield. Nice to know I can clean it up super quick for 3 bucks. Free vacuums are pretty sweet too. The dudes guide you on the rail to allow you to look cool vs missing the rail completely and crying in shame.
5	Dear reviewers reading, Just went through here I love it!!!! I have a new red scion and my mom had a bad experience at automatic places like the brush scratching the car but not here! I loved it so much I'm going to become a member now so worth it. And no pushy sells man and they help you get on the little course. I was scared that I would scratch my rims but nope very awesome and I'm a beginning driver HA so I love this place now very cool. So worth it.
5	I have a fairly new BMW 5 series, meaning I usually try to stay away from automatic car washes in fear that they might damage my car. Not this one! As others have said, they obviously designed this wash very carefully, it does an incredible job. The facilities are extremely clean. The vacuums are free and suck really hard, they have carpet mat holders and even a free carpet mat cleaning machine (don't be scared, it works great!) Plenty of shaded parking and BIG spaces as not to crowd people out. Most definitely 5/5 stars, I'll be coming back here whenever I need a wash.
4	After a tiring and busy week I need a friend to aid me with old automobile... And it's a serious thing that fast and friendly is here to help me out! Our auto needs also a special treatment.
