5	Tucked away in the back of Le Studio in the lovely rehab-ed portion of Downtown Mesa is THE best aesthetic store you will ever find. If you are looking for a place to find wonderful professional products- please visit Bertha at Alexander's Aesthetics! Bertha is tremendous. She offers the best wax in the business, Cirepil- the original from France- as well as Dr. D. Scwab skin care, all of the intrinsics disposable products and so much more! I am always amazed at the array of products that Bertha carries. Even better than the products are the professional classes that are offered monthly. I have been a client with Bertha for over 5 years and I wouldn't think of going anywhere else for my professional products.
5	I have been a customer of Alexander's Aesthetics for many years now.  The customer service I receive from Bertha at Alexander's is stellar.  She is always there for me, especially when I have a "rush" order.  Considering I'm out of state, she makes sure I receive my products when I need them.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  Bertha and Alexander's Aesthetics is the BEST!!!!
5	Amazing! Bertha will go above and beyond to give you the best. She carries Cirepil wax and the best in aesthetics supplies. She is also always putting together the greatest advanced classes. These classes give you an edge in this industry and will boost your confidence in everything from brazilians to brows! Thank you Bertha for all you have done for me and my business.
5	I just had my first experience with Alexanders Aesthetics. I live in So Cal but I found them online. I needed some esthy products and I found their prices to be some of the best. It's always a little nerve wracking ordering online from a new business since you never know how that is going to turn out (i.e. over charging, not receiving products, late delivery, lost delivery, fraudulent business, etc). Well the ordering process was quick and simple and I received my order in 3 business days which I was not expecting. I was pleasantly surprised! And I was so happy that everything was properly packaged and shipped (my products weren't dinged up and spilling out). I will definitely be doing business with them in the future!
5	love love this place! Birtha is sweet and knowledgable.
5	This is a great Aesthetic supply store and I highly recommend. Bertha has Aesthetic supplies that you can purchase locally rather than order from out of state.  She has a very nice selection of professional products. I was running late one day  and desperately needed to purchase some supplies, I called Bertha to let her know I was on my way and she told me to take my time and that she would wait for me. OUTSTANDING customer service Bertha, Thank You. Bertha also caters to Aesthetics Students who are not quite licensed yet. If you are a current Aesthetics Student you just have to show your student ID. I think this is such a wonderful opportunity for the Students as they are not only practicing during school hours but they also practice outside of school hours. Normally Aesthetic supply companies will not allow anyone to purchase Aesthetic supplies unless they have a license.
5	I get most of the supplies I use in my esthetician treatment room here. it is very clean, I love the staff, & the prices are affordable. I use the Skin Scripts line of professional products sold here and I love that I can pick up waxing, eyelash extensions, and  facial supplies all in one store. I love this place!
5	If you are an aesthetician, laser artist or body waxer this is the place to be buying your supplies!  As an instructor, this is the ONLY place I would take students to buy supplies!  Knowledgeable, Affordable, Friendly and STOCKED!! Bertha is very accommodating and I love Christie who is very knowledgeable about waxing and the proper waxes to buy! They are housed inside of LeStudio Salon in downtown Mesa..park out back!
5	Bertha's new location in Gilbert is AWESOME~  She is more convenient to my house and is on the SE corner of Elliot and McQueen!
5	Love doing business with Bertha!  Staff is always very helpful if you have questions, and they have a heart for the small business owner.  Great prices, super fast shipping (always get my items the day after I order).  Recently purchased the dermafiles and LOVE them.  Clients love the treatment and it has upped my facial revenues significantly.  They have paid for themselves over and over.  Much better investment for me than a micro machine!
5	I love this place!  Ive been shopping here for 4 years and its grown and expanded a lot!  Bertha offers everything I need for my small waxing and eyelash studio.  She is always there and always helpful and talkative.  I also took the Eyelash Extension class here and  I really enjoyed it!  Thanks!
