5	I have two Maltese litter mates who are 4 years old as of 12/2012. I'm uncomfortable leaving my "boyz" in a boarding or kennel cage if I need to go away and, after a "friend's" neglect resulted in my previous Maltese drowning, I couldn't leave the boyz with anyone either. I was delighted to find Doolittle's Doghouse. The owner, Tori, has pet nannies who will care for your companion either over night or for daytime only. The nanny we selected was fabulous! I just needed someone to care for my boyz while my house was being painted. The arrangement worked out perfectly: I'd drive them to the nanny right before the painters arrived and pick them up by 6 PM each night. I am hoping to spent a week "back home" in NYC this fall. I will most certainly leave the boyz in the care of Doolittle's Doghouse.Very highly recommended.
5	If you are looking for a wonderful way to "board" your pet while you are away, I highly recommend Doolittle's Doghouse!  Your pet will stay in the home of a carefully selected "nannie" who will provide loving care while you are gone.  (No more cages and dog runs!)  As a veterinarian, I make recommendations very carefully and I highly recommend this service to my friends, family and clients!
5	I'm a worried dog-mama and hate leaving our beagle, Belle, at pet hotels where she has to stay in a crate all day. I was so relieved to find Doolittle's Doghouse as a solution! Dogs are placed with loving, well-equipped sitters who shower your furry loved one with attention all day instead of in 15 minute increments. The owner, Tori, pain-stakingly learns everything she can about your dog to find them the right place to stay and to make sure all their physical and emotional needs are met. The couple that ended up watching Belle sent me daily texts and photos to give me updates and to show how much fun she was having. And to top it all off, the price is so reasonable!I will only use Doolittle's Doghouse going forward!
5	Fido and Poochy are in good hands with Tori and her hand-picked group of nannies. Don't "paws" for a second if you're looking for someone reputable and reliable to look after Muffy while you're out of town. Simply "do little" and they'll Doo the rest:)
