3	It's actually UNIVERSITY SQUARE Food Court.  Someone please edit that.  Typical mall food court--meh food (Chinese, Japanese, Italian and subs lol) but GREAT decor.  Free wireless and uber large flat screen TVs--like 20 of them and a projector.  Good place to meet for a quick lunch, study group, or business meeting.  I've done all three and everyone seems to enjoy the court if not the food.  During the warm weather (2 months out of the year) the patio section facing University Avenue has the glass doors open--great spot to people watch and call out people's name you know and watch them turn around wildly wondering where it came from...
1	The last thing UW-Madison needs at the end of State Street, where locally owned, diverse restaurants are available to suit all tastes and price ranges, is a mall food court. Sure, Sabarros is fine- but go to one of the two Ian's within 1-6 blocks away.  Quiznos is Quiznos, but instead choose one of the 3 sub places on State Street instead where there are more options and more character.  Against everything I believe in, I would even suggest Chin's over the stir fry places, if only because the atmosphere is less sterile and you can be involved in the energy of State Street. The only appeal that I can see is that there is tons and tons of seating room and no one would ever bother you if you decided to stay and study for hours.  For that, the large tables and giant windows are nice.
1	Aside from Bubble Island, the U Square Food Court is underwhelming at best. You have a choice of Quizno's Subs, Stir Fry '88, Nori Japan, and Sbarro's for food entrees. It's kind of like they took the very worst of a typical mall food court and condensed it. Quizno's is the only restaurant here that I ever consider eating at; Nori Japan offers teriyaki chicken made-to-order (it's alright), but it's neighbor, Stir Fry '88, only has stomachache-inducing American Chinese food that's guaranteed to have been sitting under a hot lamp since 11 am that morning. Speaking of hot lamps, Sbarro's is another place here that offers what appears to be day-old food, roasting under a light bulb.To their credit, the decor is nice and upscale. It is also kept spotless by the janitorial staff, a welcome change from the typical food court experience most people are probably used to. Since I work across the street, my coworkers and I often end up eating here during our lunch break. If I had the choice, however, I would only come here to get bubble tea at Bubble Island. Everything else is fairly subpar, and there are better places to eat in Madison. It still beats grabbing a $5 sandwich at Memorial Union, though.
1	Thier bubble Tea is about the same quality as Bubble Island... Pretty poor. When Compared to the Bubble Tea at Jade Mountain it doesn't hold a candle. If you want real Taiwanese style bubble tea you're better off heading somewhere else like Jade Mountain... or China town.
