3	went for lunch.  drab decor.  service was average.  food, i guess was above average.  i've tried the shepherd's pie and buffalo chicken wrap.  both ok though  nothing spectacular.
4	An institution as a local pub.  Lots of parking at Waterloo Town Square.  Food is good and service attentive.  Decor is drab but remember, it's a pub!
4	A brunch and day drinking favourite!Between the solarium for cold days, and the sunny patio in the summer, there is nowhere I'd rather be in Waterloo when I'm looking for an afternoon pint or a greasy breakfast in the morning. They get a great turn out for all the soccer games, it might be all the televisions inside or it might just be that soccer fans love waitresses in pleated skirts (the staff uniform).The solarium (no televisions in here) probably seats 40-50 people and makes even cold miserable winter mornings seem bright and cheery. They serve a mean brunch (though make sure you're not in a rush because the service isn't snappy). An absolute MUST is upgrading to the Duke Chips, it's $0.49 and so worth it! Their patio in the summer gets lots of sun and is the perfect spot for an afternoon pint, or two, or three! I can't speak for the evenings but this place is the ideal pub during the day.
4	Highly recommend the Reuben sandwich, best in town! Wonderful with a frosty pint.I enjoy the live music during the week, and it's a great place just escape the hectic pace of life.
4	The Duke is a good pub. You can go anytime and have a decent meal and get some drinks and it will not break your budget either. They've got a good selection of drinks and the cocktails are well made. I've gone for breakfast there quite a bit and I must say that it is consistent and tasty. If your meal has home fries, remember to upgrade to the Duke chips. The only thing lacking from the breakfast is some fruit and health/low fat options. The lunch/dinner menu has plenty of reasonably priced meals and having sampled some curries, fish-and-chips, and burgers, they seem to do a good job with everything. The Duke definitely has some interesting architecture and decor. It gives it a really great ambiance and every time I've been it's been busy with people like a pub should be. There is a solarium, which gets tons of light at the front, and a neat skylight that shines onto the back of the pub. There's also a patio out front, weather permitting. Lastly, if you like English football (EPL), this is a good spot as they do show games on several TVs.
3	I am really in a rock and a hard place when it comes to The Duke.  The last 3 times I have been there their service has gone completely downhill. The food is great (for the most part) and they have multiple vegetarian options, especially on their dinner menu. Typical pub fare. They also offer a breakfast menu which I became very fond of. Unfortunately there is some sort of miscommunication between patrons, servers and kitchen staff at the morning here. In my more recent visits I have asked for my breakfast sandwich to have no bacon and instead tomatoes (you are charged extra for this, and mayo as well) I guess someone wanted to be nice because when I turned the sandwich over i saw multiple pieces of bacon. I did not eat my food. Previous to that our waiter didn't write down our order and our meals were backwards, which became more of a problems because I don't eat meat. Our drinks tasted off too, i had a tequila sunrise and my partner had a ceasar. Neither of us drank them as they were both off tasting, and mixed terribly wrong.Don't get me wrong, i love this bar. Great atmosphere, friendly people,good music and something for everyone. Sadly, after all this mishaps I won't be returning. I give the food 2/5, the service 3/5 and the atmosphere 4/5
4	One of my favorite places to go for breakfast (especially after a night out)!The atmosphere feels like you are a in a real pub and they have great live music on some nights.  It does get pretty loud so I wouldn't suggest coming here if you were hoping to have a nice quiet evening! The food is average pub fare.
1	Bad service.
5	Favorite pub in town! Whether a Friday night for a couple of pints it suday morning for a hot brunch, the duke never fails to deliver. The live music and welcoming atmosphere make every patron feel as if they are personally being invited for dinner.
4	Cant go without my breakfast skillet.  Take it up a notch by getting them with duke chips,  makes it.
5	Great food, service, beers, and a sweet spot top watch European football. recommend to all.
