4	If you're familiar with the format of Chipotle, you'll feel right at home at Taco Taco.Walking in, you start off with a choice of food (tacos, burritos, bowls, etc.), along with the individual ingredients like meat, beans, and salsa that go into your order. The great thing about this place is their extensive selection of meats, ranging from the familiar carne asada,  to even some vegetarian options like soyrizo.For my first visit, I went with an al pastor bowl. Everything was fresh and tasty. Their approach to food is a lot less greasy than the typical taquerias around town, which made it so I didn't waddle out of the restaurant with deep sighs of caloric regret. This is something I really appreciate, especially when I keep an eye out for a regular lunch spot. All in all, staff was very welcoming, prices are reasonable and food was definitely on point. Mark Taco Taco for another great new addition to east Vegas.
5	Ordinarily I would never review a restaurant where I had eaten on its first day of operation.But I'm going to make an exception for Taco Taco, because this place is LEGIT.The standard by which I judge all other tacos in Las Vegas is Tacos El Gordo, and specifically the adobada that they roast all day long on a spit.Well, taco fans, I can tell you that the pastor here ranks right up there. It's a little bit less spicy and a little more cumin flavor than the pork at El Gordo. I can't say it's better than the best but it's right up there. And like El Gordo, they make their own tortillas fresh right behind the counter.The pollo taco (an option absent from the TEG menu, incidentally) was flavorful as well, and the asada was savory and tender but the real standout was the soyrizo taco.You heard me. Soyrizo.Vegetarian options at Mexican restaurants typically make me feel like I'm missing something. But not with this. The flavorful, spicy fauxsage comes out topped with black beans - the perfect complement.Best of all? You can pimp out your meal with your choice of eight salsas and two kinds of beans, plus jalapenos and cebollitas.On the whole I'd describe Taco Taco as a hybrid of the authenticity of TEG and the attention to ingredients and health consciousness that you find at places like Zabas or Chipotle.I don't often find myself on the east side these days but it's good to know an awesome taco spot is there when I do make it over.
5	Make sure to order a Gran Taco! one of my favorites! such a BEAST taco! I dont hesitate to drive across town for some amazing food! Seriously one of the few taco restaurants where you can take a date! she will thank you later ;) if you know what i mean!! :D
5	Bomb ass tacos!! Coming from east LA I've had my share of some kick ass tacos and these rank right up there with the best! Tortillas are made fresh from a ball of masa as you order!! Meat is clean and flavorful!! Tacos come with all the fixings or you can fix them yourself at the salsa bar!! Best taco place in vegas hands down!! Ordering is a bit confusing at first but provides personal attention to your order as the different stations provide different meats and sides!!  Ponle Sal.
5	Best Al Pastor tacos in town! (even better than El Gordo!) always ask for pineapple slices!Chicken, Chorizo & Carne Asada are all amazing as well. if you are not sure which one you like best ask for a sample!I have been here 3 times! this place is legit. I will be back for more!
4	A decent taco place near our apartment! Though not the best tacos I've had (which clearly goes to Tacos El Gordo), It would still satisfy any taco fanatic's soft taco cravings. From pastor (adobada), tripa, lengua, or the usual carne asada, Taco taco is definitely a place to bring your friends and have some guilty pleasures. Just make sure to wash your hands after.
4	Four Stars... Not for the tacos themselves... But for the SALSA BAR!!! I still think TACOS EL GORDO has THE best tacos but this place wasnt bad. They have ADOBADA too but I guess it is called AL PASTOR here. I just didnt feel like it was as flavorful at El Gordo.The salsa bar is the shizzznit though! Nom nom. Like six different kinds of salsa, i could just eat them with a spoon! Good prices on everything and they have A LOT more food options like burritos, rice bowls, tacos, corn... My first time having Mexican Style corn too! The corn was cooked perfectly! Crunchy yet sweet, not mushy... As for the flavorings it was MEH. It could have used MORE flavor but I would still order this again just cuz!
4	Another point for the EASTCYDE! I had to check this place out because of all the positive reviews. I'm now a familiar face at Taco Taco Mexican Eatery.This place has a very similar setup like Tacos El Gordo, but has a little more variety on the menu, a nice salsa station, and is much more spacious. I like the fact that you can order rice bowls, burritos, and grandes tacos from their menu. I tried their rice bowl with the al pastor. I was hoping to get the al pastor straight from the roasting spit, but it was taken from a container from that station. The rice bowl was okay, but I know it could've tasted better if the al pastor was freshly cut off of that beautiful stack of heavenly marinated pork. The al pastor burrito was alright also. It had pinto beans and I think rice. I can't say that I was a fan. My all time favorites are still the regular $2 al pastor tacos topped with pineapple. While waiting for my order, I'm checking out the tripas just chillen in the next station. The homie cuts me a few samples. MMMMMM grimey. I ended up ordering a couple of tripas tacos also. Soon after getting your order, you will find yourself at the salsa station. There is quite a variety of sauces to choose from. Their pico de gallo combo'ed with their other hot sauces is the winner. Don't forget to get some onions and peppers at the salsa station. I was hoping to see an Orange Bang on tap in the establishment. They didn't have my favorite drank whenever I'm eating tacos. They did however carry the Mexican bottled Coca Cola. Sugar sweatened Coca Cola tastes just like how it used to taste like when I was a kid. All in all, I really enjoyed stuffing my face at Taco Taco. Another great brick and mortar taco shop to spend my money at. SATISFIED!!!
5	This is a LEGIT Mexican food establishment.  I mean, I took 5 years of Spanish living in San Diego, so I can kinda get by, but this is a place where all the workers speak Espanol to each other and I couldn't keep up!  And when I ordered in English, I felt very much like a Gringo!  Damn, I wish I had practiced that Spanish more after high school!Anyway, let's get to the food.  They have burritos, quesadillas, tacos, and bowls, but I went for the little street tacos!  I got one asada, one carnitas, and one al pastor.Asada: Meat was very flavorful and juicy.  Sometimes when you get asada at other places, it can by dry and tough.  This stuff was delicioso.Carnitas: They were ok, not my favorite of the three.Al Pastor: WINNER WINNER WINNER!!!!!  This meat was INSANE.  Such good flavor, and the sauce they put on top of it was great!  Only thing I didn't like was the chunk of pineapple they put on top (I really hate pineapple), but it was ok cuz I just gave it to my husband.Tortillas: I have a big problem with corn tortillas because they always split in the middle when you try to pick up the taco and all your innards get everywhere, but NOT HERE.  These tortillas held it together and were nicely toasted.Salsa Bar: 1 salsa? 2 salsas?  No. SIX salsas!!!  And there was a smoky spicy one that's the kind that's so spicy, but you can't stop eating it because if you stop your lips will burn so you just have to keep eating it!!  A good burn.  Also, there were carrots and even beans at the salsa bar.Ambiance: The restaurant is very large, very clean, and they even had live entertainment singing.Too bad this place is on the East Side, a good 30 minutes from my house!  I want that al pastor meat every day!
5	I have only had the beef and the chicken tacos from here because they are so good I haven't been able to change it up yet.  Super friendly service, amazing salsa bar and a wonderful vegitarian menu.  Go east side!  This place is a treasure!
4	Killer Tacos from Outer space! Not really Outer space. Just Pecos and Tropicana. The tacos are killer though.I'm intrigued by Taco Taco because:MUSIC: It's really loud and goes from Red Hot Chili Peppers to some hardcore Mexicana shit that brought back memories of a booze cruise in Cabo wih ten professional surfers, jungle juice bong and wrestling masks. GOOD TIMES.(Donkey were not present on the booze cruise.)CASHIER: She is a darker version of Shakira, dresses really stylish and either wears a jewel or has a flippin piercing in her forehead. Whatever the case I think she looks like a gypsy and it's awesome!SALSA BAR: Yes, this salsa bar wins and then wins again when the other salsa bars are checking their smart phones for tips on how to win. The salsa bar has over eight different salsas, carrot/onion mix, peppers, limes and other shit I know is there, but didn't reach for. It's always clean and well stocked.FOOD: It's all about the tacos. I've only done the carne asada and it's pretty bomb. They don't destroy it by slopping on a fist full of guac. either like another taco shop on E. Charleston across from the old Macayo Vegas. Tacos are $2 a pop and full of meat. It's a deal. The burrito? Not so much. I swear it was $6 for the carne asada burrito and it had more rice and beans nonsense than meat. Stick with the tacos, add chips for $1.25 and head on over to the buffet of salsa. Overall Taco Taco is a solid taco option for people near this area. The staff is friendly and fast and the restaurant is clean and has plenty of seating and the tacos are the best in the neighborhood. Ideal spot for a quick lunch or a long romantic one with your special whorechatta or lil' bambinos.
5	This place easily beats TEG!!  Try the Vampiro style tacos.  Vampiro is like a tostada that is smothered in cheese, carne asada and avacado.  So good!
5	I came here three times in 10 days. That should say something! Not your typical Americanized Mexican-type food. Very authentic, and their carnitas and carne asada grande tacos are fantastic! I also got the carne asada burrito bowl with no rice. The red and green sauce here is far better than many of the other Mexican restaurants I have attended.The best thing here is that they appreciate individuals who observe lent by offering grilled fish and shrimp in taco, burrito, and bowl form(s)! Their jalapenos are the best! I love this place!
5	If you know good Vegas tacos, then you will know what I mean when I say this place is an awesome combination of Los Tacos and Chipotle.  But cheaper and just as good.  My coworker and I decided to try this yesterday for lunch, on a whim.  We were a bit confused about where to start the order, but once we figured it out, it was fine.  We ordered the Grande Carne Asada taco, rice and beans, and chips and salsa.  All of it was goooood!   There is a salsa bar with about 6 different salsas to pick from. The tacos were big and full of meat.  The staff was super friendly and welcoming.  Tacos don't get a lot of attention in this celebrity chef, fancy schmancy restaurant market.  But these tacos are good!!  Why does it get 5 stars?  Because I would return tomorrow to try something else.  Or to order the exact same thing!
5	Yummy times infinity!! Love the tacos de lengua, their super soft and not overly salty. The Jamaica is tasty and fresh, I went on a Sunday when they were offering buy two get one taco free (I think it was only that night). I'm excited to try other stuff too, but so far hands down on the tacos de lengua, tacos de al pastor, and the salsa bar.
5	By nature we usually compare new things we try to our favorites. I think my comparison for Taco Taco is definitely Gordo's! Upon seeing the lay out it does scream copycat, but looks are deceiving because I think their offerings are better than Gordo's the only point ill give to Gordo's is their adobada. Taco Taco wins in everything else.I love Gordo's, but its always so busy! I know dumb reason to knock them, but I am happy to have discovered Taco Taco from friends.I'd also say it's like a chipotle mixed with a Gordo's. There's a large seating area. It's always clean. The salsa bar is legit! It really is an awesome thing to have for your customers especially when you're not dining in. A label for each sauce would be good.My first visit was during a lunch break.I was the only person ordering and it took awhile for my food to get to me. Considering the large staff I just didn't see how it was possible. I can't knock them for my making my food fresh, but Gordo's is quick.Whenever I try a new place I always go crazy ordering new things so I can get a real taste for their food. This is my final conclusion on their food.I had their al pastor gran tacos which were yummy. I think the flavor is too salty, but still good. They are like a "supreme" taco of sorts. It's larger than their regular tacos and are packed with meat. I've also had their carne asada tacos which are good. Their fries come in full and half sizes and they also carry nachos in both sizes. You can get any meat on either. I had a bowl today that was also really good. You get a lot of choices on what you can have on the tacos. One disappointment was when I had a language taco their was no sauce on it. Since the salsa bar has so many salsas this shouldn't be a problem, but maybe a suggestion for which sauce pairs best with each meat? Overall it's a hit for me.My only gripe with the place is that I don't like their ordering system. The staff is nice in that they don't send you to a different area they'll just tell the order to the "correct" person. If they found a good ordering system and a way to translate it to their customers it would make it easier for them to take orders, easier for them to serve customers, and they'd make more money in return. They have shrimp on the weekends, but they have run out the three times I've been. I can't wait to try them though.
4	I love how they offer vegetarian options for none meat eaters. I tried the soy-rizo taco and it was delicious!
4	A decent option for the east side of town. I went twice in one week. The chicken and carnitas are pretty good but the show stopper is the Al Pastor. The beautiful marinated meat gets carved as you order an topped with all the good street Taco ingredients.Friendly and helpful staff. The music is loud and flows through the place. Sweet new lunch spot!
5	Thanks for the hook-up, Yelp!  This place rocks.  I had three small tacos, chips & salsa, and a drink for under $10.  The carnitas were tender, the carne asada was great, and the pastor was intensely seasoned (the way I like it.)  Second time I got the azteca special taco with nopales, and a pastor burrito.  Again, with chips, guac, and a drink for under $10.  Buying chips for a dollar is a great bargain with that huge salsa bar.  And unlimited fountain drink refills with Coke Zero -- high five!!  The seating area is huge, and clean, and the music is blaring -- which isn't awesome for intimate discussions, but entertaining nonetheless.  The order system is definitely confusing, I never know who to ask for what -- they all talk to you while you're looking at the menu, so you feel like you can order from anybody, but I guess you're supposed to order the items at the station they're assigned?  *Shrug*
5	These are by far the best tacos in Las Vegas! Even better than TEG my previous reference and I believe the inspiration for Taco Taco, methinks the student has surpassed his master. I had the Great Bandini trifecta: Asada, Carnitas, and Pastor, all the meats had tremendous flavor and the servings were generous. The Pastor may be the best I've ever had even better than TEG in Tijuana.Please go NOW to Taco Taco, the work they are doing is wildly important, they deserve our support.
4	Went to Taco Taco for lunch today after reading all the good reviews. I must say that the reviews were absolutely correct. The food here was very good.I ordered an Al Pastor taco, a carnitas taco, a carne asada taco, and a Mexican street style corn on the cob.The Al Pastor taco was really good. I had never tried it before. It kind of reminds me of BBQ in a weird way. Meat was tender and the pineapple tasted good.The carnitas was good too. Carnitas is usually my favorite at other places. It was good but a little dry at the bottom of the taco where no toppings were. I just added some salsa from the bar and it was perfect.The carne asada had very nice flavor. At first I thought I wouldn't be happy with it because it did have some fat. When I have had fat in carne asada at other places it's hard, chewy, and grisly, so I was thinking this would be the same. It wasn't, luckily this was the melt in your mouth type of fat with tons of flavor. Not sure if I just lucked out.The Mexican street style corn was the bomb though. So so so so good. Corn was cooked perfectly, nice little crunch, not overcooked and soggy. The cheese and seasoning on it gave the perfect balance of salty and spicy. I would come back here just for the corn.Over all the food was really good and the place was clean. The dining room was a comfortable size. And the best thing is I ordered 3 tacos and a bottle of water and my bill was under $11. (BTW I ordered the regular size tacos, not the big ones)The only minor complaints I have is, as other reviewers said, the ordering is a little weird. I first ordered with a girl at the front. She walked over to the side so I followed, I then repeated my order to two more people. I was never really sure where I was supposed to be standing or where I was supposed to order. Everyone was really friendly though and was patient with my confusion.My only other complaint was that the music was a little loud where you have to order so on top of my confusion I was having a hard time hearing the employees.I will definitely make another trip back to Taco Taco for my next taco craving.
3	If you love Chipotle and love almost authentic Hispanic food, then this is the place for you.So I wanted to give this place a two because I read the reviews and was excited to try the place. I drive past it daily on my commute to and from work, so it was inevitable that I would try this place.What anyone failed to me is that is a Mexican version of chipotle. So I am telling you. Yes, they have a salsa bar, yes they have more meat options. I tried the al pastor bowl and it was decent. I was slightly disappointed because it had mozzarella cheese instead of authentic Mexican cheese. We also tried a chicken burrito and it was good, solid eats. But nothing to rave about.If you are in the mood for Mexican, then definitely try this place out. You just might love it. I just expected something else.I probably would have been better off if I stuck with the tacos. I would go back just to try that but not sure anything else.
4	Awesome tacos! Even better than Gordos! The extras are free, where normally most taquerias charge extra for, like the beans and the grilled chiles and green onions. They also have awesome fresh jugos (juices) for beverages, salsas, elotes (corn) and I think the tortillas for the tacos asada are home made. I have been here twice already and coming back for more.There are 3 separate lines for different meats, so make sure to get your tray ready and tips in hand as they will hook it up! The 4th and final line is the check out line to pay for all the grub! I would have given them 5 stars if it weren't for my favorite taqueria back home, "La Pasadita" in Chicago IL.
5	Delicious.  Super fresh.  Sparkling Clean.  Friendly.  Amazing meats and incredibly generous salsa bar that includes beans, roasted jalapenos and scallions.   And it's close enough to UNLV.  First timers please note:  ordering is confusing.  Relax, smile and be patient.  It's worth it.
5	We arrived and it was 3 minutes until closing and they treated us amazingly.   They did not close the door on us and they insisted we come in and order and waited for us until we were done.   Customer service is not dead at this place.   In addition, the food was amazingly good.   Tacos al carbon were delicious.  The corn was spicy but good.   I will be returning.
5	I'm always on the lookout to try one of my bookmarked spots for lunch and I decided to give this place a try when I was having a major elote craving. I arrived around 12:30 and the place was pretty busy but not too packed. I decided on some Mexican corn and two tacos al pastor. Everything looked really fresh and handmade and it all smelled so good. While I was paying I chatted with the cashier who asked how I heard about them. I told her about Yelp and she was glad the word was spreading about them so well. All the employees were really nice and friendly. Before I left with my goodies I had to stop at the famous salsa bar to get some delicious toppings. They really keep everything very clean, which makes me happy and they have so many salsa options which is nice. They have a really and clean dining area and everything is super cheap.I enjoyed my tacos right away and they were amazing! Some of the best I've ever had. They were so juicy and had amazing flavor. I was absolutely in love after the first bite and it just got better and better as I ate. I finished my two tacos and was sad that they were over. On to my corn. This was really great. Very typical Mexican corn. I liked that they kept it a little more on the crunchy side, which I prefer. Everything here was fabulous and I am already planning my return really soon!
5	Good stuff! We tried this for lunch one day, then went back for dinner. It's big and clean. Order at the counter, pay the cashier and seat yourself. Employees are friendly. Great fish tacos, great carne asada tacos, yummy elote. We will be going back!
5	Confession Time. Authentic Mexican food places intimidate me. I am very interested in trying out new things but rarely do because of the language barrier. The staff at Taco Taco are the nicest most helpful staff I have ever had at an 'over the counter' restaurant. My first time in they took the time to explain the entire menu and let me sample all the different meats. It was a great experience. I settled on soyrizo.The food is excellent. As a confused white guy I think of Taco Taco as a chipotle style establishment with real Mexican tastes. I make a point to stop by and try something new whenever I am on the east side.
5	The most Authentic carne al pastor tacos in Vegas.  Fresh, juicy and so tasty. If you like Mexican food then you'll really like TACO TACO. Great staff, extremely clean place and quick service!
5	My second review.Taco Taco has become a weekly tradition for me. I come after work on Fridays as a gift to myself for all my good behavior of not dining out and not buying food during my work week I end my Friday by hitting up Taco Taco. I have come to love their burritos and although I am a fan of tacos I have always been more of a fan of burritos. Upon first coming here I ordered tacos, because well, the name. But after returning a few times I branched out. Believe me, everything here is good, not just the tacos.Many have compared this place to kind-of-sort-of Chipotle. I sort of agree. The burritos here are made in the same fashion - pick your meat, pick your other ingredients. I LOVE their pollo here. It has such an amazing flavor and the rice has a rich flavor as well. Beans are on spot and the tortillas are perfect - not too thin, not too thick. Needless to say I love this place. I just want to tell the (Yelp) world!
4	When Yelpers start flooding a place, there's a good chance you will not be disappointed. I thought I was trying a new, hidden establishment on Tropicana and Pecos.  It's new, but it is not a secret--Yelpers will find good food! ORGANIZATION: The best thing about Taco Taco is the organization and service. Unlike so many taco spots in town where you may wait around in confusing "lines" shouting out jumbled orders, there are large signs directing hungry customers.You simply look up and find the item you want to order and head to that (well marked) line. Easy.SERVICE: Better even than the signage is the service. Every employee is helpful and warm. I've been back a few times and each time the employees have greeted me with a smile and a warm disposition. It's funny how a smile goes a long a way. From the folks making the tacos to the cashiers, there is a professionalism about this place that I enjoy and respect. You don't have to break into side conversations or endure any annoyance from put upon employees here. Someone has done some training here; the attention to service gives this place an advantage over many others in town.FOOD: The food is solid. The taco meat is well seasoned.  I had some minor quibbles with texture and depth of flavor, but the food offerings that I tried (tacos and vampiros) were good. ALL IN ALL: This place is clean and well lit. They've got a great corner spot in a quiet neighborhood strip mall and I will definitely be back. The food is good and the service is excellent.
5	Taco Taco Taco Taco Taco Mexican Eatery. That's what this place should be called as I would like to eat that many tacos here. I have been a couple times now--once getting tacos and once getting a burrito bowl. Both times I had the scrumptious al pastor--I would steal that thing and eat it on the curb like a corn on the cob. Actually I know that's gross but I still would. The salsa bar is where it's really at, though. There are about six different flavors that I would drizzle on cereal for chrissakes, but the real winner is the green with the little bits of avocado in it. It makes everything taste better. Are you having a horrible day? Eat the green salsa with the little bits of avocado in it. Did you just get dumped? Eat the green salsa with the little bits of avocado in it. The first time I went with Dana S. there was a woman who was literally stealing the salsas and saving them for later. She was asked to leave. Hey, I'd steal the salsas too.
4	There are a lot of things to like about this place.  Ive only been once so far but I do plan on coming back to try other menu options.  When I was standing in line deciding what to order I saw the cooks making nachos for someone else, they looked good so I decided to order that.  I really like the way they prepare the nachos and really melting the cheese good.  Not too many toppings, really only cheese, beans (Black or Pinto), choice of meats, pico, sour cream, and guacamole...but the guacamole is really good and they gave me a huge amount of it.  They also have a salsa bar with lots of salsas to choose from, and even some beans and vegetables.  The price was great, less than 7 bucks.  I like that everything is being made fresh right in front of you.  You can watch them make the taco shells from scratch.  I really want to go back and try those tacos, they looked really really yummy.  It was good food, good service, a clean place so nothing really to complain about.  At the same time I wasn't blown away by anything either so 4 stars sounds about right.
5	First off I'm mad, I'm mad that l had lived in the area for almost 7 years, moved away to another part of town, and now there are more restaurants in this area going up.  I am MAD. haha.  So I knew there were 2 new taco spots in the area and I wanted to try both of them. When I first pulled up I thought, oh cool a nice little corner shop.  After I parked and walked over to the corner shop I saw the other half of the business and thought, YES! It has a big dining area and multiple stations but when I came in on a Thursday night there was no customers except me and another customer it might be a sign. Anyways I just tried them because it looked nice enough and I was already here. As with every business I first venture to I must explore the menu before ordering, trying to remember things I can include in the review, I must've looked a little curious because one of the girl workers, I think she was a hostess, approached me and we started having a friendly conversation.  I don't remember what we talked about but it eventually ended up with me getting a plate of meat samples, SCORE, and ordering some lengua tacos, I'm sure I must have said "How's the tongue?" and "I would like some tongue" in our conversation, not "I want some beef tongue tacos."I went with two tacos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-taco-mexican-eatery-las-vegas?select=YjOw4JLUEZ36X9O5BYS6hw#G6-xTt9g3-Q3DAQ_84_c7w  The al pastor and lengua tacos, both were delicious. The al pastor meat was layers upon layers of awesome tasting pork meat cooking in it's own juice with other spices on a spit.  Request for the meat in the middle or lower section of the spit, a lot more juicier and not as dried up as the top.  The top section is still good too it's crispy and pineapple tasting.  Once in the tortilla it was topped with onion, cilantro, pieces of pineapple, and a green sauce.  The lengua meat was tender and topped with onion, cilantro, and a green salsa.  I'm a sauce guy and I love that there's various sauces and complimentary ingredients you can add to even enhance my food. Hook it up with some of that habanero sauce please. Their condiments bar have everything from grilled, or was it fried, green onions and peppers, various sauces/salsas, limes, radish, and carrots. I might be forgetting a few other items but this condiments bar is probably one of the main reasons their 5 star in my book. This might be my favorite place because they variety on their menu.  I mean you can select from tacos, burritos, bowls, nachos, fries, etc.  There's like 12 different meats you can put.  If you're vegetarian, they have something for you.  I wonder if they sell alcohol, if they do I'M NEVER GONNA LEAVE. I'd hang out here cause they also have a TV and those various Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines, which I always pick up and look through.The customer service here was awesome.  Very friendly and their ordering system is easy to follow.  You're not going to get overwhelmed here or seem hurried.  They have a bell hanging on the wall that I think you're suppose to ring if you liked it, GO crazy and ring the damn bell if you like it.They're located in the North East corner of Pecos and Tropicana, where there's a Bank of America.  It shares the same building as BOA but on the North, opposite end, of the building.  There's a few nice shops between BOA and TT, just make up an excuse that you have to stop at the bank then come here before or after. Also at night the area is well light outside and it's not in a bad area.  They have a website that you can order from, nice flyers, and a nice interior so it seems like some money has been put into the business.Oh yea it's just a bus ride out from UNLV or if your in the Tropicana or Pecos route.And they now serve beer!!!And during lunch it gets busy.
4	After hearing so much about Taco Taco I suggested it for dinner this last weekend. We made the drive across town and arrived around 9 pm. I could see as I was opening up to the door that nobody else was in line so I was a little nervous but with all of the hoopla and the drive over we wanted to give Taco Taco a shot. The signs above easily direct you to the line you want to order from. I knew I had to try the "Al Pastor Tacos" so I ordered 2 of those. I asked for pineapple but the worker said they didn't have any. I have seen other pictures with pineapple so they must have just been out for the day. I then made my way over to where hubby was at and I ordered a "Cheese Quesadilla" and a "Asada Taco". Hubby had already ordered a "Asada Burrito". You can choose corn or flour tortillas and they do make them right in front of you. By the time we finished ordering the place had filled up so we beat the rush! We grabbed our food and headed towards the back and found a pretty nicely sized dining area. There was a salsa bar with a variety of stuff. I didn't get anything from the salsa bar so I can't comment on if it was good or not. I can however comment on the following:Cheese Quesadilla - This was priced at $2.25 and very good! It was filled with the perfect amount of cheese and wasn't really greasy. I would order this again.Al Pastor - Priced at $2.00 each these didn't blow my socks off. It was missing the pineapple I love so much and just lacked the flavor I have had at other places. This is usually my favorite thing to order but not so much here. I will probably give it another try on a different day to see if something is different but if not I wouldn't order it again.Asada Tacos - These were amazing. Such good flavor! I wish I had gotten more of these than the al pastor but I will know for next time. Asada Burrito - I didn't like this. Hubby gave me some to try and it just didn't have the same flavor as the asada in the tacos. They did pull the asada meat for the burrito from a different place then the asada that was on the grill for the tacos so I don't know if they make them different but I will personally stick to the asada tacos instead of the burrito.They offer rice bowls and have vegetarian options. I can't say I will make the effort to drive across town just to eat at Taco Taco but when I am in the area I will stop in for sure since it is a cheap and good.
4	Holy guacamole!Eat your heart out, La Comida.  Your tiny $11 guac had nothing on my 3x the size guac with chips for $2.05 here!Randal R. and I went as first timers today for lunch.  We walked in through the seating area and found our way to the other side to look at the menu.  I ordered a grilled shrimp taco and 2 lengua tacos to start.  Randal R. ordered 5 different ones (carne asada, al pastor, lengua, buche, and the May special chicharron with pickled onions).  He got Mexican Pepsi, I got Mexican coke.We were given a freshly roasted plate of green onions and jalapeno, but were chased by a cook with a steaming plate of grilled onions which were amazing with a squeeze of lime.  The salsa bar was stocked with radishes, limes, cucumbers, steaming hot beans, and 8 salsas.  I started off by grabbing the 3 green salsas.  I love green anything (except celery) so this was great, a trifecta!I had the shrimp first - stuffed with grilled shrimp, avocado, lettuce - sooo tasty.  Then, the lengua - it had tomatillo salsa on it along with cilantro and diced onion.  I added a squeeze of lime and some of the fresh bright green salsa too.  Perfection.  Juicy, tender, zingy...thank goodness I had 2!Then we decided we needed to do a salsa tasting - I got an order of chips and guac on the cheap and then got all 8 salsas lined up.  My fave was definitely the bright deep green one.  The habanero salsa had a warning but was not very spicy to me.  I really liked my meal and would definitely come back.
4	Good stuff.All the meat, beans, and tortillas are made fresh and all are good.They have a very wide selection of meats from your standard carne asada/carnitas/shrimp to the more exotic cabeza/lengua/3 things I never even heard of! On top of all those meats they even have soyrizo for you veggie types and I overheard somebody say the beans are prepared vegetarian as well.The ingredients all seem really fresh, and I liked the setup of different stations for the different meats (although nobody seemed to be following directions the day we were there). One complaint: while delicious, the 'gran taco' is definitely overpriced at ~$4.50 for fish or shrimp.It's not super close to my house, but when I'm feeling a taco, I would definitely go out of my way for taco taco.
4	Quick, tasty, filling. These three words describe Taco Taco perfectly. You order at the front, then move along to the different stations based on what you order. You can get your tacos customized to your tastes and watch them make it in front of you. Props for the open kitchen! I had the cabeza, carne asada and al pastor. My friend got the buche and carne asada "gran taco" style, which means it comes stuffed with cheese, beans, pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream and salsa in addition to the meat. I liked the cabeza the best, soft and with the right amount of spice.There was only one cashier at the time I went, and she was busy cleaning tables for ~10 minutes, so my tacos were getting cold unfortunately. But they still tasted good! I really liked the condiment bar once you get into the dining area. So many salsas! And they had beans!
5	got to get just a lil taste of the Taco Taco goodness at a yelp event tonight and im a huge fan already! I tried the al pastor sample taco and it was amazing! and i got a comp coupon to try their street corn on cob so ill be stopping in to get a real meal!
4	Where have you been all my taco life? I just tried some tacos at the Yelp 88xxxihibition event. They were amazing!!! I was raised on the border, and these are as authentic as they get. The tacos al pastor were...my mouth is literally watering right now. Apparently everyone else thought they were awesome, too. The line to get a taco was 15 persons deep when I was waiting for taco number two. Thank you, Yelp, for introducing me to them. I'm excited to visit the restaurant and will report back!
5	I was amazed to find an amazing taco joint disguised more as a hol-in-the-wall. They have so much space and they keep it so clean. My Spanish is not very good, but they certainly understood my Spanglish and my parents' English. I had to try each salsa they offered and I got the carne asada taco and al pastor taco. They convinced me to get the al pastor after giving me a plate to taste it. So yummy. They even had pineapples on the al pastor taco. Such a lovely surprise. I will be returning.
2	Finally had a chance to hit TT last week since I was in the area around lunch time.  Geez, not sure why this place is getting so much love.  I gotta admit, I was in a bad mood after parking, then walking by Geri's and  it appears the place has permanently closed - downer.So I walk in TT and confused by the lay out - a bottle neck at the register made it difficult to get to the apparent front of the store.  After almost causing a scene when my big butt bumped into another's tray as they were heading to the dining area I finally make it to the ordering area.  I went with an al pastor and an asada taco along with a Mexican corn.  As I sat in my car looking at the food, I frequently compared what I saw with what I get at El Gordo.  I feel the tacos are slightly larger at EG.  Also believe the pastor at EG is more flavorful.  Frankly, I found the TT food had little flavor.   The  corn - basically uncooked and not much in the way of cheese. I did like the sauce selection and the service was friendly.  I feel I need to give the place a 2nd chance and I will ... someday.
5	Vampiros Pastor taco is so insanely good.  Trust me.  Probably one of the best  Cheap Eat bites I've had in Vegas - ever...
5	Food and staff were great differently my new spot for tacos!
3	Still in search for the best Al Pastor in town!Taco Taco fairs well but average IMO! The al pastor was good, but not above the rest. They were completely out of Lengua and Chorizo, so I wasn't able to try them! The Asada was also average in my opinion.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-taco-mexican-eatery-las-vegas?select=GHocOcTO-lY_e310BQcHFA#GHocOcTO-lY_e310BQcHFAI usually don't order Tripas, but I decided to break from the norm and give it a go since they were out of most everything else. It was crispy, flavorful, and good!I really like their salsa bar here...8 different salsas, beans, veggies, etc! Way more expansive than any other I have ran into so far, and it keeps it fun and interesting!  It was a little odd adding salsa to tacos that already had salsa though, so this is more for people that ask for plain?  Probably for burrito orders and misc too.But since I am still searching for the best, I have to move on to the next!  Who else do I have to try??  Message me!
4	Updated Review: Oh what a difference some familiarity makes! 3 visits in I'm finding myself craving this place. It starts with Al Pastor burritos. This Midwestern guy moved to Vegas a couple of years ago and hadn't heard of things like fish tacos and had no clue what Al Pastor was. But I do now thanks to Taco Taco and I'm hooked on the stuff. And while the Al Pastor tacos were good, it was the burrito that made me have an OMG moment and fall head over heels for some Al Pastor burritos! Tack on fresh chips, Mexican Coke (when the cooler is working it's great, when it's not...ugh), and a seriously good salsa bar. When I say seriously good...I'm a salsaholic / salsa snob. I've met a lot of salsa that sucked...but not here. I found 8 different kinds of salsa goodness and for once it's nice to have to choose between the flavors and not because a salsa sucked. My first experience was rough but each visit keeps getting better and better. It's pushing the limits of being able to make it over here for lunch and get back to work on time but the food is good enough to make it worth pushing the clock to do it. Bump to 4 Stars...this place is going to be on my lunch rotation for awhile. Yum!
4	What sets this restaurant apart from its competition is it is larger, cleaner and offers a help yourself salsa bar that includes warm beans, sliced cucumbers, multiple salsas and spicy pickled carrots. My wife and I each ordered our usual al pastor tacos that proved to be equal or better than any in town.
5	Here's the scenario...You're hungryYou're on the way to a BBQHost of said BBQ is going to be 20 min late...What do you do? What. Do. You. Do?You say screw the BBQ and pick up a burrito at Taco Taco! Done deal. I had heard about this place during a late night Yelp menu reading session (it's a problem) and when I saw I was in the area, there was no turning back. Upon walking in you're greeted with the biggest taco shop dining room you've ever seen. Soccer playing on the TV, salsa bar to the right. Perfect. Problem? It was at least 100 degrees in the place. With griddles fired up in the open kitchen, you need that AC popping! I was forced to take this meal to-go. The menu is fairly simple. Burrito, taco, bowl, gran taco (taco with extra toppings). Fill with toppings and meats. Done. I rocked a burrito filled with al pastor (which you can see marinating in the corner), cheese, guac, pico, black beans, lettuce, hot salsa and a bit of rice. $7. Size? Perfect. A single meal wrapped up. Not a small baby or an app. Taste. WOW. Easily the best burrito I've ever had. The tender, moist spiced meat mixed with all the ingredients well and there was no 'filler bites' of rice or toppings. There was so much flavor, I barely used the salsa I took with me. Typically, I wouldn't give a place 5 stars based on one menu item, but considering the while menu is what I ate wrapped in different shells, I think it's OK. Skip the BBQ. Grab the burrito. Everyone will understand.
4	I feel like taquerias establish their authenticity by the number of ordering stations present - the more areas available for you to complicate your order, the more legitimate the place apparently is (i.e. Taco Bell with one cash register does not cut it).  I showed up around 8p with my friend Adam M. to check this place out after having a sampling of Taco Taco at the Yelp 89XXXhibition Block Party last month. I went in already knowing what I wanted to get - one taco each of asada, lengua, cabeza, and al pastor (hey now, don't judge - they are TINY tacos!). Seeing that asada requests were in one station, lengua and cabeza in the next, and al pastor in the last, I started by waiting in the first line for asada. A senora swooped in next to me, but I figured she was getting items from the other stations, so I didn't think too much of it. Then she started to talk - ohhh boy. "QUIERO TRES TACOS DE LENGUA, CUATRO DE CABEZA, TRES DE ASADA, CUATRO DE AL PASTOR - NO, SABES QUE? CUATRO DE ASADA. Y QUE DIJE, TRES DE LENGUA? NECESITO SEIS." Okay, for those of you who are asking yourselves, WTF is going on, essentially she was ordering for the entire Chivas soccer team as well as half of the Latin Grammy Awards production staff, except for some reason I only saw 4 people at her table, herself included. But what the heck! I'M waiting for asada, why is there no respect for the station and its signage!? So ordering is a little hectic. But once you can get beyond that, the service is super friendly, and the food is fantastic!  The al pastor is decorated with pineapple bits on top of the hefty chunks of pork, while the asada, lengua, and cabeza tacos are all very well seasoned, and when ordered "con todo," ("with everything") there is onion, cilantro, and salsas sprinkled on to enhance - not overpower - the meats. All of the tacos have very generous helpings of meats that, after being well salsa-ed, sit on the strongest little corn tortillas I have ever seen. Speaking of salsas, they have an awesome salsa bar as well - everything ranging from mild to habanero HOT, with chunky and smooth options too. They offer a free corn on the cob with any type of social media check-in (e.g. Facebook, Four Square, etc.) but they were out the night I went :( But they did offer me a free taco instead. I'm not an idiot to say no to a free taco, so OK! I'd definitely recommend bringing cash - it seems like their credit card machine is touch and go, so save yourself the hassle of having to go out to the Bank of America just to get more dinero.
5	Move over El Gordo's. Taco's are $2 each, with burritos under $6. Nothing is overpriced here! I went here at first because of their Jelli radio ad, but from that time, I was hooked. I often bring friends from out-of-town here and they rave that they cannot find anything like that back home. One meat beats all other: Al Pastor. I can order four of those bad boys and still eat more. Their asada meat is also okay, but rather dry. I can spend $8 here and be so full I would not eat lunch the next day. If you're in a group (because this is the only way to avoid single person gluttony), get the fries with al pastor meat. Comes with cheese, lots of guac, and other fixings. I would recommend only ordering the half size because that was enough to feed four people and then some.Everyone is really nice -- even when they heard my order wrong, they still fixed it and delivered it to our table. The salsa bar is immaculate, with six different types of sauces. The space is always very clean and they play a variety of songs. I enjoy watching Telemundo variety shows, though. Their customer service is also amazing -- we came in one day after EDC and they were running a special. Proof of attendance = 1 chorizo taco. PRO TIP: Check in via FB/Yelp and receive a corn on the cob -- they've seasoned it with hot pepper and buttahhh. I never knew until the cashier mentioned it.
5	Delicious food and it's fast and fresh!! I'm so glad they opened up Taco Taco in my neighborhood. Everything I've tried is super tasty. I love nachos and I think theirs are especially good and they aren't a soggy mess, the chips stay crunchy and the toppings are yummy! One of my favorite things about Taco Taco is the salsa bar! I believe they have 8 different kinds of salsas to add to any of their delicious items.
3	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: I can definitely sink my teeth into their vampiros again but everything we ate had a "but".  It was good, but...THE MEAT: The restaurant space is large and yellow and very clean, greeting you with yummy aromas and shoulder bopping Mexican music.  They have an open kitchen and a veggie/salsa bar too.  We had the large Lengua Taco (the tongue was cooked perfectly, BUT it was bland, and it came with beans and equally bland guacamole so the whole thing was bland), the Nachos with Chorizo (this was good, BUT the guacamole was bland and the nachos itself were fried/very greasy) and finally, the Al Pastor Vampiros (this was VERY good but the meat was a little dry. Still, this was almost perfect, try it with another meat).  I regret not ordering the corn!  We were too full by the time I remembered. Sniff.  Will we go back?  Maybe for the corn and vampiros.I'M STILL DIGESTING... that bland guac.  It needed onion, tomatoes, acid, salt and a lot of love.WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-taco-mexican-eatery-las-vegas?select=pmQGuyCjRXhGDGU9cIatjA#sC87c6ghrD8sG1NoMZQWGQ
5	This is yet another place decently close to me that I should have visited a lot sooner.  As it were, once I finally went, I went 3 times in less than a week....The first time, I had 2 gran tacos and a side of street corn.  The gran tacos are BIG, $3.50 each and fully loaded with cheese, meat, fresh pico, and avocado.  They are fantastic.  You pay $1.00 upcharge for seafood, which I did because I tried the shrimp.  They are loaded, in fact a couple of shrimp fell out and I still had shrimp in every bite.  The shrimp and carne asada are heavily seasoned, but not overly so.  The wife had shrimp and chicken, and I tried a bit of the chicken.  This may be the best flavored chicken I've ever had at a taco joint.  It had spice, but didn't turn my wife off, as she doesn't like heat as much as I do.  The street corn was fantastic, but messy.  So, I would recommend eating this while sitting down or next to a roll of paper towels.  The salsa bar is maybe the best I've seen at a taco place.  8 different sauces, pickled veggies, and a pepper onion mix that they could sell for $3.00 and it would be a bargain.  You can really dress them how you like.  I then tried a chorizo breakfast burrito (the next morning).  Probably the best breakfast burrito I've had in Las Vegas, which puts it in the running for best breakfast burrito I've ever had.  Only $3.99 and huge.  Packed with eggs, cheese, potatoes, meat and flavor.  The entire burrito was wrapped in foil which kept it piping hot.  I tried the bacon one on the next trip, but didn't like it as much.  Don't get me wrong, it was excellent, but the chorizo is where it's at breakfast wise.I was also very impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant and the kitchen.  The kitchen appeared to be very organized, and the employees are friendly and helpful.  This is a fantastic place all around, can't recommend it enough.
5	Best Tacos in Las Vegas. Make sure to also try the corn on the cob.
5	Everyone just shut up and listen to me for a minute!:::::Soy chorizo burritos in Las Vegas:::::Ok, so maybe you don't find this news as exciting as I do but you cannot believe the excitement I have for Taco Taco and their love of vegetarians like me.Until recently, trying to find veg-friendly, authentic, good Mexican food in this town was like going on a quest to find the Fountain of Youth.  It just didn't exist.  Sure, there were places that list "vegetarian" items on their menus, only to tell you that it's full of lard and chicken broth.  Then there are the tex-mex chain restaurants that are veg-friendly but about as authentic as this Italian-Hungarian girl making a burrito.  Taco Taco is The Fountain of Youth.You have your choice of burritos, tacos, bowls, and salads.  Soy chorizo is available, but for more health-conscious vegetarians you can just stick with beans and veggies.  Speaking of beans, they aren't cooked in lard or pork!  Woot!The burritos are large and can be stuffed with tons of ingredients.  The tacos have house-made tortillas that are cooked up the second you order them.  Now here comes a dilemma: do you get the burrito that fits tons of extras like rice and beans or do you go for the tacos with their delicious tortillas?  Life can be so cruel.They also have some special items like soy chorizo tacos that have been grilled (crunchy like a taquito) and topped with spicy salsa and cheese.  Or there are breakfast burritos with potatoes.  Then there's the horchata and Jarritos among the many beverage options.  And did I mention they offer a salsa bar with radishes, pickled veggies, beans, and eight types of salsa??  Don't you worry, meat-eaters, there are plenty of options for you and I'm sure they are just as good as my soy chorizo.Just a heads-up, if you follow them on social media you can stay up to date with specials they will throw from time to time, like 2-for-1 tacos on a random Saturday afternoon or a free corn for checking in.The owners and all the employees are super friendly and helpful.  Despite being on the opposite side of town, I've managed to make the trip out here far too many times.  Rumor has it they are looking for a second location which can be bad news for me if it's near my all my downtown drinking establishments.  Expect me to be 50 pounds heavier if that's the case.Check this place out! And if you're vegetarian, make sure to tell them thanks for thinking about us!
5	Maybe it is not fair to throw up five stars over two tacos, but as the saying goes, "All's fair in love and tacos." I had the al pastor (spicy pork) and buche (pig gut), and both were phenomenal. Taco Taco is a (brace yourself) taqueria. Sure, there are some other options (i.e. burritos, bowls), but tacos are at the crux of this business, and business is good. As per taqueria etiquette, you walk up to counter and order directly from the cooks. Feel free to try the various meats they offer (the cook I dealt with gave me a try of the al pastor unprompted) before making your decision. After grabbing your grub, Taco Taco has a large, clean, and no-frills dining area. My only knock is that there are not more tacos in the name. I would like to see them add a few and go with Taco Taco Taco Taco Taco in the future.
5	For the past year I have been living in Las Vegas I have suffered from serve authentic Mexican foot withdrawals...then finally my savior came in the form of a gran taco. Taco Taco ahh where to I start? The taco bar?? Loaded with spicy carrots, cucumbers, all types of salsa and even beans, you can have full meal from that alone! I go to Taco Taco about twice a week and I have gotten the Gran Tacos pretty much every time, the Al Pastor is out of this world no more of this Robertos BS!. I really happy this place isn't too close to my residence or I would be there every day!. Staff is friendly even was treated to free tacos on time. Soccer on the TV, great tunes bumpin on the stereo good vibes all around hard to beat this place!
5	Ok, I thought I loved this place when Molly and I would frequent it for our al pastor taco fix. But, a few days ago my co worker introduced me to al pastor breakfast burrito for $5.50. I was in love... with the burrito, not the co worker. The staff is always friendly and accommodating, there is a full salsa bar and the prices are beyond reasonable. I will drive out of my way for the breakfast burrito, it is THAT good.
5	Bad Remarks first. Their menu and ordering system is very confusing and counter staff was not helpful, until the cashier helped.I spent bank on nice restaurants in Vegas and hit Taco y Taco on the way out of town, entirely by accident. OMG! Their food is off the charts, delicious, excellent, just can't say enough good. I am from Houston who boasts a strong Latino population and my wife is Latina. But WOW....seriously....Taco y Taco makes every other cook or chef that makes this cuisine look like they don't know what they're doing. I came to the conclusion, after eating, that their ordering and menu system is designed for regulars because a place that great likely never sees newcomers, just a stream of loyal regulars. Makes consider moving to Vegas.Folks, their prices are good, their service is good, and if  you ask for help from the cashier about their ordering process then you're in for a treat. The best of the best and by quite a bit.
4	What can I say? The food is fresh and great tasting. Made right before your eyes, with real ingredients.
5	Great good and service.  Way better then Tacos El Gordo.  The only problem is that they're way too far from my house, but worth the drive
5	LOOOOOOVE THIS PLACE.I fell on love with Taco el Gordo, but it is so far from where I live. This place is much closer from where I live! And it's basically the same!!! I love their condiment stand. I saw like 8 different salsas and sauces. Their limes were fresh. I'll definitely be comin back to this place more often!
5	Order the nachos. Five bucks
5	Amazing! Greatest hidden Gem in Vegas! Awesome service and authentic food! Try the Corn.....OMG! The menu is a little confusing but they are willing to help you order. The Salsa bar is amazing as well. The only criticism I would give is they need Queso and chips. So, if your reading.....bring the Queso!
5	The "Y"  inserted in "Taco y Taco" must stand for YUMMY right?? Because that's what they are! FINALLY I found a really good place for my taco fix!!Not only do they have a variety choices of meats like Asada, Al Pastor, Carnitas, Lengua,  Tripas, they also have vegetarian choices and the make a mean crunchy taco with soyrizo! (pic - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-y-taco-las-vegas?select=yC13HfZPcIaWAYI-_IZIGA#yC13HfZPcIaWAYI-_IZIGA) The seasonings worked well and I would order it even if it wasn't Meatless Monday! The Go Tos - Al Pastor - rotating on a spit..well marinated. Every visit so far the slices I got have always been juicy and meat was never tough. Lengua - My personal favorite! Meat is so tender and seasoned right!Elote/Corn - Mexican street style is THE way to go! They roll it in creamy buttery mayo and sprinkle it with seasonings. So good! Salsa Bar - the creamy looking green sauce is my favorite and apparently pretty popular because it's the one that always needs to be refilled. It's a mild salsa. (I cant handle too much heat) All the meats sizzling on their grill, I was told by their employees come straight from the meat market Los Compadres, because the owners (Taco y Taco's) dad own that grocery store. The Drill - Self Serve for dining or to go orders -  Walk up to each of the designated stations and they'll take and custom make your order, pay and order your drinks with the cashier at the end.  Salsa bar located in the dining room area.  The staff is cool people!! Friendly! First time we were there they were so helpful.  The place is clean. The strip mall itself is clean. Parking is no problemo.  I like the set up of the dining area. Open and bright. Plenty of seating! Hmmm perfect for a UYF! (Unofficial Yelp FIESTA!)
5	This place has the best tacos and burritos! For  meat eater or vegetarians.
5	This place is pretty dang good!! All I got to say is elote!  We live in a neighborhood where they do not allow street vendors to come in and sell they way they do in North Town. I grew up there and miss the elote man so much.  Now I have a place to come and buy it!!! Love this!!
5	Amazing tacos in Vegas? Seriously?  Didn't see that one coming. I meant to hit a cheesesteak place (which has closed down) and something looked appealing about this place.  Grew up in L.A. and Arizona so have had TONS of tacos and this place has suddenly rocketed on to my top 5. The tacos are the way to go. Great tortillas, good fresh salsa bar and some of the best taco meat (asada, al pastor, pollo) that I've ever had. The Gran taco has extra "stuff" on it and worth trying. Next time I'm trying the Vampiros and a few other different meats. For a place just opened 7 months, this place has figured it out pretty quickly.
5	Me and some friends wanted to secure a place for our burrito fix during our stay at Vegas and Yelp led us here.  We each ordered a carne asada burrito and of course with guacamole cause guac is so yummy!  This is definitely an authentic Mexican food joint, but it had a Chipotle feel because they built each of our burritos step by step in front of us, which was a nice touch.  The staff is very friendly here and I didn't get that sketchy vibe that some good Mexican food places give off.  Definitely coming back here during my next Vegas trip.
5	Taco y Taco. Every Friday. Sometimes on Monday. Or if I'm having a rough day at work it doesn't matter what day it is, my car can practically drive itself there. My obsession? An Al Pastor burrito. Add on a side of chips and an cold bottle of real Coke, some cups of salsa from the salsa bar and life is instantly better. Ordering if you're unfamiliar with the place can be frustrating. But that is the only thing negative I can say about the place. The staff is super friendly, you have lots of different choices, and the price is good. But for me the Al Pastor burrito is just so over the top good...it keeps me coming back again and again and again...and I'm craving it as I sit here writing this updated review! 5 Stars! The pile of receipts in my car makes it clear they deserve no less.
5	my new favorite Taco shop in vegas. So just some inside info. I lived in Mexico for 4 months when i decided to do some traveling. and i never thought id ever be able to find a traditional taco shop again... until i came here. This place is freaking amazing. Im not one for red meat BUT the carne asada here is to die for. SO juicy and flavorful. I get a corn tortilla with the carne asada and all the fixings. onions, peppers, guac and cilantro. you know a taco is good when it doesnt need cheese... and the chips. OMG. homemade with homemade guac, and a slasa bar. what more could you ask for! at $2 a taco you will leave here stuffed without spending more then $10.
5	I decided to try this place on the strength of other yelpers and it was close to home!!  We were very pleasantly surprised upon entering from the back that it is a large and very clean restaurant.  We went up to the front and told Juan that this was our first time and he instantly began explaining the process and getting some samples ready for us to try.  We got some al pastor, carnitas and steak samples.  I went with the al pastor tacos and the bf got a tripas burrito.  He can be very picky about food and loved the monster burrito they made.  Service was fast, the food so fresh and so many choices available that I can't wait to go here again.  The prices are very reasonable and we were more than satisfied with the experience.  They have a large selection of meats and vegetarian choices.  This will be my go to place for tacos from now on!!
5	We really liked this place.   The Al Pastor really shined.   Carnitas were good and Asada average.   The Street corn was a nice change you can't get very many places.It just lacks the dive feel.   It is new, bright and clean inside.
5	Went for the first time today for lunch, and will probably be back for dinner.  Used to live in Texas, and treated tacos/burritos as a food group for almost a decade.  Fast and fresh.  Nothing is even close in Vegas.  Enjoy
4	I love Taco Taco.Everything I've had here is wonderful.I love the Al Pastor, the Lengua (which I'd NEVER had before I tried it here), the Vampiro, the Carne Asada, the Mexican Street-style corn...and the fish tacos are astounding.  Friendly and helpful, and they don't mind leaving ingredients off (I'm allergic to Avocado, so no guac here). :D
5	The best tacos in Vegas. Too bad this place is far away from me otherwise I would eat here 4 times a week. Solid good tacos with lots of meat options. It is simple but it is damn tasty. It is as good as a Mexican place can get in US. No frills just real food
5	can't get enough tacos.  Been back once a day since first visit.
4	Even though it's so close to my side of town, I never bothered to get out here until today. It's actually not all that hard to find after you turn from Tropicana on to Pecos, If it's your first time, enter from the street side to start at the front of the line and read the overhead signs to see what you can order. Go around the corner for the taco stations and try to line up roughly near a sign with something that you want, and just try to get in your full order.Shelling out $2 per taco isn't terribly expensive for the morsels of goodness that I managed to obtain, and being able to use my credit card was a pleasant surprise. I went for the al pastor, having heard so much about it, as well as the lengua (tongue) and cabeza (head meat) because those just sound good. The al pastor had a great combination of heat and sweet, the lengua was very good aside from one overly chewy bit, and the cabeza pretty much melted in my mouth in a very good way.This is a great spot that I plan to visit several more times so that I can fully dive into their menu. Stamp of approval... stamped.
4	I love Mexican food. Especially when it's Real Mexican food and this place is great. Been to a place similar so we tried the al pastor tacos and burrito. So good! All the salsas were great and spicy, also got the Mexican style corn and my boyfriend inhaled it! Can't wait to try the quesadilla , bowl and vampiro , it's far but worth it !
5	I actually drove here in the mood for cheesesteak, planning to try Geri's Old Philadelphia Restaurant after reading about it on Yelp.  When I arrived, however, Geri's was closed today for some reason.  I looked around and saw Taco y Taco.  A quick check on Yelp, and I was suddenly in the mood for al pastor!  Their style is similar to Chipotle - building your order to taste, but sooooo much better! The burrito al pastor is monstrous, and the al pastor was some of the tastiest I've had!  Their "Mexican corn" (esquite) is a must try, as well.  To top it all off, they have bomb horchata, and one of the most generous salsa bars I've seen!  I'll definitely be adding this to my list of regular spots.
5	I found this place on unlokt and had to immediately drive out to try it!  I wrote in a recent review how I have been searching for a good Mexican place for a long time and can't seem to find one!  Well...the search is over!!!  I have now found one! When we arrived everyone greeted us and welcomed us. It made me chuckle to be enthusiastically welcomed to a Mexican spot...that usually only happens at Japanese restaurants, and even then sometimes they sound like they could care less that I just walked in. Lol. I told them it was my first time and the guy smiled and cracked a joke and winked at me. I didn't really understand it so I just laughed anyway lol.  He offered me a sample of this amazing pork they had, and so I tried it.  It was so good!!!!  I told him I wanted a burrito with that pork, and so he started making the pork....then he told me to try this amazing beef that they have and it was even MORE amazing!!!  I changed my mind and  told him to not give me any other samples or I'll keep changing my mind!  :) It was a fun ordering experience for sure.  In my burrito I got lettuce, beans, a little bit of sour cream and lots of pico.  It was delicious!  I loved it.  Their salsa bar has a ton of salsas, the only thing I wish is that it had some type of description on their salsa bar so I knew what I was getting.  The food was delicious, the service was awesome, and it is definitely my favorite mexican place right now!  I just wish I could go more often, but it's on the opposite side of town so it's a bit of a drive for me.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I've been coming to Taco y Taco for a few months now. It's our go to place for tacos and burritos. The tacos al pastor ($3) are the most authentic I've had outside of Mexico. The burritos ($5.50) are large, filling and a great value. The salsa and veggie bar is a can't miss too. Love those roasted peppers and onions!
5	Omg what just happened? So much flavor! I wasn't expecting that!I had carnitas taco, al pastor gran taco and a mexican style corn.The carnitas taco was amazing, but i'm not sure if it was the taco itself the sauces i added from the salsa bar! Either way it was amazing.The mexican style corn was delicious.
5	great tacos. had one of each. carnitas, suadero, buche, cabeza and al pastor. never had buche before, (pig stomach) great flavor, salty but with a kick. cabeza was very moist, topped onions and cilantro. carnitas was served the same. suadero, had the same but also topped with chili verde sauce. the standout had to be al pastor. topped with the meat was a creamy guac sauce and pineapple. impressed with flavor. very friendly employees. and to wash it down, i had an iced coffee. different from what im used to getting. had a hint of cinammon i think. but definitely hit the spot.
4	In the area for a meeting mid-day , need some nourishment, still a little miffed Geri's cheesesteak is closed but hey, let's give Taco y Taco another try.This time it's taco fest - 2 al pastor, one carnitas and finally asada.  I believe all were $2 each.  Wow, much better this time around.  large portions, just the right amount of pineapple in the pastor taco, geez, I think I ate all 4 in about 3 minutes ( felt that way ) - actually looked around to see if anyone noticed my piggy ways  as I was scrubbing off my face ... good stuff !!I figure I can't push it up to 5 stars given my last visit until I have similar outcomes as this visit.  Yes, I'll be back !pic attached
5	We decided to try this place because of the reviews. We walked in and they were super friendly (We must have looked lost because they walked us through how to order. They also offered us a lot of samples of the different meats.  After trying 12 different ones (including cows tongue - which was really good until I found out what it was) we settled on the Asada Burrito and a couple of tacos. The shredded beef is awesome so is the Al Pastor (marinated pork). I found the salsa bar had some great variety and the ones I tried were really good.  I'll stop again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Stopped in for the first time from a friends'  recommendation. We tried a little bit of everything since we live no where near here. Not sure what this place used to be. Very nice, clean atmosphere. You seat yourself. They have a self service soda station and salsa bar. Some of the things we ordered were the Carne asada Vampiro and tacos. I was not a fan of the Carne asada. That is my only complaint with this place. The meat had a very smokey flavor to it. I know some people enjoy that, I'm not one of them. Especially with Mexican food. Smoked meat flavors are for BBQ. My favorite was the Al Pastor! OMG that's a MUST! I've gotta say probably the best Al Pastor I've ever had. I wish I would have gotten that in my Vampiro instead of the Carne asada. They have all of the regular Mexican dishes. Nachos, burritos, tacos, etc. I've never seen the Vampiro before. It was two mini tortillas with cheese,your choice of meat and cilantro. Think of a mini tostada sandwich. I uploaded a pic too.Ordered a chicken quesadilla. Nothing special. They put guacamole, sour cream and cilantro in it with the chicken & cheese. The CORN. Oh my yum, the CORN! On a stick, mayo, Parmesan and paprika. Don't knock it till you try it if you've never had it. Chips and guacamole were ok. I like fresh guacamole. Theirs is pre-made and portioned in the fridge, ready to go. I liked all of the different salsas they have.had to get an order of chips to try them all. They also have pinto and black beans at the salsa bar.
4	Even though they are on the other side of town from where I live, I find myself driving across town to eat here. It is one of my favorite taco places in Las Vegas. I strongly recommend the el pastor! The corn is amazing as well.
5	The perfect taco taco!!My new favorite taco spot. Try one and see how good it can be. So happy they are close to me.
3	3.5 starsI'd definitely classify this joint as white-people Mexican food. The servers are Latino, but speak English well. Other nationalities other than Latinos eating there. Really clean space. Meat: not too fatty. See, white-people Mexican food! Loved their fries; not a soggy one in the bunch. Covered w/ pico de gallo, cheese, guac, & crema, I had to stop myself from eating the entire portion & making myself sick. So sad that guac doesn't hold up well in leftovers *yucky face* Order first, pay after you get your food. I got scolded for paying while I was waiting for my food...reason for 3 stars instead of 4. Don't get your panties in a twist, homie. It was my first time here (& it'll probably be my last), cut me some slack. other strikes: i didn't see Orange Bang in the soda machine & carne asada was a bit bland.
5	Yum! So many options and at reasonable prices you can try more than one type of taco. The burritos are huge so maybe one will be enough... if not, I won't judge :)super clean, super friendly can't beat it :)
4	This place is probably my new favorite taco shop in Vegas. Everything I've had was tasty. Even the vegetarian options are full of flavor. Everything is prepared fresh in front of your face!! The staff is super helpful and go out of their way to make sure you're getting good food. The al pastor tacos I had were overstuffed!!! If you like funky cuts of meat, this place is for you. They have brains, tripe, beef head, and a few others I forget. But not your usual taco fillings for sure. I'm not adventurous enough to try a brain taco, but maybe you are. :)
5	Like one reviewer said... its like tacos el gordo and chipotle had a child and named it Tacos y Tacos.This place is fantastic with my only complaint being that unlike its mother chipotle it does not have ICED TEA!!! Perfect otherwise, great salsa bar with FREE BEANS!!! Extremely fresh and clean yet authentic feel.  Yes the servers speak english but this is a good thing! You dont have to feel like you are in the third world to enjoy great mexican food.  The fish tacos are better than what I used to get in San Quentin when I  lived there in Baja Norte.UPDATE: Their Eastern location DOES have "ICED TEA" but it is not brewed there it is some horrible concoction they bring out in plastic bags.  Again other than the lack of quality Iced T this place is 100% awesome.
5	Been here once before and i thought it was a mediocre chipotle wanabe. Just tried the mole fries and this place jumped to the top of my "best fast mexican food spot" list. Thank you taco y taco for bringing something completely different!
5	Best tacos in town! After years of searching for tacos for years with my boyfriend that I would actually enjoy eating and not push aside like I always do , I found this amazing place!! Better then tacos el Gordo an I will let everyone know .
5	Best tacos in the whole vegas Valley people are missing out. Pastor is killer here not to mention i love ther habanero salsa. I live in Henderson i don't mind taking a trip down here for sum tacos.
5	It was slightly complicated to order food at Taco y Taco. However, The staff behind the counter will guide you to the right direction. It took me a good solid minute to make sure I was at Taco y Taco from outside of the restaurant. Because the sign was missing the Y! Maybe I am blind. So, I walk in proudly from the wrong side of entrance to the restaurant. AKA: EXIT! I felt like a dumb lost tourist on the strip, but anyway, I attempt to place an order for some tacos trying to pronounce the meat selections in spanish and they understood me. Whoo hooo!!! Burritos are awesome!! You can customize it like the Subway. Tacos are super tasty! Free grilled green onions and Jalapenos!!! And there is a freaking sink near the taco station!! Thats a big plus for me because I have OCD, very mild one, I just like to wash my hands before I eat. They have corns and Coronas are only $2.50!!!! Say what?!?!???I am like give me a case of Coronas!! and take my money already!!I really like this place! super clean and staff are extremely helpful and nice!
4	Ok , I had to make a second trip here before I decided to do this review because the first time around I had a Carne Asada bowl. Since they are aptly named Taco Y Taco, this time around I made sure to try their tacos.So this second time around, me and the wifey decided to try different stuff aside from tacos.  We ordered  2 tacos. 1 Al Pastor and 1 Carnitas. We also got  a Carne Asada Quesadilla and a couple of Elotes.The Al Pastor Taco was ok. Flavorwise, I have had better. The plus was that they had a little more meat than others. The Carnitas Taco was even better than the pastor. The meat was tender and had good flavor to it. Both tacos were ok. I wasn't really blown away by it. What stood out for me about them was the price. It was 3.50 for just 1 taco while most places sell it for only 2 bucks a pop. I guess that's why they're called Taco Y Taco because it's almost twice as much as other places? :PThe Carne Asada Quesadilla was really good! Besides the good meat and cheese, they put a little bit of guacamole and pico de gallo in there. I asked for sour cream on the side for no extra charge. Now this was worthy of the 5 dollar pricetag they had for it. Last but not least, the 2 Elotes we got were pretty good. For 2.25 each, you can get it normal or "Street Style" meaning they throw butter and spices on it. If you have ever seen Nacho Libre, those very same Elotes you see in that movie are what you can get here.Service is decent. You order what you want, grab a tray, and slide on down the counter where they put the finished product on your tray. Since they have employees at different stations, you get your food faster because they can concentrate on those things they are assigned to make.The place itself is very spacious and can accommodate large groups at a time. Good job on keeping a place this size pretty clean.Before I go, let me mention the salsa bar they have set up. You have a total of 8 different sauces ranging from pico de gallo, to salsa verde, to extra spicy habanero! Besides that, they have the basic pickled veggies and sauteed peppers/onions that you would find in a fajita. So to me this is another plus because of all the unlimited variety of topping choices you can add to your meal.So in closing, I would  come back here from time to time, especially for the Elotes because not every Mexican place has them. I just wished they didn't charge so much for 1 little taco. This is what subtracts the 1 star. Still, they get a solid 4 stars from me.
5	I consider myself a taco expert I've been eating tacos since I was 1 year old I grew up in Tijuana Mexico the taco mecca of the world my dad even own a taco shop at one point  I've live in Vegas for 12 years since day 1 I've always been looking for a good taco shop and I found itTACO y TACO is the place I was looking for for authentic tacos.
5	A real find off the strip.  This is the place to go for authentic street tacos.  The carnitas were cooked to perfection and the corn on the cob is to die for!  Clean restaurant and friendly staff.
5	I ordered the al pastor tacos because it is a favorite of mine. The flavor was different than the norm but I loved them. The meat seemed a tad bit too salty but the tasty pineapple salsa balanced it out.  Service was also nice, salsa bar very extensive and fresh.  I also loved seeing my food prepared.  I can't wait to try everything else on the menu.Another review I read said the prices were high, they must have changed because the tacos are only $2 now, yay!!!! Great prices, great food, great service, nice atmosphere and music is a good mix. I will probably go back tomorrow for round two.
5	Really fresh food and friendly staff :) I recommend trying the carne asada fries and grand taco
4	I grew up in LA where hole in the wall taco shops were everywhere. Eating here reminds me of when I got out of school and all of us broke kids would pull our money together and buy as many tacos as we could afford. And although I've come a long way from that, I do still know where I came from. The menu is super simple. It's divided up into stations depending on what you want to order. You just tell them what you want and they make it right in front of you. Hot and fresh!!!! Like I said, get pineapples with the al pastor tacos. Mind f***ing blowing!! Meat is tender and melt in your mouth. And when you add the pineapple, salt and sweet together, boom!!!! You just can't eat at Roberto's anymore. The most I could eat right now is 4, but I'm sure when my appetite is back to where it was, I can scarf down 10 with no problems. Their condiment station is ridiculous. All the extras (cucumbers, radishes, carrots, etc) are always fresh and don't look like they've been sitting out for hours. There are multiple sauces to meet everyone's taste preferences! So good I came back the next day for seconds just to double check if it was really that good. And it was :)Now here's my reason for the 4 stars and not 5. I ordered the Mexican corn (elote) and it was just eh. I'm used to the the guy honking the horn with his cart, walking the neighborhood streets in LA. That's my comparison and it didn't meet it. Even after the mayo, Parmesan cheese and chili powder, it was still bland. Guess I need to take a trip back to Inglewood just for the elote guy. Second, the line to pay can be a pain. You're standing there waiting and your food is getting cold. Boo!!! And the horchata is way to sweet. Had to add water to drink it. But that's enough of the negatives. That's not enough to make me stop coming here. Now I don't have to drive to the other side of town for good eats. Now get your butt up and get some! Did you not see my pictures?!?! GO!
5	This place is awesome! Gran tacos are a must have. The salsa bar is almost like salad bar. They offer several different salsas, cucumbers, seasoned carrots, radishes, limes, peppers, and even beans!  Each time I am here, I am never disappointed!
5	Yelpers, you haven't lived if you haven't been to taco y taco.You know you've eaten somewhere fabulous when you're itching to write a review while your man is driving you home after such a great meal! Tacos y tacos is a clean, authentic taco shop that offers a variety of meats including the typical carne asada and al pastor to the tripas, lengua, and cabeza. The staff here is REALLY friendly and everything is made to order - including the corn tortillas. Be sure to tip the jar at each station because they are very patient and helpful to the new folks. I'll have to come back to review the other items they offer but I'm sure they won't disappoint!
4	I would have never heard of this place had it not been for Yelp and my Yelp mentor. The reviews were favorable, so we gave it a shot. We entered through the back door which was a little confusing, as I had never been there and was a little turned around. Enter from the Pecos side and you are golden. I got the carne asada nachos loaded with everything. The small was plenty for me and I can usually pack it away. The meat was tasty and all the other ingredients were fresh. The guacamole was good and they have a nice salsa bar. I would rate Taco y Taco three and a half stars, but have no problem rounding up, as half stars aren't an option. The staff was friendly and offered samples of different meats and the warm cinnamon and milk drink with the funny name.
5	Without a double Cinco Estrellas!  How can this not be?a. Authentic - My god. I have not been to any Mexican place so far in Las Vegas, where you can get mini tacos like you do in Mexico City or Guadalajara. I was immediately fascinated!b.  Types of Food- Buritto and large tacos (gran taco- All that in a  bowl if you don't want the tortilla- Small Tacos - Yes!  Simply elegant.- The meats asada, pollo, tripas, barbacoa, al pastor (right off the rotisserie), suadero, trompa, canitas, buche, lengua, chorizo, cabeza, cesos, chicharron.  Man, if you like types of meat that are not normal, this is the place. I had the lengua (tongue), Cesos (brain) and tripas (tripe).  It was all so tasty, tender and subtle in flavor.  Amazing and delicate at same time.c.  Vegetarians - Yep, they serve vegetarians here and have some very nice alternatives for you.  I did not try any of them as I was devouring the odd / weird meat tacos.d.  Location - Easy to find in an oblong store on Trop and Pecos.  Decent space for seating.e.  Extras - Nice salsa bar, although I had a hard time to ID what was spicy.  Soda Fountain and plenty of seating.f.  Get ready for lines, and know that if you want buritto or a large taco, to stand at the main line.  However, if you wan other small tacos, they have three other lines where depending on you meat, there is a specific line for you.  So, there are actually 4 lines, but it is not easy to know this...GK says, for some seriously authentic tacos, try out this place for sure!
5	If you haven't been to Taco y Taco you are missing out.  Everything about this place is delicious.  It's completely authentic...and you get  LOT OF food for a small amount of money.  I love the salsa bar...and I am a huge fan of the horchata....try it, you wont be disappointed
4	Carne asada tacos were good. Salsa bar was nice with 6 different kinds.
5	Ordering here is really complicated but the staff is friendly and didn't mind explaining how it worked multiple times. I'm glad the ordering process didn't turn me off because the food is fantastic. Not only is it authentic, this place is really clean! I tried pretty much everything, burrito, nachos, tacos, horchata! The meats were super tender and flavorful. The portions aren't huge but they are generous enough. The salsa bar was also great!!
5	Not only is the food delicious, but I also feel good after I eat it.  Tacos aren't health food, but at Taco Taco they actually make food from scratch.  No frozen sysco food trucks make deliveries here.  The workers here take pride in what they do and it shows.  The salsa bar is incredible.  Only negative is figuring out the ordering, which is a little confusing on your first visit.  However, the people who work here are so helpful and friendly that even that slight negative really doesn't matter.
3	Taco y Taco is right around the corner from my house and I have been meaning to try it. A friend went there and said it was OK, but other places were better, so it wasn't on the priority list. Our favorite taco shop was closed last night, so we figured Taco y Taco was worth giving a try.They were fairly busy when we walked in, as the fancily dressed manager lady was helping to maintain the dining area's appearance. We were greeted with smiles as we ordered our food. When I saw how they heated up the burrito tortillas, I knew I was going to have issues. I am not, and never have been, a fan of warming up tortillas in steam. This makes them sticky and gooey. Anyway, I made my burrito, and the wife had her burrito bowl made up before us. Looking at the menu, she wanted chips and guac.Side of chips: 1.05Side of Guac: 1.25Chips & Guac: 2.95WTF? So, she ordered a side of guac and I ordered a side of chips. Making our way down the line of taco options, we opted to just give one dish a try for the evening. When we were giving details of our order to the cashier, the wife said what her bowl was, and a side of guac. I gave info on my burrito plus a side of chips. The cashier gave us a smirk and said she was going to ring them up separate, since it is cheaper that way. We replied by informing her that's why we ordered it as we did.The soda machine, for the one flavor the wife wanted, was broke, they were kind enough to just give her a bottled soda.Sitting down to eat, the burrito was the length of a plastic fork (see photos) and had less circumference than a can of soda. Picking up my chicken burrito, it was already cold (partially due to the pile of sour cream I had included, I am sure). Oh well, I wasn't shied away by that fact. The stickiness of the tortilla was tough to get over. I prefer a crispy burrito to a soggy, sticky one.Flavor-wise, it was good. Nothing to write home about, but it was good. Their chips were great. I don't know what they do different to them, but they were very tasty, nice crunch and fresh.If the standard places we prefer to go are closed, or we just don't feel like driving that far, Taco y Taco may get a second chance. Otherwise, we'll stick with Baja Bar & Grill, Chipotle or Zabas.
5	Love this place! Best tacos and great price. We visit here every time we visit Las Vegas.
4	Very often locals tend to judge picky but with the mexican eatery that seats 40 plus comfortably Taco y Taco is making its way in the ranks as one of the powers in classic hand rolled tacos in Las Vegas.  Bring you're appetite and challenge the crew to make the best taco you can experience, wonderfully capable cooks who only know hard work and great flavor.
5	I read the reviews and had to come try the Al Pastor tacos. They did not disappoint and I had 2 along with a carnitas and carne asada taco. They were some of the best tacos I've ever had. They were on the smaller size and I brought an appetite so after having 4 and a Mexican corn on the cob I was full. The staff was so nice I just had to give a positive review. So the Al Pastor  taco and Mexican corn is a must try on your first visit.
5	GO HERE! Just do it! I stumbled across Taco Y Taco while in Vegas for a business trip - it's my go to place every time I'm there now. I'm a post Californian, living in the Seattle area now and I haven't run into such good, inexpensive Mexican as I have here. Just GO!
5	Okay so I'm a pretty picky food eater but a huge nacho fan so decide to go try their nachos based off the awesome reviews this place has had. I also got for my friend an asada taco, an asada vampiro and some Mexican corn. This place is a little hard to find, I literally drove by it twice and finally had to get directions from Siri. I walk in and the place is pretty clean, am greeted by a few employees working the stations and make my way to the nacho one. Being my first time here I was a little confused but the guy behind the counter explained he would take care of a few of the items and to go to the other window for the asada stuff. This place is very well organized which I can appreciate. So after he's done making my food he goes to the other person I ordered from gets the rest of my order an walks it up front. Talk about good service. Everyone was smiling and I was in and outta there in less then 5 minutes. So the food:I may or may not have accidentally (okay no accident at all) ate my friends asada taco on the way home. I mean, they did still have the vampiro and I immediately wante to go back and get like, 5 more (though i figured id save that for another trip).They were amazing just the right amount of flavor.The nachos didnt impress me look wise, they kinda seemed pretty bland but as soon as I bit into them I quickly changed my mind. They were awesome. Not the best chicken I've ever had but not the worst and the guacamole could use some more flavor but overall you get more then your money's worth.The corn is standard Mexican corn. It was okay though I don't recommend getting it to go...it loses most of its flavor in the foil they wrap it in and u just end up with mayo corn.The vampiro...if u haven't tried it, do. I had a bite of my friends and also amazing. Meat was cooked just right, had a great flavor and only around $3. So would I recommend this place? Definitely. Under $15 for all that stuff means the price is right and the food is more then worth it. Some other places have worse nachos for the same price as this whole meal for 2. Ill be back next week if it can wait that long since fortunately/unfortunately this place is just down the street from me. I wouldn't mind trying their asada fries or quesadillas but I'm pretty sure you wouldn't be disappointed with anything you order.
5	There are a lot of Mexican places to choose from in vegas, but of all I've tried Taco Taco is the best. You hear their ads on the radio all the time and even though the ads are annoying, the food is great. The prices are very reasonable and there are a whole lot of options. The Asada tacos cannot be beaten by any spot in vegas.
1	Ive been going here for quite sometime because their food is excellent but the service is very poor and after today when I went I will never be back there again. After standing there for about 7 min then they acknowledged me to take my order the person that took my order seemed to be the one in charge but was paying more attention to the two girls he was flirting with in the front table. Then the other two that were there one was running around like a chicken with his head cut off and the other was more worried on getting food for the cashier than he was the customer. Total disorganization they need a lot of work there service wise like I said the food is good but doesnt make up for the lack of service and it wasnt even at a busy hour.
4	We travel to Mexico a lot.  Just got back from the tip of Baja.  These tacos taste like Baja tacos.  Great stuff!  Very clean and staff is nice.  Went 2 nights in a row.
5	Fantastic place! The minute I walked in I knew I liked it. With four or five taco stations, people manning each station making your taco to order with fresh ingredients was fantastic fun and an eating delight. Don't hesitate to ask questions they are very accommodating with their explanation of how the meats  are prepared and their tastes.  I really liked watching how cheese is fried onto a tortilla. Everyone working there was top-notch accommodating and friendly; pushing my rating to a full five star.
5	Shockingly great tacos with a price that can't be beat. A few bucks gets a full meal that is incredibly good. Highly recommend the trip.
5	Best authentic Mexican Tacos, they do it all. Including Elotes ;) super convenient location (Trop. And Pecos by B of A)  If you haven't tried, stop by, you won't be disappointed.
2	Apparently, they also raised the prices for the nachos $1.30 and now they "limit" salsa you get. Now, it's just wrong.  They tell you that they cannot give containers for salsa to go? I don't know if I will be returning quite often.
5	Taco Taco. From my last review almost 5 months ago to now the only thing that's changed is the price. I spend 40 cents more for lunch than I used to. But I'll gladly pay it for an Al Pastor burrito that is unlike anything else I've ever had. The chips are made fresh every day. And over the past few months and many visits I've only seen the salsa bar run low on salsa once....and they took care of it fast. The Mexican Coke is ice cold and service is fast and friendly. The 5 Stars I gave out months ago is still just as valid today as it was then. When I have family come in from out of state, this is where I bring them. Everyone in my family loves this place, so much so that social media checkins prompt a round of I wish I was there comments every time. 5 Stars, and a bump to my Best of Las Vegas and Failsafe Food lists. Again all of it earned. They just celebrated their 1st Anniversary and with food this good, it certainly won't be their last celebration.
1	This was my 2nd time eating here.  I ordered 3 tacos. Asada, chorizo, and al pastor. Bleh.An hour later I am puking and have nasty foul diarrhea that lasted the entire night and well into the next day.Never ever again will I eat here.  I think I will call Health Dept or Food inspection.NEVER AGAIN.
5	Im super picky when it comes to burritos & tacos i hadnt found a place in vegas with legit alpastor meat...... we came here on a friday night my hubby , son, & i hubby wantd burgers but i was craving the al pastor burrito after seeing all the great reviews.. goin in we where super confused the ordering process took long & workers ignored us & we just stood there confused like for 5 mins until a lady finally askd from her station & let us know how the whole process worked.... the al pastor meat was already cut and i was eyeballing the one cooking on the rotissere but where told it wasnt done we had to wait 5 more mins & since toddlers are not very cooperative we couldnt wait.... but overall it was very good much like a chipotle but better with more authentic food but really pricy 2.15 a taco & 5 something a burrito that honestly isnt that big
3	The picture comparing the burrito to an arm is a lie! My burrito wasn't half the size of my girlfriends arm! :(Anyways... below mediocre burrito but their taco's are comparable to taco el gordo.The place is located on tropicana & pecos in a pretty big plaza. The interior of the place is super clean and spacious. Along with a well stocked sauce bar.Walking in I was a bit confused on where to order but soon realized it was laid out like tacos el gordo. Order what you want at a specific window. And the ordering process for a burrito is similar to that of chipotle. Have an empty tortilla and fill it up with your own personal preferences. In the end I ordered the asada burrito & pork taco. Burrito was pretty lack luster since I couldn't even taste any of what I was eating. Taco on the other hand was suppppppperrrr juicy. UNFFFF. Pro tip: You can get free elote if you vote for them on best of vegas :o
5	Taco y Taco y Elotes y Vampiro y Mexican Coke y salsa bar..... How can one restaurant have so many of my favorite things!!!! Taco y Taco is God's gift to the Eastside... yeah, yeah. The Eastside can get a lot of hate (probably the greatest concentration of 7-11s in the whole world). But there's positives to living here, being less than five minutes from Taco y Taco is one of them. Lets first talk about the namesake, tacos. I've had their chicharrones, barbacoa, asada and al pastor. The last three are my favorite meats in all the world. The barbacoa is rich and flavorful and their al pastor is satisfying crisp, flavorful and crunchy. It comes with a sprinkle of pina and a dab of taquiera gucamole (my favorite). Their carne asada is ok, it's an honorable mention. I've never had anything bad here. Also they have soy chorizo and seta (mushrooms) available for tacos but I haven't tried those yet. It would be a five star joint with just their tacos, but they also serve elotes. I love elotes, its a fresh ear of corn smothered with mayonnaise, cheese and hot spices. TBH: the guy who walks around my neighborhood with the elotes cart is better, but TyT makes a good version too. They've also got vampiros that come with your choice of meat. A vampiro is like a meat quesadilla but better.  And they have Mexican coke for $2. AND they have an amazing salsa and veggie bar. All my favorite things! Under one roof! Is it good? Yes y yes.
4	First off, I came here three days in a row for lunch. They're not slow during this time but not particularly unbearable in terms of traffic. I got bowls and their $2.15 tacos. I gotta say, I'm not a fan of their Al Pastor but their Carnitas aren't too shabby. I prefer them over the al pastor. Between the two, I recommend trying the different tacos. $2.15 isn't too bad, for me, at least. :bThere are different stations. There's a bowl/burritos/everything else station and then there's stations for tacos so make sure you're aware of that. I was wondering why I didn't see plain ole tacos on the menu and then I actually noticed the tacos stations later, hah. *facepalm*Their dining area is pretty spacious and right next to the drink station has all the sauces and lime and stuff. Also, beans, if you really want some more.
5	This is hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. If you haven't been here your really not living. Check it out and tell me what you think.
4	Authentic street style tacos, and their staff is great.
3	Can I just say that giving star ratings gives me headaches? Like I don't know how many stars they deserve! There should be like an alternative rating.. Like love it, like it, gotta try it?! LolI'm not sure what happened, but I'm going to have to say that my friends over hyped this place for me. I went with my friend Ryan, and let me tell you know that Ryan is very particular with food. He's a hospitality major, so customer service is also on Ryan's priority list. Tacos were okay. Don't get al pastor/adobada. Don't waste your time. It's nasty. A good side was that there carnitas is on point. Try it on a mula (quesadilla like with extra goodies inside and your choice of meat!) $4 but pretty tasty. Okay.. Biggest disappointment.. The vampiro. It was supposed to be the deal breaker from the recommendations I got. Yeah, no. Totally burnt tasting. Why? Cause they burnt it! Ryan and I were thinking.. Maybe it was an off day..? But then we thought, tacos el Gordo doesn't have off days. So we decided it was their fault, in which it rightly is. Oh, the salsa bar is pretty sweet. One problem. No labels. Thanks for the mystery taste adventure, but if someone is allergic to one of those sauces .. It won't look good later... Unless you're bored or don't have enough gas to get to tacos el Gordo.. Then walk or take the bus.. Skip this place if possible!
4	I had a very good Carne Asada and pollo Gran taco. They were very tasty and the staff was friendly. The tacos included beans, pico de gallo and guacamole, each was tasty. 2 were fairly filling, as they were  much larger than a street taco
4	Are you vegetarian, or a carnivore that loves to devour meat and tired of the SHIT Roberto's shops. Then why the hell haven't you been here?! Seriously amazing food, amazing people, and amazing things happen here. Thee end and thats a wrap but damn am I going to have this for lunch, and tomorrows lunch, and possibly Sunday's lunch.
2	Very disappointed. I was hoping for awesome Mexican food. The service is fast and the employees nice enough but the food isn't that good and is a little expensive for what it is. I'm sure Vegas has some good Mexican food somewhere but it's not here.
5	My new favorite place for vegetarian burritos.  I got the mushroom burrito, which was awesome.  If I had to be a vegetarian full time, this would be one of my staple dishes.  You can see everything being made, and the quality was really good.  I definitely recommend this place.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.So yum!! First of all, the food is DELICIOUS! And its reasonably priced! I've had tacos and al pastor fries (the small size is HUGE) and was so happy with both.Place is large and brightly lit, workers are friendly and salsa bar is great!! SO many salsas to choose from and a good selection of spicy ones!
5	I cannot stop thinking about the Al Pastor and the Elote (Mexican Corn) !!!Hands down best Mexican food I've had so far! And so close to home!!! Their menu is huge!You get to choose if you want burritos, tacos, nachos, fries, bowls.. Then they have 12 kinds of meat to choose from and they have veggie toppings, ie soyrizo (soy chorizo).. Variety of toppings.. And a big side and sauces bar.. I mean can you ask for more?!I had the Al Pastor nachos with an Elote.The meat was tender, toppings (guacamole, sour cream, pinto beans, cheese) were fresh and homemade, and the nachos were crisp!Meat to toppings to chips ratio was good!I know it's just corn but their Elote was sooooo good !!! I don't know how such a simple thing can pack so much flavor!! I wish I would've gone for the $2 tacos to try different meats like the carne asada or carnitas .. but now this only means I HAVE to go back!!!
5	This place has about the same setup as Tacos El Gordo. Three stations to order your food from. It is cleaner, roomier  and newer than El Gordo. As soon as i walked in, I saw a familiar face, it was so funny. Jose used to work at El Gordo and now is the manager here! We ordered one taco of each of the meat (pork, chicken, beef)available, intestines, tongues. I think we ended up with 14 because some meats are cooked differently. We also had two vampiros and two Jarritos soda (pineapple and lime). There is a free salsa and sauce bar. Try the creamy light green one, it cools off the spiciness from the tacos. Everything is delicious, I think everyone in Vegas should make a trip here. :) The cashier also told me that they will be opening up a new location on Eastern soon, can't wait! I saw quite a few locals ordering burritos wrapped in tin foil to go. Maybe I will try one next time.
4	Good setup of customizing your own taco or burrito where they make it in front of you.The carnitas was pretty tasty! I would come back for more.
5	You have to try this place!  Amazing tacos and very, very affordable!   The service was spot on, though a long line the cook was very patient with my questions....
5	Taco Taco is amazing. From the Al Pastor and Chorizo Tacos to the Nachos and Vampiro. Nothing has been disappointing so far. All of the tacos run about 2 bucks, very affordable and even the small Nachos running around 6 bucks is a steal. You get a mountain of them! I am officially making Taco Taco my favorite taco spot!
5	This place was great! All the ingredients were fresh and very authentic. I will never go to Chipotle again.
5	The al pastor is where it's at! Tender, moist and a bit spicy! I had both an al pastor taco and vampiro, and both were delicious! This was my first ever vampiro and I'm definitely a fan. For those of you who've never had one, it's two cripsy tortillas with meat and melty cheese inside, almost like a sandwich. I also had a carnitas taco and the street style corn- both very good. The salsa bar was also great with lots of options. Can't wait to come back!
4	Me gusta mucho. After a disappointing taco experience a week ago, I wanted to erase that memory with someplace better.  Taco y Taco definitely fit the bill.  Making last minute plans with the b/f and BFF, the three of us met up for dinner around 7:00pm on a Thursday night. MENU SUMMARY: Tacos, burritos, quesadillas, bowls, elote (corn on the cob), fries, nachos, mulas, and vampiros.  I don't know what a mula is, but we found out that a vampiro is made up of two crispy tortillas with cheese and your choice of meat in the middle. The meats: al pastor, asada, pollo, tripas, carnitas, cesos, cabeza, lengua, trompa, suadero, buche, and chorizo.  Vegetarians have an option of soy chorizo and panela (pasteurized cheese).   We were offered a sample of their al pastor when we first approached the counter; this is what it's supposed to taste like!  Whatever I had last week did not compare to this flavorful meat.  I ultimately opted for two asada tacos and the elote, Mexican street style.  Those choices cost less than $7.  There is a salsa bar available so you can jazz things up if you want, as well.  I had my tacos made simply, with onions, cilantro, and salsa and they were both delicious.  The mere fact that they offer elote alone will keep me coming back:  I love that stuff.  For $2, I got a very large ear of corn on a stick with everything, which means mayo (yes, mayo), cheese, and chili powder:  fabuloso!   The place is spacious and clean and the staff is very personable.  We stayed for over 2.5 hours, enjoying their food and our conversation.  Definitely look forward to another visit soon;  barato y delicioso!
5	I've tried all the meats and the meat I thought I wasn't going to like as much ended up being my favorite one. Crispy tripas tacos! Don't knock it til you try it my friend. crunchy meat with all the dressings with a ice cold beer. Winner winner chicken dinner all day long. staff was very friendly too and helpful with all my questions. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
5	Holy mother of Mexican food! You have not had GOOD Mexican food until you have had Taco y Taco! Came here on rec of a fellow Yelper (and an Elite at that) and she was 100% right- this place is like crack! You're greeted when you open the door by a line of cooks preparing their own fresh tortillas, and the sizzle of flat top grills charring veggies and meats for your taco, burrito or nachos. Their menu is small- doing a few things but doing them all right- tacos,  burritos, nachos, bowls and Mexican corn. However,  their diverse selection of meats and salsas is what makes this place amazing. I ordered the good old stand by- gran chicken taco- and picked up a real Mexican coke- yum! The fresh salsa bar had 6 types of salsas plus the standard carrots, cucumbers and green onions. I spied another customer's nachos in line to pay and decided instantly what I will order on my return visit. This place is what real taco lovers want in authentic tacos and the like- as opposed to the Americanized versions with drive thrus...Thanks,  Taco y Taco, I shall return again and again!
5	This might be the best mexican resturant in las vegas. They have a great selection of meats and vegan opitions.  They also have awesome side and a huge selection of salsas.  I love that they have mole, elote and horchata!  Its good for groups and kids.  Its spacious, nicely decorated, and they have friendly staff!  I'm a fan!
4	I've been looking for a good taco shop since the day I moved out here and I finally found it here at Taco y Taco. It's only my third visit here and I can already say that Taco y Taco is "as good as it gets" when it comes to their tacos. At Taco y Taco, you place your order at different stations.  Tacos, burritos, bowls, corn on the cob, quesadillas...yes, they got them all that here.  I've had their nachos and quesadillas in the past and thought that they were pretty good.  But it's all about their tacos and I have them as plain as can be. Chicken taco with nothing on it.  Asada taco with nada on it.  They're so good that I don't need anything on them to satisfy me. These tacos are fresh, tasty, and very, very good.  And on top of that, they hook it up and their restaurant is clean.  If you haven't been here, then you're missing out.
4	My GF and myself were looking to grab a bite to eat somewhere cheap and in the neighborhood so we gave it a shot. We both got 6 dollar burritos (chicken for her and al pastor for me). With gaucomole, we were both very happy and would come back again. The pastor was my first here in LV and I'm pretty impressed. Very clean and nice dining areea and pretty quick service a little bit of confusion due to the language barrier but I suppose that is to be expected.
5	Street tacos...but inside!Best tacos ever? Yeah I have to say so. They have every type of meat and style that I can think of. Ok, so the store is laid out in stations for different types of tacos/food. Start near the entrance furthest from the dining area and start loading up your tray with anything that looks good.I recommend to get the mexican style street corn, a vampiro if you've never had one, and definitely the al pastor (pork on rotating spit) tacos. One of the guys there even gave me a slice of beef tongue (lengua) to try and it was awesome. I would probably get this on a taco or even a vampiro next time I go. The only downside is that the tacos tend to get pricey because you want so many. But it was worth it. Thanks to Suzanne O. for showing me this place!
4	I can't complain.  My new favorite Mexican food restaurant!  Everything is delicious!  Carne Asada, chicken and al pastor meats are delicious.  Price to add guacamole is stupid, $2+ & they are shady with the guacamole.   Its a thin layer, for $2 it should be a hefty scoop.  Anyways, whatever you get...its good.  I worked in the tip industry and when I didn't get a tip I would be quick to dish out a sarcastic thank you.  The cooks do the same...LOL!   Salsa bar is awesome!  They should give out some chips like they do at Pepes when you order in.The owner is pleasant on the eyes.
5	This should be the most popular taco spot in town! And if you didn't know- now you do! Get on this!
4	These tacos are toooooooooooo bomb!!!! I don't know what it is about the tacos but I LOVE LOVE LOVE the tacos! No matter what meat I put in that shell it is still good!!! The nachos are not really all that, haven't tried the burritos yet but that is next on my list..CONS-2.25 for a street taco is really expensive in my eyes (but they are so damn good!! :)If your eating there bring your own fan because I was sweating more then a 2 dollar hooker in church within the first 5 minutes of me sitting down!! So hot!!! That's all the cons for me!!! Love the tacos!
5	I rate all taco joints against the Mexico City standards. This place by far, comes the closest to the real thing than any other place. Even the famous taco spots in LA don't compare. I can't speak for the other menu items. The tacos are authentic and delicious. The carne asada tacos are cooked over mesquite coals while the other meat offerings are cooked to perfection in a pool of goodness. I recommend the Suadero tacos. You will not find this cut of meat mastered to perfection outside of Mexico City. Good thing this place is so far away from home or else I would be in serious trouble.
5	Hands down the best taco experience I've ever had and this is coming from someone that's born and raised in Los Angeles. Anyone outside of Vegas visiting needs to come here as it is worth the drive off the strip! Asada, barbacoa and carnitas were ridiculously moist with loads of flavor! Can't go wrong with tacos or a burrito but you're better off getting tacos as you can try more than one meat to find your weapon of choice.  And save room for an Elote/corn on the cob!!!!
5	This place has the best tacos and burritos. They have at least 12 kinds of meats to choose from, and they prepare it fresh to order. You order your burrito and they melt cheese on it before they add ingredients! Amazing. After you create your burrito, you can head over to the street taco stations where you have fresh tacos made to order. The salsa bar is super extensive and they have a huge variety of fresh salsas.Everyone here is super friendly, and they even gave us some samples of some of their meats since we told them it was our first time there. Everything we ordered was delicious, so you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They also have a nice vegetarian menu, which is pretty awesome. This is my favorite authentic mexican food in Vegas.
5	Love this place! It's so clean!!! I've never been to a taco shop this clean. Oh and the food is amazing and the salsa bar is the best I've seen. Must try their shoulder meat tacos. Mmmmmmmm. They also have the best burritos!! Made to order any way you want it! All the fresh ingredients are right in front of you. All the hype is about tacos el gordo but I think taco y taco is much better and CLEANER!!
5	Visited Taco y taco for the first time today,  living here it's hard to find authentic Mexican food.  It was awesome! Went during my lunch hour wasn't too busy. Had the Corn on the cob and the carne asada tacos... everything was delish. Will definitely be back.
4	After a long morning of endless walks during a tour, my friends and I needed a pick-me-up.  Because we were "hangry", we came here for lunch.  I ordered the alpastor burrito and I was NOT disappointed.  The meat was flavorful and the servers load up with whatever vegetables you want.  There was also a salsa bar up in the front so we hit that area up like there's no tomorrow.  I definitely recommend this place...especially if you have the bad case of the "hangries".
5	Taco y Taco is becoming an addiction. I have started to crave it. Terrible, yet SO good! If its your first time, the process can be a bit confusing compared to the normal sit down restaurant. The food is setup into stations, each serving different specialties. Start at the front and work your way to the cashier. Once you decide on your beverage of choice and pay, I suggest finding a place to sit and heading straight back to the complimentary salsa bar! As for the food, I don't think you can go wrong. Ordering fresh chips (under 2$) to share with your table is never a bad idea! They're thick, crunchy, and help you taste test the entire salsa bar! The only meat I have ordered thus far has been the al pastor (the addiction), and it is amazing in both the tacos and vampiros (pretty much a tostada sandwich). The cooks are helpful too, even if you are as confused as I was the first time ordering!
1	Some of the best tacos I've ever had... But I have to update from my last review. It actually makes me sad to do this but my experience last night must be put out there. Here we go...Came here last night around 7pm to grab some shrimp tacos (3 to be exact) and 1 shrimp burrito. The guy who took my order didn't speak a word of English, which is to be expected but not understanding the sentence "3 shrimp tacos on corn tortilla" isn't acceptable. So he starts the shrimp on the grill grabs one tortilla and says "what it". I remind him it's 3 tacos. He looks confused and had to ask someone what I was saying. He says ok gets three tortillas. He had to remake the first one 3 times because he kept putting the wrong thing on them. The shrimp is done and he puts exactly two shrimp pieces on each taco. When I've been here in the past there was always at least 6-7 pieces. When I try to ask him about this he shrugged. I decided to try and talk to someone else. He then proceeds to mess up the buritto as well by putting guac on it which I said no to. I get to the cashier and it got worse...I walk up and attempt to explain my situation to her, I even show her the amount of shrimp on my tacos. She laughs, snatches my debit card out of my hand and charges me right away. It was $20. She charged me for the tacos he messed up and the guac on the buritto. Now the money is not the issue here, it's the fact she laughed and literally took my debit card from me without my permission. I did not sign the receipt so I will be filling a statement with my bank. This was unexceptable. I have never been treated like this as a passing customer and I will never return.
4	If good tasting tacos is what you are looking for you found them here, but if good service is what you want don't step in here. Takes long to get your food, by the time you have payed for it it's already cold. Poor service other than that good f*cking tacos.
5	This place is fantastic.  The salsa is the best I've had in Vegas and only bested by a few ever.  Great vegetarian menu including soy riso and the prices are super affordable.  This place is now part of my regular rotation.
5	This place is solid. Very clean and well maintained. Love the tacos. In my opinion this is what they do best. I strongly suggest hitting the tip jar when you place your order. Just a couple of bucks goes a long way and will make your meal that much better - for sure.Only two drawbacks:With the exception of the cashiers there can be language barriers behind the counter. When this happens you need to speak slowly, clearly and toss in whatever Spanish you might possess. Not a big deal, but it can pose a challenge.  The salsa bar - amazing taste, but no idea of what I'm getting. Is it hot? Maybe mild? Perhaps super spicy? You just gotta dive in and find out! Seriously, management needs to label the salsa choices.
4	If you're looking for quick, authentic mexican food, this is the place to go! It was so good I'm a little embarrassed to admit how much I ate...but all of it was delicious! The corn on the cob with the butter and seasonings was amazing. Try all of the complimentary salsa. Each taco is small, so I recommend getting a couple different kinds
4	When my husband and I are super hungry we come to this place! It's so yummy!! I usually order about 4 tacos and an horchata drink. I took out a star because they don't serve deserts. I also want to say that the radio commercial for this place is so funny!
5	Love this place! Great food. Good people. Love the fact they have real tacos in a very unpretentious place....go there and u won't be disappointed.
5	Heading to Sam Boyd stadium in need of some food. Read the reviews for this taco place and we were all so glad we are here. The food was yum! Nice clean, quick Mexican food.
5	This place has some of the best tacos I've had in a while.  I had the suadero and carnitas.  Both were tender and delicious on freshly made corn tortillas.  You must try an elote, Mexican style corn on the cob.  It was perfect and flavorful, buttery, cheesy, limey, and spicy. They also have authentic and perfect Guacamole. The salsa bar is one of the best: salad and vegetable accompaniments, hot black and pinto beans, and a tasty array of salsas.  The service was perfect; these people are so kind and helpful and treated us like family. The place was immaculately clean.  Try it!!!
5	Yelp has never steered me wrong and this time was NO exception! Had the bowl amazing very flavorful! I could not even eat the whole thing, dinner for later.
4	For those not in the know, I'm a bit of a taco lover, so of course taco taco is a place I found myself attracted to. The setup is pretty straightforward, there's the taco lines, depending in what meat you want, and then there's the side where you order grande tacos, burritos and quesadillas. Ive never been tempted to try the burritos here, but I have gone thru the entire meat spectrum  their strong points are suadero and al pastor, and I felt their cabeza was a bit lacking. Their carnitas was a very welcome surprise due to the fact that there are a lot of places that don't do it right.   The dining room is pretty spacious if you're choosing to eat in, they have a TV. It's nothing special but it's great if you have a nice group of friends and you guys are just hanging out. Overall it's a nice taco shop with good food and atmosphere
4	Without a doubt some of the most delicious Mexican food I have ever eaten. It's kind of like Roberto's for people who somewhat care about their health and aren't housed out of their minds at 4:00 in morning. Their tacos are small, but tasty. The nachos aren't deep-fried and are loaded with fresh meat of your choice (I prefer chicken) and other equally fresh ingredients (only I wish they'd use less sour cream sometimes). The only drawback is they are not open 24/7. Still, go here if you want to save yourself money as well as calories. Also, they serve Mexican beer which is always nice to have with a meal.
3	Well I am from the Texas and this kind of food is popular there and taste very different. I have to say I was not impressed by the food. I think there is a few things they could do to make it better, but hey everyone had different taste right! Well I had the asada tacos and a Mexican corn. I just don't think there was enough flavor. Service was excellent. The prices are good for what they have. I liked it but I wouldn't brag about it. They do have a wide selection of taco meat. You be the judge!!!!
5	Best Taco I had since I left  LA 20 years go!
5	Staff was great and friendly . The food was amazing . Great variety of salsas i had to try them all seriously . I would highly recommend this place if your in the area .
3	The size of the asada burrito in the first photo is very misleading. I ordered one and it was rather small in comparison to the picture, probably 1/2 the size, and much smaller than your typical Roberto's type place.However, the carne had great flavor and the quality of the ingredients were quite good as well. So, definite plus on the flavor.Staff we're friendly and speaking Spanglish was definitely a plus on getting my order placed. Salsa bar has a good variety but nothing is labeled and can be confusing.If the quantity matched the quality they would've gained another star.
5	Edit. I came back after several months and the cuisine is yummy.  Try their vampiro is really yummy. Check the Smith's receipt for a complimentary chip order with order.
5	I guess after 10 check-ins I should review this place lol. However, this review is seriously on only 3 menu items. Everytime I try to make myself get something new, I talk myself out of it and get the Al Pastor tacos. Super flavorful and not soggy tortillas (big pet peeve) and pineapple!  Yum! I've tried the elote once before but didn't get it again because I was too full to eat my tacos afterwards and just because im not really a fan of elote in general. Lol good flavor, and really sweet corn. Next, the only drink I get is horchata! Not too sweet or grainy, it's perfect!In my opinion, this place is better than Tacos El Gordo, Pepe's, Roberto's, Fauto's, Las Gorditas, Jalisco Cantina, Imperial Tacos & Beer, and Taco Tijuana. I'm no expert on tacos or anything lol I just reaaaally like them. I could live off tacos haha. They are fresher, bigger portions, bigger flavor, better sauces, more seating (especially their location on Eastern) and faster. I've yet to try the rest of their menu but they have lengua, asada, barbacoa, carnitas, tripas and lots of other meat options, plus some nonmeat options like soy chorizo, veggies, and panela. They also offer nachos, burritos, quesadillas, bowls (definitely need to try this ), vampiros, tostadas. Their salsa bar is also pretty expansive. Favorite tacos in Vegas!
1	After my boyfriend was raving about this place for months he took me here for lunch today. We walked in and I immediately noticed how dirty the dining area was. There was food on the tables, food on the floor and food on the chairs and I mean like someone had a food fight with some beans! There was an employee eating a burrito in the middle of the dining area and another tending to the soda fountain so I'm sure they noticed but not one person cleaned a table the entire time we were there. The employees were super nice who made the food and were very helpful while ordering. I ordered 2 pastor tacos and the corn Mexican style. Dude I was excited for the corn because elote is my fave but it was flavorless. The salsa bar was impressive with more choices I had ever seen. There was like 8 salsas, all kinds of veggies, cooked onions, 2 types if beans and more. One of my tacos the pastor was super dry and the other straight burnt black. Sometimes you're hungry enough that it doesn't matter but this time I left half my food for the trash can, bummer.
4	This place has gotten good! More generous protein portions on tacos, leaner lengua (beef tongue), less-salty al pastor, still delicious carnitas and flavorful carne asada. Smiley, competent servers who care about the food they're putting out. Great to see, and makes for a satisfying experience.Doubled-up corn tortillas means you can create two mini tacos out of one and drown them both with salsa from the big self-serve salsa bar. My favorite is the orange medium-hot one.
5	The only criticism that I have is their ordering system. Very confusing but WORTH the frustration! The food was amazing! The al pastor is the best that I have had! Loved it!  Go NOW!!
4	If you want fresh , flavorful meats this is the place for you ! Their carnitas and al pastor are amazing !! They also have a great Mexican style street corn , that is prepared to order ( as all their offerings are ) . They have a pretty big salsa bar with many fresh offerings as well ! Would have 5 stars but their ordering process is pretty confusing , as different meats and offerings have different stations and if you hit one , there is a tip jar at each one , which you kinda feel obligated to tip each one , ( I asked the guy ,he said they don't share ? ) but after you pass all the meat stations , you get to the cashier and guess what ? there is another tip jar there too!' Wtf ? Don't they pay these people ?? For food I would give 5 stars , value(about 13$ for a burrito ,corn and drink ) 3 stars and ordering 2 stars !
5	So glad my boyfriend found this place! Everything is fresh and made to order. Having never been before I was confused on ordering but the nice lady behind the counter directed me that each station has different items and you go to the ones you want. Mexican street corn so yummy! Everything is delicious but my favorite is tacos al pastor. Also they have homemade horchata and hibiscus drinks! This location is very clean, just look behind the cashier counter and you will see what I mean. Also I tip each person at the stations I go to!
5	One of the bombest quesadillas I have ever had ! The carne asada was succulent and the guacamole was flavored to a tee ! On top of that the service was excellent the girl at the cash register was so sweet to me and my boyfriend ! Shout out to her :))) thanks girl for making my night !! I hope you guys see this ! The facility is clean and neat and there is plenty of parking ! Had such a fun time here !
3	After eating at all the taco trucks, el gordo. Tijuana tacos... The only thing special about this place is the salsa bar. Their al pastor sucks.
5	The barbacoa and carnitas tacos with everything are some of  the best tacos I have ever eaten. Be sure to order your tacos with everything to get the pico de gallo and guacamole. I can't wait to try the mole fries next time I am there.
3	This place was just okay. I think I was hoping to find a hole in the wall gem, but I didn't. I had three tacos and some chips and salsa. overall total was around 10 bucks. All the salsa was fresh and had I had many choices. The taco's were just okay. I have had better and I have had worst. Being that I think there are better options in the same price range I will prob go to them the next time I am looking for this type of food.
5	Awesome awesome awesome.  The food here was seriously legit.  Loved all the flavors, the salsas and the smells.  I was seriously impressed with the food and cannot wait to go back again and try some different things!The place was very clean, the staff very helpful and the salsa bar was on point.  Great atmosphere and great food!
5	Found this place on Yelp search.....I would eat here every day if I lived in Vegas.  Fast food atmosphere but food is fantastic.
3	Fist timer havent bit into my carne asada burrito but the cook provided me with a little carne.to nibble on while my meal was being prepared must say it was tasty
4	This place rivals most OG taco joints and carts.  I guarantee you it's pretty authentic and has a flavor of it's own.  One of the few places you can get Pastor, Buche, and Lengua.  Some people find it gross.  I find it delicious.  I can't say it's for everybody but if you ever get a itch for tongue.  It's very delicious here and it's priced right.
5	This was my first time eating tacos in Vegas. What a great experience! The tacos are small but very delicious. The place is excellent value. You can even grab a nice cold beer while you eat. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Well run place with REAL Mexican tacos.
1	Very disappointed with 2 of 3 items we ordered! The third was good.The carne asada taco was dry and very little flavor in meat.The al pastor burrito had flavorless white beans and oddly flavored meat.The only decent item was the buche taco. Good flavor on the meat.The service was minimal until the cashier-- she was pleasant.Doubt I will return.
4	First time in I noticed it was extremely hot near the order window, but hey the food smelt good! I tried the Soyrizo Burrito. It was a damn good burrito. The guacamole was on point, though the burrito was a little expensive in my opinion. Their meat portions are well worth it from what I saw. Ordering in English wont get you very far, but this is an authentic place, so I expected some language barriers. (I just pointed to everything). Not the classiest place, but worth it if you're looking for an authentic Mexican meal. Oh, and their salsa bar is awesome! Many additions to choose from! Totally worth a try.
3	I kept hearing the radio commercial on 96.7 and although kinda annoying I decided to give it a try if I ever find myself in that area. I was having some work done to my car a block away and decided to walk there for lunch.The Good:Friendly staff, very clean and fast service. I had a carne asada burrito and decided to try the al pastor tacos. It is the best al pastor I've had so far here in Vegas. I love Pepe's Tacos and Los Tacos Companita which have excellent al pastor. Taco Y Taco's al pastor blows them out of the water! The salsa bar is clean and a great variety of salsas. The tables were clean and the staff is constantly cleaning up after messy people that leave there trays on the table. Unlike Roberto's or Pepe's where its usually messy and the tables are filthy and the salsa bars are usually disgusting! I was very impressed how well they keep the dinning area. Taco Y Taco has fresh ingredigents and ordering at the windows is easy. Everything is made in front of you and the protions are good sized. The Bad:I would give it 5 stars but for a total experience they lose 2 stars for the fact that they have a huge swap cooler in the dining area. Its loud and if you're not sitting where the air is blowing on you it's very hot inside. I hate sweating while I'm trying to eat. Next time I'll get it to go and eat in the car with the AC on.Homeless and shady people hanging around the doors begging for money and cigarettes. I really hate this. The manager needs to run these shady folks away, call Metro or whatever get rid of them. My biggest peeve of any place I go is vagrants begging. Overall, great food, fast and friendly service. The food is 5 stars, the experience and no AC would put my total experience at 3.5- 4 stars.
5	Saw the good reviews and had to try it out! Walking in I had no idea it would be as big of a restaurant as it is. The people taking your order & making food were nice and helpful. I ordered carna asada & al pastor tacos (which had pineapple). Both were amazing!!! Very fresh and very flavorful! I enjoyed my visit and will defiantly check out the location on Eastern.
5	I'm from Texas and a diehard Chipotle fan... After eating here though, Chipotle can drop off the map for all I care!  These views are spot on!!  The food is very affordable and unbelievably good!! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a little taste of home!!
5	Best tacos I've ever had. And I lived in So Cal for 9 years. So that makes me an authority on the subject. I tried chicken, carnitas and al pastor. I think my fav was the carnitas. I was planning on one. But I had to go back for two more! I never do that. I just couldn't help myself. There's a salsa verde in the salsa bar that's amazing too. It's the medium lightest green one. There are three green ones, and no names on them. But I think the darkest one is regular salsa verde, the next is a cilantro lime verde, and the lightest is a cilantro cream dressing. That middle one is INSANE on all tacos. Ahhh I can't wait to go back.
3	My coworker told me here as a good Tacos place.  I found it is nice, clean, friendly, but it was not-so-kind/confusing for a first comer. I had Tacos, which taste a bit too simple to me.
5	Awesome street tacos!!!! Salsa bar is best I have seen in Las Vegas including beans and veggies! They also have vegetarian tacos! Perfect!
2	Kept on hearing I had to try this place!  Many kept on comparing to another taco place that is very popular  in Vegas.  Yes , yes , " Tacos el Fatty" !  Where to start ? I walked in and never as busy as the comparison  and the staff was to busy talking to each other instead of helping the few customers they did have.  I almost left, but another customer walked over and asked if it was my first time. (Probably my confused look) I Said yes and he explained how it all works.  Your typical taco place where you go order what you want from where you want it.   Tortillas smelled good and they taste home made.  The tacos were good, but nothing out of this world.  I would not compare as they hold their own, but  will admit the way they are prepared is very untraditional !  I've seen the local and the traditional  taquero who prepare a taco with passion and ensures it's delicious. These were more of Taco Bell style where they know they need to add this and that because somebody told them that is what it should have .  Making a good tacos is an art... Believe it or not!   The tacos de Asada were good and will admit better than tacos el fatty.  However then we come to al pastor !! I stand that Tacos El gordo has the best al pastor. The meat , the seasoning , and that green sauce makes the taco Amazing and Taco y Taco was good as the pineapple in top adds flavor  but the meat was a little cold and lacked flavor compared to others.   In closing if you are hungry and want tacos Al pastor and can't wait or don't feel like driving then yes this is your place.  However if you want a great tacos al pastor this would not be the place .  Also the place was not as clean as it could have been.  In my opinion  with the amount of employees present floors should have been spotless , fountain drink area should have been clean and salsa bar should have been up kept.  Oh not all was that bad .. The corn on the Cobb with all the fixing was amazing and I would go back just for that!!
5	Great tacos especially al pastor! The pineapple pieces really give it a nice kick of flavor
3	Don't get my 3 Star rating wrong, the food here is very good.  Everything is super fresh, but it is not what you or I would expect when ordering a normal taco or burrito from a Mexican Taco Shop.  It reminds me of a healthy taco shop.  You can tell that their tortillas are made with health rather than taste in mind, (you can also see  through them).  I don't know about you, but when I go to order a burrito I know it's not great for me. I just want to indulge in the moment of my deliciousness and feel bad about it after.  ** Salsa Bar ** - Somewhat okay, had 3-4 choices. None of them were spicy though. That bugs, big time.-In conclusion: If you want the "expected" flavors of Mexican cuisine, please just go to your local Taco Shop down the road.  This place is good, but not that place.
5	Best elote ever made. Their food is out of this world. The bar has many different salsas; all of which were fantastic. Every bite I ate of my carne asada burrito, I tried a different salsa. It was like having a different burrito in each bite. Lots of sides at the bar to choose from as well. Traditional veggies like cucumber, onions (grilled and uncooked). Black beans, etc. I can't say enough about the elote. It was off the hook!!! Great menu all around. A must if you are in Vegas!
5	SO happy I came across this place. Place is clean, staff is friendly. Food is amazing. Street tacos & their Mexican style corn on the cob is everything. Everything I've had is so fresh & delicious. Salsa bar is better than any other place I've been to. Would recommend 10/10.
5	The best taco joint in Vegas!  Awesome salsa bar. The food here is seriously legit.  Loved all the flavors, the salsas and the smells. Impressed with the food and cannot wait to go back again and try some different things!The place was very clean, the staff very helpful and the salsa bar was on point.  Great atmosphere and great food!I love it!!! Highly recommended.
5	Love the Vampiros they are the BOMB!! The salsa bar is amazing!! They sell beer which is a plus for me with my MEXICAN FOOD. My kids love it here as well and they are picky eaters. My husband loves the pastor tacos. I have gone to the Eastern location as well it is pretty crowded in there but they have a second floor to eat and they have flat screens with a bar.
4	I have seen good and bad reviews, and for those who are conflicted as to why there are such varying scores, I hope to clarify. The meat and other items are super fresh, under-seasoned and appear to be health conscious like Stephanie A. said. The service is fast and friendly (even more if you speak spanish) and the salsa bar is huge. Here is the main issue, they lack seasoning all around. I first thought this was an issue, but then I realized...Its about the SALSAS! They are amazing and provide a myriad of flavor that the tender fresh meat supports. If you want street fresh healthy food with SALSA as the star, go to Taco y Taco. If you want salty or more flavorful meats I would go elsewhere.
4	I would give it 5, but the quality/style changes depending on who works.  I like to get either a rice bowl or a burrito.The meats we choose are Carnitas, Al Pastor, Lengua.They also have a delicious vegetarian mushroom type option I get if I am not feeling up to anything at all greasy.I love the steamed corn.  They have a Mexican version I haven't tried with mayonnaise and cheese, but  I just don't want to know if I like anything that adds the calories up even more.Good and Bad:    The tortilla is good quality, large, and the burrito is plentiful.I have to ask for it the way I like.  Cheese melted on it first then the other ingredients.  if you don't ask it may come a different way each time.Issues:  I have gotten Lengua 3 times.  Once was lean and perfect.  Two other times it seemed almost like the skin was left on or it was way overcooked with chewy tough edges and was inedible.  I had to pull the meat out.  So, I just don't order this anymore.  Not worth the chance of receiving the bad version.  I guess you could ask to taste it before they add it.The carnitas is different depending on who works too.  Sometimes it is GREAT meaty bits with a delicious flavor and other times it includes large globs of FAT with NO MEAT attached.  I mean come on.  Totally gross and puts you off the food.  Now I try to ask for lean.  Didn't seem to make a difference last time.  Had to pull the fat out of a burrito.  So now I have been ordering it as a rice bowl more often to make it easier.  Very very sad that I have to even think about this.The Al pastor has been good each time.  It is best when they cut it up into smaller pieces.  All the other items are good quality.  I never see any old looking items or even avocado that has turned colors even.  Nice job.  Let's work on the meat consistency and trim the fat off please.  I love the fresh bar with cucumbers, peppers, and all the salsa choices.  Yummy.
1	I made my account just to tell you how horrible the food is. It is no way deserving of 4 stars. Best thing I had during my meal was the coke from the fountain machine. Terrible carne asada and at $13 a meal you're better off eating anywhere else.
4	Solid tacos. authentic.
5	Great tacos, homemade tortillas, fresh salsas and elote. Nice people and great deals on beer buckets during the games. Yum!!!!
2	2 star because the food is actually good, but be warned, you may wanna pay attention to the total they ring up. Twice I have been charged incorrectly, one of which didn't even occur till I saw my bank statement. Added a tip I didn't authorize or something of that nature. Their menus are misleading as well. Vampiros are clearly listed on a menu with a price tag of 2.15 (my memory is foggy, but it's for sure listed as under 3 dollars), however when asking the lady at the register, she laughed and said no. Turns out their almost 4 bucks. If shady business practices don't discourage you, the food is actually good. I won't be returning
4	Great food, very fresh.I had the vegetarian burrito,  I must say that if they advertise as having vegetarian options, staff needs to know what vegetarian is exactly.  You cannot have the Spanish rice as they use chicken broth to prepare it. And the black beans have pork in the broth.  So you really need to ask a lot of questions.  But once you figure it all out,  the food is great! I noticed prices have gone up as well.  Mole' fries were $7 now they are $10. And the burritos were $6, now they are $9. All in all I still love the service and side bar,  so I will be back :)
5	Great fresh made tacos. Hand made tortillas.  The nachos were also awesome.  Great fresh food all around. Great salsa. Only minus would be that it's a little on the higher side as far as price is concerned but worth it
2	The staff needs a lesson on what "any social media" means.  It doesn't mean just Facebook.  I mention this because there is a posted sign by where you order a burrito, in which any social media check-in gives a free elote.  I luckily had Facebook, but my girlfriend disabled hers awhile back and when she showed her Yelp check-in nearly everyone in the kitchen was yelling, "Facebook only!"  The younger cashier understood the clearly marked sign and offered to deliver 2 rightfully earned elotes to our table.  I guess the cashier forgot, so we asked her about our corn, which she said she would bring right out after apologizing to us.  We overheard the kitchen staff loudly asking her in Spanish why two elotes were being given to us...  Sigh, we each got an elote in the end thanks to the cashier's diligence and reading comprehension.Another thing, the price of burritos has gone up.  Our usual order of 2 burritos used to be $16 something and now it is $19 and some change.  I will be looking elsewhere for Mexican food when I'm back in Vegas.
3	The first time we went it was excellent. This last time the meat was a little dry and the veggies were bitter (cucumber and radish) :( .
5	This place is so bomb. Major points for having Mexican corn on the cob, it was delicious! I've never found a place with that on the menu. Everything was tasty, the pineapple on the al pastor taco was a tasty touch. I would eat here again, no problem.
1	It's places like these that make me realize Yelp is full shit. I've been here twice, first I went vegetarian simply because I don't trust the meat at a lot of places, I got a rice bowl, with beans, some weird mushroom mixture, rice, salsa and lettuce. It was flavorless and stomach churning. Got chips and guacamole, again flavorless.  I decided, it's just another shitty mexican joint that I will drive past and ignore, like most. A couple months go by, I hear they are opening multiple locations, I decided I must have missed something, so I went back for lunch this last weekend.  My wife and I got 2 Street corn on the cobs with "butter", chili powder and lime. Butter has quotes around it cause what they use, that shit is not butter. I got a pastor burrito and my wife got a rice bowl. We also got chips and guacamole and I got a coke. First, the corn was forgettable, makes you appreciate the dude selling it on the street. My burrito was God awful, the pork tastes like it's seasoned with kool-aid packets, I took 2 bite and lost 100% of my appetite. One of the worst meals I had ever had. Chips were stale and guacamole taste like it was left over from last time I was there. No salsa bar. My wife's bowl was nothing more than OK. My coke was spectacular. As I said, my food was terrible, but also, their ordering system is terrible, welcome to America, learn our procedures. With a normal ordering system you might be able to cut down on the 3 extra employees standing around checking their Facebook. Did I mention the temperature, oh ya, it was unbelievable hot in the dining area, my wife actually stood up and lowered the thermostat, it didn't help. We both left dripping with sweat and our clothes stretched out, my wife considered taking her pants off for the ride home to air out. It was disgusting. The temperature, not my wife taking her pants off. Lastly, this place clearly has a corrupted Yelp, don't believe any of the reviews. I wish you could give zero stars.
5	Just go. Just eat. It is awesome. Stop reading.... just go! Best tacos in Las Vegas!
5	Amazing food.  Great taste great portions and a great price. A must go if you want some good food.
3	This place is very good. I've gone many times and have never had a serious problem with any of the dishes I've tried. They offer authentic Mexican "street" food that's delicious and one of the best salsa bars in Vegas. I highly recommend the al pastor tacos, the vampiros, and the horchata!Unfortunately they're making the common mistake of raising their prices too quickly while also seemingly reducing their portion sizes. That may boost profits temporarily but it will backfire in the end, especially among regular customers. There are way too many other good Mexican places in the valley, and if I'm going to spend $45+ on lunch for two it probably won't be at Taco y Taco.Also, their ordering system is overly complicated and some of their employees are easily confused. Be sure to double-check your bill as I've had "mystery charges" show up on my bill twice.
3	When this place opened, I just had to try it. They've really expanded their menu since then and it reminds me a lot of Chipotle, but more authentic. They're a little bit pricey, and it's kind of hard to order because it's so loud in there. It's also a little bit confusing to order. I prefer other taco shops, more authentic and cheaper.
3	I've had the luxury of having my first meal from this location. I've picked it based on the reviews and the photos I've saw. Since I'm trying to find a good burrito that reminds me of what I've had in LA for years, I'm trying many locations. I went here for a simple asada burrito.While it was good, it was also pretty generic. It reminded me of what I was able to get inside a Chipotle but for more expensive. I paid almost $9 for a small burrito and all the toppings & taste were the same. This is not bad but for what you pay, you expect something to knock you out of the park. That did not happen here.I'm sure other food might taste better but my review is based only on the one burrito I had. It was very clean inside and had a somewhat easy way to place an order.
4	This is fast becoming our favorite fast food place. If we want a sit down full service experience, then it is Lindo Michocan. If it is fast food, then forget taco bell, del taco or chipotle, it is Taco y Taco. It  has a variety of meats and styles of  street foods that you would see in Mexico, at a reasonable price. Well we return? Of course it is close to the house and GOOD!
5	The staff here is always friendly. The facility is very clean. The food is always amazing. What more do I need to say? If you like great mexican food at a great price, go there!
3	For lunch one day, my wife and I each had a pair of al pastor tacos with onions, cilantro and pineapple.  The cook did not slice the al pastor to order, but rather chopped it into tiny pieces that proved to be disappointing in comparison to our prior visits.  The free salsa bar was good with me selecting a small portion of warm black and pinto beans, a variety of salsas, grilled onion and peppers plus pickled carrots.
4	I lile their food and the fact that you can see is great. The employees are nice, however, their system disorganized. Ididnt know how to order and i didnt see the menu until i payed...i
1	I used to go to this place fairly often. The last time I went will definitely be my last. I ordered nachos and a chicken quesadilla. After paying (almost $20), I asked for some cups for the salsa bar. I was given two cups and after walking away, I went back to ask for more cups. After all, the salsa bar selection was one of my favorite things about this place. I was told that I was only allowed to have two salsa cups and would not be given any more. Even when I offered to pay for them! It was a fun time being your customer since you opened, Taco y Taco. Sorry it had to this way.
1	Its not Tacos El Gordo!! I came to this location twice, first time it was good enough for us not to make the drive to Tacos El Gordo for a fix. But the second time (which was on the same week) just failed. The lady at the burrito area was talking crap in spanish calling us stupid and mentally slow. Now this is all due to a warmed up tortilla that she had to throw away. We ordered two burritos, when she was done making the first i politely asked to change the order to carne asada fries. Thats when she started talking crap and didn't realize i understood her. So everyone was laughing at us and then i ordered two tacos, one seso and one cabeza. The guy tells me just pay your order and ill get it to you. Both tacos smelled rancid and tasted old. I didn't touch it after that. Whats really terrible about this is that it all started by that this older lady at the burrito area named Veronica who had to throw away a warmed up tortilla and the fact that it only took a thrown warmed tortilla too intentionally try to give you food poisoning. This experience is at the Tropicana location. Well were never coming here again. Unfortunately, we wont even try the other location.
4	Essentially I compare every Mexican place to Tacos El Gordo....Pros:1. Mexican street corn with cotija/mayo/chili powder is amazing here (not offered at Gordo)  2. Vampiros, which is essentially a tostada sandwich and delicious and packed with meat. (2 of these will make you full)3. Good selection at the salsa bar and extra veggies available.Cons: 1.  Tacos al pastor was way too salty2.  Seemed pricier than tacos el gordo...either that or the cashier overcharged usOverall, I still prefer Tacos El Gordo for the flavor of the al pastor.  But if you go here you must try the elote (mexican corn), I could eat this all day!
4	I have eaten her a few times .. and they are very delicious .. so many items to choose from. Restaurant  looks clean and workers are friendly
5	Besides the amazing food, the customer services is also great. Every person I've brought here loves the food and later asks for the name of the restaurant & cross streets so that they can come back again.
5	Never seems to disappoint.  The bartenders are very warm, friendly and make amazing drinks.  You are not just a customer here, they want you to feel like family.  The food is good however, not everyone that works here speaks and understands English.  I came with a group and one of the people in our group is allergic to raw tomatoes and we had a real hard time explaining this to them.  One guy had no idea what she was saying and called over another guy who somewhat understood but was still confused.  The girl making the tortillas had no idea what was being said but glad to say she got some AMAZING tacos with no tomatoes of any kind on them.There is nothing on the menu I can say is bad here however some of the items were very salty.  One person in the group go a Chorizo taco and was way too salty for her.  She gave it to me and even I could tell it was very salty but that was the first time I tried the chorizo here so I do not have another experience to compare it to.The Al Pastor is Amazing, the Pollo tacos, burritos amazing.  The Mexican Corn on the Cob, WOW that is some good stuff.  The Mole Fries, sweet potato fries with cheese, mole, chicken, is your mouth watering yet....get a margarita to wash it down and you will be in heaven.The owners were here again on this visit which I mentioned in my last review...They were busy but I need to address something here. They are young, beautiful, successful women who have a place that makes amazing food and has a great atmosphere.  I did get a response to my last review where I mentioned the owners did not seem real friendly to the customers, they basically ignored everyone instead of saying hi and see how things were going.  The response was that they used to do this but some people took offense to this and thought they were flitting with people when they came to your table.First off, they can flirt with me anytime...Second, this is their business and it shows a lot of Pride and Satisfaction in an owner who walks around, welcomes you and thanks you for coming into their business.  If anyone takes offense to this, then go eat somewhere else.  NEVER NEVER NEVER put an owner of an establishment down or say they are flirting with you or someone you are with when all they are doing is QUALITY CHECKING the Satisfaction of the Customer.  You SHOULD ONLY BE SO LUCKY IF THEY WERE TO FLIRT WITH YOU!!!This place has great food as stated above and everyone should try this place.
5	The food is great quality and delicious every time! The meat is from a local meat market- Los Compadres, I get my meats from there and very few other places. I will continue to eat here whenever I need my taco fix. Tacoytaco for the win!
5	Hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas! I had a chicken taco, a carnitas taco, and a pastor taco. All of these were arguably the best street tacos I've ever had! The salsa bar is not just loaded with amazing fresh salsas, limes, and radish like you would expect, but it also has fried jalapenos in two different types of hot beans which really allows you to make a meal of a few tacos. Don't forget about their burritos, salads, and the Mexican corn! Oh god the Mexican corn!
4	Ok lemme me just say that this place is pretty legit, but coming from Los Angeles it's pretty hard to top King Taco and the likes. I have yet to find a place here that even comes close to the carne asada they have in LA. With that being said, the Al pastor tacos they have are very flavorful often times with pieces that legitimately taste like bacon. And their elotes are ohhhh so good, it takes me back to afternoons in LA when we munch on those suckers after we pick up our son from school. Food is a solid 3 (although one time I mistakenly ordered the chicharon taco thinking it was going to be a crunch fest and all I got was fatty soggy pork skin, I was mortified but the gentleman who helped me put the crunchy chicharon I was expecting on top to make up for it) plus 1 star for the awesome and friendly people that work here. We'll definitely be back as this is the hubby's go to place for tacos now that we've moved back into town.
4	Came here out of curiosity after continuously hearing their awful commercials on the radio and was very pleased!Super tasty tacos.  Friendly staff.  Abundant options. Clean restaurant.Came here on a Sunday evening around 7pm and the place was fairly packed.  I had 9 tacos because I wanted to try all the different meats having never been there (which turned out bad the next day if you know what I mean), but all of them were very delicious!  They have a salsa bar with many different types of salsas and toppings, also tried almost all of them and they were great.The staff was very courteous and helpful with the menu.  The place was extremely clean from the taco bar itself to the restroom.Overall very pleased and will be going back!
