4	I was in a real jam when my work car broke down and I didn't have enough quite enough cash to pay the full price of the tow.  This company was more concerned about my safety than the price and I wouldn't call anybody else after that.
5	Their price was right and the service was excellent.  I had a small problem with my spare and they even followed me to a service station to make sure I got there safely.  Thanks Save Money.  5 stars!
5	Richard provided fast, friendly, service . ....went above and beyond the call of duty. In this day and age hard to find honest , good people, that you can count on to provide top notch service. For the true towing experience****  Call Save Money Towing ****Owen&Rebbecca
5	I had a tire blow out on the freeway and had no spare. After calling a few tow companies I knew I needed to make a choice quickly so I chose Save Money Towing for no other reason then they happen to answer the call and had a pleasant attitude. I am glad I did! Richard answered the phone and was extremely helpful in every way possible. He was also the one that showed up to tow my car, which is a plus cuz he already knew the situation rather then having someone show up that's clueless.  He brought a spare tire that fit and waited patiently for me to get there. Unfortunately I had to send someone in my place but Richard was very understanding and tolerated the confusion and chaos. He was quick to get my car drivable and kept me informed every step of the way. When it was all said and done I owed him money that he let me pay the next day.This tow company is excellent and I will for sure use them in the future if needed!  They are helpful, honest, and reasonably priced!!
1	My car wasn't even turn on in my parking lot, i thought it might be dead battery. After i googled on yelp i found this guy with a nice tittle ( save money towing) i thought to myself this can be a good choice. I called him and he said it cost 75$ to tow my car, and i said ok. He didn't show up at the time he gave me and it was like two hours later. He was so on rush at the time i was talking to mechanic and he kept saying "you killing me man" every single minute, as if he is doing a favor to me and it's all free. He ask me for 5$ more after i said i pay by debit card. This is exactly what i experience with him. i give him one star cuz i think he needs to be patient and respect the customer. He is not running a hotel he should know that his customer is in rough situation and he should help customer instead of making more stress on him or her.
5	I have 25yrs in customer service, so I recognize it when I receive it.  I first used them summer of 2011. Broke down in S. Scottsdale, and my trusted tech is in Chandler. The gent was out when he said he would be, and was extremely professional and courteous. Not some reformed addict wearing filthy clothes, as we all have seen a time or two. He had me assist in lifting my car, but no more than my own comfort would allow me to do. I just listened to his directions carefully, and there was no issue.  When I 'broke down' again last December, by UoP Stadium way, way out west....I called him again. Thankfully, it turned out I'd simply run out of gas, and didn't know it. That car was by then on its last legs, and burning more MPG per tank than I could keep track of. I didn't need the tow that night, afterall. If I do again, I won't call anyone else unless he tells me he can't make it.
5	I got into an accident, total bummer, and my car wasn't in driving condition. Richard happened to come by and asked me if I needed a tow. I was so grateful that he did. He immediately moved my car out of the street so avoid possible further damage and then came back with his truck to pick up my car. He recommended a great auto body shop that my insurance had listed as a premium vendor (yay!) and had my friend and I follow him there so I could see the car off. Richard was extremely helpful and friendly and took good care of my banged up car. I'm very appreciative that he stopped to help.
5	Prompt.  Professional.  Prices about the going rate.Dee was the tow truck driver.  Nice guy.I would use these folks again.
1	Bottom line got a quote over the phone. Person said he would waive a $25 fee. When driver got there they did not in fact waive the fee and ended up charging me almost double what they quoted, to tow a car literally less than half a mile.
1	What a flake. I called three or four times to check on when they were coming. Was given one time that passed. Called back and was told it would be another hour. Called back two hours later, got some woman on the phone who sounded drunk, who said the guy didn't feel well and went to the ER. Thanks for letting ME know, while we waited and waited and waited and WAITED for you to show up. Never again.
1	THIS IS ABSOLUTELY THE WORSE TOW SERVICE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STAY FAR WAY....Run!I spoke with a man name Dee by phone, (What man calls himself "Dee? - Should have taken as a warning sign to run). Dee quoted me a flat rate price of $50.00 provided I pay cash and write a positive review (unhealthy...quid pro quo...another clue to run - a company delivering good service does not have to ask customer to write good reviews).  At any rate, I cannot write a positive review because my experience was...anything but positive.  When the person from "Save Money Towing" a.k.a "Chandler Towing Service" finally showed up, after an entire - nonproductive day of waiting, I asked if his name was Dee. The little man stated, "yes" to my query regarding his name.  He then asked me where my auto was being towed, again this should have been another red flag to not do any business with these people. Dee, the man I spoke with by phone had prior knowledge of where my auto was to be taken because we discussed it at length during our many phone conversations.  Initially I was going to have my auto towed to my house.  But I found an auto mechanic in the area who suggested I have the auto towed to his business.  And when I explained the change to Dee on the phone, he again quoted me the flat rate of $50.00 provided I still agreed to pay him with cash and write a positive review.  However, the person showed up calling himself Dee he had no knowledge of our prior phone conversations. This little man had a rental u-Haul hitch attached to a white pick up truck and immediately attempted to extort more money.  He stated that he was not in fact, Dee.  He emphatically stated that the he was not the owner and had no authority to alter or haggle with price.  He stated that he would require an extra $10.00 due to company policy requiring an additional $3.50 per mile.  When I asked him again if he was Dee, the little man stated he was indeed not Dee and that he did not care whom I spoke with by phone.  He stated Dee had no authority to make any decisions.  He then stated that he was in fact the owner but had lied because he does not want anyone to know that he is the owner.  My husband explained that we only brought $50.00 cash as per our telephone agreement, to which the little man stated he would have to call someone to see if accepting $50.00 to go three miles was acceptable.  This after he just stated he was the owner, go figure...After some considerable more time waiting, given I had been waiting all day for Dee to arrive; The little man came back and agreed to tow my auto to the auto mechanic for $50.00 cash.  He angrily stated he would need the money up front, to which I ignored.  I never pre-pay for services not rendered satisfactorily!!! He then stated it was a one-time courtesy, as if he was doing me a favor...the unmitigated gall!
