4	This place has everything to offer.  Pool with cabanas, work out room with plenty of machines that are clean & actually work, events for the community to attend that lets you meet your neighbors and my girlfriend has a good sized dog that she is able to have (with a pre payment of $200 and I think her rent is $25 higher each month).  There are baggies all around the property to clean up after your dog and the employees are great.  Many of the workers live on the property too.
1	Lots of roaches and bugs...tons of rollie pollies,pincher bugs and even had a couple of brown recluse spiders. have had apartments spray at least 4 times. Huge tarantulas at night time. They d allow clubhouse use so don't try to host any events there. One tenant ruined it and now I guess no one is allowed to. You can only go into the jacuzzi the day the pool is clean otherwise there are roaches and bugs...we would clean it ourselves so we could go in but the net is locked up.Cars in the apartments speed thru..very dangerous for children. No safe place for them to play. Very pet friendly place...dogs poop everywhere. No one picks up after their dogs but that&#39;s not apartments fault. Attempted break in and it&#39;s been 2 weeks and apartments still haven&#39;t even made an incident report. Highly overpriced for the sq.footage and the rent doesn&#39;t include any utilities so you have to pay for water, renters insurance etc. Plus I have a baby and a husband that works nights and for the past 3 months we have not had any sleep at all due to upstairs neighbor locking up his dog while he is gone 10  plus hours. Staff won&#39;t do anything.so my husband has been almost falling asleep at night and the dog constantly wakes up my newborn. It sounds like we have a dog. Plus no stores close by..if you have to run out and get a gallon of milk it would take a minimum of half and hour. However very friendly office staff... Tiffany and courtney are great. Wish we could move sooner.we've been here almost 18 months. It's not the ghetto and I wouldn't mind paying even a lot more if we didn't have to deal with all the negative stuff.
4	Came to visit a friend and aesthetically externally and her unit everything was really nice. There seemed to be plenty of parking and the set up was decent. The room size seemed smallish but I think thats pretty standard in apartments now a days. From an outsider, no real complaints, i'll leave that to the residents!
1	I live here and my car was vandalized.  No security like they said they have.  Maintenance is sub par.  Office staff good at taking money, slow to resolve anything.  Kids all over unattended, loud parties at night.  Started off as a reasonably nice place, turned into a real slum.  If you want something like this place, just go off the strip, less money with all the same bullshit.  Do yourself and your family a favor and pass this one by.  I will as soon as the lease is up.
2	My wife and I lived at Avanti from October of 2011 until July of 2013.  In those 21 months, we enjoyed our time there.  They have a great pool/BBQ area, and the 1 bedroom apartment was all we needed at the time.  They were pretty efficient about getting things fixed, and for the price of $725/mo, we really couldn't beat it.All that being said, I just got done with my move out/check out process...We moved into a house about a month before our lease at the apartment was up.  Because of this, I had the power to the apartment cut when we no longer lived there.  This being the case, it would have been difficult for me to vacuum after we moved everything out.  So, I specifically asked how the cleaning fees were assessed after the move out so I could understand what I really needed to clean.  I was told, "We don't really charge for cleaning after move out, just major damages."  Great.  Had I known that they would charge me $50 for extra cleaning ($25 for cleaning, and $25 for a TRASH BAG), I would have ran an extension cord from outside to vacuum the inside.  When I explained to Avanti what I had been told earlier, and informed them of how I would have vacuumed if they had explained their policy when I inquired about it, they replied, "It's in your lease."BEWARE IF YOU OWN PETS!!!We owned one small, house-trained dog, and when we moved in, we paid a $250 non-refundable pet FEE.  Fine. The pet DEPOSIT (which is an additional $250) was waived because of a move-in special.  However, because they waived the initial deposit, they charged us $120 for "pet cleaning" upon move out.  Once again, had I known that, I would have made sure the carpets looked pristine.  This is not to mention the "pet RENT" that we paid every month ($25/mo PER PET for 21 months = Another $525 in pet fees for us).  So if you're not prepared to get triple-charged for your pets and pay a total of $895 or more to have your pet(s) live with you at Avanti, you may want to consider a more "pet-friendly" apartment.  I didn't argue the extra damage fees they charged us at move-out because I didn't take pictures of the entire apartment to prove otherwise...An overall good experience at this apartment was completely tarnished by the fact that they really screwed us after we were done living there, and really didn't care. I guess this review mirrors the others that have been posted:Good apartment complex, piss poor management.
1	YOUR ARE NOT SAFE HERE AND THEY HAVE OPENLY STATED THEY DONT CARE!! (In writing) Staff needs to at least pretend they know what they are doing. I brought up a safety concern to the management team of this property and was expecting cooporation and undestanding. in return, thier "Resident Service and Claims Management Department" stating the following: (see attached picture as well) "As Management of an apartment community, Management is not a position to prevent crime. In fact, Management does not promise, warrent or guarantee the safety or security of residents or their property against the criminal actions of other residents or third parties. Each resident has the responsability to protect himself" So in other words, sleep with a knife next to you or go out and buy a gun if you dont feel safe. Horrified!! Thank goodness I'm out of here in a couple of months..
1	The place is dirty the manager is evil and vindictive and mean and they will rip you off anyway they can. woe unto them who rent here....
1	THIS PLACE IS AWFUL!!! They're beautiful apartments, but the staff is BEYOND DISGUSTING. We went in, applied, we're told everything looks good, turn ur power on in the apartment.  Then we were suddenly denied and Michelle,  the manager treated me like crap. She talked down to me like I was trash, she completely changed her story, was no longer nice,  she was very condescending and I have never felt more worthless,  like I didn't belong in a nice place ever in my life. Then I called corporate because how our situation was handled was hideous. And Greg, the gentleman I spoke to was just as bad. They made up a bunch of shit on why we didn't get approved and he had such an attitude when I was just asking for an explanation, it was ridiculous. If you're not obviously flashing money everywhere,  and if you're not fancy and stuck up, you're gonna get treated like shit. Im seriously looking into how to go above corporate because I am beyond insulted.
4	I lived here for 11 months. I really loved everything about AVANTI, the only bad thing I have to say is how far these apartments are and how much I have spent on gas. Other than that I really enjoyed my stay. Staff was always friendly and very helpful. The pool was always kept clean and the computer room was very useful. I never got to use the gym but from what I seen it was very nice as well! Definitely one of the best apartments I have stayed in!
2	Don't live here.1. No covered parking will ever be available because they refuse to monitor where visitors park or provide any set spots or tags to id you as a resident.2. If you get a package that doesn't fit in your box they will hold it in the office and the staff is incompetent so when you go to pick it up they won't know what you're talking about.3. Half of the equipment in the gym is broken, and I can tell you it was broken for a year solid when I lived there. 4. The printer, scanner, and fax in the office center rarely function and heaven forbid if you have to ask the office staff for help with it as they're closed during normal business hours all the time.5. When you move in they might provide you with the wrong address (like they did to me) so you have to forward your mail again and lose a lot of important bills/documents that were sent to this wrong address.6. They don't monitor the pet policies so there are huge dogs all over the place and their owners aren't held responsible for picking up the dogs messes so the entire complex smells like shit.7. When you move out and you ask the office staff if you owe any further don't trust them. Months later, even if your online account says $0.00, they will call about 'unpaid past utility bills' and expect you to pay without proof.8. Get used to seeing the police. There are lots of eviction notices and they don't require much of new residents so there's a high amount of crime and parties within the complex. And management couldn't care less.I'll give them that it's a nice quiet part of town and overall it's a lovely facility but it isn't worth it.
5	As a former renter at this complex I just want to say WOW. I lived in my apartment there for about two years and was so sad to have to leave. It was by far the best complex I had ever lived in, in all of Las Vegas. The amenities were wonderful. I barbecued every summer, I swam till I couldn't swim any more, I sat in the hot tub in the winter. The gym and yoga room were clean and wonderful. The complex was quiet and I felt right at home, right away. The leasing agents were all so friendly and always eager to help, and the property manager was wonderful. During the course of my life there I only experienced a couple minor maintenance issues, and they were always fixed faster than I expected. If I go back to an apartment I'll be going back to Avanti.
1	Let's start by saying that I lived in Avanti for 2.5 years. And when I first moved in I LOVED the place. It was quiet, and it seemed like the residents were screened. Parking was fine at the time too. And the staff was AMAZING.... Fast forward to two years later and all I have are horror stories!1. My car was vandalized. No one in the office gave a crap, at all. No compassion. All they said is that they have security. Hmm, well in the whole time I lived there I saw security about 4 times .. And he was an old old man who sat on the wall smoking and falling asleep. SOOOOO, I ended up having to pay $80 extra a month for a garage so my car wouldn't get vandalized AGAIN.2. Someone came into my apartment while I was gone and changed out my burners. On my stove. Of course when I called the office they told me no one had been there. But I am a OCD neat freak and I know when something is different. My burners didn't even look the same !! Completely switched out to dirty old ones. 3. The office staff is rude as hell now. VERY rude. Don't ever expect any help with anything because they simply do not care.4. Dog shit everywhere!!5. Lastly, after ALWAYS paying my rent on time, even early ... For 2.5 years .... I had a very high risk pregnancy and ended up in the hospital on bed rest for months. Clearly I lost my job from this as well, so I had to break my lease only TWO MONTHS early. I didn't ask for much, just to be able to make reasonable payments on the remainder of my lease since I wasn't working, had a baby in the nicu & tons of medical bills from my hospital stay. The manager didn't give a damn and wouldn't work out any type of payments with me. So they sent me to collections. Nice. I also had my apartment cleaned to the T (it was always very clean anyway) when I moved out & my carpets shampooed. Even though I never wore shoes on my carpet or anything. On my final bill they stayed I had severe carpet damage. WHHHHHAT?! I was told they would send me pictures of the damage but never did. So after being charged $4,000 .. And sent to collections when I was willing to pay, they just wouldn't accept any payments... I have to say, AVANTI U SHOULD BE ASHAMED!
