4	I have been there twice so far.  And will keep going back.  OPA!!!
5	Thank you for coming to Gilbert! I love greek, and there are 2 greek restaurants in Gilbert that I've tolerated. But My Big Fat Greek is my absolute favourite. I came on the first day it opened, and will come eat there for many more. It is probably one of the smallest Big Fat Greek's I've been to, but that's what I love about it. It has charming outdoor seating, beautiful interior, and a fun bar. I also really appreciate their happy hour prices ($4 appetizers & $5 mojitos!) and that they offer it 7 days a week. I think by now I have tried mostly everything on their menu and I have no complains. My favourites are the chicken & rice soup, greek style chicken wings, and flaming cheese. It's where the old Gecko Grill used to be, and since they have just opened there, it's a great place to eat on the weekends!
5	Tonight was my first visit to this store. The food was great and the servers were friendly (especially Jeff who gave my roomie and I a sample of some tasty sangria). I'll definitely be returning!
4	Great salad! How about making fries from fresh potatoes rather than using frozen ones?  Or is it the owner's opinion that we at Gilbert don't know any better?
5	We have been occasional patrons of My Big Fat Greek, but this location outdoes the rest!Since these are franchise locations, every one is different with regards to the owners and the way the restaurant is managed. The food here is absolutely mouthwatering and home-made, but above all else the service is the most accommodating we've encountered and is personable and friendly.It's a small restaurant, unlike some of the other locations, but the atmosphere is warm and inviting. This food is best enjoyed with a group where it can be shared and sampled around the table. Every so often flaming platters are brought out to the tables around the restaurant, which make for an exciting show of fire.As far as the food, everything reminds us of our home-made meals and everything was moist and tender. If your party likes meat and likes sampling a little bit of everything on the menu, I would recommend trying the meat lover's platter, which needs a minimum of a couple people to order. The price may be steep on this platter, but it is enormous and can feed several people and still leave enough for leftovers.The prices in general are great, considering the portion sizes, and we are told that the lunch specials are dirt cheap. This is definitely towards the top of our list for Greek and Mediterranean restaurants. The close proximity makes it a fast and easy choice for a last minute dinner.
5	Came here to treat myself to a Valentines dinner. Even though they were winding down, they treated me excellently. I had a feast of Greek fries, Greek chicken wings, and a cup of soup. It was all very delicious.
4	The staff was friendly and attentive. We have been there twice now and they remembered us from the first time. Very helpful when giving recommendations. The food was better than average and the portions are good.The price point is low but the product quality is high, which makes this a great place.The only reason it hasn't received 5 stars from me is that I haven't dined there enough to see if the price and product quality stay consistent. Put it this way, I would take my friends and family to this place!
1	I was super turned off by the dishonesty of our waitress. My bill was $18.53 (or .50 something) and I put $40 cash in to get change for a tip. When our waitress brought my change back over 5 minutes later (and me having to ask for it) she only bought back $20. 3 5's and 5 1's. Thinking I couldn't count I gave it to my friend to count who also counted $20. Now $1.50 isn't that much but it was MY $1.50 to decide about. We took the change up to the front and asked where the rest of our change was. The person disappeared with out bill and our waitress came back to...no...not apologize but to claim that there was $21 in there. That she had "kept $19 for the bill". I hadn't realized that by paying in cash that meant that the waitress got to automatically keep any change that should have been in there. Granted I would have left the change in there anyway but it was MY money to decide on. She went so far as to ask me if I wanted to count the money again. Of course there would be correct change in there now. She had just gotten the chance to add more. We had already counted it several times before complaining. It was only $20. I still left her $3 which, when combined with the change she already kept, brought her to a $3.50 tip. A fair tip for an $18.50 bill but had she been honest she would have gotten a $5. I was so disgusted by her lying and then trying to cover it up that I will NEVER eat there again. EVER.
5	Great service, great food.  Thanks Groupon, will be back!
5	LOVED it!! We have been to other locations but this is now our fave.  friendly service especially Will he took great care of us.  the meat lovers platter for two was incredible and huge, can actually feed four with this!, tasty and fresh food, nice modern atmosphere. Can't wait to go back.
