5	First time I went here was a couple weeks ago to get some work redone on my back. Very cool, chill atmosphere, really nice and helpful people working there. Seth is the artist that did my work and he was absolutely amazing! Very talented! Was quicker than I though, and it looks awesome and so much better than it did. Last Friday I went back in because I've had an idea I've wanted to do for a while and again, Seth nailed it! He drew up the art a week earlier and last Friday I went in and we did it. I could go on, but just really impressed with my experience. You never know what could happen in a tattoo shop and I chose this one because it's well known. And my expectations were exceeded. Check out the photos!
5	I had a tattoo that I needed redone and I was referred to Seth Alexander at the Scottsdale location.  Words cannot describe how happy I am with it.  He did a superb job on reworking my existing tattoo.  He was professional, nice, and had a great attitude.  I would definitely recommend Seth or any of the tattoo artists at any of the Club Tattoos.  The shops are very clean, well designed, they have great jewelry, clothes, and all kinds of neat things!  My expectations were far exceeded!  Thank you:)
5	Club Tattoo is a great place to go to get pierced! This shop, that used to be located in more South Scottsdale, is extremely clean and very aesthetically pleasing. The piercer I usually prefer is Plaid, and although he has his unique personality, he is phenomenal at what he does! I've gotten several piercings from him (triple flat, navel, and tongue frenulum) , and his is very professional, knows how to do his job and is insightful. Their prices are extremely reasonable, as they include the price of the piercing and the jewelery in one. The thing I like best is that they let you pick the jewelery you want from the beginning versus making you get pierced with the generic white crystal or silver ball colors like some other places do. I have some pictures attached of the piercings I've gotten! (: The girls at the front counter are very personable also, and aren't afraid to make friendly conversation with you while you wait, either!
5	On a whim, I decided I needed my fifth tattoo. I had a great artist (I think his name was Justin or Dustin?) who greeted me when I walked through the door and was able to take me as a walk in. He helped me with the computer catalog they have set up and showed me his work. He drew up my tattoo quickly and with  a few size adjustments, we were on our way. This place is clean and he took his time disinfecting everything and setting up - which has to be appreciated. I would come here again in a heartbeat!
5	My sister and I went in to get matching sister tattoos. We only had vague ideas of what we wanted. The super sweet receptionist set us up with John and he drew up beautiful designs based on what we asked for. The tattooing process hurt of course; we had them done on our feet. But not nearly as bad as we feared it would. John was so nice through the thing. He told us all about his wife, children and pet pit bulls. The whole shop was extremely clean and well lit. All the staff seemed really friendly too. We had a wonderful time, and would recommend this place (specifically John!) to anyone looking to get a tattoo!
5	I have been getting my tattoos done at Club Tattoo since college. Both at the Tempe location and my recent one at the new location in old town Scottsdale. The artists here are great especially Joey C. and Chris Bryan. The customer service is awesome, you always feel welcome and are greeted almost immediately. I feel as if Club Tattoo should be your first choice if you are thinking of getting work done. I will be back soon to work on my other arm sleeve. Sean, it is never too early to start handing out some early Christmas bonuses haha. You guys rock see you soon!
5	I just went back for my 2nd tattoo with Terry Wookie Hoffman at this location.  I literally knew I wanted another artistic piece from him the minute he finished my first one!  First the shop.  Location is worth the drive for the talent of this man.  DRIVE HERE regardless of where you live.  (I have cousins in LA that will be making an appointment with him on their next trip out).  The shop is beyond clean, modern - loved the computerized catalog, plus lots of other goodies to get here!   Huge jewelry selection (though I haven't had the guts to do a piercing yet), very nice things.   Second, the artist.   As I mentioned this is my 2nd one, but  knew people who had work done by him, so when I finally made the appointment for my first, he was great in talking with me what I wanted, and he's the artist, I didn't have to tell him exactly what I wanted, shape size color, I mentioned and showed things I didn't like, and genre of something I did, and voila, he magically read my mind, and gave me a beautiful piece of art!   My husband went to him for his first piece and honestly, people can't stop raving about his artwork too!   Yesterday's art piece was a hummingbird & Chinese balloon flower - and pull into another celtic symbol I already had (another artist).  Hard to explain, but he got it when I went for my consult.   My hummingbird looks so photorealistic - my husband cannot stop looking at it!   The detail is freakishly awesome!   Woookie is truly an artist - creative, talented and original.   I literally was in tears when I saw my piece!! (yeah, I'm a wuss)Third, the staff/team:  From the minute I walked in the first time, everyone is nice, you're greeted & immediately helped.  I was wandering at the jewelry and someone asked if I wanted to see anything, had questions, just overall helpful..  What a concept!For anyone who is nervous, has a good concept of what they PERMANENTLY want, Wookie was great to talk to and solidify the idea, let alone have your own masterpiece to show for it!!
