4	Posh Nails is just around the corner from my parents' house.  I didn't realize how great it was until in a pinch I had to go get a manicure in a hurry.The inside of Posh Nails is clean and well put together.  New release movies are always playing on a big flat screen tv mounted at one end of the room.A basic manicure is $12 which is fairly acceptable.  I usually like to get a basic from a non-high-end salon for $10, but Posh is worth it.  The staff is very friendly and the owner is most often always there.  Lately they've really been pushing the pedicures, which actually are a fabulous deal (if only I had more time to get them more often!) A basic pedicure is $20-25 and with it you get a hot stone massage on your legs for no extra charge---which is amazing!  It seriously feel soooo good;  a major added bonus.They always take their time and give you extra care if needed (which sometimes means that they don't understand the concept of "I have to leave for a meeting in a half an hour--can we make this work?)All in all, I'm glad to have this neighborhood place around.  They're closed on Mondays by the way, so make sure to plan for that!
3	Your typical nail salon with a "just above average" pedicure. The place was very clean and had a newer movie playing (loudly). I liked that the owner tells the girls to speak only English and that they use hot stones for the massage at no extra charge. Not sure why but the hot towels they use at the end had a very strange almost offensive odor!  I would probably go back for the $20.00 classic pedi and ask for Amanda next time My friend that went with me liked her a lot.  I've had much better & much worse!!!
5	My grandmother wanted to take me out for my birthday to get my nails done so we went to this place. I was pleased with the star rating and it was located in between our homes. Fortunately they were not busy so we were helped right away. For future reference they prefer appointments. The number one thing that we both liked was that the girls were not speaking Asian across the room to each other, its extremely rude.Most of them were American, which you rarely see these days unless you go to a high end salon. For $30 we got manicures and pedicures. I must say I normally don't like the leg massage but they use hot stones which felt amazing! I loved everything about this place; from the massage chairs to the neatness of their restroom. Something I have never seen before...the nail polish was in color order not all mixed up. I cant wait to go back!
5	Posh is amazing. My family has been going here for 4 years and we are in love with them. Everyone is so friendly and amazing.A pedicure includes a hot stone massage but the upgrade pedicures are all worth it as well.A full colored set is 25 and they always look amazing. They do so many different designs some traditional and some very unique.The colors are ordered, so if you are looking for a purple, all the purples are together, all the blues, pinks, and so on. It's definitely easy to find the exact color you want.Posh also has nail designs throughout the salon so that if you need an inspiration for a different design, you have easy access.The owner is Susan and she is so friendly. Amanda has worked there for years and she does amazing work as well. All the other employees are all great as well.There is always a new movie or show on the large flat screen.Waxing and facial services are available at a reasonable rate too.They are closed on Mondays and prefer appointments so keep that in mind. Also, they only speak English in the shop.
5	I just got home from the most amazing pedicure I have ever had. I got the "Hawaiian" package. It included "more time", a hot stone massage, a parafin treatment, and a scrub.The price was $35. My technician was very friendly but not very talkative which is a plus, when I get a pedicure I want to relax and not try to make small talk. I enjoyed a super long foot and leg massage, which was amazing! The parafin dip left my feet sooooo soft. Before I went in, my heels looked like I have been walking around all summer without shoes (somewhat true). Now they look nearly perfect. I chose to get a design, she made a flower design on my big toes which is adorable. The atmosphere of this salon was very comfortable. The technicians don't speak chinese back and forth, not trying to sound racist but usually when I get anything done at a nail salon I am constantly amazed at how they don't seem to think it is rude at all. In fact everyone working there was english speaking, a plus when working with english-speaking clients. :)  Very clean, nice selection of polish. I wasn't pressured to get a manicure or get my eyebrows waxed, or any other service. They had a movie playing (rather loudly I must say) but it was nice to just veg out while being pampered. I will most def be back, thanks Posh Nails!
2	Since I origionally wrote this review, Susan has sold the Nail Salon. Amanda has left. I continued going to Posh for a few months after Susan "took vacation." The new owners didn't want to say that Susan left cause they didn't want to have long time customers who were loyal to her leave. They are nice, but they push higher priced services and aren't quite as good as the entire team. I don't like being lied to, so I stopped going here.
5	You absolutely need to come to this nail salon. It's the best and they do such an amazing job!!! :) It's super nice inside too. I won't go anywhere else and would highly recommend it to anyone.
4	They did a good job. Tried the magnet look on my nails. Pretty cool look.
5	I had Lay as my nail technician and she was such a sweetheart! I loved the whole experience she gave for my spa pedicure and regular manicure. They had a great nail polish selection and extremely welcoming. The layout and chairs are very clean and tidy. The owner is very nice and ensures that you are comfortable and enjoying the experience. I'm so excited I found this salon because I have been looking for an affordable place that has a great atmosphere.
5	Love this place. I tried about four or five other places before I found posh. I won't go anywhere else now.
5	I went to Posh Nails for the first time this past weekend and got a pedicure and a fill along with gel polish for my fingernails.  Service was great and the Technician did an excellent job removing my callouses from my heels, which is always a concern as I suffer with incredibly dry feet.  He did a very wonderful and thorough job even though it was only their 'basic' pedicure.  I'm thrilled with my fingernails as well, the acrylic is even and not lumpy and thin but not so thin it's brittle.  Gel polish is lovely and looks like it will last at least 3 weeks.  I will willingly drive across town to get this level of service.  5 Stars!
5	I've been coming here over the last year. The staff is friendly. I go to a girl named Ley. She's wonderful and very thorough. Highly recommend this place!
3	Two of my sisters and my brother-in-law stopped here for a manicure and pedicure after seeing positive reviews on yelp. We all got what I believe was the Deluxe Pedi & Mani for $55. The staff was patient and personable. The foot treatment was great, and included lots of exfoliating and smoothing treatments. The toenail paint was fine. However, when it came to the manicures, we were fairly disappointed. It seemed more hurried and less careful than the pedicure. Most of our nails came out with an uneven coat, and were very easily smudged. One of my sisters went back for a redo twice, while I had the finger nails completely redone because of the uneven coating. I also had to have them re-trimmed because the shapes were asymmetrical, and not rounded, as I requested. Since the first nail color was too thick, I chose a more translucent polish, for the second round, which was fine. Another sister had more opaque coral, and on inspection after leaving, she was unhappy with the overall quality. I realized later that the shape of my nails were all subtly uneven, and still not the rounded shape I was looking for, including my toenails. I also noticed my cuticles were very dry and contained unclean edges. My brother-in-law just has a trim and cuticle treatment, and he was fine with his nails. To the business, I would recommend taking the nail polish out of the direct sunlight of the window, as it's thickening the product, or testing polish before customer usage in case a thinner is necessary. Attention to detail when it comes to the nails should be the number one priority. The staff should review proper techniques and apply them every time, with care, rather than whisking through without reviewing the results.I wouldn't recommend going here specifically for nail color, but the foot/leg treatments were the most time consuming, and best feature.
5	The best customer service in town. The whole salon is personable and willing to go above and beyond. Tyla is an amazing nail artist. She can do anything you want. I won't go anywhere else.  All around a wonder and relaxing experience!
4	I am a regular here so I love this place.  I've gotten a mani and pedi from almost everyone that works here and each time I have had no complaints.  The service is great, they are always consistent, and they do a great job cleaning the cuticles.  The price is pretty standard for what you get in the area and worth it because the place is clean and the service is quality.  I always just get the basic package, but my polish stays on for over a week, unlike at some places where it chips two days later.  My only issue is their nail polish selection, because they mostly have only O.P.I. and no Essie, however, I usually just end up bringing my own.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to get my nails and toes done. I've been in for tons of mani pedis and everyone has been great. My favorite person to get though is Lei. She's a total sweetheart and does amazing work. My nails and toes always come out so cute!I also love how they line each tub with clear plastic. I've watched them after someone leaves and they disinfect immediately. After things are cleaned, they get out a new liner and cover the tub for the next person. Very, very clean! The best part is the price! $20 is their basic pedicure and it includes hot oil, hot stone, and hot towel. Can't beat that! Highly, highly recommend!!!!!
5	Very friendly and kind staff. Lay did a wonderful job on creating my Christmas nails and she was so funny and genuine!Clean interior, great prices ($25 for a basic gel manicure is unheard of on my side of town!) and warm and welcoming people.Highly recommend!
5	Absolutely love my Christmas nails! Don did them today and he did absolutely amazing. Very quality work. Jon usually does my pedicure and always does an awesome job. Lay has done my nails a couple of times and also does a great job and is very sweet.
