5	Greg(?) had my car running smoothly in a snap! Thank you so much!
5	This is the mechanic you want to see if you are mechanically-challenged or if you are a girl who knows a little about cars! ;) Greg is honest, trust-worthy, and really easy going. He will get you back on the road in no time AND tell you what you need to watch for down the road. He's a good guy! If you're in Mesa, I highly recommend him (and believe me, when I say I've been through the ringer with car mechanics this year and this is a HIGH recommendation!)! I will coming back to him in the future most definitely!
5	I'll tell you a few things about the dude at Bowers that have put him at the top of my go-to list for auto repair.He has demonstrated a keen sense of what is going on with my car and is not reluctant to tell me what it is. On more than one occasion I have come in with my 1998 Ford Contour and explained some problem or issue that the car is having, and he has listened, calmly made suggestions about what it MIGHT be, never once tried to persuade me to leave the car or pay him money to look at it or fix something I wasn't asking about (god knows he could have - the car is 15 yrs old), and even diagnosed the problem and told me exactly how to fix it myself at a fraction of what he would have to charge.He pressure-tested my car for free to isolate a coolant leak (to the water pump) for me. Six months later, after I realized I didn't have the capabilities of fixing it in my garage, but having already bought a water pump and coolant, he fixed it for me and subtracted the cost of the part and the fluid, allowing me to use the stuff I bought. It's difficult to tell with auto repair guys, but I get a good vibe with this guy cuz he doesn't seem to have an angle. Well, except that he seems to be thinking more long-range in his business approach - he isn't gonna try to squeeze you for everything he can get just to make a sale. He'd rather make a customer. By shooting straight and trusting you to figure out for yourself if and how he can help you, so you can make the decisions that are right for you and not feel pressured to make the wrong ones.Bowers gets my business first for these reasons, and is the first place I recommend to friends.
5	Here's my story:I purchased a car in Arizona from my parents, but I live in California. The car needed to be serviced and diagnosed. I called around and no one really seemed to fit my standards. Then I found Greg. He was more than helpful. There were so many stops in the road.. I couldn't find a guy to tow it for a reasonable price, and tow it without me present. Greg found me some one he knew to tow it without me there AND for a KILLER deal. I thought for sure I was going to have to drive out there, but Greg made it so i didn't have to! WHAT A LIFE SAVER. So, he diagnosed the vehicle, a 2006 PT Cruiser, and it turned out that the transmission was toast. I didn't have the money to ship it to California, so I asked if he knew anyone who was looking to scrap one. He offered to buy it! I sold it to him, MAILED him the title and he went the extra mile and dropped off all of the belongings from the PT to my parents' house! If you're looking for half-ass service don't go here. If you're looking for a shop to use for a lifetime? Here's you place. Greg goes above and beyond expectations to really assist not only your car, but you as! I just met the guy, and I'd happily call him a friend.He really bailed me out.I couldn't ask for a better person, let alone a mechanic!
5	Very helpful and knowledgeable! Gave my van a tuneup using my parts since I was too weak to do it myself :)! Thanks!
