5	Just so you know, we travel constantly for business and have been patrons at some of the best restaurants across North America. That being said, we are often more critical because we have seen some of the best and some of the worst. Either way, it has been fun!Wow! We were walking down King st with no destination for dinner other than check out the local cute restaurants. We went into King street Trio to check out the menu and could have not been more welcomed by Andrew.  Holidays (in this case Family Day) often are slow in higher end restaurants. We have found in our travels across America  and Canada for business that  for whatever reason these restaurants hosts take out the slow day on walk-in traffic making you wish you never walked in because you did not have a reservation or know the secret handshake.Not here! Andrew asked us if we had a reservation, when we replied in the negative he immediately went into action telling us to pick any table we liked. He didn't just sit us and take off, he spent a few minutes acquainting us with the menu and drink menu.Our server Ashley was really great. Again, sometimes on a slow night you will get a server that mentally takes the night off and you constantly have to wave them down or they are practically sitting on the table because they are bored. Ashley was neither, she was on top of her game. Andrew came to our table to see how we were doing and we mentioned how much we liked the decor and the menu he showed us a recent favorable review (which raved about my meal & I concur). He was incredibly informative about the other restaurants within the umbrella of Trio, and explained the differences in menus to us.My chicka is an odd gal, she is crazy friendly and chatty. Though show her a dirty restaurant bathroom & she wants us to pay for drinks and move on. She is a big believer in details, and if a restaurant cannot be bothered to keep a bathroom reasonably clean or soap filled... we are gone. Trio... was immaculate. I  had the Porcini Chicken Supreme. It was incredible. The Chicken was well cooked and tender but not over cooked by being stuffed. The stuffing of cheese and mushrooms was just enough yet not overwhelming or lacking.My Chicka had the Pickeral which as Ashley described was a stronger tasting Tilapia. It was incredible! My chicka wondered why this native of the great lake's is not used more. A Google search turned up that this fish has smaller bones which can lead to trouble deboning. This just adds to our love for Trio, they take the time work with difficult fish for excellent results.As we enjoyed the atmosphere &  finished our wine Andrew informed us that being travelers dessert was on the house. WoW!!!!!!!!!!!! Please order the desserts, their dessert chef is amazing!!!!!!!!!! To make it even more incredible, Ashley brought out some candied Almonds. Little did Ashley know that my Chicka packs a snack bag of mixed nuts for me to snack on... my chicka was not shy to let her know & laugh at how Ashley was now my new nut supply.So we were finishing up and signing the check, Ashley brought out more candied Almonds because I must of had huge eyes and my Chicka made fun of my love of nuts. Seriously.... how nice!!Between Andrew and Ashley we wish that the owners open up a Trio  in Chicago's River North so we can have an awesome restaurant that is i walking distance.
3	The new location is elegant and pleasing to look at, but I found the menu to be rather pedestrian, and the execution to be equally uninspiring. Don't get me wrong, the food goes down fine, whether it be your Walnut Crusted Camambert or Calamari Flowers appetizers, or your Papardelle or Lamb!The issue is more around finer details. A request for rare meat came out as medium. The pasta was too saucy and under spiced with chicken that could have used better marination.Wine selection was also drab, though we did manage to find a fairly good Pinot from Rodney Strong Estates in California. We asked for a decanter and received "nicer" glasses as well. I found that odd, as if unless you ask, you don't get the quality glassware! Note on the wine: it definitely opens up nicely.The service was average yet friendly. We were at one point told that we may need to vacate our table prior to the second seating, and I found that to be unnecessary. Otherwise, good enough.Given it's Waterloo, I'd say I'd likely try this place again in the future to see if my first impressions were accurate or misguided. Try for yourself as well.
4	It pains me to give King Street Trio's Uptown location 4 stars instead of 5.  It really does.  I've been to the two previous incarnations of this restaurant (when it was Downtown in Kitchener and when it was on University in Waterloo) and although I was excited to come for dinner with my wife to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary, I have to say in the end I was a bit disappointed... because the details matter.We were the first customers in the restaurant for the evening for dinner.  We had made our reservations on OpenTable and we made a change from Saturday to Friday night due to a change in my family's plans.  The change was easily made on my iPhone app and we had no issues with the reservations.The restaurant, however, was quite cold when we arrived (although it did get warmer as the evening went on and there were more customers), and the window seat the the coldest of all.  We really liked the idea of a window seat so that we could look across at the skating in the public square, but in the end, the seats closest to the window were just too cold.  After that, it took some time to get service.  Our server seemed distracted, even though for the nearly the first half hour we were there, the restaurant was completely empty of customers besides ourselves.The food was great.  For starers, we ordered the Seared Sea Scallops to share and my wife had a salad while I had the chicken chowder.  All the appetizers came at once.  For our mains, my wife ordered the Chicken Alfredo and I ordered the Earth and Ocean.  I got my dish, and my wife had the wrong order.  No apology was given, just a "that doesn't look like the Alfredo" and it was scurried away.  After waiting for a few awkward minutes, I eventually started my meal first (my wife insisted, since it was cold in the restaurant and she didn't want my food to get cold).  I was mostly done my entree by the time the Alfredo appeared.  Again, no apology for the mix-up, and the server was off again.  We did split a Chocolate Mousse Cake for dessert, and it was delicious.However, I take this time to note that I was more impressed at the dishes I received at the King Crab Oyster Bar and Grill (sister restaurant to King Street Trio).  To be fair, if I was to give King Crab 5 stars, then King Street Trio would only get four stars.  I thought that the food, although it was great, it did not taste as good as the food at the sister restaurant.  Again, the small details make the difference.The restaurant is beautiful, a century-old building that has been spectacularly renovated.  And it is a shame because I think it could be a 5-star place, if there was only a bit more attention to the details.
4	Ack!  Watch the Uptown Parkade nearby.  Parking is convenient to the restaurant but you MUST PAY.   Perhaps this is known to locals but it wasn't at all clear to me (no gate, no booth, no signage I could find) and they DO write tickets.  Anyway, regarding the restaurant, I went there with a group of 9 and we were well treated.  Loved the seafood-heavy menu.  I had a pickerel dish because I had no idea what it was; if you don't know your pickerel I would skip it - not the restaurant's fault, I am just not a foodie.  Service was attentive.  Great location at the town square area.  Nice job folks.
4	Food was great! Shared the phyllo wrapped brie, which tasted exactly as good as cheese and bread sounds. As a vegetarian, the mushroom risotto was delicious and my boyfriend loved his stealhead trout. 4 stars because, while our waitress was friendly, she was a bit pushy (even while apologizing for seeming pushy..). Ended up getting two desserts at her insistence (after turning down the idea of two appetizers), but found one was more than enough to share. We got the white chocolate torte and chocolate mousse cake - both yummy, but we struggled a little to get through them. Had to tell her we didn't want coffee after the dessert.. Overall, great place, nice atmosphere and I'd go back if there was another meatless entree.
5	I'm glad this restaurant was brought to my attention. I hadn't noticed it tucked in right beside the train tracks in Uptown Waterloo.We had a fairly large group (11) on a Wednesday night. We had reservations for 15 but had a few no shows. The staff were very accommodating and didn't pressure us to order since we were waiting a little longer in case the others showed up.I must say there were not many vegetarian options on the dinner menu, which I expected, given it's a steakhouse. Thankfully, their one vegetarian entree was Red Beet Risotto, served with wilted baby spinach and manchego cheese. I was fairly keen on trying this and I wasn't disappointed. Everything in the dish went so well together.One funny remark was that since it was snowy outside, immediately when we walled in the door, the manager came up to us and politely told us to try *really hard" to dry our feet on the mat. He was very concerned about people slipping on wet floors. He did this with every other guest who came in as well.The same man also reassured us when it seemed as if a tiny earthquake was happening, "don't worry it's only the train."Overall I was very happy with this restaurant and would gladly come here again with my carnivorous friends.
1	First, off, I went on a Sunday night and the place was completely deserted. Besides my table of 5, there were 2 other tables of 2. This is never a good sign, plus it created a really depressing atmosphere. For the second half of our meal, I could see the chefs chatting the whole time, because they had nothing else to cook. We all had steaks, and they were average: not really worth the high price tag. I ordered mine medium rare, and it can out medium-well, and lukewarm. At this price point, the wine selection was really lacking as well - they only had around 4 wines suitable to eat with red meat. The food would have been reasonable at around half the price, but the atmosphere alone ensures that I will not be returning.
4	We spent a night (good Friday in Waterloo) and had no idea where to eat. Found this restaurant on Yelp and gave it a try.It was fairly quiet (maybe half full) but still noisy which would lead me to believe it would be very noisy if full. A consequence of the decor I would guess.I had a nice steak and Jo the pickeral and both were very good. The waitress (Alex) was very attentive.Overall it didn't blow us away but was a very nice meal.
4	After reading the reviews and complaints about noise levels, we thought about not coming out to the Trio but it is within walking distance for us so we asked for a late reservation.  We were very pleased with the service.  The ambiance is beautiful.  Can't believe this place used to be the independent card shop.  We highly recommend the trout w/spinach and potatoes.  And no ... it was not that noisy ... on Saturday evening after 7 pm.
3	Came here with a group of 4 on a Tuesday night. We saw a Groupon for $100 worth of food for only $50, so we decided to try this place out.The service was wonderful and our waitress was always very attentive. The ambience is definitely upscale, with most people slightly dressed up for a night out but others simply coming from a day at work. Main course:I ordered the stuffed steelhead trout while two others in my party ordered a special for the new york striploin. The trout was great, but I'm not sure the quality would justify the menu price. My friends noted that half the striploin was amazing, while the other half was a little cold - we suspected that they split a mediocre striploin between the two plates as well as a well prepared one. The mashed potatoes seemed to be over-seasoned and reminded me a little of instant noodle mix. Overall the food was good, but definitely not enough to justify their high menu prices.Dessert:Our group ended up ordering the pumpkin spice latte creme brulee as well as the bourbon pecan pie. Although the waitress had highly recommended the pecan pie, it was a little hard and not as sweet as I had expected (overfilled with too many pecans). The creme brulee also turned out mediocre. It seemed the desserts were prepared a long time ago (perhaps over a day) and were not adequately warmed up. Overall:Since we had a Groupon the meal was worth the value, but I definitely think the food is overpriced for its quality.
