3	While I make no hesitation to criticize some other campus skeezeries on State Street and University Avenue, I am hesitant to do so with the Stadium, because what you see is what you get at the Stadium Bar.  It is your typical sports bar that can be found in towns small and cities large.  There are big screens a plenty, bar food galore, and volleyball in the summer. Game days is when this place truly shines, it's packed with a crowd of many ages and often rooting for opposing teams -- but everyone can agree that they really do need that Leines in a can or to throw up in the porta potty before they do a shot from that grandpa who loves Penn State.If you're a 45 year old alumni and drunk at 6 am on game day -- The Stadium was BUILT for you. Enjoy!
5	Fantastic atmosphere before Badger games, but other than the 6 times per year for Football, I would not be able to justify coming here. For football, there is a massive outside beer garden, music and general madness. The location is across from the stadium, and the clientele tends to be a little bit more younger alumni, although it is a mix of everything.
2	Quick review: decent lunch bar; fast service, OK"bar food," tons of seating but a little pricey.  Mediocre fish fry.Detailed review:Joined a few coworkers for lunch at the Stadium Bar today.  I hadn't been to the Stadium in probably 15 years or more; it's changed a bit since the last time I visited.We quickly found a seat (it's seat yourself service) and a waitress arrived promptly to take our drink orders and to provide us with menus.  We ordered Lake Perch (Friday special), a Badger Burger, and the Chili.  Food was preceded by soup orders - I tried the garden vegetable soup, which was ok but quite bland.  Others tried the clam chowder, which tasted overly fishy.  Soup wasn't super hot, but that's usually fine by me.The Lake Perch arrived lukewarm at best - tasted like it had been fried ahead of time and then left to sit in a warmer.  The flavor of it was mediocre - rather bland, just like the soup.  Breading was nicely done, but soggy.  :-(  Fries were hot, crispy, and good.I'm not a slaw or tartar fan, but both received poor reviews from others at the table.  The Badger Burger was good - loaded with toppings and sauces; the bun couldn't keep up with the burger so it was difficult to eat, but tasty.  I can't decide if the Stadium is a WIN or a FAIL... burger and fries were good, service was good, atmosphere was good; fish was a fail...Service = 3.75 starsFood = 2 stars (fish could've been done much better)Value = 2 stars ($15 for 4 pieces of perch, cup of soup, and Diet Coke)Atmosphere = 3 starsSummary: I'd like to come here for a drink and to watch a game; maybe nosh on a burger or some fries... but I'd skip the fish next time.
4	This place has really stepped their game up in the past few years. Great bar that has music videos on roll. Great addition.
4	Perfect for Packer or Badger games.
4	Nice drink selection, food is ok
2	meh. it's a college sports bar, if that's your bag. it's loud and full of UW shitstains in gym shorts. we came here for pub trivia and will most likely never come back (unless it's during break).i ordered a black and blue burger. the burger tasted like someone dumped Cajun seasoning in it, and the "blue" was half a bottle of blue cheese dressing. not the most spectacular culinary offering, but about what I'd expected. I did like that the burger came on a whole wheat bun, though.the service was good, which was the sole saving grace. they have a halfway decent beer selection, but the pitchers are those shitty plastic half pitchers, so it's not exactly a good deal to spring for one. basically, don't come here if you want good food or are annoyed by anyone under the age of 25.
1	Yesterday evening, I came here for dinner and drinks with friends. I enjoyed everything until later last night when I started to feel very sick. All night I had nausea and vomiting due to their tainted food, and their quesadilla was the only thing I ate last night so I know that that had to be the cause. Thanks to their food preparation, I've been feeling miserably sick for almost the past 24 hours. I would not recommend eating here unless whoever prepared my food gets fired and replaced with someone competent and sanitary.
2	Expensive for what you get, which I suppose is typical given its proximity to Camp Randall.  I go there during high school championship games, so I don't get the DB college crowd that comes there- more like the wide eyed hicksvilians from the Great White North whose local heroes are completing their football Hoosiers moment.  But they're generally friendly and fun, and add to the atmosphere rather than take away from it.     Bathrooms generally clean, which add a star, but the prices and the indifference of the staff toward a once a year out of town crowd makes it a 2 star experience.  You can do better close by.
4	stopped in here before and after a bball game. very cool that offer a free bus to/from the game. the atmosphere was great and i think every person in the place was wearing red! the food was very good - i went with a tuna melt and potatoe chips. afterwards we went with the nach platter. there were 4 of us and it took a big effort to finish it off. beware of the jalepenos - i started tearing up at one point and normally i handle spicy food okay. prices werent too bad. the place did die pretty quickly after the game which was unfortunate.
3	The service can be dire here, but the pizza's pretty good, and they have Moon Man on tap. This place wins my affection because they have NHL Network on their satellite package and don't have a problem showing the games - this is a definite rarity for Madison. Lots and lots of screens, too.
5	Service is always top notch. Food is excellent for a bar. Try the ranch chicken wrap. One of my go- to places for lunch food and to watch sports.
