2	yuck.  i think Topper's is pretty gross.  Def the cheapest (quality wise) pizza in town.  They do have a varied menu and are open very late, but i wouldn't eat most of the things on the menu.  I guess the food appeals more to drunk college kids than to me, but if you're ordering food at 3 am, it's likely that the quality you are expecting is below par.  If you go for a cheese pizza you should be ok, but you'd be just as well off with a frozen pie from the grocery.
1	Toppers UNCC sucks balls. Their service is horrible and the food is downright gross. You're better off going with tried and true dominoes. Plus toppers displays annoying after annoying ad on UNCC's campus to attract new customers. I guess they need all those ads because once you eat from there, you understand why you never want to eat there again.If you want real pizza, head over to NoDa's Mellow Mushroom where service is excellent and the food is amazing.
2	The other reviews I have read about this place pretty much hit the nail on the head.....the quality is super cheap yet they charge outrageous prices for their food.  This is another place we have ordered up from more than once because its close to our house and I will say their delivery is fast.  But, everytime the food arrives, we are ALWAYS disappointed with some aspect of it and the price is just too much.  We ordered a large specialty pizza and a dozen boneless wings and it was $33!!!  With that kind of money I could have purchased three large pizzas at a place like Domino's and gotten better quality.  Plus, they didn't tell us the total over the phone so it was just a bombshell when it arrived.  The taco pizza is gross, the grinders are too small, and the "Topperstix" aren't great either.  I do, however, like the boneless wings and we've had the macaroni and cheese pizza......I hate to say it, but it's damn tasty.  All in all, pretty weak food.  They get a star for fast delivery and another for the mac and cheese, but that's about it.
3	We were up late and were craving some food.  We did not want to have the run of the mill Dominos or other national chain.  We looked on Yelp and found this place.  We called and told them to put whatever toppings they thought would taste good.  They put on pepporoni on one and sausage on the other.The pizza came quickly and was also really good (for delivery) and was much better than any chain pizza.  Also, the price was really good for 2 pizza (like $16), and the pizzas were bigger than I was used to.  We had leftovers for lunch (nothing quite like leftover pizza - unless it's leftover chinese food).I would order from here again and recommend it to others.
3	Lots of negative reviews here, and from what I'm gathering, a lot of it has to do with the location in the UNCC neighborhood. Well, I live by the one on South Blvd, and I have to say that Toppers is the best chain pizza around, at least TASTE wise. Being from Chicago, I am used to very flavorful pizza. I'm not hung up on the "has to be like NYC pizza" either, because I love all good pizza. But what makes Toppers a good pizza is the quality of their ingredients and the overall taste. Their sausage is VERY good, and their sweet marinara and cheese is also VERY good. This is the good part....Now the bad. This is also the MOST expensive pizza in Charlotte! Their coupons mostly consist of free bread sticks and soda. I can give a flying $^!*#$@ about these things when I'm ordering PIZZA! Because my wife and I don't like the same things on our pizzas, we order 2 MEDIUM size pies each with about 3 or 4 toppings. With tax, delivery and tip, this typically runs about $43.00!!! For TWO medium pizzas. Yup, that's right.Now compare that with Domino's, Papa John's, etc. Doing the math, I figure it's about 40% MORE in cost than Toppers. Is Toppers better than the others, Yes! Is it WORTH that much more.....well, that depends on your point of view and if you can afford $40+ pizzas. SOMETIMES I think it's worth it, sometimes I do NOT.I actually complained about the price, and the South Blvd Store Manager gave me a coupon for a free Med Pizza with whatever toppings I wanted. That was nice, but the one pizza I paid for still cost me $23.00! For a MEDIUM with 3 toppings! THAT is pretty steep.So if anyone from Toppers Management is reading what folks have to say, they really need to re-think their pricing and sales strategies. They have a good product, but their pricing is just too high for this market.
4	Fast delivery. Great thin crust pizza - were willing to do a half and half pizza. Nothing beats a greasy pizza after an evening of drinks.
5	I love Toppers! I'm use to the 1 in university but I've ordered from this 1 twice now and it's just as good! The pizza is different yet good. Build your own or get one of the many "house" pizzas. Can't go wrong.
4	Hello Friends, I'm not a fan of fast food pizza "Chain Pizza". However, I tried this place out. Based off reviews from fellow Yelpers. Even tho a lot of negative reviews for this location is based/for the other location (university city). I placed an order for a special they had going on. Large 2 Topping and Cheese Sticks = about 21.00. + 1.00 " Feed the Children" donation (hey, i'm a humanitarian)It was pretty good.. and STILL HOT once I got home. I have NO regrets, and would order from here again. Open til 3am... everyday!!!
3	Ordered delivery my first night in town.Loved the cheese sticks with the Garlic Butter dip. The pizza was A-OK. In flavor, the crust reminded me of the national pizza chain with the red white and blue logo. More toppings that that chain. I woudl pick Toppers over that other chain.
4	Hands down one of the best delivery pizza places in CLT!They are opened till 3am every night! So all of the late night peeps can much on some awesome grindage. I have ordered delivery every single time & picked up a pizza there, only once when they had a pick up special (which they do quite often). The thin crust well done pizza (any kind) is always the best. While the topperstix are always chewy n gooey. The wings are pretty good too. Not breaded & full of juicy flavor.If you are in one of the areas that Toppers delivers pick them over Pizza Hut, Papa Johns or Dominos. You will not be disappointed:)I am no longer in an area that has a Toppers and it is just a crying shameBoo Hoo
3	Just not that good. :( But I guess it's a chain, so that'll do. Not sure how it compares to other CLT pizza places but I think next time I'll pass.
4	Family travel in Charlotte. Topper's pizza and Topperstix were very good.  Fresh toppings, good sauce and great thin crust. Crisp but not over cooked.  Delivery was timely for made to order, fresh pizza.
5	Fantastic pizza and super fast delivery.  Get the three little pigs you won't be sorry.
5	Love this pizza! Love the chicken bacon ranch pizza.  Folks are great and the owner is awesome.
1	After working here i would never eat here, better hope they don't drop a wing on the floor and send it through one more time...
4	Favorite delivery pizza in town.  Great selection of pies!  Delicious.  Only place we order from now.
