4	I am a member of the Central Arizona DX Association (CADXA) and we have been renting space to have our monthly meetings here for at least 15 years.  The PERA club has provided quality accommodations for a reasonable price.
4	I belong to an organization that uses the PERA club for our monthly meetings.  I have been going there for over a year now and it is a great place to hold meetings.When we arrive, the room is setup for us and the PERA club provides a small note pad, a pen and ice water with cups for all attendees.  When our meetings are over, they clean up the room for us.Last year, we reviewed our budget and looked around for meeting rooms that could be cheaper but still provide the great service we were used to and we couldn't find anyone who could match the PERA club.  They are a good value for service they provide.However, we did used to hold a big banquet in their room in the main building on the second floor and it was very poor lighting.  We have since moved our annual banquet to another venue.
5	I had my wedding here. They were great we had correspondence throughout the entire planning phase. However they don't offer many services for weddings. We had to find our own DJ, Photographer, Officiant, ect. However they cater there so we had limited choices on what we can choose from. There is no way to taste test the food prior to your selection either. Same for the Cake they make them there but they only offer whipped cream frosting and fresh flowers to put on top, bring your own topper and ribbon to put around the cake as well. I had my wedding upstairs where the lighting is not to good either. But I have to say my friends and family loved the place, they are still telling me on how that was the best and most fun wedding they have ever been to. So for the price this place is the best! But be prepared to do quite a bit of the work yourself, its not an all inclusive package like you can get at some other places around the valley. But to do it all over again I would still pick this place.
4	I hadn't been here in about 10 years until this week when I came for a luncheon / professional training and clearly while I've been gone they've greatly improved this place. For those who don't know, this is a private club for SRP employees that is kind of like a country club, but without a golf course. The main clubhouse has a number of meeting rooms and ballrooms. Our meeting was held in the new pavilion which is a large room that could host a very large party. There's also a workout facility that appears to have been redone since I was last here and very large pool which has also been renovated in the last decade. Like most clubs, the facilities are also available for rent to community groups, parties, wedding, etc and this would be a great place to do that. But what I really love is that SRP still makes this available to its employees and hosts a tremendous annual picnic/bbq for them as well. It reminds me of something that companies used to do in the Mad Men days and hopefully is something that companies might start doing again someday. For now though, enjoy the PERA Club if you get a chance.
