1	This location is  different from other Cleanfreak location.It cost you same as other location but you won't get "Clean" car wash.Very shot car wash line.No pressure air hose to dry.Avoid this location.
4	For a quick car wash, I really like this place.  Here's why:+ They still use the scrubbing cloths that spin and actually get stuff off your car.  Most quick car washes nowadays only use the water pressure nozzles, which doesn't clean up the dirt and grime real well.+ They give you a prewash spray before you enter the car wash.+ It's only $5-$10 (depends on wash selection) and then they give you a 50% OFF coupon for your next wash.  So next wash is $2.50 to $5....pretty cool.+ It's right off the 101 and Via De Ventura.  Very convenient when driving to/from work.  I can also air dry any leftover drops on the freeway...ha!Return Factor - 90%
4	I love these guys!  Always so friendly and helpful.  They have a 'wheel wash' that you can do beforehand as well as vacuums.  I do think the driers are better at the other location which is why I didn't give 5 stars.  Still, amazing value for what you get....especially if you buy their half off gift cards at Christmas time.  The perfect stocking stuffer!  Fast, friendly, reasonably priced, convenient....you just lost your excuse to have a dirty car.
4	The only car wash I will go to.  Extremely friendly service every time. They are fast,  efficient,  and cheap.You can't go wrong here with a $3 car wash.
4	I go with the basic wash for $6.  Gets my car pretty clean.  The vacuums do a great job sucking up the dirt on the floor mats.  I'm in and out in less than five minutes with a clean car!
4	This location seems to be one of the least nice locations in the clean freak family.  That being said, there is one right up the street, but I love the convenience and quickness of this location.  I stop by here quite often on the way home from work and for more than a year I've been very happy.I did recently however have an issue with damage to my car.  While the damage was definitely iffy, their manager Vince was great to work with.  He was extremely polite and easy to work with, and even drove all the way out to my work office so I wouldn't have to return to the location for an inspection.  In the end, I definitely appreciated their customer service and flexibility to work with me on my issue, and I will definitely recommend you try any one of their locations (Especially if you purchase a fast pass!)
5	I signed up for a monthly service a couple months after they opened their doors.  I had a couple issues which caused me to cancel - They (the customer service manager and also the location owner) both reached out to me and listened to my issues and did everything they could to resolve them.This is a service business and while I thought I was getting bad service at one point, they went above and beyond by asking for my input and going the extra mile to hear me.  I am going to give them another chance simply based on their ability to listen and willingness to solve my issue.You should try them out sign up for monthly service - it's worth it based strictly on how much they care about their customers.
5	Always do an awesome job. I typically get the $3 wash but I get the hand wax every couple months. They work fast and do a great job, I don't go anywhere else now.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  CleanFreak doesn't deserve one star.  My friend, Melissa, had the front of her car completely bashed in by the equipment at CleanFreak.  They offered to pay a small portion of the damages to the car.  Again refused any insurance information.  She is now out of pocket and having her insurance rates raised.  Ridiculous!  DO NOT go to CleanFreak.  Terrible business practices and atrocious customer service.  So sad that don't realize that word-of-mouth reviews can kill your business.
