5	Love the Macaroni here. They have spicy jerk which is good. I love the Peach Cobbler. I take it home and eat it with ice cream.
2	My girlfriend and I tried this place the other night and we were not impressed. I really want to like this place because I want some good BBQ so we might go back and try again. Service was ok, but very slow. We got brisket sandwiches with fries. The brisket wasn't very tender. Will go back to try the ribs and mac n cheese and hopefully find it to be a little better.
5	Waiting to pick up my dinner order, and am super excited as always. My husband loves the brisket dinner, and you can't go wrong with their pulled pork dinner and side of Mac & Cheese. The staff is always very nice, and I love that we can support a small family owned, local business. Great food, awesome prices and stellar service, we're regulars!
2	I really hope to see these guys make it.. I went by one day too early and one of the guys came out to say hello and let me know when they would open that day. We finally made it down there last night to give them a try... kinda weird to walk into a BBQ place and not smell the BBQ! There were a few families in there, everyone was waiting for food. We gave our order to the 12 or 13 year old behind the counter and she placed it to her side and we sat down to watch her spend the next 10 minutes continuing to take orders... (Our slip was still on the counter..) Finally the entire stack of slips was sent to the back, we joked with the table next to us that we were probably on the bottom... After quite a wait the last family that walked in got their order and left... then the couple that came in behind us got their order as we sat and waited... by now we had gotten to know them a little and they were from Kansas City...  In their words the BBQ was ok... he felt that the meat should pull from the bone, which it defiantly did not do. They completed their meal and offered us some untouched ribs while we were STILL waiting for our food! We declined and finally the food comes out. Hubby takes the cornbread and immediately pushes it to the side of the table.. he refused to try it even, "Its cake, not bread!" The ribs were ok... we pretty much thought the same, that it should pull from the bone more. The coleslaw was nothing spectacular and the rice/beans were pretty much left untouched. Not a place that we would go out of our way to go to by any means... :o(
3	Stopped in as we live a few minutes away, and have always wanted to try it.   I ordered the beef brisket, my girl ordered the ribs. Beef brisket was to die for, I wish I had two orders! Sauce is a little tangy, I like it like that. Ribs looked very appetizing but my date wasn't impressed. She is used to my ribs, so this place had the deck stacked against it as my ribs are the business.  But I also don't cook for the public and takes all day to perfect. I tasted the ribs and they had the same sauce the brisket had, but the meat did not slide off the bone like it should. Yum love their sauce though. Corn bread is very tasty!   I also had a side of Cole slaw, very tasty and it had hunks of mandarins mixed it, nice touch! I'm sold on the brisket, I'll get that everyday of the week if my ass wouldn't swell.   Ribs need some work.
3	Waited an awfully long time for our food which had great flavor but it was lukewarm. Awesome cornbread though.
4	Fantastic! I got the pulled pork with sides of cole slaw, mac & cheese and cornbread. The pork was amazing, and the portion was huge! (I gave about 1/3 to my husband and still felt like I had a nice portion.) The sauce was just right - not too sweet, not too strong. The mac & cheese was excellent and not dry like many restaurants'. I would have liked a bit more, and would have sacrificed a little bit of pork for it (albeit reluctantly - the pork was so good!). The cole slaw was just ok, but as a side for pulled pork it served its purpose and didn't detract from the meal. The cornbread was perfectly moist without being heavy.I also ordered one piece of catfish as a test. I love catfish, but am VERY picky. This was great, and very clean-tasting with a nice, light breading.My husband ordered the pepper jack burger and french fries. He liked the fries, and felt the burger was ok. He's definitely planning to order the pulled pork next time. ;)The staff was all fabulous - really friendly and attentive. The food took a bit long to arrive, but it was definitely worth the wait and I'm ok with it, given the casual feel of the place.There's only one reason I gave four stars instead of five: they use a lot of styrofoam. I know that's picky, but styrofoam is SO bad for the environment, and it feels a  wasteful to use it for eat-in service. Something as simple as using a more environmentally friendly box, plus a recycling option for disposal, would have made this 5/5 for me!
2	I waited FOR 35 MINUTES tonight just for 2 brisket meals to go. They weren't even hot when I arrived home and I live less than 1 minute away. It was still a fine meal, saved by the amazing cornbread!! But, I have no intention of going back any time soon.
5	Love this place. Awesome pulled pork, catfish, mac n cheese and hushpuppies. They also do greens the first Sat of the month. Its a small place for dine in or take out.
3	The food was okay almost tasted like leftovers. I had read the reviews on this place and expected delicious BBQ, however much to my dismay the brisket was dry. The Mac and cheese was okay but nothing spectacular, and the fries we received were warm like they had been sitting out. The food was good but I wouldn't go out of my way to try it again
4	Food was great!!! Guys there very cool. Owner came up and gave my son a Kool Aid jammer and some candy. Great ribs and Mac & Cheese. Will definitely be coming back!
5	Really good food..will def come through next time I'm back in AZHad the catfish , mac n cheese and beans . Cornbread was off the hook. It's hard to find some good food that reminds me of the east coast .
4	We just finished a good meal. The place was staffed by two brothers who were very friendly. I had the pulled pork plate with coleslaw and potato salad and hubby had ribs with collard greens and chili beans. We both opted for cornbread.I enjoyed the pulled pork. The sauce was spicy sweet and the coleslaw was a good compliment. Hubby enjoyed his ribs, which were prepared southern style. The cornbread was delicious.Before we went in I read the previous reviews. I asked the owner if they had been closed and they had been for a week for a trip so ignore the erroneous post from the end of August. The ribs are southern style which means they are not fall off the bone style ribs. Traditional southern style ribs have a slight pull from the bone as these do. Southern style cornbread is served in a square like a piece of cake unlike corn cakes which are in pancake form. It's confusing but it is tradition.We lived in the south for 20 years and have had Carolina, Memphis and Kansas City barbecue along with several other styles along the way. This barbecue is southern and the sides are soul food style. We will definitely be back.
5	Fresh & delish. 1st time visiting this BBQ place, and was on the lookout for a non-chain spot. This family-owned spot hit it. I placed a phone pick-up order for a tilapia dinner (mac 'n cheese & fries). 10-15 minutes lster, picked up a nice, fresh and hot dinner. It was still piping hot when I arrived home.Also ordered a slice a peach cobbler. Delish.Will return.
5	Pulled pork sandwich & fries were amazing! Prices were great, comfortable environment and surprised on how much food I got for the price
5	Never been here before, so we gave this place a try because it was a walking distant from home. Walked into here and it's a cute little restaurant. It wasn't busy at all, thank goodness! There menu is very simple & easy to read. Decided I might as well try there wings. So got an order of 12 wings. Flavors were Asian zing & lemon pepper. Total came out to $10 something. The man who took our order was nice & welcoming. Gave my son a treat, cool points for you. Anyways when we got home. I decided to eat my wings with rice. My favorite was lemon pepper. OMGAD YUMMMMMMY! Asian zing wasn't bad at all, different style of taste compare to bww. I definitely will go back to try the other food out. Overall, good experience!
1	Awful. Microwaved. Throwing in the trash. The cornbread was not fresh, it was cold and hard. We got a hot link that was probably microwaved as well since it looked all shriveled up.  With Dillons and Rudys close by, why settle for such substandard food?
