5	Had "mixed messages" on contacting this  computer repair service.  I didn't know anyplace else to go so I took a chance and brought my computer to their location (inside the Best Buy Electronics store).  I admit, I was very hesitant, being a senior citizen, woman and had no "first hand" recommendation on this repair service.  I was treated with respect and dignity from the minute I entered the service area by a great young man by the name of Kasey.  He couldn't have been more thoughtful, pleasant and knowledgeable.  It appeared that I had some issues that corrupted the entire operating system and could not access anything.  They told me I could have all the information and files recovered for a fee, prior to examining the issues with the hard drive.  I was so happy to hear that news as I had literally hundred of thousands of embroidery files!  What a great relief to hear the news they were fairly certain they could be recovered.As I was expecting the delivery of my computer back on a certain day, I called Kasey to see if it was ready for pickup. Now, here's the amazing part of this phone call:   Kasey apologized emphatically, advising me that "someone dropped the ball" while downloading my files to the disk.  Needless to say, I was very saddened to hear this.  However, he immediately told me that they removed my hard drive and will ship it to a data recovery company in Kentucky, at no additional expense to me!  He put in a new hard drive in my desktop computer and got it operational by reinstalling Windows 8.1 and all I had to do was reinstall all of my programs.  He said that that are very, very certain that the data recovery service will most definitely get all my files back on a backup external drive within about two weeks!  No additional costs to me.First of all, when was the last time you ever had a service person tell you "...we dropped the ball on this repair."?  How amazing is that for any service provider!  I'm almost 70 years old and I had NEVER heard this happen.  They usually try to blame the customer, something you did or didn't do and charge you additional costs!  Not the case with The Geek Squad!Now, as well as being one of the most honest and truthful service providers,.it gets better....The Manager (John) called me to say they are allowed to select one customer a year to do something nice for...and they picked me for being so understanding of a mistake they made.  He said he was refunding a portion of my costs and appreciated my response to a mistake they made. NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL CARING ABOUT THE TRUTH AND BEING FAIR TO THE CUSTOMER!  I will never use anyone else but The Geek Squad.  I wish there were 10 stars I could rate them with.
5	I bought a HP laptop and printer about 4 months ago. I started having problems with the laptop since you could not download any programs and the internet was always going down. In addition it wouldn't recognize the HP wireless printer. I called HP and after spending over an hour with two people in India they were at a loss of what the problem was. In the end the HP people said if I gave them my credit card they would fix my computer for $70! I went to geek squad in Henderson and the tech guy showed me in 10 minutes how to fix the PC. They said there was no charge. This is a great outfit.
1	These guys are joke. Went in to get my iMac checked. One guy was clueless as to what he was talking about. Then this other guy show up to drop an outrageous quote. Last but not least, they gave me attitudes the whole time. F*%# this place.   NOT recommended.   Unless if you want to be treated horribly and be ripped off.
