1	Upon entry  we were not greeted promptly for dining. We were shown tables for 6, when there was only two of us.  Then they found us a table for 2.  Very 80's decor.                             This begins our strange dining experience.                                                                        As we sat down we were  asked if we would like some drinks . We asked if they had a winemenu.  They had to actually go and get one which seemed weird as well.  The food menu had only 3 entrees on it. Nothing was described with the specials or anything else on the menu.  As we waited quite a while for the wine a 4th service person camewith 2 glasses of wine and insisted on pouring into our empty glasses that were already on the table.... weird .... he kept saying they were Riddle glasses , the best in the world. I think he meant Riedel Glasses .   He poured the wine from one glass to another at the table.(what no carafe?)  Wine is very over priced.                                                                      We waited over 20 minutes for the meal ( no bread ever offered)  Ordered a baked potato with butter & sour cream the server said no problem but, came back later to say that they have none. Plates were served  cold though the food was hot. We wereasked by 5 different people about our meal (we think they worked there?) Very uncomfortable dining experience. They told us their soft opening was last week.All I say is if you not ready to open why bother.....music was good though it kept our minds off this strange excuse for a new restaurant. Lots of parking, good location, but i can't recommend this place yet.  PS.  Paid with cash but no one knew what happened with our change, we finally got itbut... yes..the place is still weird to me.
1	I didn't know what to expect but had hoped that with a name like "garlic & shots" that maybe it was going to be fun and creative.  The $5.00 off coupon stuck under the windshield wiper window was the deciding factor.Hostess was overly enthusiastic about seating us. Chairs look like banquet chairs that had a cover over them.  Nicely done.There's a lit, glass display case in the dining area that contains spent bottles of wine and champagne.  I would suggest they dispose of those bottles and find some theme for tchotchkes and/or floral arrangements to display in the case to add a little more ambiance to the room.Printed menu on a 8 1/2" x 11" paper included appetizers, salads (?), and three entrees.  Another piece of paper was handed to us with todays specials -Fish & Chips and a Salmon entree.Wine selection was okay.Ordered a glass and had already begun to drink it when server asks if we would like to try some shots.  Wine with shots, no thank you.No salt or pepper on any of the tables, but we were asked if we wanted it.  How do we know if we haven't had a chance to taste our food?!Was served a bullet of ketchup when requesting some for my fries.Not all servers are knowledgeable about their products on the menus.Our server picked up our coupon but didn't apply it to our bill.  When I inquired about the discount he asked if we told the hostess.  Our transaction needed to be voided and rerun with the discount.Music sounded like Muzak until live musician started performing in the bar.  He played one song and then excused himself for a few so he could find the right balance (I forgot exactly what he said) for the room.  He played a few bars and sang a few phrases of various songs and then I believe he resumed his set.MIGHT give them another chance.
1	Well this will be one of my last reviews for 2011 and i hate to say it is not a good one! We came here one night for dinner, always wanting to check out new places in the neighborhood. So very Horrible and disappointing!                                                The place looked like a poorly decorated 80's place.  No one to greet us when we walked in, then when the guy came,it was as if he just started that night and did not know where he would sit 2 people. There was only one other table in the whole restaurant.   They were apologizing to them several times in the night for mistakes that were made in their orders as well.   7 Different people came to our table to see if everything was all right. That is just not cool at all.  Our food was served on ice cold plates, So even though our food was warm it went cold very quickly.  No one there seemed aware of how to run a restaurant at all.                                                        Maybe they should just stick to the bar business.   I would never go here again and i would not recommend even trying this place.  There are too many good choices out there. Don't waste your time!
4	We stopped in for Sunday lunch, not knowing what to expect -- this isn't one of the European vampire bars you might browse to by mistake, but it's not the old John Henry's that had been at this location for close to 20-years either.  Nice, open areas and pleasant decor.  We ate in the bar -  bright with multiple sports TVs.  Several craft beers are on tap - I tried a very rich Bison Chocolate stout.  They offer a large wine list with AZ Stronghold and Justin Isosceles among other out-of-the-ordinary varieties, by the bottle.We both had their homemade Bloody Marys and hamburger sliders with garlic fries.  Neat muffin tin baked rolls (I suggested they drop an onion ring around the inverted muffin bottom.)  I asked for medium rare, and the three little burgers were cooked right on the money.  The garlic fries were fluffy in the middle and crisp outside - my preference at least, with just enough salt and garlic that they were fine as served.  A bowl of au jus and some ketchup complete the plate.One thing to keep in mind (and a good thing in my book) - the Bloody Marys are flaming hot.  Besides garlic, cumin (I think) and other spices, the home made mix  seems to have an amble helping of what I'm guessing is Dave's Insanity Sauce (my wife disagrees) or another pepper item - easily habanero in flavor, but not ghost pepper in heat.  The sliders and fires damped the flames perfectly, but bloodies round-two flared it right back up again.Bottom line - the lunch menu today was only appetizers but bound to expand.  Beer, wine, and 101-Shakers menus offer a wide selection.  What we had was just right.  We're looking forward to coming back when the few rough edges are polished off.  They said the "official" grand opening will be 28-Jan 2012.
1	G&S is not ready for consumption. The menu is meager and the decor empty feeling (tables and chairs are of the church wedding reception kind ). Try again in a few months to see if they pull it together.
4	My husband and I live in the neighborhood and I had reviewed the restaurant that had previously been here, so when Garlic and Shots had their grand opening, we had to go. I was prepared for the '80s decor, its not just the decor, it is the whole layout of the building. But, I was pleasantly surprised. The brass handrails are down and the mauve paint is gone. The new owners have changed the decor and put up a fresh coat of paint, gotten rid of the heavy brass and hung some pretty edgy art. We came in and the bar was jumping, which was rather thrilling, given I am out in the middle of the 'burbs. There was a wine tasting going on and we joined in and then jumped to our dinner table. The dining area is a little sparse but the table are nicely laid out and I didn't feel like I was eating in anyone's lap. The dinner  was great. We started with the mussels appetizer and I absolutely loved it. The garlic and onions over a white wine broth with a heaping amount of mussels was perfect. The servers are still getting their legs, so to speak, and there is probably a bit too much, How is everything, but I liked my water glass being filled constantly. Our entrees were the salmon salad and the menu isn't big but for someone who doesn't eat meat, like myself and an exclusive meat eater, like my husband, we both were happy with the menu. The dining room, doesn't say fine dining and at $12.00 a plate, I didn't expect it either. That is not to say that the meal wasn't good, it was great. The salmon salad was a warm smoked filet with a great vinaigrette and I loved it. There is a weird issue with the wine list, they  have a limited selection but with the wine tasting going on, we just went with those choices. Overall, I enjoyed myself, had a fun time with some of my neighbors and I will be back!
1	I have to agree with the ratings already posted here. We just completed a very interesting dining experience and one that I hope not to repeat any time soon. First of all there was no greeting upon entry. It hard to identify where we should position ourselves to be seated since the host's podium blended into the nondescript interior. We were seated promptly but I was struck at the lack of any semblance if design at this establishment. I consider myself to be a minimalist, but decor here is too sparse even for me.  There was nothing relaxing or exciting about it. I knew the experience would be rocky when the paper menu of appetizers was placed before us.  Really?  Paper menus? Way to make a first impression. Then, when the dinner menu was delivered, one page went to my husband and the second page went to me. It took us a few minutes to realize that we each had half!  Why we only got one menu for a party of two is beyond me. My main criticism is that the place lacks a vibe. They are going for a theme, but it's not well demonstrated. Ok, there is a martini shaker on the table but how does that tie into shots? The server explained that the "shakers" they serve are basically mixed drinks.  What???  Your server should be able to adequately explain your concept and inspire guests to order something fun and unique.  The food wasn't bad. I enjoyed the complimentary hummus. The bruschetta was tasty but the bread it was served on was too thick. I had to chuckle when the server asked if he could remove any plates and I told him he could take the center plate and my husband's. He then swooped away my plate while I still had bruschetta in my hand!  Rookie mistake.  We witnessed two couples leave -- one when they were ignored and never got seated and the other after examining the menu. Also a family of three left after being served water. Last,  as we departed no one said a word. No, "Thanks for coming." or "see you next time." Nothing.  My advice?  Hit up The Vine across the parking lot. They say  "hi" and good-bye."
1	Went to check out the new restaurant  2-3-12 and went to the bar sat down and the so called bartender and some guy were playing with the computer and finally after 5 min. decided to wait on us! The bartender had NO clue what she was doing, we asked for a wine list which she could not find. After 5 min. of this she pulled out a piece of paper with the wine list on (really a piece of paper). Asked for a Malbec and she had NO idea were to find the wine! After finally  getting the wine I notice the glasses were all water spotted. (not good) While sitting watching this bartender she had NO clue how to bartend. She could not pour a glass of beer or did she know the difference between a Grey Goose vodka or a Black Label Scotch! What are you thinking management putting someone behind the bar who has no bar experience??? It was sad to see her screw-up everyones drink order. When we decided to leave asked for our tab and she asked how we were going to pay, what does that matter? She told us our bill was $54.00 what for three glasses of $8.00 wine (math a lost art!) It sad this place is chasing all the customers away!Nobody greets you at the door or says thank you when you leave! Also why no pasta dishes on the menu? The name saids Garlic????
1	We bought a Groupon in order to try this new area restaurant.  Should have read the reviews before buying the coupon but live and learn.We were greeted and after figuring out where we wanted to sit, it was at least 10 minutes before someone came over and asked if anyone had talked to us.  When we said no, she said she would have someone come over right away.  A young man appeared and offered us something to drink; we ordered water to start.  It took at least 5 more minutes for the water to come.  At this time, I had noticed that there were two different appetizer menus...one for happy hour and one on the regular menu.  When I asked him about the difference between the two artichoke dips (both had entirely different descriptions including different dippers) he said he didn't know.  I sent him to the kitchen to find out.  Took a few minutes, but he did come back and said that they were the same thing.  We ordered one.  My partner told him we were ready to order dinner and he said he would be right back...needed to go get a pen.We ordered a ceasar salad to share, the chicken breast dinner with garlic mashed and an open face prime rib with roasted potatoes.  With a name like "Garlic & Shots" you would expect to see a menu full of garlic inspired goodies...not so at this place.  After about 20-25 minutes, out came the young man with the salad.  He explained that there was a mix up in the kitchen and the artichoke dip wasn't ready and asked if we still wanted it or should he take it off the bill.  I told him we wanted it.  Literally a minute later out came a woman carrying our two plates of dinner.  When she realized that we had just gotten the salad, she said to the young man..."do you want these now or should I take them back to the kitchen?"  He replied to take them back to the kitchen but I spoke up and said I was concerned that they would be placed under a heat lamp waiting until we were ready.  She said no, that they would give them to someone else and make us fresh plates.  Really?  After a couple of bites of the world's most salty ceasar salad, we decided that we had had enough and decided to end the dining experience at that point.  When we asked for a manager, several minutes later the women who had tried to delivered our dinner plates came up and said she was the manager on duty.  We began to explain our disappointment and at that moment another gentleman showed up to listen to what we were saying.  His response was, "Oh well" and he turned to walk away.  Was he an owner?  We will never know.We won't be back and we are laying wagers that this place won't last long.  One reviewer thought they'd be gone by next Valentines Day...our guess is by the end of summer if not sooner.
2	We had a groupon so decided to try it.  The shot was good and my husband suggested that they would do better by talking to customers about the shots more.  At this point in time they seem like a bunch of rookies who don't know what they are doing.  The food was just ok. Their menu is very limited.  Also, if you are going to have garlic french fries "garlic pomme frittes" on the menu as something you specialize in then you should not use frozen french fries.  Make them from scratch and make them special. In and Out has better fries.  They could be really good, but right now they are just frozen french fries with garlic on them. Meh pretty much sums it up.  If they are still around in a year we may try it again to see if anything has changed, but not any time soon.
4	Went there for drinks and appetizers and had a great time.  Their garlic fries are awesome.  Their drinks are great and the service in the bar was great too!  I'm really surprised by all of the bad reviews.  If you are a local, you really should give them a try! I plan on going back frequently.
1	Garlic & Shots is a disgusting dump that I will never patronize even though I live in the neighborhood. We went on a Saturday afternoon at 3pm for a late lunch since we bought a Groupon for $30 worth of food for $15. It was a particularly hot day in Arizona and the restaurant was very warm inside because they were not running the air conditioning (cheapos), they only had the door propped open and it was stuffy and muggy. First impression other than the warm inside temperature was a foul odor and the place was dirty and disorderly like it hadn't been cleaned from the night before.  We were greeted by a apathetic hostess who looked bothered to help us. She said we couldn't sit in the regular part of the restaurant due to a party that we could sit in the bar. Keep in mind it's a Saturday afternoon and we have a 14 month old BABY with us, it's hot inside the restaurant and it smells... We reluctantly said we'd sit in the bar. We asked for a high chair for which they had none. We were also treated like they were annoyed that we were there. So now we are a family with a small baby for which there is no high seat, in a hot, stuffy, foul smelling restaurant where we are forced to sit in a musty bar that's visibly dirty AND we're being treated very poorly. So we decided to leave since the whole experience was uncomfortable and the physical dirtiness of the place was not appetizing. We told the manager we were leaving and he didn't seem to care at all. Not only is this completely disappointing because this restaurant is in my neighborhood and I was looking forward to eating there, but the conditions were unacceptable for any diner, baby or no baby. Food needs to be kept at an appropriate temperature and if it was that hot in the dining area I can only imagine the kitchen. The dining area needs to be clean, plain and simple. If the dining area is not clean then the kitchen can't be that clean either. Lastly customers should be treated with respect and if you're going to call yourself a "restaurant" and you are open for "lunch" then buy a couple high chairs. So I can't tell you how the food in this dump of a restaurant is because we left and promptly through the $15 Groupon in the trash. We wont ever be going back there. It was a dump when it was John Henry's and it's a bigger dump now. If you like bad service in a dirty, foul smelling restaurant this is the place for you, enjoy!
3	Drove past the place about a month ago, and wanted to check it out. Went for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night. We were greeted by a hostess/waitress. We were seated and our order was taken as soon as we sat down (the chairs we uncomfortable for my 6'2, 230lb well built man, but hopefully as business picks up so will the chair comfortablity). Ordered chicken strips, and they were seasoned so well. Then I ordered the Pan Seared Chicken with a garlic sauce and oven roasted tatoes greenbeans and carrots. My date had the Open Prime Rib Sandwich with garlic mashed potatoes.  We were overly impressed with the taste of the dinner choices.  Not to mention that they have a shot drink menu of 101 different mixed shots, that come in a shaker that have about 3 more shots for about 8 bucks.There was a live band playing cover songs, and the staff was friendly. I'm already planning my next visit with my sis and the girls from work.
2	My wife and I live in the neighborhood, so we were excited when we saw Groupon offering the $30 for $15 special.  We went in for a 7:00p dinner on a Friday night and were quite disappointed.  We started at the bar for a drink after being told that there was a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem, even though the dining room was only 20-25% full.  The bar experience was fine - a Martini and a beer.  Nothing spectacular, but no issues either.It really got bad once the dining began...  The menu is quite sparse.  The service is worst  that I've experienced in quite some time.  Slow is an understatement!  I had the steak that actually was not that bad, but my wife had a salad that looked terrible and tasted worse.  The hostess was texting the entire time and I have no idea where the wait staff would disappear to.  The only person that I did see for some time is who I believe is the owner.  He was chit-chatting with a large table that it appeared that he knew, meanwhile patrons are walking out of the restaurant.  I give it another three months and it will be gone, unless there are some substantial improvements...
3	We had a buy one entree and get a second entree for free coupon, so we thought we would give this place a "shot"...no pun intended.  It was immediately obvious, upon our arrival that Garlic & Shots needs to fine tune their whole operation. Right from the get-go, we both felt a strange vibe in the place, maybe it was the sparse/drab decor, or the indifferent greeting from the hostess whom seemed like she didn't want to be there. We were however promptly ushered to a table. Unfortunately, the table was located in a little side area that is completely cordoned off, not very inviting, and it had a feel of being completely removed from the rest of the restaurant...weird! We also thought it strange that none of the tables in the restaurant had place settings either. From the paper menu's that gave us the impression the place was trying to do things on the cheap, we each ordered a couple of local craft brews, and the top sirloin steak which is very reasonably priced, imo. Our drinks were a little slow to arrive and we wondered if we had been forgotten, over in the little cordoned off, uninviting, area we had been seated in. Upon the arrival of our food, our server realized we didn't have silverware. No biggie, a little attention to detail is appreciated however. The garlic mashed potatoes and the veggies, although delicious, were barely luke-warm, but both of our top sirloins were cooked to perfection and excellent! The steaks were definitely the highlight of our experience. I did inform our server about the barely luke-warm mashed potatoes and veggies. She was very apologetic and promptly offered to bring more out. At one point the manager approached our table and asked about our experience. I informed him about the potatoes and veggies. He seemed genuinely concerned and insured us that he would address the issue with the kitchen. He also offered a complimentary beverage on the house. Despite the service being a bit slow, our server did a decent job overall. We got the impression the restaurant staff are very inexperienced, the place was understaffed, and disorganized. If this place ever figures out the restaurant business, this place could be a winner. Our experience overall was a good one, but had it not been for the great steaks, I would have given the place two stars. We will definitely try Garlic & Shots again. I hope they get their act together.Oh, by the way, the top sirloin steak was excellent!
1	This place is a total dump. Went on a Tuesday night and were seated in a completely empty restaurant area at a dirty, uncomfortable table in the dark. So dark I could not read the menu. The entertainment that evening was a cover band playing "Hello" by Lionel Richie and it was not a so-bad-it's-good band, but awful, out of tune, hurts your ears band. While we read the menu another family came in and I overheard their server explain that they were out of several items on the menu. Wish our server had provided that info. Our server arrived and my husband asked about an item he read about on their website that was not on the menu. After checking with the kitchen, he said they would make it special for him but normally that is not a menu item. WTF? I never walk out of restaurants without ordering but I had to bail. I just had a feeling it could only get worse. Wish I had read the reviews here first.
1	Was I'n there a few weeks ago bought a groupon.. We ment a couple of friends there for happy hour.. The bartender ignored us, we had to ask for a menu.. And the bartender had six people and sat behind the bar doing paperwork . We had to ask for another round of drinks and the bartender seemed annoyed with Us. So we asked for our check and never got to use our groupon this place will be lucky to stay I'n business for 6 months!!
1	Any Yelper that gave this place more than 3 stars must either work their or be friends with somebody that works there.  TERRIBLE.
4	Had the burger as part of our groupon deal. It was very competently done. The garlic fries were excellent. Service was very good.
4	Okay- listen. For starters, I haven't written a review in forever because I haven't been to some place that i felt needed it.  This place deserves a good review in the midst of some pretty bad ones.  I'm busy lately and I had a good enough time to yelp and cared enough about the people there based on one experience to take the time.  That's something.  I'm not going to say much about the restaurant other than the burger we ordered was pretty tasty, fries were fresh and appeared hand-cut, and they batter their own chicken fingers.  More than I expected. Bar:  Just do it.  Jason, the bartender, made our afternoon.  He was friendly, kept us in more alcohol than we ever intended on drinking (isn't that what makes a good bartender), was witty, interesting, and made the whole experience.  We had a Groupon too.  They accepted it gladly- no Groupon attitude (pet peeve).  They put the game on for us (hell, they gave us the remote!), made sure to check on us frequently and didn't give us attitude when we wanted to switch seats and sections (we tipped out both!)  The bar space is actually really comfortable.  A lot of tables, some cushy seats, and the bar stools that don't make your lower half go numb from sitting in them for any amount of time.  The music is vintage which added to the charm along with the warhol-esque prints.  Fun.  Not typical.  Something different.  Towards the later parts of the evening, a live funk-inspired band came in.  By then, I'd had enough table shots to get DOWN to it.  The band was good.  My dancing was better. Are you going to feel like someone important while you're there? No.  It's not the Vig.  Are there some kinks to be ironed out in this new place?  Sure.  Was the owner there and friendly when we were there?  Yes.  Did it seem like everyone was trying to make us happy?   Yes.    Are the drinks cheap & strong? Yes.  Did I intend to stay there 1 hour and end up staying from 4pm-10:30pm?  Um, whoops, yes. Good times were had.  Recommended.  This place gets 4 stars for the bar.  It mostly gets 4 stars for Jason.  If you replicate the experience we had, it will be a 4 star experience.   It also gets 4 stars because it's a NEW place, appears to be trying, and I think has a lot of potential if people are patient.
1	4/19/12 @ 7:30 PM.  We hoped for a nice, quiet dinner in our neighborhood.  We'd been to the locale--the former John Henry's many times in the past 15+ years and while disappointed when JH closed its doors, wanted to support this local business that eventually opened in the same location.The first time was shortly before Christmas, 2011.  The kitchen was out of order due to some "technical problem".  We went again between then and New Years to have an "OK" experience given the newness of the place.We went two other times this year to experience nothing more than average service and food.Fast forward to this evening.  We get there at about 7:30 for dinner.  A party of about 6 or 7 is on the outdoor patio.  Some one is playing live music at the far end of the bar.  There's one occupied table in the dining room.After a few minutes, someone from the bar area came to the hostess station and when we said we were there for dinner, were told we could either sit on the patio OR in the bar area.  When we asked why the limits since the dining room was totally open and the waitress would have to walk by our potential table to take care of the patio patrons, no real explanation was given.  We left.  WE WILL NOT BE BACK.  Very poor customer service, customer relations and behaviors. We will NOT EVER consider, recommend or otherwise consider returning to this place under the current ownership, management and name.  Hopefully for the reputation of the building and the memories of fine dining and good service of the past, G & S will be a bad dream very soon and the venue will be open for some business with a REAL focus on customer service, dining and patron satisfaction will move in and erase the bad taste that this business has left in our mouths and our memories.
4	Awesome bar and their live band nights have always been amazing - never a bad experience yet. The food is really good and their shots list is extensive (101 to be exact!) Kristen is a great bartender.
5	I really enjoyed my visit to Garlic and Shots. The 101 shots were playful and daring and I got at least two full shots out of the $8 shot. Depending on what you pick they can range from supere strong to what one might call super girlie. :) All seem interesting at the very least. The food was fanstastic and a variety of dish types ranging from burger and friest to steak. They had chicken, and salads, hummus (which is always a plus for a picky eater like me!) The staff was pleansant and accomidating. The owner also stopped by to ensure we were enjoying our dinner and were satisfied with the service and quality. My boyfriend and I were also told about the thier famous blood mary shot that was secret family recipe! We didn't get to try on this visit but hope to get a tast of it the next time we go. They had an outdoor eating area and a indoor area with ambient lighting to create a relaxed mood. To the left of the entrance was a bar and lounge area where they had live music playing, which I abosolutely loved!!! As they are a new restaruant, those who have had bad reviews may have caught them on a bad night, but I think they should give it a second chance! If you have never been, I highly recommend giving it a "shot" and give the people who are trying to provide us with a light and relaxing atmoshphere thier chance to shine!!!
1	I had high hopes for this place, as it is right in the neighborhood.  Sat in the bar area - decent choice of beers, including some local craft brews.  Decided to eat off the happy hour menu - big mistake!  Ordered mussels and clam strips.  My partner liked the mussels OK,  but the clam strips tasted off.  Turns out they were, or just undercooked.  They made their unceremonious reappearance a couple of hours later.  I have not been that sick for a very long time.  I'm going to steer clear of seafood, and G&S for a long, long time.
1	First off, I try not to write bad reviews or say anything overly terrible about a local business, because I try to support them as much as I can. BUT......Come on guys, stop what your doing and save your business. Fire your ENTIRE staff and start over. I've been here 3 times, each time worse than before.First stop.....New Years Eve....the only decent time I had here.2nd......My girlfriend got here 30 min before I did. She was completly ignored at the bar THE WHOLE TIME!! The bartender was running around looking for a certain bottle of wine for some girl. When I got there she was so pissed, we left. 3rd......quick cocktail before we headed home for the night....I ordered a margarita, the bartender looked baffled like "holy crap, what the hell is in that?'Tequila and Roses lime juice is what I got. YOUR A BARTENDER FOR PETES SAKE!!! Its not some brand new drink I threw at you......dont they teach this in bartending 101? Or at least made this at some point in your life at your house?In his defense, I did send it back and he filled up a tunbler of Don Julio for me, and I got 4 shots out of it.......good save sir, good save.Finally, I have never seen any type of food on a table or anyone in the actual dining room. Put the live music in there, not right next to the bar!! I feel like Im being eye balled by the band the whole time Im sitting there. Your in a legendary location. You have big shoes to fill. Read the reviews on here, and learn from it. The community WANTS to support you, but read what the customers are saying. Its all pretty much the same.I wish you the best of luck.
1	CAUTION!!!!!!This dining experience was literally the worst I have ever had in my life, and I'm including all (fast food, grocery store delis, taco carts in Rocky Point...) Our server was Jerome and he was the most rude, unfriendly, unknowledgeable server I have had. He couldn't answer any questions about the menu, he didn't make any eye contact, and dunring our 2 HOUR dining experience (not by choice, because they were that slow with a whopping 2 full tables) we only saw him like three times. It took almost a half hour to get our appetizer, we had no silverware or napkins the entire time and had to eat it with our fingers and asked for napkins several times and ended up unsing the tablecloth when Jerome failed to bring any. Our food took forever and was incorrect but after the wait we sucked it up and ate it anyways. It was mediocre, putting it kindly. Our drinks were only refilled when we requested and it was done by the busser because even he couldn't find our server. We had to hunt our server down 30 minutes after we were finished eating to ask him to bring the check. He was found in the bar hanging out with friends and when I asked the bartender the please get him, the bartender scoffed at me and said he would be over when he was ready. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?! When he finally brought the check, it was incorrect and he had to fix it, 4 TIMES! It was a party of 4 eating and it was only two appetizers, a salad, and two entrees. How hard could it be?!!! The caption on the website reads "If you're looking for a welcoming atmosphere, great customer service, great food..." DO NOT BE MISLEAD, THEY LIE!
3	Cute atmosphere. They could use more of a selection on their menu.  Generally you only have like 4-5 entrees to choose from.  I would like to see this little neibhorhood place succeed.  Hopefully they will work on their food selections.
4	I went here with some friends expecting something horrible because of the bad reviews. I almost didn't even want to use the Groupon we had because the reviews were so bad. So my expectations when we got there were REALLY low. So I was surprised when the place turned out to be pleasant. I kept expecting something to go wrong, and after a bit I realized this place had earned the good review I am giving it. The bartenders were friendly and kind, the shakers for $8 are  a STEAL. The beer was really cheap too. We ordered the sirloin sliders and even those were very good, much better than your average bar fare. The interior left something to be desired, but it wasn't a big deal. We had a great time and will certainly be coming back. This place deserves a look.
3	This is strictly a happy hour review. First, let's be honest. I was day drinking. Happy hour starts at 5 and I pulled up at 5:01. Hey, I'm thirsty. I met a girlfriend for a couple of drinks and a snack. I hit the wine list and there is something a little wacky about Garlic & Shots wine list. I only hear about it but I've never seen it.... Weird. They talk about it and hand me the happy hour menu that offers the house wine for $5 and that's my favorite price. But, G&S doesn't have any house wine so the bartender offers to substitute. Great, I'll take a substitute. So, wine in hand, mad gossip commences until bartender's boyfriend or last night's last call shows up. I don't know which but they exchange pleasantries about the previous night. I could have done without this conversation but it did explain the bandana the bartender was wearing as a skirt and the open sweater with exposed black bra. I expected this outfit at a strip club not the bar 500 feet from my kid's school. With this outfit, even I thought about throwing quarters on the floor to see if she would bend over..... Anyhoo, cattiness aide, the bartender did check in on us on ocassion and that house wine never did show. Unfortunately, neither did the $5 price. My substitute set me back $9 a glass. Ouch. I got a $2 discount. Would I go back? My girlfriend was bent, she wanted a ladies who day drink experience and that is not what G&S is delivering. But, I love the mussel appetizers so you might find me in the corner scarfing these down but G&S clean up your wine list and staff. If you don't have it take it off, get a dress code for staff and keep the mingling with friends a little more subtle. What I was looking at was a train wreck. So what is the deal with you, G&S? Who are you and who is your clientele? Do you want the 40 plus crowd with their pricey house values and mid-price bmws for dinner and drinks or you going for the apartment crew who is hitting the bar late and skipping dinner and matching each other shot for shot. I ask because I don't know who you are trying to appeal to. I think if you figure this out things will work out for you.
1	I find my earlier post about my experience and rating has apparently been flagged and is in the super secret group.  So much for asking the question and then not liking the answer.Yelp, I know there are ringers out there but I can assure you, I'm not one----my very negative rating and narrative is based on fact and personal treatment and is not that much out of sync with any of the other 1 star ratings and comments.Disappointing experience at the restaurant---even more so in the censorship YELP utilizes in keeping honest reviews from the general public.
4	I'm going to be honest, I would have never gone to Garlic & Shots on my own had I not got a text from a friend saying stop on by I am working tonight, so I did and what a fun little bar! There was a live band playing on a Thursday night.  Nice chill vibe with the patrons and great friendly bartender.   Drinks were good, tried a few of them, don't remember the names but the numbers were 20, 92 & 86 and damn they were all good! I like my drinks sweet, I'm a girly girl and can't drink beer, unless it's a Irish car bomb, but that's another story  haha so I like the pretty looking sweet tasting drinks.Yep it was a great find for a Thursday night, only problem was I still had to go to work on Friday morning, smh, Why oh Why does Thursday nights feel like it's a Friday hahaOh also when I checked on Yelp, we got $5 bucks off a $10 buck or higher tab! Not to shabby I say!
2	Ugly decor and hardly no patrons. I ate here on Friday night and it was silent and empty. Not even background music. The food was ok, but I'm in no hurry to come back.
1	You are out of business!  And good riddance!  It is surprising you lasted as long as you did given the poor service, bad attitude and just plain rotten business performance.That you were locked out because of non-payment of rent is not all that surprising.  Let's hope the next business in this great venue has more class, better business sense and a more classy operation---it won't have far to go to beat what has since left.
1	Bought a Groupon for the place; not even sure it's open anymore.  The place is basically awful and that's putting it nicely.  The wait staff is totally clueless and doesn't even know you're in the place.  I had to shout out to them after watching them talk for five minutes or more. After that, they all scrambled like they were busy when the manager noticed my frustration.  They all look like tattooed, dropouts, looking for something to do.  The food was fair, if that and I can't even remember what I had.  If you're looking to go out, stay out of this place.  I still have a Groupon to use, so I think I'll get something simple and never return. Like I said, I don't even know if it's still open.
1	Out Of Business.  What took so long?
2	I'm all about supporting local small businesses, but only if they're worth supporting. I'll start with the atmosphere.  The art on the walls was atrocious, and the place was too dark to see across the tiny table I was sitting at.  I can see it being a little darker in the lounge or bar area, but the dining room needs to be better illuminated.   Now for the drinks.  This place is all about their "shots" which come in a miniature shaker with a shot glass and you can pour your shots as you go.  Maybe I'm no fun, but this was completely lost on me.  I don't want to knock back a drink so quick I can't taste it!  Plus this place does not really appeal to the type of crowd that would just want to pound shots.  I got their bloody mary, it was number one on their drink menu, and it was SOOO GOOD!  In my opinion this is the only redeeming quality of this restaurant.  The food = lame.  Menu could be revamped for sure.  It's over priced and unexceptional.  Final word:  The drinks are good, everything else sucks.
