4	Delicious cocktail list, and a bartender happy to whip you up a Sazerac or anything else your wise-drinking little heart desires. There's a nice list of wines and bubbles too and a cider and a couple beers on tap. The room has gorgeous dark booths and a cozy back area, and is way less umm formal than others in the area. The food is likely to be great since its the folks behind L'Orignal and Gros Jambon, and the Burger Week burger is two sliders with fried salami (my favourite!)
5	We went here before our dinner (at another restaurant) for some drinks. My wife and I had a few different mixed drinks and a few beers, all of which were great. The staff was very personable and friendly and made great recommendations for what to have at the restaurant we were going to later that evening.We only had one appetizer, the pierogies, which were great.
4	I really like this place.  Casual but cool, friendly.  Fries and mayonnaise were excellent.
5	What a score. Food, drinks (c/o Lutia) and amazing DJ. I will for sure be a regular. So impressed.
4	Owned by the same people that run Le gros jambon, The Royal Merchant is an excellent choice for those looking for a place to drink and eat at the beautiful Old Port of Montreal. They have delicious Hamburgers and Poutine, but they also have healthier options such as salad and fish. The ambiance is quite pleasant, with a very antique look and dim light that makes for a very comfortable place. The waitress are nice and they frequently make sure that you are satisfied with your meal. The price is okay. Considering the average charged for a meal in the area, I would say that it is somewhat reasonable.
5	My wife and I stopped by this attractive, dimly lit pub for a late weeknight dinner and were definitely not disappointed!Several different DJs had the place nodding with a great atmosphere, staff and guests were having a good time but it wasn't too packed or deafening.Food was delicious-- we had a classic poutine and a small meatball pizza which were both very well executed. And as cocktail nerds we really enjoyed our Hendricks G&Ts (served with cucumber!) and a deliciously on-point Negroni.
4	Hey that was pretty good pub food. I heard the burger was very good, and sampled the margarita pizza which was very tasty. I had the wings, which were surprisingly good for a montreal pub, and the pouting was great. Large hoegarden made it complete.
4	Came by here on a Saturday to grab a bite before heading out with some friends.They had a burger special...Yelp knows I love burgers so I ordered the burger.  I ordered a local beer and the place was playing some fantastic music.  The space is pretty cool - with a good mix of standing tables and cool looking booths.The bartender was awesome - great conversation and the group next to us were a bunch of locals and super friendly.  The burger and fries arrived and the burger was very large.  I didn't confirm but I have a feeling they would have cooked that burger medium rare if I asked but it was definitely not overcooked and bloody delicious.  All in all it was under $20 for an awesome burger and a pint.  Would come back just for the music.
