3	I wish Yelp did half and quarter stars. This Papa John's would be a 2.75 star. Papa John's in general would be a 4 star. The reason this store gets a lower rating is because of the following e-mai I sent to there corporate office and the response I received. here is the e-mail I sent:Monday 11/29/2011I placed my order on-line at 9:30pm. At 10:20pm I still had not received my order. I called the store and after waiting on hold for several minutes someone picked up and said sorry we're closed. I told them I placed an on-line order almost an hour ago and still have not received it. He asked my last name and after I gave it to him and he said to hold a minute he said "it left awhile ago and should be there soon" and then hung up. Not even giving me the chance to ask or say anything else! The driver showed up at 10:28pm and gave me my pizza and asked for payment. That's it not a sorry we were late or anything. He actually seemed annoyed and even though the pizza was late and service was bad I gave him a $3 tip. The pizza was below normal standards and the service/delivery time was awful! The way the pizza tasted and the way I was treated and with the delivery time it seemed like I was the last order of the night and they were pissed off to have to deal with it. If you don't"t want to serve your customers good food in a timely manner then don't except the order if it's later then you want. I order a minimum of once a month from pappa johns, sometime more. This is the worst experience ever. If I would have received a "hey sorry were late" or something, I would not be writing you. However the pizza took close to an hour to get to my door and it was not the normal supper hot great tasting pizza. Very disappointed and will not be ordering for a long while. Thank you for your time.To there credit I did get a phone call from the store manager, I think. He left me a voice mail asking to call him back so I can give him details. I didn't save the message so I didn't have the number to call him back. I'm a little surprised they didn't try a second time or contact me via e-mail or snail mail. I'm a chef at corporate run restaurant and when we have an upset guest we bend over backwards to contact them and make them happy. One voice-mail was all I got! I love Papa Johns and if the website would let me pick a different store I would start ordering again. But for now I've sworn them off for the foreseeable future.
3	Unfortunately, in Scottsdale you can't find a freakin' Pizza joint open late.  This is the only option for us in the part of the city.  We've ordered delivery from this place at least 5 times over the past year.They're always on time, so that's a bonus.  However, the Pizza is good only about 60% of the time.  3 out of the 5 orders we've placed were decent.  The other 2 times the Pizza wasn't as fresh.  Another time they forgot our dipping sauces.  Here are some photos from the best Pizza we had:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ot9iwwY_oSzf9VWkEl4XkA?select=7pH63u5XzVYQWsTz7vFAyghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ot9iwwY_oSzf9VWkEl4XkA?select=2ngodDyMj6M0szyBbGSJ5ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ot9iwwY_oSzf9VWkEl4XkA?select=Ijho6NWvYC6PQYbfhoO0ewThat day, they were firing on all cylinders.Return Factor - 100%...Because we have no other late night options.
4	An impromptu party sprung up in the Dance Studio last night at 10:30 and nothing was open for food, oh what to do? We called Papa John's on Via Linda and ordered two large pizzas. They were delivered very quickly and by a very nice guy - he even laughed at our jokes (always good for a tip). And two large pizzas for less than $24, who can beat that? One regular crust with tomato, pepperoni and olives and one thin crust with ?? (not mine so who cares, haha) were both very good.We added a little wine, a little beer, music, and good friends and it was a party! I love Papa John's at home and now found a great place to order late night in Scottsdale too!
2	The first time I ordered, there were no real problems, other than an extended wait, 30-40 minute delivery time was the estimate and it took about 50 minutes.  Not the end of the world.Second time didn't go too well at all.  Ordered a pizza at 12:00 p.m. and was given an estimated wait of 30-40 minutes again.  At 1:08 I called because the pizza had still not arrived.  I was told that the delivery guy was walking out the door and there was an included coupon for a free large pizza next time.  Compensation made me feel better. About 1:30 p.m. delivery guy comes with pizza.  Third time around - taking down to 2 stars from 3.  Promised delivery time of 11:45.  Pizza delivered at 1:10 p.m. - COLD.  Had to call to find out where pizza deliver was at 12:15 and was told that they had 1 driver and a lot of orders so my order would be at least another 30 minutes, but they would refund my pizza charge.  Another 55 minutes later my pizza arrives, but is completely cold.  I think it was made at the promised time but not delivered for another hour and 25 minutes. Overall: C-One decent order, two bad orders - hopefully I'll be able to give an updated review as we use them more!
