3	It gets a Fifty-Fifty rating for me because they did a good job on not making me look like a marine, but it was downright scary when the forced me to choose "what number" I wanted. I worked it out that I wanted an 8 on top 6 a bit down, and finally a 4 on the back and sides. Bottom line, don't come here unless you refer to your haircut in a numerical fashion. Sports are on the TVs and the kids have a place to kick it. Always a good amount of barbers working and they have about 5 chairs. Solid joint, $13 bucks for a decent, no-frills cut.
5	I've been to a number of barbers, but this one fits my needs.  They're quick, professional, and don't try to be your best friend, they just try to give you a good hair cut.  No matter who has cut my hair, I get the same exceptional cut, every time, for a reasonable price, with little wait.
5	Hardly ever a long wait and very tight clean haircuts and fades.  Facial shave, line ups also available.  They know all about tapers, faux hawks, high and tight, edge ups...  Find your right barber and he'll be your regular.. 8 Barbers and very big waiting space...  Always feel fresh walking out of here!
1	After waiting for two hours I kept noticing that they would take "regulars " or friends over people waiting . They have a number system that's not worth a sh*t. Why have numbers when you're gonna pick who you want. I will never go back there again!
5	Lots of chairs and barbers.   Professional and rad.   These Amigos shaved my gringo beard into a face worthy of FIFA2014
5	Took our one and half year old here to get his first haircut. Frank did an excellent job giving my son a Mohawk (because of the way his hair was growing in). Extremely patient and he understood his needs. Love this place. Wait time wasn't bad at all for a Saturday afternoon. All the guys in there were very friendly. Would definitely recommend this place and we will be going back.
5	I live in the Pacific NW, but travel every six - eight weeks to Phoenix. I will actually wait to get a full haircut until I can come to Frank's. Never had a bad cut. These people take pride in a man's haircut! It is walk in service only, so I highly recommend going there before people get off work, as it can get packed and the wait can be long.
