5	Crombie's is the best butcher in Edinburgh and luckily it is located just around the corner from my flat, hurrah! If you mention this place to any self respecting Edinburgh carnivore, they should acknowledge you with a contented sigh ("ahhhh, Crombie's") and a wistful look in their eye. Their sausages are widely regarded as amongst the best in the UK and they supply lots of local restaurants with them to keep the punters happy. There are many different varieties to choose from and they range from the traditional (pork, chipolatas, Scotch beef) to the exotic (boar, pork and stilton is an inspired and tasty combination). Asides from sausages, they do the usual butcher cuts of meat (steaks, lamb etc) and meals for you to heat at home if you can't be bothered cooking.Most of the meat is locally sourced and everything is incredibly good quality. It's just a shame that they close at 5.30pm, far too early for those of us with office jobs.
5	Having lived round the corner from here for a year I sampled this place A LOT. Gone are the days when most neighborhoods had a friendly local butchers, but thankfully Crombies has stuck around.Once you have sampled the meat here you will find it very difficult to go back to eating the poor quality rubbish on offer in the supermarket. Crombies sausages are out of this world! I would have to say the best I have ever tasted. With a variety of flavours ranging from your standard pork and beef to more exciting flavours with my favourite being the Whisky, Hog and Wild Thyme. They also stock your normal butcher meats which are still as delicious. The jump in quality from supermarket meat to that of a store like Crombies is amazing. Their haggis is very good too, but quite expensive. Brilliant shop, shame there isn't another one down my end of town!
5	Crombie's are the kings of sausages, just look at the website URL!(I wonder who has sausages.com?).I agree with Amy and Emma on this one, it's like a old fashioned butchers had a baby with Peckhams. Nice and swanky, but still very homely.Try the Wild Boar Sausages, Pumbaa never tasted so sweet!
5	This place is legendary!! When I told my granny I was going to be living and studying in Edinburgh, she was positively giddy as it meant I could post her down crombie's produce. pfft.but I totally understand. The meat here is so good, as Amy G says it's hard to go back to eating any other sort of meat.  Their beef olives are a particular favourite of mine, particularly with haggis - yummmmmy! Also they make really good burgers, with BBQ season looming you can easily come here and fob them off as your own.They can also make things to order too! If you need a certain amount of Steaks, or perhaps a pig's head, they can get it to you within the week.Although I'm not quite sure why anybody would need a pig's head. Each to their own.
5	Crombie's of Edinburgh is officially Edinburgh's best butcher.  According to the 'rule book', this means that the quality and range of its meat is superior to all others in the city.  That's a pretty mean feat, but, after visiting the shop last week I can understand how it acquired such an accolade.  They have some amazing cuts of beef in the counter which are huge, pink and surrounded by thick layers of fat.  Their sausages are, apparantly, their speciality and they sell a great variety of pork and beef with a mixture of herbs.It almost feels like a butch crossed with a delicatessen due to the amount of high quality meat they have on offer.  None of it comes cheap, but you wouldn't go to the best butchers in town to buy crappy cuts of meat.  Just make sure you know what you're doing with it after you buy it!
5	There's nothing better than guzzling down the rarest steak known to man, and if you're this way inclined and happen to be in Scotland's capital city, then there's nothing better than being inside Crombie's.You can tell that it's going to be Edinburgh's best butcher even before you walk in the door, it has a look of opulence and self-assured quality that really says it all.While the main attraction is the fresh meat, there's also a hot food counter and so it's also an excellent lunchtime stop. Sausage and mash seems exceptionally popular, though my dislike of gravy has kept me away. The scotch pies though, are utterly out of this world. Golden brown, crisp pastry, and with a fantastic flavour that surely has to be the best way to utilise mutton, at only 80 pence they are among Edinburgh's best bargains.
5	Having had to walk past not one, but TWO very odorous fishmongers for the better part of the last year, I'm happy to swap them for this nearby butcher on Broughton Street. This isn't just any butcher's store, but one that specialises in sausages. Even the website is called Sausages, and as I skimmed down their website, my inner 13 year old boy couldn't help but giggle at each mention of sausage, which seems to be in every single sentence. Apparently, there's even a  sausage links website, as well as a sausage fans page. Giggle!They offer a whooping variety of sausages, and whilst the boring traditional stuff puts me to sleep, I got pretty excited by their south african boerwors and italian sausages. However, some of them just seem plain scary; cue the one with whisky, hog and wild thyme! I love my sausages though, and over the coming academic year I will probably be getting most of my sausage from Crombies.
5	Crombie's is a high-end butchers and more. This is as authentic as it gets. If I was a meat-eater, this place would be a dream: there are over 30 types of sausages alone, including one mouth-wateringly labeled whisky, hog and thyme, and one with venison, redcurrant and basil. Crombie's also cure their own bacon and hams, and have a superb range of haggis. The emphasis here is on quality, so if your pockets are small, don't visit: there's a luxury bakery, a deli that serves cooked meats, sticky toffee puddings as well as a wide range of curry sauces made by Madhuban. If you're feeling especially lazy and indulgent, there are also oven ready meals. I'd recommend this place for amateur chefs, and also for parties and special occasions.
5	I used to think that British sausages were these horrible sawdust-filled fatty mouthfulls of awful (and probably offal too).  Then I realised that I was just being a cheap student and had no place judging British sausages before giving Crombie's a chance.  Oh how gloriously wrong I was.In addition to amazing sausages, they have brilliant cuts of meat and OHSOAMAZING pies.  Their steak pie is possibly the best I've ever had.  I had to work all day Saturday so on his way home, my man picked up a small steak pie from Crombie as a treat.  The size was perfect for two people who aren't complete gluttons like we are so we felt like we could have stuffed our faces even more than we did.  I don't really understand why we don't go here more often, but I definitely know what we will be having for breakfast next weekend.
5	The best sausages in town, oh, and their other stuff not bad either!
5	It's been a few hours since I returned from Crombie's and my eyes are still glazed over slightly. I hadn't been in before, as it's not quite in my neighbourhood, but went here on a burger mission for a big BBQ and didn't quite expect so. much. meat. (Which is only ever a good thing in my book).I grew up in a quaint little village with a quaint little village butcher. All locally sourced and top quality. Crombie's is like the Edinburgh-scaled version of this. Local, not exactly quaint but definitely friendly and familiar, but behemoth in size with every type of meat you could want. And the meat looks simply divine, superb, out of this world amazing. I kind of wanted to buy it all.This is coming from a girl who sometimes has chicken for breakfast (I kid you not. When I'm out of eggs it's chicken on my bagel instead, nom). Sunday Roasts weren't so much a weekly tradition in my family as a way of life. I would say that the French diet is probably my favourite, due to the fact it's mainly meat, meat, then some meat with meat (and veggies). Red meat at that.Anyway, I digress. This is what Crombie's has done to me. It's turned me into a meat-drivelling carnivorific lune. They didn't just sell the very best looking cuts of steaks, a huge array of sausages, three sizes of burgers, and all the relishes, sauces, pies, bakery and some biscuits to go alongside it. They also have their own marinaded meats, and ready-made up (but SO fresh looking) beef stirfry mix with peppers, or stuffed Indian chicken breasts, or cajun chicken breasts, or whatever you will.I opted for two venison steaks in the end, for my weekend treat (not BOTH for me....well, maybe not.) They were plain but when I chatted to the butcher about the best way to cook them (a slow fry) he said he could marinade them in a lovely tomato, pepper and garlic marinade. YES. PLEASE. So he promptly did so, and re-vaccum packed them telling me they'd last till the weekend and would freeze today.Also, this is something I don't normally comment on unless it's to the other extreme (of dirtiness) but the place is immaculate, shining, spotless. Yes, butchers should be spotless and most do carry out all the regular hygene rules. But this place is postively gleaming.Crombie's isn't in my neighbourhood but I have now made it part of my routine to take a trip down Broughton Street once a week to get my meat for the weekend. I'll report back on the venison steaks but I can only imagine they will be heavenly. Sorry bambi.
1	Very Exspensive Butcher and the staff are VERY Rude.I Will not Shop here again.
4	"Would anybody like some sausages?"All I can think of at the moment is Tom Green playing the piano with sausages going up and down on strings, but this will pass...And onto what's important! Crombie sausages are immense in variety, top-notch quality, and reaaaally tasty. Get down here for your Saturday brunch essentials, it's worth the Broughton St journey. Ten to go...
5	When I crave meat, I make the journey here. It does not smell like a meat shop, which is huge for me. The place is spacious, the butchers friendly, though sometimes I can't understand them and they have to speak slowly for me. I feel like a bit of a tard, but they hear my american accent and just smile indulgently at me. They have lots of extras- meat pies, sundries, sauces, take and bake pies and things. Mostly, I get bacon. They have this gorgeous back bacon which does not fill my pan with fat grease like store bacon. It tastes sort of like Canadian bacon, which I ate a lot back home- way less fatty.
5	A real Broughton Street institution offering one of the best value lunch's in the city as well as a fantastic range of sausages, fresh meat and steak pies.
