5	What a fun store!   I went in looking for one gift, left with two.  Chad was very helpful, and somehow injured all the merchandise.   Im glad I paid attention to the previous review and really spent my time looking around the whole store,  probably more than twice.  I found something new on each shelf, each time I looked.  And this was all in one visit.
5	Awesome local art, and unusual gifts. Every time I go there there's something new to look at. Take your time and look around, you never know what you find.
4	I'm a fan of unique gifts, I love taking the time and finding something that someone really likes vs. something that someone just "needs" I stumbled on to Whozitz and Whatzitz while another friend was purchasing, but now I'm addicted and go there when I need to find unique gifts that don't fit in proverbial box. Plus I love friendly staff that guides you through the whole process, it is like shopping with a friend.
5	Cool and unique gifts. Something for everyone here! The owner was very knowledgeable and engaging. Great way to pass the time and pick up a couple of gifts for friends!
5	This is the best gift shop ever! It has all kinds of trinkets from jewelry, cards to books and local art! It has all kinds of fun things! The owner of this place is so awesome too he is fun and will gladly explain anything to you and show you more fun stuff that you may have missed on your own! This is the perfect place to get your holiday shopping on this season! And even if not for the holidays you can find stuff for any occasion from weddings to just letting your friends know you love them! Check them out and fall in love with this place you will never shop at any other gift store!!!
4	Great spot to find all kinds of unique items...gag gifts, party favors, souvenirs, gadgets, widgets, jewelry, etc. I had to walk through twice and take everything in. The guy manning the store was very pleasant and pointed out things I may had missed. There's items available from local artists, which I thought was nice. Go on in and take a peek! :-)
