4	Pgh Filmmakers brings a great selection of films to Pittsburgh, and this is one the theaters that runs 'em. It's well worth following the schedule carefully and making it to as many films as strike your fancy - here, at Regent Square Theater or at the Melwood Screening Room.It's also very easy to take a bus to this theater.
5	Unlike many historic theaters across the country, the Harris Theater has been lovingly restored, and is actually a great place to watch a movie.  In a past life, it showed porno movies.  Now it screens eclectic art-house films and other smart selections programmed by PGH Filmmakers.Located on Liberty Street downtown, the theater is easily accessible via public transportation.  The concessions are cheap, and the seats are comfy.  What more could you ask for?
4	How did I not realize that the Harris is cash only?
2	After two visits to this theater this week, I want to yellp:  turn up the volume! Or seriously look into purchasing new audio equipment, easier said than done, I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of audience members and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason, but the point is that I was distracted and did not at all feel immersed in the wonderful film in view.
4	Located in Downtown Pittsburgh, the Harris is part of PGH Filmmakers who also own the Regent Square and the Melwood Screening Room.  Like its Filmmakers' brethren, it shows a lot of art, foreign, & indie films that you can't see anywhere else.  Oddly enough, it was once known as the Arts Cinema when it was a porno house.  I mainly go to the Regent Square for my artier fare, as well as the Manor (when they get a good indie).  I've got a Screenie Pass to any PGH Filmmaker cinema, which is good for 12 admissions and 12 popcorns and beverages.  I came here to see "The Interrupters", a documentary by the same folks that did "Hoop Dreams".  "The Interrupters" was filmed in Chicago takes an intimate look at the stubborn, persistence of urban gang violence. The "Interrupters" are a group of ex-convicts who've joined CeaseFire, an innovative organization determined to stop by getting  out on the streets and  resolving conflict. Believe me folks, this movie is an eye-opener and extremely worth seeing.  Much better than anything Michael Moore could have done.I wish I could give it five stars, but there are a few key issues with this place.  First of all, it seems a little lacking in amenities.  Second of all, its acoustics aren't all that great.  Third of all, its marquee isn't the greatest.  As far as I'm concerned, it still looks like a holdover from its porno days.  But they show great films here and since the Fulton Mini/Byham is now a concert hall, Downtown Pittsburgh needs a venue like this.
4	The Harris is a great place to go for Independent/Art/Foreign Films. The screen is a little small, so if that's a concern, the Regent should be your first choice.  I can usually find an available parking spot on the street.  The staff is helpful and artsy/hip.  There's a cool gallery space downstairs.  The selection of films shown is really worth taking a look at.  Yes, the theater itself could use a bit sprucing up, but it's still an enjoyable place to see an indie film.
4	I like little indie theaters like this.  (WARNING: If you want big comfy seats, digital projection, surround sound, and a bucket o' soda, head elsewhere!)  It's small, shows art/foreign/indie films, and you can get a ginger ale for $1.50.  My ticket was only $4 since I'm a grad student...you can't beat that, and there are some amazing movies that show here!  My husband complained the whole time that the seats were uncomfortable, but I was fine.I am glad that we have the Harris downtown, and I will most likely return.
4	Attended opening night of the 2012 Three Rivers Film Festival here on a Friday night.Car parking karma got me a spot literally right in front of the theater.  Good start for the evening alright.  The french movie, "Rust and Root" was playing.  Popcorn, seats, view without heads in the way, movie, theater size all were a-ok.  And, believe me, I was pleasantly surprised in an old non-stadium seating theater that not one single head was in my viewing array in a packed theater.  My seat was comfy enough (yes, yes, of course I missed not having a drink holder but I like old theaters so I can do without some amenities).
3	Charming, small, simple and clean. Nice to see some remnants of these old school theaters still operating downtown. Went to see Bastards during the Three Rivers Film Festival. Staff are friendly and welcoming.
4	I do wish that I could get to the Harris Theater more than I do because it's so dang close to my place of employment but I must admit I visit once every few years.  It is one level seating and nothing like the IMAX screening appearance but with that being said it's great to support an independent theater.  The Harris theater has a very grass-vibe.
5	I saw 'Blackbird' starring Mo'Nique, Isaiah Washington and Julian Walker at the Harris Theatre.  With a recently renovated sound system, there WAS a huge interruption during the viewing of the film with what sounded like a BLOWN out speaker (happened 3 times) that sent chills (bad ones) through the body of the audience.  Not my first time at the theatre, the lobby is quite small, but provides the iconic popcorn smell (and freshly popped) upon entry.  A great spot with beautiful lighting to draw in the general public, I am sure many are deterred by the trip downtown because of the "parking" situation.  Well, folks you are missing out.  I will be back!
