4	Listen, its exactly what it says it is - a SMOKE SHOP.  I wouldn't say there's anything special about High Life, but it def has everything you need to satisfy your smoking needs.Prices are reasonable.Staff is cool and knowledgeable.Located in the heart of Plaza Midwood.
1	terrible customer service!! do not go here!
2	The staff are terrible...they are rude and they are not helpful at all!!!! I will never shop here ever again!!!
1	The biggest problem is with parking. I didn't even go inside because of the parking. DO NOT PATRONIZE BECAUSE THEY USE WHEEL BLOCKERS. A COMPLETE SHAM. I told the WHEEL BLOCKERS "employee," who would only tell me his name is "J" (something the nearby stores said is not the truth) that I was on my way INTO the HIGH LIFE store whose lot it was (2 minutes after parking). He told me simply that I could give him 50 dollars cash or debit or have my car towed. He cited a city ordinance as his reason for not being able to remove the boot due to my impending patronage of HIGH LIFE. I called the city and the Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department. The only "ordinance" involved was their ability to post signage. The first lie. I scrounged in my car for dollar bills to collect $50 to get the boot removed before he left. "J" then put the cash in his cargo pants pocket, wrote me a receipt (misspelling the word "cash") and took several minutes to retrieve the removal tools from his filthy 1992 Pontiac. I came back 20 minutes later, after calling the city and the police, to see him PARKED on the city SIDEWALK, waiting to do the same thing to another person. When I called the "WHEEL BLOCKERS" line, the "manager" answered. He was immediately rude and started LYING from the first second. I informed him that I would be filing this complaint and he told me to make sure I included that I "used a company's parking spot without shopping there." I will include that but only to emphasize that I was ON MY WAY INTO HIGH LIFE as the BOOT WAS PUT ON MY CAR 1 FOOT FROM THE PUBLIC STREET. I would have shopped at HIGH LIFE and fully planned on it, if this scary dude had not placed a boot on my car and lied to my face. Wheel Blockers claim they work for the private stores. When I called HIGH LIFE, they said Wheel Blockers work for the city. There is nothing but shady lies and what amounts to extortion. This "company" AND HIGH LIFE are a joke and their employees are rude, disrespectful, and liars. I will never patronize a company that leases out to Wheel Blockers, and after just a few hours, at least 10 of my friends and family members will not either. AVOID THIS HIGH LIFE AT ALL COST. LIARS AND EXTORTIONS.
1	Tried to kick smoking, went to High Life to buy what I needed for vaping  Felt decent about the purchase, but not good about the experience.  After arriving home and looking at other local stores I noticed I overpaid, and was sold knock offs.  The first battery never held a charge and the charger I bought was defective as well.  I tested each product independently.  Upon trying to return the broken merchandise within 24 hours, they offered no return nor exchange.  All sales final.  Fine, I get it.  Fool me.  A company that can't even stand by the products they sell is a fraud, cause the products are junk.  Also the knock off equipment could have exploded and caused great harm to my home or person.  A cheap battery from an unregulated plant could overheat, explode in hand make me a lefty for life.  A defective charger could start a fire in my home and kill everyone nestled in their beds.  Go somewhere that cares about you, the community and proper business ethics.  I understand profit, and bottom line, but I dont support taking advantage of uninformed customers.  This is not a vent, just an event log so you can make an informed decision.  Dont believe me, fine, read the other reviews, everybody seems real happy with this establishment.
1	Worse place to purchase ANYTHING!  They have NO IDEA what they are talking about! Asked for an ATMOS dry vale and they sold me a junior.  Called as soon as I read package leaflet: WAX ONLY!!!! Went back next day and the horrible saleswoman insisted it's for "dry vape". Have two emails from company confirming it is NOT NO NADA NEIN used for DRY HERB VAPE! Sent the company an email but no reply.  And, have yet to receive an. exchange! A bunch of losers that deserve to be out of business.  Let's close his place down!
