5	Just bought a business! I needed an iMac and iPad ASAP! Thank you so much guys!!!! Freakin rocks
4	After my Macbook died, I was stressed about buying a new one. I didn't have the money to buy a brand new Mac and I don't trust Craigslist. A friend recommended that I go see what The Orchard has to offer. My parents came with me to help ensure that I got a great deal and didn't get screwed. Shane helped me with all the facts and recommendations. I ended up buying a Macbook that same day for a LOT less than I'd spend at an Apple store. Shane even threw in some other free things just because I bought the laptop. I was so happy with my new purchase that when I signed the papers, the warranty section of the contract was overlooked. You are supposed to initial each paragraph of the contract, and well, it didn't really come up. I just came to understand that there was a year warranty and everything was wonderful. After 2 months, my computer started acting weird- it was a sudden "glitch." The mousepad was broken. I instantly became stressed but then remembered that I had a one year warranty. I read the contract and realized that the "fine print" stated that the one year warranty was actually really only for the labor- that if your computer needed a new part (which when your computer breaks, usually it's because you need a new part.. am I right?) YOU the customer were responsible for the new part, but don't worry because the labor would be covered under the warranty. I was extremely frustrated and didn't feel like this was a very good warranty. In fact, I felt like I had been mislead. I understand that it is a gamble to buy used, however when I was shopping I was made to feel that "these computers are brand new! They're refurbished..but they have new everything in them!" So, I felt safe. When I took the Macbook to The Orchard to see what was wrong with it, the warranty issue came up and my mom and I let Matt know that we were very upset and felt mislead. Within about an hour, the computer was fixed and we were not charged for labor OR the part. Matt helped us out and I feel great that we were taken care of. I AM nervous that I might have another problem with the Macbook and will have to pay for parts...but I guess it beats buying a brand new laptop at the Apple store. Or does it? We will have to wait and find out... but I do recommend The Orchard. They definitely take care of their customers and make HUGE efforts to make sure you are happy and come back. We will be going back to look at their iPads and other computers for members of our family.
5	I was two days out from re-deploying back to Afghanistan, and my 2009 Macbook Pro stopped turning on.  (after three years in Iraq, and one in Afghan without a single issue...).  The Apple store wanted $300, and two weeks to just look at it.  I was in a serious bind.  I found The Orchard store in Mesa, and stopped by.  24 hours later, I was out the door with my working laptop, and at only a small fraction of the cost Apple was asking.  I am now back in Afghanistan, and Very greatful to you guys!  THANK YOU!
