5	I was really impressed when we moved into the neighborhood to find this YUMMY chinese place. It is on our list of favorite's now. They have a great assortment of food from pad thai (my favorite) to beef with broccoli.  I am up for their Crab Ragoons next time. The service is always friendly and and the scents as soon as you walk in the door is inviting. The servings are perfect for leftovers!  Even the leftovers are delish!
5	So happy this place is literally 5 minutes away from my house! The food here is delicious and the service is great! They also deliver!! And they have lunch specials on the weekdays from 11am to 4pm! Their Mongolian beef is my favorite!
3	Close and good lunch specials!
3	Food was good but not outstanding...ordered delivery and had too call back to check if they were still coming because it took much longer than stated on the phone. Food arrived hot but one container had a lot of liquid in it and leaked all over everything else. Sweet and sour was a bit bland and the mongolian beef had was almost all peppers and onions with less beef than i thought appropriate.  Kung pow chicken was very good though.
1	Ate inside of the restaurant, was looked at the entire time, they separated the fried won tons with their bare hands at the table next to me instead of in the back or at a sanitary prep table. Over priced, and just BLAH. Again, I'm sorry I'm white, but my money is just as good as the Chinese guy next to me right?!
5	So far, this has been the best chinese restaurant I've eaten at in Vegas.  Luckily, we live walking distance from this place, we order from here for take-out often.  The prices are outstanding, and the sizes are very generous.
2	If I had written this review when I initially started going to Dragon Wok about 6 years ago, this might have been 4-stars. At the time, I was really happy there was a decent Chinese place for quick eats and pick-up close-by.Over the last few years, the quality (and quantity) of the ingredients has been going downhill.  Years ago the chow mein was made with good-quality, thick noodles - which are now much thinner and (tonight) over-cooked.  I ordered Shrimp Chow Mein (which I used to love) for pick-up - when we got it back home we received a pound and a half of over-cooked noodles (I actually weighed it) along with approx. 1/4 cup of veggies comprised mainly of onions, a little carrot & some cabbage and literally 7 medium-small sized shrimp (I counted). Ridiculous noodle-to-anything-else-ratio. I'm pretty easy-going and I don't get miffed about my food much - but this kind of presentation and lack of quality just irritates the heck out of me. Come on Dragon Wok - you're my local Chinese place and I'm in your corner!  I would gladly love you if you gave me something to love!
5	As you can see, I'm writing a lot of reviews these days because this is my last month on Yelp. Before I split, I wanna give credit to some of the unsung and under-appreciated small businesses in the NW area. DRAGON WOK is one of the better Chinese places that I have eaten at in Las Vegas. And I believe it's even better than most places on Spring Mountain. Summerlin/NW does not have many traditional style Asian restaurants. But places like DRAGON WOK are the closest you will ever get. This is not a generic panda express-like joint where food just sits out in a warmer. They cook it when you order it. They got amazing noodles here and the Orange Beef is also really great! I know that I get a lot of criticism from other Yelpers about how I tend to give "free" 5-star reviews out if the restaurant is operated by an Asian-American. Maybe some of that is true, but you need to realize that I am a 4th generation Asian-American whose family were direct survivors of the internment.  I'm always going to support Asian-American owned small business. But, DRAGON WOK does deserve every star I give it.
1	Today was the last time I come here ever again!  If I order takeout and you tell me 20 minutes and when I get there YOU then start to cook my food!  I am super upset because that totally defeats the purpose for me ordering take out! it has now been 40 minutes since I ordered my food.  Time is money don't waste my time.Also, for the reviews below saying this is the best chinese food they ever had.  Well, you need to go outside your box (THERE ARE WAY BETTER PLACES) because the only thing good about this place is the price (during lunch hours).
2	I'm all for your standard Americanized Chinese food but I was disappointed in Dragon Wok.First off I was bummed that the menu didn't offer a dinner combination for just one person (at Ho Ho Ho Chinese it's $10 for the entree, fried rice/lo mein, soup, and one each of an egg roll, fried shrimp and cream cheese wonton). I also wish they had sesame tofu as I was really craving that tonight.I ordered delivery and it arrived when I expected it to, but the food was lukewarm - nowhere near to being hot. Also, with the sweet and sour chicken there were only 2 pieces of pineapple, 2 pieces of green pepper, 3 slices of carrots and about 5 slices of onion for the entire dish - I mean, I guess it's good there was a lot of chicken, but the variety of veggies is part of why I like this dish so much. Then, I was sad to find out that my fortune cookie was stale :(.I'll probably give it one more try since it's the closest Chinese place and I'm sure my fiance (who's out of town this week) will want to give it a shot, but I don't have high hopes for my repeat experience.
1	DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY! The food is not very good but the customer service is awful. I picked up dinner for my family. When I got home I realized that half the order was the wrong order. When I called Dragon Wok the person that answered said bring it back and we will give you the right items. She also told me that I would owe $1.08 that is the difference in price for the correct food. I asked her to deliver the food. She said they would have to wait until the rain stopped and delivery would cost $3. I couldn't believe they wanted to charge me $3 for delivery when this was her mistake. I told her to take the $5 tip I gave her to offset the $3 plus the $1.08. She told me if I want the correct order I would have to pick it up and pay the difference - then she hung up on me. I called back and asked for the manager and was told the manager was not in. We ended up throwing the food away. Even the steamed rice was not good.With so many good Chinese take outs it is not necessary to settle for this place!
2	This place used to taste much better, now its just kinda plain and greasy.. You do get big portions for a good price... I was not impressed the last few times I was here, and I was starving. They have coupons on the take out menus.. you can get something free ( egg rolls) for spending over $15..  but you need to ask for it.It smells kinda funky inside... and servers cashiers could be nicer.
5	Ok I gotta stick up for this restaurant ... Seriously people need to stop with there bitch fits... I'm glad I don't listen to others.  So my bf and I just moved to the neighborhood and I love Chinese food so for lunch today we ordered from here... Man on the phone extremely nice order showed up in less then 30 min like he said... Food was scorching hot and delicious :) take advise from someone in the food industry and order from dragon wok!!!!!!!
5	I don't understand everyone else's dislike of this place. I've ordered to-go and delivery from this establishment for two years and have never had an issue. Food is good, prices are reasonable and customer service has always been perfect. It's family owned and operated and they are all very friendly. My family complains that there's too much sauce but I informed them that most people enjoy putting that on their plain rice and they haven't complained since. I love their chicken curry, mongolian beef, fried rice, lo mein, general chicken...basically everything. Delivery is always on time and whenever I've called in to pick up an order it is ready when I get there!
1	Rainy Sat, walked in ordered 2 orders of pork chop suey and sweet & sour chicken, they were busy,  girl at counter took 2-3  phone orders. While I stood there thru all calls,  I always thought the customer standing in front of you came first, not here,  she took calls while i was standing there 3-5 min. Finally took my order and I sat & waited for 25 MIN. My daughter was in the car with a 2 month old she timed it! . Another guy came in he ordered and got his food  quick!?.After all that waiting,  food was horrible,  where's the meat?  Where's the flavor,  all missing!  Had no idea you could mess up Chinese food.  So if you like your food with bits of meat Or a vegetarian and flavor just waved over your food.  Go here. Oh btw call in your order.
1	First time and last time.  They couldnt get the order right twice and had to go back when they failed to incluede part of the order.  They threw in a free appetizer for my troubles.  Food was average at best.  Skrimps on rice compared to every other place I've been to in town.
3	Decently priced food and fast delivery, but I just... wasn't crazy about the taste. There are much better Chinese places that deliver, so i would opt for Grand China or something else.
3	Recently I was working in the area and I needed a quick bite.  I am not from around here and didn't want to venture far.  I noticed that Dragon Wok was in the area.  I decided to stop in and was greeted or should I say ignored by one rude young lady.  I ordered General Chicken with Chow Mein and it was actually not bad.  The Chicken had what we call fillers, meaning, celery and carrots, but usually other places stop there, this had some broccoli, onions and bell peppers, this was a surprise.  I like how they added the extra stuff instead of just celery to add to the meal.The meal came with soup and I got a kick out of how the lady walked up to me after I sat down and barked, "Do you need soup?" Well I don't need soup but I would like what I paid for!I noticed she let the phone ring a few times and never picked up and one time I think she left the store and was only one there!Anywho, the food was not that bad and in the area I think there wasn't much of a choice.
4	I live 5 mins away from this place and came here several times. I always end up getting their specials dinner that includes choice of 2 entrees ; choice of soup; egg roll and I believe fried rice and it's like $24.99. I like their food and I think their price is reasonable. I esp love their Mongolian beef.
2	I ordered chicken teriyaki and chicken was raw. :( I thought I found a Chinese food which I love, but nope.
