1	Ok, I wasn't expecting a lot when my husband and I wanted something quick to eat and a little different and our usual Rubios, but I should have trekked a little further to Pei Wei. I was craving pad thai and I knew this place had it, so I order that with no meat. I then asked if I could have tofu instead. The guy at the counter asked if I wanted the tofu deep fried. I said no and my husband ordered two egg rolls. The total was $19! I knew that was off, so when I mentioned it, he said that the tofu was a brick of tofu. I told him I didn't need a whole block of tofu, just some to put in my pad thai. He then said he couldn't do that? What?? You can sell whole blocks of it, but you can't put it in my food? I said no to the tofu and waited for our food.After we got home, I opened my food to find big chuncks of beef, chicken, and shrimp in my pad thai. I'm a vegetarian, so that's not good. My wonderful husband took it back for me and when he returned, I only ate about 5 bites. Wasn't good at all. Next time, I'll stick with Pei Wei. Maybe I'll have that for lunch!
2	so, yeah. stopped by for lunch today, had the teriyaki chicken salad. not quite sure how this was a salad - 5 strips of teriyaki chicken on a bed of iceberg lettuce? ok, i'll concede that generally chinese food restaurants don't do salads well, but still. that was pathetic. chicken was fatty. sauce was flavorful. oh and my table had a funky plant/fake flower vase ... the green leaves were alive and in water, the fake flowers were mixed in with the live plant. weird.
3	Decent place for quick chinese. I don't like the fact that they don't serve the food in authentic chinese take out containers, but hey its still ok.  I don't go there often but when I don't feel like going across town to my favorite place, I pick this one in a quick pinch. Plus the owners are really nice :)
4	Unlike other parts of the country I haven't found too many take out/small eat in Chinese restaurants in the north Scottsdale/Phoenix area, but if want something healthy and reasonably priced Wang's is an excellent choice. This is not a fancy place but the food is tasty and healthier than fast food. Portions are ample. Family is very friendly. TV usually on if you eat in. Also some outdoor seating. Better than 3, I would say 3.75. Rounded off to 4.
3	Small cozy little place run by a friendly family. Food is tasty, service quick & prices reasonable. We usually grab something quick to eat at this place before heading out to FatCat Ballroom. I particularly like the snow peas chicken and low mein. So far I thought it was only PF Chang's in Scottsdale. But now I've found 2 more! Wang Express in Phoenix & Oriental buffet in Tempe. For great Chinese food, just go to the bay area in CA.
1	I read the other reviews, I don't see how they earn a three star. Maybe their attitude change for the worest; maybe its the summer heat, In my book that owner lady is definately NOT FRIENDLY !!! she is a bitch !!, she brought out the wrong oder, we took a few bit before we realizing it was not what we ordered, she insisted we pay for it anyway - because we already eat it (three bits worth). The man is nicer, he came out and take care of our complain. The food is pretty much like other Americanized chinese restaurant. - Cheap and plenty.As for me, I won't be back here again;  plenty Other good Chinese restaurant to choose from.
4	You know what America needs right now, more economic stimulation and  great chinese food.  Luckily, Wang's Express provides the latter of the two and for an affordable price.  I suggest coming in for the lunch time special from 11 til 4 in the afternoon.  Unlike other fast food places this stuff is made to order.  Definitely, recommend this place if you are in the area.  To Da Roo my amigos
4	I must confess that I am a little surprised by the 2.5 star rating for this tasty and dependable, Cantonese American, family owned, neighborhood spot. (Based upon 7 reviews, as of 12/30.) Upon closer look, it is apparent that this seemingly low average is due to bad reviews by a couple of disappointed customers - who probably should not have been at this place in the first place. No, this is not a salad place. It is not a tofu place. It is not a vegetarian place. And it is not your friendly, sensitive, new age pan-Asian sort of place. It is a DELICIOUS, better-than-average, but not aspiring to be the best, gritty, unhealthy, high fat, high cholesterol, high sodium, high sugarm, high MSG, high everything, sort of place - with a good dose of cultural differences on the side. Just how we want it when, once in a while, we all get that craving. You know... the craving. Plus the young guys that usually work the counter are a couple of cool, hard working, dudes.
3	For Chinese take out, the food was fresh and fast. Thanks for the smiles, and quick service.
3	Wang's Express is a good place to go when you are in a hurry. I havent found much in the way of good chinese food in Phoenix, but Wang's is probably the best. The service is super friendly and they always willing to make sure my lo mein has a little amount of cabbage and onion in it upon request. The place itself isn't much to look at and the bathroom as been known to smell like burnt brown sauce. I rarely eat-in though, I usually take-out. The prices aren't bad and they do have some pretty good lunch and dinner specials. My boyfriend isn't a fan of their friend rice so he usually orders orange chicken and I tend to toss up between mandarin hot chicken (aka general tso's) and hour lo mein. Unlike most chinese eateries their lo mein is full of yummy noodles and plenty of meat! I also like their wonton soup, it is a bit bland but it does the trick.
3	This place is soooo not that bad! The existing reviews are a bit scary, yes, but we ventured inside this place when we were next door getting frozen yogurt. We were surprised at the prices and the menu choices so the hubby to be decided to give it a try. We tried the orange chicken and the honey walnut shrimp. Not bad! It's not the greatest Chinese food in the world but it's better than the over flavored, calorie bombs at Panda Express (which btw, my friends, is NOT real Chinese food so stop using it for comparison). The restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired and the handful of times we've been there since then or passed by it the place is usually empty of diners. BUT, that does not mean it doesn't have loyal customers. We've seen lots of people running in for quick to go orders so I guess that is where they thrive. They are fast in service and prices are cheap so we'll be going back for take out too.
1	BY FAR, HANDS DOWN, THE WORST CHINESE FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.  I wish I were joking.  I ordered the usual, chicken with vegetables.  It was taking a long time so I peeked back behind the window.  The "cook", if you want to call him that, was just goofin off.  then he casually starts to throw everything in the pan.  It was awful.  Undercooked everything.  tough to chew.  obviously, it is a health hazard to undercook chicken.the bathrooms were disgusting too.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DUMP.
3	Really tasty Chinese food at a low price. And fast!
3	Not too shabby.  I had Mandarin chicken and fried rice and an egg roll.  Chinese is never my favorite but Wang Express was good.  Portion sizes were impressive.  I'm always a bit apprehensive with pricey Chinese food (even the fast food variety) but they offer a good value here.
5	Great place - just moved from Seattle where Chinese restaurants almost outnumber Starbucks. Food good, great portions, fair price, and the person at the counter was very pleasant. I have finally found my Chinese food place (at least when I'm payin' ! )I had to use the bathroom and it was clean, Paul. I'll definitely be going back......
5	First thing, it's Wang's Express, not Wang Express.I'm really picky when it comes to food, but I'm not a snob.I really like this place!!! They told me they've been open for about 17 years with the same cook so they must be doing something right !!!!To others that gave this place poor reviews, the food is what it is, FAST FOOD, even says so on the sign, but better for you than the "chain" fast food I'll bet!Every time I've eaten here the guy at the counter is so very friendly and helpful. The food always comes out quick and fresh and tastes better than most of the other fast food Chinese places around this side of town. All white meat chicken is a plus for me and they can change the level of spiciness (heat) if you ask. Hot or Not?So far I've had the Orange and Mandarin Chicken, Vegetable Beef (pepper sauce added cause I like it hot), Chicken Fried Rice (add Bean Sprouts), Crab Angels, Egg Rolls (I love), and Mongolian Beef!Everything I have ordered I've liked. Tonight I went back try the Kung Pao and it was as expected, very good.SPECIALS!!! They have lunch and dinner combos that come with so much food I always have lunch the next day, two meals for the price of one!
4	Just about any kind of Asian food is always my preference so I've tried many places. Wang's Express is more of "fast food" style restaurant but has a surprisingly large menu to choose from. They have lunch specials; which are like combo meals with rice and egg rolls and such, or dinner plates in different sizes. While I admit I'm not a fan of their egg rolls, everything else is amazing. I recommend any of their chicken or beef dishes personally (Orange Beef is my favorite) and the Crab Wantons. So if you want fast awesome Asian food but sick of Panda Express, go check out Wang's Express.
3	First off, it's fast Chinese, and they lived up to their promise on that one, we did get our dinners fast. I am a huge fried rice fan; and I have to say theirs was horrible, stick to plain white or brown rice. However, I had the beef with broccoli and that was ok. It's not like Beef with broccoli is exploding with flavor anyways, so I can confidently say they didn't mess it up. What I do like about this place (besides how quick our food came out) is that you can do the meal deal , typically only offered at lunch, for dinner which gets you the egg roll and crab puff at dinner. I love crab puffs, again theirs was just ok and I didn't care for the egg roll all that much. Overall it was fast, filled me up with a huge portion that I took home lots of left overs; they were open kind of late - until 10, and it wasn't the worse thing I ever ate. Also, they had very friendly service.
5	I have been ordering from here for 10 plus years now. Friendly service and amazing food. No ones orange chicken is better than theirs, their egg drop soup is perfect for when you're sick or it's a rainy day. I got lazy one day when I wanted Chinese food and ordered from somewhere else that delivered, NEVER AGAIN! Driving to Wang's to pick up your food is 100% worth it!
5	Love the orange chicken. The same guy I always behind the counter with a smile on his face. I love we can go here and get the same great service and delicious food every time.
4	Great Chinese fast food, order the house special fried rice, house special chicken and the house special lo mein, these are the main items that are pretty authentic chinese food. they are pretty quick and the food is always good to take home. don't go to the white man's buffet when you can get good quality fresh authentic chinese food.
4	Honestly, I am surprised at the number of negative reviews for this place, but it seems that all the newer (2013 start and forward) have been positive, and we have good things to say about it too!  The pork fried rice is amazing and the pot stickers are a new fave also.  I will say that we are not huge fans of the lo mein here, but that is true of all the Chinese restaurants we have tried locally, so it really isn't that big a deal.  The cashier is the same gentleman each time and each time he is unfailingly nice and smiling.  Other bonus features: the place is clean, the parking lot is easy to find a spot in, most people are taking to-go orders, so if you want to dine in it's actually pretty quiet, and it's next door to a Starbucks if you want somewhere to relax after in the now cooler air!Overall: AWe highly recommend the pot stickers and fried rice with any of the meat additions (chicken, pork, beef, etc.)
4	The pot stickers and pork fried rice are amazing, making this our favorite Chinese place so far.  The lo mein and egg rolls aren't to my personal tastes, but I'm yet to find a restaurant at any price point where I love everything on the menu. The service is always fast, the people are friendly, and the food is made fresh to order. Can't ask for much more than that!
3	Wangs has been here a long time.  The food is not like the best NY Chinese you may have had, but it's not bad either.  God when you have the craving fpr General Tso chicken.
1	Didn't like the food at all. The chicken does not look like real chicken. Not sure what I was eating. Will not go back to eat here again.
3	Wangs has been here a long time. The food is not like the best NY Chinese you may have had, but it's not bad either.  Good when you have the craving for General Tso chicken. House lo mein is a good choice too.
4	For reasonably priced Chinese food this is the place. I ordered the mu goo gai pan lunch and my daughter ordered the Mongolian beef lunch. Both were served piping hot and both were a very healthy portion. The mu goo had plenty of tender white meat chicken, veggies, a heaping serving of rice, an egg roll and a fried wonton. The sauce was light and not to salty.The Mongolian beef was very tender, cooked with a LOT of onions but I thought the sauce was a bit to salty for my taste. My daughter loved it and said it was fine. It also came with rice, an egg roll and a fried wonton. The place itself is a bit dated but very clean. The staff is friendly and they serve all you can drink Coke products. Much better than the chain Chinese place in the mall. Mom and pop places are the backbone of this country and this place is as mom and pop as it gets.
3	Chinese semi-fast food.  They prepare the food quickly and the quality is consistent.  Service is friendly.  They have been operating for a while and not much has changed.  The good news is that they keep the place clean and in working condition.  The menu has quite a few items.  Get the large items as the small comes dinner style.
5	Very nice fast food!! Ultimate.. We had orange chicken, mushroom chicken, some shrimp with chau meen.. Everything was fantastic..
5	Good,  fast,  and reasonably priced Chinese food. We ordered house fried rice,  house lo mein, orange chicken,  and crab wonton.  Very fresh and delicious.  Plenty of leftover for later :) will most definitely return.
5	I haven't tried any other one of their entrees or sides but I had have the hot and sour soup and it was very very good. I will be back for more soup! Oh and the prices are very affordable! If a poor college kid can afford it, you can too. Haha! :D
4	Good food, haven't found a asian restaurant that wasn't overkill on grease in a very long time and I was pleasantly surprised with their food, not greasy, egg drop soup was awesome! They even have the little crispies to put into the soup which again is hard to come by these days!  So far so great! :)
1	Horrible. Don't eat here. I had the curry chicken. It was fried and made with dark meat. Curry sauce was not good either. Kind of dirty inside the restaurant, very outdated. Seems like the workers are lazy.
5	I have been going to this place for 15 years or more. I order the Sweet n Sour Chicken and Crab Puffs every time. I've never experienced poor service either. Large portions for not a lot of money, and it's fresh too.
1	Worst Chinese food (it doesn't even deserve to be called food) I have EVER had in my life! Buyer beware!
