5	Great service, great people!  They don't yank you chain and try to sell you what you don't need.  The family style approach goes a long way.  All the guys there are awesome!!
1	This place... Oh man... I dont write many reviews but thought I needed to write one about this place.. Only because my roommate (female as well) had the same issues with these guys.A few months ago I took my car in because It was making a loud sound. And I needed two new tires...I brought my car in at 7am.. They told me it would be done around noon to 1pm (Lies) I walked home...I called at 1.. I talked to two different people before I could figure out what needed to be done to my car and when I could get it back. They told me it was my left ball barring that was making noise and that it had been worn down so much and it was something that I needed to get done ASAP. They gave me my estimate.They said they would call me back when it was ready.  I ended up calling out of work. Finally around 4 I was getting fed up.. Headed down there (by foot) My car was still not done.About 530 it was "done" I went up and those guys gave me a bill for over 900$! Way above the estimate they gave me! You gotta be kidding! They charged me for things they didn't even ASK me if I wanted to be replaced. Come on.. New windshield wipers!? In the fall?! It doesn't even rain here in AZ!!!!!! Air filter?? (Put my old one back in!!!) They tacked on other charges that no one had even talked to me about. ( oh but they were "nice"and gave me the windshield wipers for "free".. In the end..Yea OK!) just wait for it.............ON TOP of that the guy who "fixed" my car told me I still might here some road noise because my new tires need to be broken in ( wtf? New tires should have zero road noise..) I got in my car and it was till loud as before...a bunch of b.s. I would have taken my car back but when I opened my glove compartment the next day my car manual packet had been opened and thrown back in all disorganized..Did they even know what they were doing???  Took my car to Toyota eventually and needed my right ball barring replaced (they did it for free). My roommate just had the same thing happen to her at C&R Tire... I do NOT recommend getting anything done on your car here.These types of places are scams.. They wheel you in (no pun intended) tell you your car is broken then you have no choice but to just get it fixed right?
5	Just got back from having 2 front tires mounted & balenced. C & R is a new installer for Tirerack.com, which I ordered my tires from. Prices were exactly what was listed on TireRack. Scott was great to deal with, and as it turns out I will bypass Tirerack when I get my other pair of tire's as C & R can beat the price ! I had an issue from a couple of years ago, just as he had started managing the store, that I expained to him and he actually listened and assured me that many changes have been made. I have played with cars for 40+ yrs and had my own shop for a couple years, so I can pick out BS pretty fast. I have been outright lied to at one time or another from 3 different places over the past few years in the Valley..from now on I will be going to C&R for any work I can't/don't want to do on my own from now on.
5	C&R Tire has been doing the maintenance on my 2002 Subaru Forrester for over 5 years.  A couple of times over that time I took my car somewhere else to try to save a couple of bucks and I left disappointed. They might not have the cheapest prices in town, but Scott doesn't try to sell me things I don't need just to boost sales. I am staying in Tucson for a month and needed to have work done today and I drove up to Phoenix because I don't trust taking my car anywhere else.  I am going to Tulsa next week and can't afford a breakdown in west Texas.
1	do not go here, they rip you off..not even funny. took my old car in there awhile back and my clutch went out because it would go into gear so they replaced the clutch,about 2 weeks goes by and the same thing started happening, I took it back in they said my engine and tranny were coming apart and was missing the bolts.....hmmmmmm, so they didnt notice that before?? or did they do this on purpose I willnever ever trust this place, also they wanted another 1200 dollars at that time, bunch of scammers.
5	Scott runs a great shop and does what he says. He doesn't try to sell you things you don't need and thoroughly explains the options available. I have been a customer of the Tatum location for about 14 years and several vehicles but have found this Cave Creek location to be a little better. It's worth driving the extra distance to me to come here specifically to work with Scott and his team.
2	Really bad serivce getting my oil changed recently. I called prior to dropping my car off for an oil change and I asked if I needed an appointment.  The person on the phone so no not if you leave the car no appointment needed.  I get there and the person at the counter says I need an appointment.   This got me so mad and frustrated.  They did take my car after much complaining.  And then it was a hassle to pick up my car.  Only one person at the counter.  Took 15 mins to check out.  Come on its Sunday I need to go back home and watch my football game.  Even tho this place is a mile fr my house.  I won't return.  Bad service.
5	Been coming here for 20 years. Owners have always hired great people. Honest shop.  Never been disappointed.
