1	The kids on the bus go OMG! I will start out by saying that my kids do not, have not, and will NEVER go to this daycare. My daughter attends an elementary school in the area that this daycare picks up kids from. After school care for bigger kids I assume? The driver of this daycare's van tailgated me from about a mile down the block in a construction zone. She acted like she was going to swerve around me. It was a construction zone during school pick up time. There was traffic! The light turned red in front of me in front of the school. The driver honked at me repeatedly because I didn't run the red light! Then when I turned into the driveway, (she was still behind me) she blocked traffic in the street we turned in from for several minutes, then again tried to go around me in a full parking lot. Holy crap this lady is a psycho! She was driving a bus full of kids like that movie Speed, or maybe Mr. Toad's Wild Ride at Disneyland. I don't know about the daycare, but I would seriously pass on their transportation for sure.
5	I LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!!! They have a wonderful management team!  They made sure my child was comfortable, and well taken care of, the teachers are sweet, and kind!  This school understands young children and I have learned so much from them.  My child wants to go to school on the weekends and that says alot.  I am so happy I found this school. The owner even gave me her cell phone and told me I can call her at anytime.  This school loves kids and would never hurt them!  I would cant say anything bad about the school and I am a parent with a child enrolled!Araceli in the ones room is AWESOME!Dulce in the two's room is Terrific!Ms Jenn is the BOMB!!!  Pre-K ROCKS!Ms Sandy the school age teacher LOVES the kids and the kids love here!
5	This preschool is such a welcoming center! The staff is so friendly and loving. I love that all the classrooms play children's music all the time and the children are happy to be there. I also love the infant room it is so awesome
