4	Adonis is one of my fave places to come food shopping on a monthly basis!  I explain this as I usually limit myself to once a month to allow me to crave it in between visits.  This location opened up in the fall of 2013 and is a gargantuan sized store.  They specialize in anything Middle Eastern, Lebanese and Mediterranean.  What I think they excel in is many things!  Customer service is excellent and selection and price you can't beat!!  It's probably the cheapest place to come for sandwich meat in Quebec on a consistent basis with a huge variety!  One of my favourite's is the marinated meats!  We have been a fan of the chicken thigh souvlaki, shish taouk and recently I have delved into the lamb!  Also their seafood selection is excellent and price is very very reasonable.  Today they had fresh lobster for $9.99 in the dead of winter!  Try finding that at your IGA.  Their produce section is consistently much cheaper than any IGA, Metro, Maxi and they have much more selection!  Another few items I usually indulge in are the prepared chicken with rice, the seafood paella (so good and very reasonable) and of course some fresh pita bread and tabouleh salad. Sometimes with some fresh hummus or baba ghanoush!    **********A strong word of caution!!!!!!!*********    ONLY THE BRAVE COME HERE ON A SATURDAY OR SUNDAY AFTERNOON!!!!!  INCREDIBLY.....INSANELY....BUSY!!!!!!If you come during the weekend come first thing in the AM when all the weekend people are relaxing or sleeping in!  If you are not a morning bird good luck! Otherwise keep those elbows up you are going to have to defend yourself!  Adonis is a fantastic place to come if you are hosting and your guests are down with Middle Eastern food. ********Second word of caution !!!!!!!! They DO NOT accept credit cards. Cash or interac only!  SHOP....COOK........EAT.....ENJOY!
4	Probably the best Adonis in the Montreal area. Biggest with the grandest of selections. You go to Adonis to have high quality fruits and veggies, meat cuts as well as selection of good that you will NEVER find at Maxi at the prices that nearly match it that makes a complete mockery of IGA.This is not your mom and pop store, it's HUGE with several butchers working behind the counter, a pastry place as well as a fast food place where you can pick up some hot grub. I've never done this in this location but have in other locations and most items are a hit or miss variety.Word of caution, if you dislike huge crowds avoid this place on weekends. You've been warned. It's pretty insane and people are generally purposely being inconvenient to others (leaving the carts in the middle or lanes, being there in groups).The service is a hit or miss variety, you better hope the butchers or the meat cutters on duty are fresh and willing to work or expect to wait 5-15 minutes to get your cut.But all in all a great place to shop at.
