1	First off, they have no prices on their mailed menus or online, other than specials. And, when I called the kid who picked up was not friendly AT ALL! I decided to order the $16.99 pick 3 special, which I had a coupon for from Hungry Howies. When the rude kid gave me the total he said it was $24.+ . I asked why it was so much and he told  that the price had changed to $18.99 . I said, "well I have a non-expired coupon for $16.99." He then said, "well, the price has changed." I asked to speak to a manager. Manuel (supervisor) got on the phone. I told him I had a coupon and asked that since it was from Hungry Howies and there is no expiration date on it, will they honor it. He, at first said "no",then said "ok, that's fine, I'll go ahead and give it to you at $16.99. Not a big deal" I chose not to purchase the "deal" only because I was unsure of what they might do to my food. I did tell Manuel that the kid who I originally spoke with was rude and very unfriendly. I will no longer order pizza or any other "deal" from Hungry Howies. It was very upsetting to have to argue with staff and manager about honoring a unexpired coupon from their own company.
5	Love this place, the salads are fresh and the food fantastic, the new management is very kind, must try.
5	I love Hungry Howies Pizza.  The best part is the crust.  They provide a variety of flavors such as ranch, butter cheese, and herb and garlic, three of my favorites.  The staff is nice and friendly and my order is always ready by the quoted time.  They also usually have deals going on like $8 medium pizzas.  I am a definite fan.
5	Great service even better food! This is the best location over all others. Fast friendly service. Specials all the time.
5	We absolutely LOVED our food!  Hungry Howie's delivered our "baked subs/calzones" in a timely fashion; still very hot and sooo delicious!  We had the steak, mushroom and cheese and the Italian!  Both of them were loaded with delicious ingredients; the "bread/crust" was AMAZING!!!  We also decided on an order of 3 Cheese Howie Bread with garlic butter sauce on the side!!  I think I have found my new addiction!!!!  We will be ordering again......and SOON!!!!
5	I have been looking for one forever. The place was very clean and both of the workers where friendly with helping me place my order. I wish this store was by my house I would come here every week .
