5	Love this bar/restaurant one of the very few real Scottish ones left in the capital. If you like whisky and good food you will not find better anywhere , has huge variety of Whiskies as well as great fresh homemade food , Steak Pie is legendary in Edinburgh , staff are very good and has good selection of beers/lagers. Scottish band plays about 3 nights a week as well. Families welcome which is rare in Edinburgh.
5	Great selection of Scotch, naturally, as well as beers and cocktails.   Didn't try the food, but the music was great.  My boyfriend and I danced along and somewhere a couple of girls have video of us!  Great place.
5	What a great bar.  They have a truly impressive selection of whiskey from cheap and common to the kind that I clearly can't afford.  Great live music.  Helpful and polite bar staff.  And a fun atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.
3	This is your bog-standard Edinburgh tourist pub. It's named to attract tourist, it's decorated to attract tourists and it attracts tourists. It's very Scottish and very traditional, it embodies everything that is deemed Scottish. As a Scott, I avoid these places like the plague and I am reminded why when I go in - I'm almost a novelty to tourists when they hear my northern accent. No, this place is definitely not for me, but tourists lap this stuff up. Not very authentic, but a nice enough place if you're visiting.
4	Whiski is the kind of bar that will win the tourists over, while the locals will tend to head somewhere off the beaten track.Serving up a mixture of pub grub and traditional Scots dishes (like cullen skink), Whiski blends contemporary decor with a traditional feel.As the previous reviewers have said, it is quite a synthesized representation of the Scots pub, and it feels as though its existence is based on what tourists it can lure in. Nevertheless, I can imagine it would be quite charming to people travelling through Edinburgh, so it gets four stars from me since I can see its appeal to international guests. And when all is said and done, there's a good selection of booze behind the bar and well cooked food, so it's pleasant and popular with passer's by!
4	I was in here with my big brother last night, and found it a surprisingly large bit better than my previous experiences would suggest. The Royal Mile on a Saturday night during August can get a bit too much, littered with broken bottles and rowdy (but usually good natured) drunkards. Whiski managed to provide a safe haven from all this, and whilst still mobbed was almost relaxing.The manager cleared a table up the back so we could have a seat, they sold Wasabi Peas, and even the Bargain Basement Russel Brand singing in the corner had a couple of acceptable tunes up his sleeve.Surprisingly enjoyable.
5	Another stunning find in the Whisky Pilgrimage series.Some may call this a tourist trap. It is position in the centre of the touristy area, however, this place delivers a lot of whisky in a decent setting.Why do people need to complain? You get over 270 bottles of beautiful whisky and you don't need to get on a ferry and fight off Highland cows to get a bloody dram. Decent selection and some exceptional rare bottlings, make this worth a visit.
4	Whiski was a pleasant surprise for me.  I'd planned to meet a friend for drinks somewhere which was easily accessible for both of us, and unfortunately that landed us on the Royal Mile.  The Mile is very hit or miss in that it has a mix of pubs which are tourist trap central and places like Whiski which are really quite nice and would survive even without the tourist trade.We only had one drink in here but found the atmosphere and staff warm and inviting, and the beer tasty indeed.  I am definitely keen to head back here some time and hunker down with some food, a few more beers, and a selection of some whiskies I've not yet tried.
4	The Whiski Bar provides a atmosphere that screams Edinburgh.  I met a lot of locals who were friendly.  When in Edinburgh I frequent this place to talk politics and solve world peace with the more experienced Scottsmen and at night I go back to mingle with the more adventurous Scottsmen/women as this place as really inviting setting as a traditional pub.  My favorite drink on the menu is all the vintage Scotch Whiskey they have followed by the rest of the Scotch Whiskey.  If you got a cold and think it may not be a good idea to go to the Whiski Bar.. WRONG THINK AGAIN perfect place to go as their Whiski Hot Toddy can cure most cold's which I though was folk's tale but tried it first hand with a friend  and it helped us fight off some vicious flu like symptoms.  Their Cullen Sink soup is delicious and the Haddock and chips is good  and I don't even like Haddock Fish.  Usually there is a good lunch special that offers some good eats, also try the Steak Ale Pie and Haggis Tower. Slaandjivaa  /Cheers
4	Great food, great whiskey selection, a good time.  Went with a bunch of Scots and even they liked it.  I had the haggis which was divine.
4	Got Haggis tower. It is fine dining meets Haggis. It's delish. I also orderered whisky (Scotch, for us Americans) on 2 separate occasions.  Ask them for the whisky guide, it will help you choose from the giant selection of whisky. This place generally seems crowded and full of tourists.
5	I would die for their Sticky toffee pudding! Yumm!!
4	Great selection of whisky including a good sampling from every region of Scotland. The staff seemed pretty knowledgable about them too, so don't hesitate to ask for a recommendation.The food is great as well, especially compared to some of the awful traps found in and around the Royal Mile. Highly recommend the Haggis Tower and the Fish and Chips. The Steak and Ale pie was OK, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.Definitely a place worth checking out if you are hungry or want to stop in for some Whisky in old town Edinburgh.
5	I didn't expect to like this as much as I did - I think I was put off by the poor spelling! I went with a friend and we had a prime table in the window, out of the way of the big tables of Christmas-dinner groups. I can't give an extensive food review, as we started with olives and bread and then both had mussels with chips - but everything was just the best possible quality and tasted amazing. Huge pots filled with tender mussels in a rich creamy sauce, a pile of crispy-thin French fries - yum. The staff were everything you could ask for, too - friendly, helpful, and funny. I'll be going back, as soon as possible!
4	It's New Year's Day. 3pm. You and your post-NYE party pals are a tad hungover (or already on their hairs of the dog) and hungry. Where's open? Hmmm not many places. But what's this WHISKI Bar & Restaurant is. But it's on the Royal Mile. But it has good reviews on Yelp! But it might be a tourist-sell-out place on the Royal Mile. But it's the only place that's open and we're hungry and it does FOOD.So we went to WHISKI Bar & Restaurant. And I'm giving it a solid 4 stars. Yes, it's on the Royal Mile and this usual positioning, along with the Scottish-liqueor name, Scottish-decor, and Scottish-style pub food menu would make you think it might be similar to all the other overly-Scottish pubs on the main tourist street of Edinburgh, and therefore the food would be subpar.We were wrong. In fact, WHISKI isn't even OTT in it's decoration. It's just a really nice bar and restaurant. Old wooden furniture, obviously plenty of whiskies on offer which are all chalked up on a huge black board by category (Lowland, Peaty, Malty, Highland etc.)It was busy. It was New Years Day. But the floor manager was really friendly and got us seated at a larger table. The only grip is the food. Took. Forever. But I am willing to overlook this as it was New Year's Day, no one wants to be working New Year's Day let alone feeding hungover people, and they were probably short staffed. If I go back and it takes this long there's a problem. The food itself, when it came, was delicious. My fishcake (starter) was ma-hoosive and had delicious chunks of smoked salmon and trout. The burger that I got to try was nice, if a little dry, the chips all disappeared quickly, the soup portion was kinda small, but the sausages and mash looked amazing. As far as general gasto-pub fare along a Scottish theme goes, this stuff sas the best on the Royal Mile I'm sure.And they do have a lot of whiskies, and I think will know their stuff. So whether you're a tourist or a local I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in WHISKI. And as a case-in-note, that's not really how you spell it. And we don't call it Scotch Whisky here. We just call it whisky. Like they call Bombay Mix just Mix in Bombay. (Or do they?)
3	I had a little look through other reviews and think I may be the only one so far who was not really massively impressed by this place. It was a lovely Saturday afternoon and after a childish wee stroll through camera obscura I took my friend here for lunch. He is very much a soup and a sandwich type of bloke so the fact this was on the menu here was a bonus. We arrived and were told that there were no tables, even though I could quite clearly see one, and that they were unsure how long the wait would be. A couple of moments later this was corrected, and we were promptly seated.The menu here did not blow me away to be honest, pretty much as I expected, soup, sandwiches, the usual scottish fayre really. I had a salmon, lemon and creme fraiche sandwich and he ordered the sweet potato soup with a chicken mayo sandwich. There really was quite a wait for drinks, and for food. The system here seems very disorganised and they did not seem on the ball at all.The food arrived and it looked good at a brief glance. On further inspection, great big crusty bread for the sandwich, good move. Little to pretty much no filling, very disappointing. The soup, which I wish I had ordered, was very good. Then he bites into his sandwich to find that it is salmon too, not what he had ordered. But we had waited so long, and he is a boy, he will eat anything, so he did. Needless to say, I don't think he was too impressed.We then asked for the bill, went to pay, etc. We were not asked once if everything was alright or if we enjoyed our food, which to me is just common courtesy. Overall, I had high hopes which sadly were not met. Maybe another time.
2	This wasn't chosen by me as it was a social event for a course I'm taking. They handled the large group well, although we had pre-ordered the food so it wasn't too difficult, apart from the people who forgot what they ordered (there's always one).Really nice place, of course great position above the Mound. Cosy wooden interior and then good view outside. Great for warming up after being outside in the cold. However the food wasn't great - our venison was rather chewy and some people barely touched it. The soup starter was fine but no butter came with the bread.The price was to be expected for the location, although the beer was very expensive and one might have expected a little more from the food for that price.
4	I had intended to avoid WHISKI because the cutesy spelling of the name and it's location on the Royal Mile made me think this was a tourist trap of self-important trendiness. It reminded me of all of the "ultra-lounges" at the corporate-run Las Vegas resorts. However, when I decided that I wanted try haggis, a few folks suggested WHISKI as a good place to go. WHISKI is nice and classy, but not to the point that I felt underdressed. The menu is definitely aimed at tourists and serves mostly what one would think of as "traditional Scottish fare" (not to be confused with "typical Scottish fare" which usually seems to include Tikka Masala). I ordered the haggis tower (with neeps and tatties) and found it to be excellent. My wife had fish and chips and said they were great. The whiskey selection was unsurprisingly broad. The prices were a little higher than you would get elsewhere, but you expect that in a nicer tourist place right on High St.
4	We have been there twice during our stay in Edinburgh. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable to help you to choose your "perfect" Whisky. They have a huge selection of Whiskies available. The prices are very reasonable and they even offer some tasting menues that provide a great selection varying on your experience and taste. I can surely recommend this place if you want to try some great Whisky. We haven't eaten there, but the menu looked appealing as well.
4	My last breakfast in Edinburgh before hopping on the plane back to Dublin. Was extremely happy I came in! The people were nice, and the food was outstanding. I had the full breakfast and for the price I thought it was loaded with food. All of it was very good too, not bland or a cheap tourist imitation. I really liked this place and was disappointed I hadn't gone in earlier.Also, I can imagine that it's a pretty cool place in the evenings. They have live music every night and a ton of Scotch Whisky to try if you're into that sort of thing. Very cool place.
3	This location of the Whiski Bar and Restaurant is just as touristy as its Royal Mile location makes it, but to me it felt cramped and unwelcoming. The place always seems to be packed with happy customers who keep bumping into one another at the seating area and at the bar, and I don't see how everyone rates it so highly. I was disappointed in this location and feel that its sister location just up the street and around the corner is far more classy, welcoming, relaxing, and fun.
5	We were looking for a nice place for some late night food and perhaps, some entertainment and we read good reviews of this place. We found the food pretty good and the dessert was excellent! They have some kind of performance every night of the week and ours was Traditionally folk songs. The performers gave such a rousing performance that some of the guests joined them in the clapping and singing! Very good experience indeed.
2	Came in for a drink, and whilst they had a lot of whisky (as the name suggests) it was *very* expensive and rather cramped!
5	Amazing place to eat with one of the best whiskey selections in Edinburg. The service was great, the people friendly and the food was delicious. We got a flight of whiskey and had to stop ourselves from getting a second. I got the whiskey burger and it was delicious. Scottish cows are yummy!This was our first stop in Scotland and it didn't disappoint.
4	Whiki is a bar on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.  The first time I went the bar tender recommended a really good beer, so A+ for the drinks. I also had the food here, which I think was a little ordinary but still decent for the price. So recommended for a drink or a drink with food. Perhaps not ideal if you're just after food.
4	On High street in Edinburgh.  Yes that is the tourist main drag.  Decorated in old pub style and elaborate.  Beer is a little more expensive because you are on the main drag.  Have nice Celtic music every evening so great place to chill with no cover charge.  Did not try the food.
4	A step up from typical bar food, with a corresponding small increase in the prices. Eccentric decorating and a varied beer menu. Of course, the scotch whiskey selection is extensive!
4	We stopped in here since it was the closest, open, bar to our hostel on our first night visiting Edinburgh. The decor was very nice, and the people-watching was even better. The crowd skewed mostly older but there were several incredibly attractive and well dressed women in their 30's here when we stopped in.There was a folk guitar band playing, which was a little too mellow for our tastes. The selection of whiskeys though was phenomenal, and the bartenders were very skilled. The whiskey sour and hot toddy were particularly good! It's a very upscale and classy place.The bathrooms were clean, and had a goofy condom dispenser that sold "Whiskey Flavored Condoms". We got a good laugh out of that, especially the fine print "Do not Use While Driving".Good place to stop for a meal and a warm-up drink before heading out for the clubs.
5	Just had our 1st visit here and it didn't disappoint. The service was great, really friendly and attentive. The food, well where do I start, we ordered the Whiski burger and the fish and chips. The fish was so fresh and light, the peas that accompanied the fish reminded me of pick peas in the pod when I was a kid. Now the burger - possibly the best burger I have ever had. Crispy bun, beautiful haggis and the best beef every. Would highly recommend. Great pub atmosphere. They don't take reservations for food but just turn up and be amazed. If you have to wait a the bar for a table, the selection of drinks will not disappoint.
4	We stopped in here because of rain and tired feet. It's a nice pub complete with TVs to watch the Olympics and enjoy some dinner. The burger with haggis, onions, tomato relish, and bacon was great. We had never tried haggis before. I imagined I wasn't going to like it because American food tv shows made it sound so awful!! It was delicious and really made the burger pop. I wasn't in love with the actual burger patty, but all the toppings were so good it made up for the patty being too tightly packed. The fish and chips were also very tasty. We didn't drink anything, but it appeared to have a large selection of local beer and whiskey drinks to enjoy.
4	We stopped in for dinner & drinks at the Whiski on a Friday night based on recommendation from our hotel concierge.  Very glad we did.  The place was quite busy, and is obviously popular with locals as well as us tourists.  After notifying one of the employees we'd like to wait for a table, we sidled up to the bar for a round of drinks.  There were a couple of parties waiting ahead of us, and a couple more parties waiting behind us.  To the credit of the waitress, she kept all our groups in sequence and seated each group promptly as a table opened up.Food was very good pub food, much better than the standard greasy Brit pub food.  Our group had the salmon, a burger, and a couple orders of steak & ale pie...not to mention a few more drinks.  All the food was great, and the portions very generous.  I'm a pretty good eater, and was unable to finish my own meal.We ended up staying past our meal to see the live band who started playing about 10pm.  They were a local group of Scots playing American bluegrass music.  I'm not a particular fan of bluegrass, but this band was still pretty enjoyable.Throughout our experience at the Whiski, have to give special compliments to our waitress Chloe, she was awesome!  Took very good care of us, friendly, and made us feel at home.
5	Excellent bartenders.  Theo was great in introducing us to some new single malts.  They have a large selection.  Food was solid Scottish fare with great, attentive service.
4	Great place to get a lively feel of Edinburgh without the tourist traps (although there were a lot of tourist in there). Space is tight. Food is good. And they have several awesome whiski flights! Great place to get a feel for Scottish pub food followed by some whiski sampling.
5	I always enjoy stopping in here on my Edinburgh layovers. The food is excellent, they have live music every night after 10pm and the bar tenders are super knowledgable about Whisky!I enjoy Whisky, but am by no means an expert. I always ask for recommendations and am never disappointed. The bar tenders will help you select a Whisky that suits your taste and will tell you the story behind it. Definitely recommend this place for someone who wants to explore Whisky and get some good Scottish food to soak it up.
4	Great pub to stop in and sample lots and lots of different scotches. My husband and I were here just for drinks and a little snack. They have scotch flights available, which is a nice touch if you want to sample a variety. Not being a scotch drinker myself, I had a wonderful few glasses of the Thistle Cross apple cider which they have on tap and it's wonderful. Much much much better than the sickly sweet Bulmers everywhere else. My husband had a great time talking to the bartenders to identify really peaty scotches to drink, and they were very helpful in pointing him to new things to try. We had chips with cheese as a snack - they were standard good but a rather small serving size.
4	We had a fabulous experience here! Specifically with a bartender named Jamie. He helped me find my new favorite which I promptly went out and bought. A new start! It's got great atmosphere, the bathrooms are clean, and the people are very friendly. I can't comment on the food because we only stopped in for drinks, but it looked good. Highly recommended
5	I was in Edinburgh for the day - intersecting with several college friends of mine who had flown in from all over the world for our 25-year reunion - before heading for a week of whisky-tasting in Speyside. The day we all arrived coincided with the fabulous Fringe Festival (a different review for that!), so we all went to Old Town Edinburgh to check out the scene and try some haggis. After striking out at a couple of other locations, we stumbled upon The Whiski - what a nice and friendly restaurant this was - and an official Fringe Festival venue as well. They seated us outside, where we could watch all that was going on with the festival and enjoy the rare sunshine. First "course" was a round of light beer, consumed in short order by our thirsty group, followed by stronger and darker IPA, which our Australian server ("you've come a long way, mate!") recommended as it "paired" well with our meal orders of haggis and freshly-caught Scottish salmon. The haggis was a revelation - I tried it with anticipation, others in our group with a little trepidation (after checking Wikipedia, which I don't think helped their cause!). The portions looked small but were dense and filling, and the sheep organ meat embedded in the oatmeal "mash" was divine - flavorful and spicy (must've simmered for hours!). I shamelessly and happily polished off what the others did not want! Our second course of baked Scottish salmon was more to the groups liking. The salmon was freshly-caught as advertised and baked perfectly, with a nice crisp to the skin. I enjoyed it, but it was a distant second to the haggis in my book. More rounds of beer followed (I stopped after my customary two drinks), and then we headed off into the heart of the Fringe Festival - hunger satisfied - ready to experience what Edinburgh had to offer.
4	My first venture in here, I wasn't sure what to think.  It felt difficult to get attention for service.  But then it warmed up.  The staff turned out to be very friendly and helpful.  The whisky list is monstrous and the food is pretty good.  I ended up coming back a few times during my visit and standing around the bar and listening to music was a most enjoyable way to kill a few hours (and brain cells).  When someone says "Whiski", there's Whiski Bar and Restaurant and then their sister establishment, Whiski rooms.  While related, don't confuse the two.
5	What a fab pub with lots of atmosphere, fab food and all the whiski u could want.  In the evenings from 9.30 onwards they have music so this place has it all. The decor is traditional with stag heads, photo's and Scottish memorabilia but with a bit of kitch like fairy lights.  Tables of 10 and more can make a booking otherwise just turn up have a drink or two and wait for a table to become available.  I had the haggis tower with a whiskey sauce tatties and neeps, gorgeous and very filling.  The house made chorizo and pork sausages,mash and onion gravy, banging.  The whiskey cheese cake and cranachan should not be missed.  Without shadow of a doubt I would recommend this place, miss this miss out. Xoxo
5	Went for dinner on New Year's Eve, our smily, pint-sized waitress was lovely and attentive and friendly; when she realised we'd been waiting quite a while for our food, she apologised profusely and gave us a discount off our bill .  Haggis tower - yum! The service at the sister restaurant on Bank St was also great.
5	This place... everything is good.  1. Cullen Skink SO good... I don't know how to put it.  We wanted six bowls of this.2. Rump Steak perfectly cooked, great whiskey sauce.3. Haggis Tower so good, fresh, delicious.4. Sticky Toffee Pudding yes this is good too!!! WITH ice cream!!Service is good too.  But the food... the best.
4	Netter Laden, fachkundige Bedienung und eine gute whisky-Auswahl. Leider Royal-Mile-Preise.
