5	This place is the SH*T!!! Alex the owner is cool as hell. Real kick back shop and real professional. I've had the same Berber for 5+ years but I moved north and the drive was killing me. I gave "The Spot" a shot and homeboy delivered. Great cut, hot towel AND a shoulder massage (no homo) for $12! Even his little bald friend cut really good! Hey if u live in the area and need a good fade or whatever then check this place out. It's definitely worth it.
2	I thought this place was the shit but after a few months I was dying to find another shop. The cuts are inconsistent, Alex is full of shit (I was told that I could get a cut anytime, even after hours and he would hook it up but when I actually had to take him up on this offer he refused), you're stuck listening to Russian the whole time and it gets very hot in his shop. It's not worth it because your cut will be great or it will suck. You are MUCH better off going to Najib's down the road. I had written my original review for this place after the first visit... Lesson learned.
5	New to the area, read the reviews and recognized a skunk when I read the crap posted about this place.  Its close by so I slipped on in for a cut and was it ever wonderful!!  Make an appointment is the preferred method.A very precise haircut followed by an "old-school" shave and a fabulous hot towel and message!!  Great conversation and I am a very happy customer!!  So glad to find a legit CLEAN barber shop!
5	Oleg, the guy who buys gold and silver was great! He was honest and even hooked me up, i definitely recommend him
5	I've been here twice, had 2 different barbers, and 2 great hair cuts. I had no wait either time. $14. I recommend The Spot.
5	My brother came home today from work with a fresh haircut (as usual) and it reminded me to leave a review for his barbershop. Not only that, but all his friends go see Alex or Oleg and I'm constantly complimenting them on their hairstyles. My brother and his friends are all Middle Eastern, so they have THICK hair and full grown caveman beards... Alex and Oleg always figure out how to tame it and make it look fresh. It's also conveniently located right near Arrowhead... I always recommend this barbershop to everyone looking for a new barber.
5	When my CostCutters connect had to stop working temporarily, I decided to make the move to a locally owned barbershop instead. After reading reviews of The Spot on Yelp I decided to give them a try. It is everything that Yelp raves about and more. Quick, walk-in service (although Alex prefers an appointment so at least try calling first!) with a very reasonable price ($14, and don't forget to tip!) for a clean old-fashioned cut, neck/sideburn shave, and shoulder massage. My first trip there, Alex provided the best cut of my life and I have come back ever since.Good laughs and conversation, and good vibes overall. There's usually sports on the TV and hip-hop on the radio which are bonus points in my book. As a brown man, it is hard to find a decent barber who can deal with an abundance of thick hair. Alex is Russian, and clearly has some expertise in this regard. Check out Alex at The Spot if you are in need of a solid, reliable barber. I am sure glad I found this place.
5	Best place in town. You will always have that bright smile on your face when you leave. TV, music, and friendly workers. If you need a cut I prefer this place over any place been going here since I was a kid. 5 stars all day!
5	Best value for your dollar, bar none.I've been to many different barber shops in several different cities across the US, and this is the best deal I've ever had. Alex, the proprietor, will cut your hair exactly the way you want it for $14. Afterwards, he'll take out his straight-edge razor and shave your neck, along with a warm wet towel on your head and a shoulder massage. Best barber shop in Glendale.
5	Best barber in the valley! I have been going here for several years and I couldn't be happier. Alex and his crew are highly skilled and people oriented, I highly recommend giving them a try!
5	If your looking for a fast cheap haircut this is definitely not the place for that!! But in this case that's a good thing. I can't say anything bad about this place. I tried it for the first time yesterday and now I think I'm gonna keep coming back. They do great work there. And if you go with your child they have a father son discount, it's not a lot but a discount is a discount. If your gonna go here I recommend calling ahead bcuz all these guys are so good that they have a list of regular clients that just keep coming. The barber I had remembered what style haircut each person wanted like they were his buds. They do it all here so if you need a beard trim to go with your haircut they got you! Definitely will recommend this place to everyone
5	Alex is the best barber. I have been coming to him for over 10 years. When he is off or on vacation I wait until he is back. Always look forward to coming in as the great conversation to be had is just as good as the haircut.
5	I'm a 40-something year old man who has, for the first time in his life, decided to grow out his beard. Well, mostly goatee, but some beard as well.It's gotten a bit unruly, to say the least. I've tried trimming it myself. I tried one other "barber shop" (that went horribly wrong). I wasn't quite sure what to do.I actually googled my zip code and "beard trim", and came across this page. The reviews were pretty good, and the shop wasn't too far from me. I filed it away in the back of my head.Fast forward a few weeks, and the beard's really getting bad. I decide that it's time to find out exactly where this place is and head over. As it turns out, it's 3 doors away from the gym I go to pretty much every day. Wow.Stopped by today (Friday) before a class at the gym. No appointment and the place was packed. This was about 3:45 on a Friday. Everybody was very friendly, but I didn't have time to wait, so I made an appointment for Monday. After my class, I figured i'd pop back over (it was about 5:40 and they close at 6:00. The owner was standing outside, saw me walking over, and invited me in.Had a seat, had pleasant conversation, and the trim looks great. Exactly what I wanted. Not so much trimmed as much as "cleaned up". It's spot on perfect. The warm towel and shoulder massage afterwards were a nice bonus that I'd read about here, but had forgotten about.Definitely an old school barbershop. Down to earth barbers, down to earth customers. Lots of good conversation, joking around, and skilled people doing the work.After my first unfortunate experience at a different place (that I don't want to name, as it might have been my fault for not clearly explaining what I wanted), I'm thrilled to have found a place that does such a great job. Not only that, but it's a fun time while the work is being done. Highly recommended.
