5	I appreciated the courtesy, professionalism & customer service of this company. They personally took my call to schedule the appointment. They described their product used and how it works. They agreed to avoid my garden. They advised me of where the discovered 14 scorpions using their black light (and they explained the high season for scorpions is June & July, so this was a lot of scorpions)! Their prices are reasonable for their excellent service, their proven results (14 scorpions & that is just the ones they saw that they killed, not the ones the product will continue to kill), and their availability. I will definitely be using them again and recommending them to my friends and family!!
5	The guys from Nusense came to my house a few months ago right after I had a scary interaction with a scorpion. They were easy to get a hold of, had prompt scheduling, and got to my house exactly when they said they would. They were incredibly thorough and explained their process as they went through the house. They were meticulously detailed outside, even spraying underneath all of my patio seat cushions. They were very informative but never tried to upsell me on anything. Afterwards, they walked me through their different deals for repeated services (super affordable). Deals include: Monthly service: $40, Bi-monthly: $70, Quarterly: $100.  They also have a refer a friend, get 1 service free special. Then your friend gets his/her third service free!All in all, I was very happy with my experience. We were critter free for the past two months. I just saw a scorpion today so will be calling them back out for another spraying (fact of life here in AZ). I'm glad I have guys like Nusense who I can call in moments like this!
5	THE BEST!!!  We moved into our house in April of this year.  We had a lot of crickets, a couple scorpions, and a couple spiders.  Ever since Brian has been coming, if we see something, it's usually dead!  Cheap pricing and great customer service, not to mention the best peace of mind I've ever had living in Arizona 8 years!
