1	I haven't even lived there and I'm writing a review because of how horrible my phone call was just now. I talked to a leasing agent who basically did not listen to a word I said. I was very clear in my needs and what I wanted (1 bed, no pets, etc etc), and she sounded like she was reading a script the entire time. Telling me about the amenities and the wonderful parking and blah blah blah, I finally had to ask her just to give me the prices. I said I wanted a short term lease, under a specific budget, and needed to move in by a specific date. Continuing with reading off a sheet of paper she starts listing all the 1 bedrooms they have that are out of my price range, exceeding the date I need, and not even considering the short term lease I asked for. When I finally said "It sounds like there's nothing there that fits what I need, thank you" she hung up on me! If this is how they treat prospective tenants... yikes.
1	Terrible leasing company, oh my god. I lived there for two years and when I moved out, I got a huge bill with a LONG list of random cleaning and miscellaneous fees. I couldn't believe the extent they nickel & dimed me, very disappointing. It's a nice complex, good location, but after experiencing their customer service, it's not worth it -trust me, keep looking, you will find a MUCH better complex in the same area. Maintenance was also so-so, it took three separate requests on my part to get them to fix my ice maker. The office lady was very condescending on numerous interactions, and overall it's just an unsatisfactory place to live.
1	I've lived in several different apartment complexes but this one has to be the worst I've ever had to deal with. At first it seemed like everything was fine, the place seemed decent enough and it was conveniently located. But as soon as everything was signed and done, they changed their behavior. The front office people became condescending, closed off and rude. Trying to get them to help out with any issue took more than one phone call EACH TIME. The apartments were cheap, as others have said, you can hear EVERYTHING. Things break and the issues aren't addressed, because as i said before, trying to get their help is impossible.Simply put, just stay away. They just want your money and that's all they care about. They'll treat you great before you sign and then they'll just screw you over. If I could give zero stars I would.
2	The apartments are in great shape. The maintenance crew is so friendly and helpful. The hardest part for me is how rude the manager is. I like Christine! She is the one who signed us up with our apartment. I think she would be a great manager! The current one is so snotty and rude. She makes me feel bad for having to pick up packages that the post office sends me. She also got mad at me for requesting the office to print out something for me. The resident business center printers haven't worked here for 10 months and I needed something printed out. Part of the reason I moved here was the business center because I need it for school. Anyway, unbeknownst to me, I wasn't allowed to request the office to print 57 pages. The guy at the desk printed it anyway and the manager got mad at me! She scowled at me as she handed them to me. She is the definition of a B****. I have never encountered anyone so rude, especially from an apartment complex.
1	DO NOT waste your time renting here. The property manager Kelly is a TERROR. Rude and unhelpful. Completely unacceptable conditions upon move in and a maintenance staff who's excuses rival a 3 year old who got caught in the cookie jar. I suggest if they pride themselves on honesty, transparency and respect they need to find a new property manager ASAP. I plan to take my complaints about the property conditions, attitude of the property manger and maintenance staff as far as I can. Looks like this isn't the first horrible review of the property manager either. The regional office has offered no help or solution, I have been trying to contact Tammy the Regional office manager for 1 month. Where is corporate in this mess?????? If I could rate ZERO stars I would. How sad that there are SO many negative reviews about Kelly and her attitude problem and you have a rating one 1.5 stars (probably only because yelp forces you to rate at least 1 star) and still nothing has been done to correct her problem. She cried in her office to my boyfriend because she couldn't handle the truth about the condition of my apartment upon move in. REAL PROFESSIONAL!!!!!!
1	We enjoyed living here for 3 years; however, when we bought a house we put in our 60 day notice. We kept the apartment immaculate and were never late on payments. They wanted to do the walk through without us; however, I insisted that my father-in-law be present since it was after our move out date and I didn't trust them to give an accurate move out quote. I wanted to be proactive and called a couple days after the walk through to find out if we would be getting our deposit back or if there were any charges. They told me they couldn't help me and told me someone else dealt with move outs and would call me as soon as they returned to the office. Of course, they never called. I called again and got the same response. Assuming this was the second time I went out of my way to find out about the deposit, I assumed they would have this person call me back. Nope! I called a THIRD time, still no one could help me except this ONE person who clearly doesn't do her job. I finally had my father-in-law go to the office because at this point it was a month after our move out date. He spoke with the manager Kelly, who gave him a long story about how they take photos and it goes to the corporate office and someone would get back to us soon. Being proactive proved to not work with this company. Tonight, we received a letter titled "Urgent attention requested by Christine Hambric, the assistant manger who was supposed to return four of my requests." It states that the "balance due for the apartment has been held from collections for WELL OVER 30 days. If no contact is made, the balance will be referred to collections." My husband and I are furious. Not only did we contact them 4 times in the last month and a half, but they have never returns my calls and this is the first time we have heard from them. There is not even an explanation of the fees. The letter just states that it will go to collections if it is not paid in a week. The office will be hearing from me bright and early tomorrow. If they don't resolve this, I will contact those at the corporate office. This is no way to treat people that were always on time with payments, clean, and respectful residents. I am not a person that writes poor reviews and find that we are very easy going people. However, I cannot believe that a company could treat good residents like this. Do yourself a favor and don't live here. I'm extremely disappointed.
3	LOL at the reviewer who doesn't like the noise because it makes her dog bark. Is this really the mentality of noisy dog owners? Newsflash: Apartment complexes have noise, perhaps you and your annoying dog should move. Anyway, I've been here for several years, no real complaints. Service requests are handled quickly, it's quiet on my end, and no probs (yet) with the office.
2	PRO's:-overall, I like the inside of the apartments - "hard wood" floors -they are laminate hard wood I think, full size washer & dryer, and walk in closets. It's not updated with granite counters, etc but you are getting what you pay for-for me, the location is close to work and friends which is why I chose this place. Cactus 42 next door is the newest/nicest place in the general location, but it's also more expensive-dog friendly-the pool area is nice-they have a gym - it's not very fancy but has the basics for working outCON'S:-when I moved in, my apartment was in less than stellar condition: stains on sink countertop, sink is scratched up and worn, dead bug in washing machine, dried jelly on the kitchen floor, dirty/dusty lights, ceiling fan was (and still is) clicking, no plug for bath tub, crooked blinds, the oven wasn't working or plugged in (not sure - I had to call them to fix it), screen on window popped out, the light in ceiling fan burnt out after a couple days, random wear and tear spots on wood floor and spots on walls/ceilings, and one of the mail box keys they gave me didn't work (you would think they would check these things - just my opinion - also, it has been about 2 weeks since I requested a new key and still have not gotten it!)-the soda machine outside the apartment ate my money - I reported to apartment and they said they will contact vendor to fix-cracked sidewalk outside my apartment - I am afraid my clumsy kid will trip on this-I get poor cell reception in my apartment - 9 out of 10 times I have to go outside to take phone calls-a few months before I transferred units, my apartment started smelling like rotten eggs after I washed clothes. I reported it to the complex and they came and looked at it a couple of times, but the smell wouldn't go away. It sounded like it was an in issue in the entire building, but it was nasty smelling for at least 24-48 after laundry each time-my ceiling fan fell off the ceiling and shattered on my bedroom floor and bed. My daughter and her Dad were in the room - her Dad got hit in the head by one of the blades from the fan-I can hear my neighbors "too well" in my apartment - the walls are thin I guess but I know when they are in the bathroom and the lady above I can hear pretty well -I once had to stay in a hotel for 3 or 4 nights while they did repairs on my bathroom. They never did tell me exactly what was wrong, but one day I came home and there was a giant hole cut out of the wall in the bathroom. Then they said they needed me out of the apartment for a few days while they do repairs. I think you can see the trend that these apartments are old and need fixing. I wish the complex paid more attention to detail and the condition of these apartments before they are occupied. This incident was 1 year before a pipe burst in my apartment (see below)......Just recently a pipe in my bathroom burst and flooded my apartment. They did move me to a new unit, but my impression is that corporate was only worried about covering their own a**. It was very stressful to have to hire a restoration company, work with the insurance, move everything out, transfer APS, Cox, etc., change of address and I asked Greenspoint for some type of "I am sorry this happened"  thing, such as free rent/reimbursement for lost wages, etc. for having to deal with the flood and move, and they said no. It was really frustrating they wouldn't do anything and said insurance can cover things like wages lost and transfer for service fees (but insurance doesn't cover this). I am not here to bash Greenspoint, but from reading the above I am sure you can get a sense of this place.
1	WORST PLACE EVER!!! Office people were very rude to me many times......when our lease was up they changed our locks before our lease date was up and STOLE our remaining stuff!!! Cute apartments but HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT!!!! when I asked for our stuff back they "couldn't" find it. They seemed very nice when signing the lease but turned out to be rude! Don't move here!!
5	I am so happy to call Greenspoint my home. The management office (Kelly, Christine, David, and Nicole) are awesome and so pleasant to work with! The maintenance crew is just as good. If I need any type of maintenance, they are always there or at least notify me if they need to reschedule because of an emergency. They are always careful when they need to do any maintenance work as to not let my cat out. I've actually caught the guys talking to her - very cute. I like to call all the employees my friends - no my FAMILY! They continuously strive to make our complex an exceptional place to live! I don't plan on moving out unless I relocate or buy a house again. I'm a very happy resident!
