5	OMG this place is good. A great and pleasant surprise to find Pinkberry at the Charlotte Airport.Delicious frozen yogurt with an absolutely amazing selection of toppings. Some healthy, some not so much. But all so good.Now I'm wishing we'd get Pinkberry in Southeastern PA.
4	Many other "Pinkberry" type of stores have popped up from coast to coast but nothing compares to the original. I love that you can have fresh fruit with your fro-yo. It is always nice to hvae a 'refreshing' treat that doesn't make you feel horrible afterwards. The basic concept is you choose your fro-yo flavor (ranging from vanilla to chocolate to sometimes more adventurous flavors) and then you choose your fresh toppings. I always love some mango or some strawberries.
4	Polite, friendly service and delicious yogurt. Had the peanut butter yogurt with strawberries and cinnamon toast crunch. Great treat for the plane & made the flight attendants jealous!...it's time you come to Seattle, PB!
3	This is your average Pinkberry. Forgive me for the 3 stars but in all honesty I have had much better Fro-Yo elsewhere.Portions are average size but toppings are on the skimpy side. If I'm paying $1.45 or however much it is for a topping I expect more than the measly 8 or 9 Mochi balls you get *sad face* That's the best part after all.There's 6 flavors with a couple dozen topping's to choose from including cereals, fruits, cookies & candies as well as flavored sauces & honey.Great location though as you can kill some time waiting for your flight or grab a cup just as you board and enjoy it during the flight (if you haven't eaten it all by the time you take off of course).
2	I decided to get Yogurt as my plane was boarding at the gate next to PB (Genius, I know). I've never had Froyo from this particular company, but everyone I know raves about it. I couldn't figure out why the line was kind of slow, then I realized that employees serve you. When it was finally my turn, I ordered the Peppermint Froyo. The staff member was pleasant and suggested some toppings to go with it. My Froyo was delicious and everyone I encountered at PB were so sweet and helpful, but it's just not for me. I prefer self serving joints with more than four Froyo flavors to choose from(maybe they were out, it was the week of Christmas). Also, I got a small and I paid $5 for a treat that I normally spent $2 on.
4	Got a nice yogurt parfait here- YUM!!!  Various flavors of yogurt (I got original and pomegranate) layered with a mix of berries and kiwi and granola on top- a perfect breakfast start!!  SO glad this is in this airport!!
5	Went here with a class at the airport where we got to sample some food. Pinkberry was delicious. Far and away the best frozen yogurt I've had. The caramel yogurt was soft and creamy, and all of the toppings I had on it (caramel sauce, nuts, oreo, gummy bears) were exceptional. The staff are very pleasant, and hand you the bowl in a certain way with palms up since the creator of Pinkberry was Korean (Korean tradition). Nice touch. I'll definitely return next time at CLT.
4	Great surprise to see a Pinkberry in an airport. Got the tart with strawberries, blueberries & granola. It was around $8 - pricey - but definitely worth it. The amount of toppings they had & the available flavors were great.
4	Super quick location which is important when between flights.  Staff seems just THRILLED to be at work.  Then again, I really don't care, just give me that frozen amazeness.  If you've never had Pinkberry, you have to try it!
3	We walked 20 min through the airport to get here! Green Tea ok, more like ice cream. i could barely taste the difference between coconut and plain. Plain melts slower. The plain was a bit strange here. But overall, same ol Pinkberry!
5	Pinkberry is amazing no matter where you go but it's a must do If you are in CLT!!!
4	Pinkberry remains supreme in the world of froyo. Many froyo copycats have sprung up across America but they just don't have that perfect amount of tartness that pinkberry does so well. Call me a froyo snob but it's true! My 3 hr layover is made is made so much better after finding out there was a pinkberry here. There is not one at home so I aim to get some whenever I come across a shop. This airport one lived up to my expectations.
4	Heard about Pinkberry for a few years (I think the first time was on "Curb Your Enthusiasm", so it's clearly a West Coast thing), but had never been to one until I walked past this one making a connecting flight at the Charlotte Airport.  Of course, I had to try it. Delicious - forget the daily flavors and try to original with melted chocolate over it. Decadent.
5	Seriously - what is in this stuff??? I've only had Pinkberry about 4 times in my life, but every single time, it has been a pretty transcendent experience. The girls who work at this location were super friendly, despite having to deal with some typical a-hole travelers.
