4	Great place to shop for suits, ties, and dress clothes at reasonable prices.
2	Ghetto
1	It used to be a cool place to go and look for awhile and find something really cool! Like a new top or a cute dress. I don't know what happened. Now it's just sad. Probably better to not waste your time. Maybe go to Ross instead.
3	Great prices, but a total c-fuk of a mess. We'll be going to the Mills location.
5	Doug is phenomenal. He knew exactly what size and cut suit I needed by just looking. He is the reason I will return to this store.
5	Awesome bargains and prices! I have found a new shopping spot without having to feel guilty.
1	Do not shop here! If you use any kind of markdowns they give you a hard time with returns and will not give you the full amount back. Manager Alex was kind enough to let us know of there was nothing that could be done to recover what we spent.
3	Compared to the location I prefer (Ironically, Desert Sky), this Burlington is a little more...uh...humble than I expected, hence the "Warehouse" moniker. As you should expect, there's a great selection of athletic wear. It's that time of year when we bandwagon futbol for FIFA, and there's racks on racks of sporty soccer shirts and jerseys. Prices are very reasonable. I made my way toward other athletic wear, and was delighted to find tons of shorts made for long-legged guys like me. I appreciate it. Of course, there will be the dressy selection as well. It was just a little bit small for my taste. I'm also underwhelmed by shirt sizes. Places like H&M, Van Heusen, or even Banana Republic have 36/37 sleeves without assuming the customer will be like 400 pounds. I feel like I would have to get the most simple items tailored. Bummer. At least the tie selection is very stylish, and has surprisingly low prices. If I want something casual, IDK about this store. I didn't find much as far as jeans. What a bummer. Still though, it's worth a shot if you're looking for cheap workout clothes, or maybe a nice shirt/tie for you men out there of average height.
3	I have been to this BCF on a few different occasions. The selections vary depending on what you're looking for. There are tons of options for juniors, but I felt that the "women's" section was lacking. Their shoe selection is hit or miss; there are lots of shoes for all sizes, but it's really disorganized (missing shoes, shoes in the wrong size section, etc). The service is good while walking around the store (I usually have at least one employee greet me), but when you get to the register, the cashiers seem less than thrilled to be working there.
2	Not so great in my view. I recently stopped in Burlington twice in the last month, purchasing over $100.00 of shirts and a down jacket. These are my observations: 1. The store is not clean. It reminds me of Ross in the sense that there are always lots of clothes on floor or in the wrong place and the employees seem content to just talk to each other instead working to make the place organized and clean. 2. For being a "coat factory" their selection was dismal. Honestly, after seeing their selection I actually decided to try my luck looking for a jacket online rather then buy an overpriced jacket that has been sitting on the floor. 3. Staff is not friendly. I went to the dressing room to try on a few things and the gal at the front was talking to another employee and wouldn't acknowledge me until I asked for her attention (I was standing in front of her). 4. If the tag is wrong, prepare to be overcharged. I bought a jacket and apparently it was a part of another system jacket, which I didn't know. The cashier decided the only reasonable thing to do was to charge me for the full price of the entire system jacket, despite the fact that there was no other part to that jacket on the racks or anywhere else I could see. "It's still the same price" she said. Gee, thanks. 5. Prices not that great compared to their competitors. Dillard's clearance center is in MetroCenter Mall down the street and they have similar items, cheaper, better brand names, and far greater selection in my view. Try them first before going here.
1	Not enough check out lanes open. Was ignored by at least one staff member when asking for information. The clothing was so unorganized had to search all for right size. Many items were not priced.  Better off going someplace else. You may pay a couple more dollars (prices are not that low) but you will not have the hassles and will likely not be treated rudely.
