4	Cheeburger Cheeburger in the Tempe Marketplace has only been open for two weeks and this showed in the nervousness of the staff and the slowness of the kitchen. That said, the food we got in the end was great for what it was- diner burgers.You pick your burger size, from 5.5 oz (pre-cooked) through 20 oz, and if you finish the latter, you get your picture on the wall of fame. Hubby and I both had the 7 oz burger, which was plenty big. You choose your cheese, and then as many toppings as you want (which among your classics included salsa, chopped garlic, jalapeno poppers, sun dried tomatoes, pineapple, and tons of specialty sauces). Hubby asked for peanut butter on his burger, which was not among one of the named toppings, but was a shake flavor, and he got it. You can also choose toppings like bacon, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions, chili, or even a whole portobello for an additional charge. Our burgers were cooked to medium, just as we had requested, and were quite tasty.We also split a basket of Frings, an onion ring and fry combo. The onion rings were among the best I've ever had, and Hubby called them "darn near perfect." They were thin and crispy, with a tempura-like batter. The fries are fresh cut and had good flavor- maybe some were a tad overdone and not as hot as they could have been. I had their VanillaCola (made with syrup) which was good, and Hubby tried a shake with pistachio and macadamia which I thought would have been made with real nuts, but it seems to have been made only with syrup flavors. It was still good, and quite thick.The decor was 50's diner, the wait staff all seemed like freshmen in college, and apparently there is a way to place your order ahead of time on-line. There are chicken and salad options as well. Our bill came to about $33 with tip. We'll probably try the other new places in the Tempe Marketplace before we return to Cheeburger, but we'll be back for sure.
5	SO MANY SHAKE FLAVORS, OH MY GOD. It's like I died and went to liquidy ice cream heaven. The burgers are very good for their price. The quality definitely beats some other retro diner-type places in town, ahem ahem. You can load on all sorts of great toppings, including banana peppers and onion rings. I imagine -someone- out there likes that particular combo, right? Service can be a little slow, but it's in a mall, so I'm not really expecting stellar wait staff. No offense to the Cheeburger folks. I can understand the insanity since this place is usually packed with families, toddlers, and mall rats.
4	100 flavors of milkshakes. And I didn't try one. I got the cherry "shaker" soda instead. I'm still kicking myself for it. This place is a dream for the control freak. It's also a nightmare for the indecisive. You get to choose how big you want your burger, what kind of cheese and what toppings you want (and there are lots!)...plus all the damn milkshake flavors. After taking about 20 minutes to decide what I wanted, I settled upon the "semi-serious" burger with cheddar. My counterpart and I shared a basket of "frings" which were fantastically greasy. My only complaint: the bottom half of my hamburger bun was paper thin, while the top was practically an entire loaf of bread. You get more than three toppings and you get one messy basket. Just put the top bun on the bottom as well, I say!I adored the glasses made out of jelly jars, apparently that's how they do it down south as we were schooled by our Missouri-born waiter. I myself never considered Missouri to be part of the south but...to each his own.I'm looking forward to fattening myself up on many of their shakes in the future!
4	Cheeburger, Cheeburger!It's a restaurant called Cheeburger, Cheeburger!!The little kid in me squealed with delight. Like pasghetti and sammiches, cheeburgers are one of those willfully mispronounced foodstuffs that bring back a little nostalgia. They remind me of those rare days when we'd all pile in my chain smoking babysitter's Caddy and cruise to McD's for cheeburgers, cheapo happy meal toys, and a romp in the pee covered ball pin. Urine, second hand smoke, and cheeburgers. I couldn't fathom a better combination at that age.Then again we didn't have Cheeburger, Cheeburgers when I was a kid. If we did I'd be eating my kid's meal out of a super sweet pink hot rod that looks almost identical to the Barbie mobile, sippin' my hand shaken soda and munchin' on a cheeburger, American, ketchup. I'm in my twenties but I still wanted one of those little card stock car boxes, even if my taste in toppings has become a bit more adventurous.Just because my tastebuds have matured doesn't make me any more decisive now than I was then. Not a good thing with a place that boasts 50 or so toppings for you burger (or chicken sandwich, or salad-- they're all based on the same "every order is a special order" model). I didn't even attempt to figure out what kind of fancy pants shake or soda flavor I wanted (100 flavors, people! 100!!) and just kept it simple with a glass of water in a mason jar. The fries vs. onion rings debate was also too heated, but a basket of crisp and delicious frings came to the rescue. The onion rings were thin and lightly battered, definitely the better of the two options, and the fries were fresh cut and uber greasy, just how I like 'em, even if they were under-salted.In the end I went with a Classic green chile cheddar burger with the traditional fixins (lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, mustard, ketchup). It was cooked to a perfect medium and the price was right, ringing in at about 5 bucks. I agree that the top bun was way too big in comparison to the bottom, but I solved that by shaving half of it off so I could wrap my mouth around that thick slab of meat, because let's face it people, the bun is just filler. It's all about the meat. It was messy and juices were dripping all over my face, and I must have gone through at least four paper towels, but hot diggity damn, it was a great burger.The smallest burger possible (the Classic) is about five ounces or so and they increase incrementally until you reach the big mamba jamba 20 ounce 'nother nail in the coffin coronary on a bun. I can't even guess how many pieces of cheese it takes to cover that beast. I did however witness two people finish this outrageous burger while I was enjoying my dainty (by comparison) fare. Both gastric champions had their pictures taken with a gigando stuffed cheeburger (I would have worn it as a hat), and then had their image pasted on the wall of shame...err...fame.My inner child's parting words are: "Cheeburger! Cheeburger! Go eat cheeeeeburgerrrrrs!"My more mature counterpart: "Ahem, a myriad of combinations are possible between burgers, shakes and sides, variety enough to satisfy even the most discerning of palates and leave everyone...CHEEBURGER!!!"P.S. Fuck Red Robin in its bony little chicken wing. This place is miles ahead of that bland dump.
5	Yum!If you are in the mood for a good, juicy burger exactly the way you like it- Cheeburger Cheeburger is the place for you. Everything is build your own- burgers, shakes, and chicken sandwiches. My husband was a bit more adventurous than me. He had a 1/2 lb burger with pepper jack, sauted mushrooms, black olives, and honey mustard ( I know he is a weirdo) he was in heaven. I played on the safe side with a 1/3lb burger with jack/cheddar cheese, thousand island, and bacon. The burgers were actually cooked to medium, the buns were good, they are just god burgers. It is an al a carte setting so you order the fries separately. Those are also delicious. We spent about $20 for the both of us to have a burger and split an order of fries- not too shabby considering how tasty it was.
4	This place was so AWESOME! After getting the boot from Dave & Buster's i and my friends visted this place to go kick it and get something to eat.I heard the praise of a few of my friends saying this place was crazy awesome, but I ignored it not really caring what everyone thought. I came in a it's 50s cool! I totally dug it! We sat down and saw the HUGE menu! I barely had enough time to wrap my head around the huge variety of flavors before our waitress came over asking what we wanted. "Uhhhh... a few more minutes to read everything on your menu! Oh, waters all around."We got a raised eyebrow from our redheaded waitress and then we ordered practially half the menu. I got the SERIOUS burger which was a 1/2 pound burger and it was a BIG burger! It was so yummy! :) I added their seasonings that come on the table. My toppings were Blue cheese, terriyaki sauce, pineapples & bacon. It was CRAZY awesome, but I'll admit - there were a few bites that made me turn green! But it's all good. After we ordered - we had to ask the waitress for shakes and floats. BUT their soda did NOT taste good! We told the waitress and she didn't believe us! I think she went off and tasted it for herself before she agreed to remake our floats. We wound up with a dozen cups on the table before the meal was done. I had a cherry coke & vanilla bean ice cream float and my friend had a white chocolate raspberry shake. At the end of the meal, one of my friends was stuffed and couldn't finish his burger - not sha-girl! I finished my burger AND most of the fries. But danggggg... I was FULL! i dont' think I could hang with their one pound burger! After you're done with the burger - they'll take ur picture with a big burger hat on and they post your picutre in their hall of fame. So everybody can see and aspire to your level of piggishness! LOL, and unfortunatly - I am nothing to aspire to since I could barely finish HALF the amount of food! LOL. Here there were two little kids at a different table who could! *hides in shame*But eaither way - it's a great place to eat. There's a lot of fun to be had at cheeburger cheeburger. Don't be shy to ask for more time to read the menu because it's HUGE! Have fun and don't bite more than you can chew!
4	Stopped in before going to the movie tonight and the food was great.  We had burgers and chicken fingers.  The burgers were Big!  with all kinds of toppings... grilled onions, olives, sun dried tomatoes, onion rings, raw onions, lettuce and cheese.  I also had a diet cherry Pepsi.... very tasty.I always judge a good burger or hotdog place by their fries and these fries were terrific.Next time I go to the movies it's a cheeseburger!
4	Harry would have never survived a meal at this place with Sally!My friend and I stopped in here after a movie and I have to say this is one chain that I would whole heartedly recommend to anyone, with the possible exception of people with ADD. I'm not sure they could deal with all the choices on the menu!We were quickly seated and our server gave us a quick menu 101 lesson (starters here... sauces here... burgers and salads over here... one gazillion toppings and combinations over here, etc). I could have taken 20 minutes vacillating over my selections, but my friend was growing impatient, so I plunged in for their small burger with blue cheese, grilled onions, mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, and a side of barbecue. Generally I like my burgers medium-rare, but medium is as low as you can go and in reality, their medium is more on the MR side so I was happy.  We split the Frings and for my shake I chose to combine the Chocolate Chocolate with White Chocolate Raspberry.There was a bit of a wait for the meal, but our server was very attentive and let us know as progress was being made. Considering that there were no free tables either inside or out, the wait wasn't really that bad.When the food arrived I was in burger heaven. Yes, yes, yes this place would likely win the award for most non-healthy option, but when the juices started working their way down my arm and then one perfect drop plopped on to my right breast (ever so slightly exposed in one of those trendy little numbers) my first thought was literally to try and lick it off. Quickly assessing the age of the children at the next table, I decided that probably wasn't the most appropriate response. Sadly I daubed the little drop away... And thankfully, each table has their own role of paper towels, so there was no need to bother our server with a pesky request for additional nappies!The shakes were heavenly, the fries were twice fried (as all good fries should be), and the onion rings were some of the best I've ever had.They have a great web order system that I checked out as soon as I got home, but parking is so unbelievably unavailable at the Tempe Marketplace that I'm not sure this "run in and grab it" approach will really be of much use at this location.You can definately get in and out for under $10/person, but if you are going for sides and a shake, it will run you $13 and up, depending on the size of burger and drink. Considering the other options for burgers at TMP, I would strongly recommend piecing together a paper towel suit of armor and diving in to Cheeseburger Cheeseburger!
5	Holy crap is this place good.  With the gazillion milkshake flavors to choose from, I had vanilla....... kinda anti-climatic I know. Next time though.  The burgers were huge with 20 some odd topings to choose from. I had onions and pickles...... I know, another let down. Next time I sware.  Also the onion rings are tops here. Fries looked good too.The decore is a nice 50's diner type with very friendly staff.  Outdoor seating is nice when it's not hot out and it's very close to the theatre which makes it the perfect stop before seeing Mama Mia........ J/K on that one. Saw Batman.
5	Do you like a basic Cheeseburger made fresh with what you want on it? Have you already tried Fuddruckers, 5 and diner, Hamburger Works, Hamburger Mary's, Lenny's, Ted's, Ruby Tuesday's, TGI Friday's, heck even Outback for a burger that's right? Do you want thin onion rings that aren't a messy pile of strings? Is a light tempura coating preferable to a thick greasy breading that falls off?Do you want a choice of over 100 shakes- mix and match flavors or straight up vanilla?Want a place to shake and make your soda flavor custom?Want to pay $30 bucks for a well staffed, courteous, clean establishment and have all of the above?Cheeburger Cheeburger is your place.  Yeah, it's  chain... and it's "off the chain GOOD." I had a semi-serious size blue cheese and avocado, bacon, Jalepano Jack cheese, sweet onion burger that was gone before I realized it. I had a Cheesecake Snickers shake. I had a waitress named Amy who was totally on the ball. My partner had a buffalo blue cheese chicken sandwich that tasted like hot wings without coating and a Chocolate Peanut Butter shake. Our onion rings were crisp, light and stayed in their tempura coating when we bit them. The potential health consequences for eating such a carnivore dream is worth every finicky choice you select to get it just right and the waitress has zero problems with your particular perfectionism. Highly recommended for that time when you swore you'd never eat another burger, but there you are ordering one anyway.   Finally...a smile from me and a wave back at the staff when we left. Good job Cheeburger Cheeburger.
3	I have been here 3 times before writing this review.  I love the restaurant next door, but sometimes you just want a good cheeseburger, you know?Well, I have to admit, the first time I was here, it was great.  The second time, it was TERRIBLE.  The third time was pretty ok, maybe it could have been the company that helped.The food is always great, its the service I find lacking.  It took almost 1 hour for me to get my meal.  1 hour?  I didnt even order fries!*sigh*The salad topping choices are awesome.  I have yet to have a milkshake.Inconsistent service is a pet peeve.
2	Ok, so I was starving, and found myself wanting a cheeseburger badly.  This place seemed so promising when entering, but overall, its mediocre at best.I ate at the bar, and the service was mediocre.  The gentleman who helped me seemed alright, but something was lacking.  I can't put my finger on it, but it was lame service, ya know?   Somewhere in between lack of entusiasium and bland.The food itself was okay, and I guess if your at Tempe Marketplace, and are dying for a cheeseburger (like I was) I would say 'lets just go here.'  I would not go out of my way to dine here.
5	I try to drink every flavor of lemon aide every time I go. The chicken patty melt is to kill for the flavors of the chicken captures your soul. I love this place  and I am glad it's around the corner I sometimes go alone... I know I have no control. Who every says the food was not good is lying because they are trying to keep it to themselves. YUM YUMMY YUMMIEST
2	Upon entering Cheeburger Cheeburger, I had high expectations.  I mean, any place that decides to name themselves after a reference in SNL's Olympia Cafe sketch should be good, right?  I went with several friends and we were hungry!  One of my friends even went as far as to order the full pound burger.As soon as we walked in I was immediately turned off.  There were a good amount of gnats hovering amidst the whole front bar area. I figured it was from the fluorescent lighting inside and they were being attracted inside from the dark, so we chose to sit outside.I do have to say I was impressed by the fact that I could get myself a Chocolate Coke and that it took me way to long to actually decide on what toppings I wanted on my burger.  The selection of drink flavors and burger toppings is certainly not lacking.  However, upon getting the food, I was less than impressed for a place that prides themselves to the point of putting their product in their business name.The service was slow.  After my friend finished his full pound burger- the employees were not thrilled at all to have to take his picture with the Stuffed Cheeburger and put it up on the Wall of Fame.  I would think this would be the most exciting part of their job!I don't think I would give it a second chance if I was craving a juicy burger again. I'd rather drive down the street and grab a delectable In-N-Out Burger Animal Style- spending less money and leaving much more satisfied.
5	this place is great, you get incredibly full and its definitely not healthy for everyday eating but it is a great indulgence! you create everything from the shakes to the burgers i recommend going all out when you go there
2	I try to stay away from writing reviews for chain restaurants, but upon seeing that Cheeburger Cheeburger had an average rating of 4 stars, I felt that it was necessary to bring to light the mediocrity of this place.  It's not that its absolutely terrible, because it's not, but everything about this particular Cheeburger location is a bit off.  The atmosphere is basically a poor attempt at 1950s kitsch-diner, which I don't really understand why they want to make this place look like a '50s diner, it just seems like an idea that was hashed out in conference room one day, and then poorly executed.  This particular location suffers from the "mall effect," that is, a lot of families with young kids screaming.  The food is okay, and the menu has some fun and interesting options for burger toppings (guacamole, onion rings, pineapple, teriyaki sauce, etc).  One thing that slightly irked me about this place was that the burgers don't come with french fries, you have to order them separately, which I think is restaurant sacrileg.  I know I'm getting knit-picky, so I'll wrap it up.If you want a better burger-chain restaurant experience, I recommend  the Red Robin that is literally 500 yards away in Tempe Marketplace; it has better food, better service, and a much better atmosphere.
3	Although I''m reluctant to go to a theme restaurant inspired by an SNL sketch I found cheeburger cheeburger to be better than a theme restaurant with mediocre food, I was here once before when Tempe marketplace first opened and was overwhelmed by the topping choices Think last time I had a burger with feta, mushrooms, and olives trying to imagine a Mediterranean    burger, really what ended up happening was flavor overload that I couldn't really taste the burger so I decided to give them another try, this time around I got 1/2 lbs burger (sorry a pound is just too much food) with cheddar jack, bacon and sauteed mushrooms, we ordered a half order of the "best of both worlds" which is a basket of fries and onion rings with a side of cheese , the fries are good very crispy well seasoned and appear to be fresh cut  or at least a very convincing fake, the onions rings are very crispy with a light batter that almost takes on a yellow tone, my burger was well prepared they use sliced whole mushrooms instead of pre sliced, the bacon was crispy and the cheese was nice and gooey, so all in all it was a pretty decent burger, I must say my burger was a bit greasy I cut my burger in half to eat it and by the time I moved on to the second half  my lower bun had become one and fused with my burger pattyOverall my experience was good, and I would go back but I don't see it being a frequent choice and not just due to distance, the main attraction seems to be the wide variety of burger toppings and the build-your-own inspired menu, despite the food being consistent and good it's nothing I haven't tasted before, though if I ever get the urge for a pepperoni, peanut butter, coleslaw, Sri racha burger, I can sleep easier at night knowing I've now got that issue handled
4	I am a PICKY eater.  I don't like lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, or mustard on my burgers.  That's kind of standard fare.  Whenever I go to a restaurant and order a burger, I hang my head in shame as I politely request no veggies, just the ketchup or mayo.  This makes for a usually boring and unimaginative burger.  Imagine my delight when I find out that Cheeburger actually wants ME to pick whatever I WANT to top my burger!  They won't look at me funny when I ask for things like black olives on my burger.  They don't question my desire to top my burger with a pineapple and have it covered in ranch dressing.  This is a place for people like me.  It's nice to not be questioned or judged based on your burger preferences.As far as the quality of food goes, I have never been dissatisfied here.  They always cook it exactly the way I like it or really close to it.  The meat is always fresh tasting and juicy.  The ingredients they top it with are also fresh and plentiful, no one likes a cheapskate.  The fries here are pretty good, and the seasoning they have is not as good as say, Red Robin's, but it is it's own unique salt/pepper/garlic blend that my tastebuds enjoy.  I have had the onion rings before and they are pretty decent, just a little thick for my taste.  The soda options here are fun, and again they never question when you want a kiwi diet coke.  The decor in here is ugly as sin, but you can sit outside like we usually do and avoid the ugly decor.  If you are in the mood to be creative and surprise your palate, this is the place for you.  If you hate to be judged on your pickiness of food, then you will be right at home here.  Also, the added bonus is that it is a FANTASTIC place for people watching.
4	The burgers are good, the fries are okay...but the custom milkshakes are to die for.  I go for that reason alone.  Hells ya!  Cheesecake flavored milkshake, blueberries, cookie dough, etc etc etc.  Oh man, that's good stuff.I hate the decor but you can get a milkshake to go and life is right.
4	I am a burger snob. You can imagine the delight when they have a place named for what you love! Cheeburger was good. I liked the options but really didn't go wild. I like em standard. pickles, mayo, tomato, mustard, lettuce. and of course cheese. I asked for Medium since they don't to Med rare.... The 1/2 lb burger was cooked as requested (sort of) and was a good size. It came with the correct toppings and the cheese, cheddar jack, was melted perfectly. 3 problems 1x The burger was 2x the size of the bun. Equal it out a little.... 2x They flat top grill it. Grill would have been awesome 3x It lacked seasoning, like garlic, onion powder,salt and pepper. I added it once it go to me and it was better. I would have another burger from here but will not be craving it.
1	based on our first visit, I don't think we'll be back.  a place that serves MILKSHAKES but doesn't even have half n half for their coffee.  I guess I coulda gone all jack- Nicholson- in- Five- Easy- Pieces on their asses, but I didn't.  I was too numbed by the ugliness of the decor and the doo-wop pounding into my morning-after brain. There's a reason almost everyone sits outside. My wife wanted a burger, and our usual Sunday morning breakfast-and-burger place , Chompie's, was flooded with hungover ASU students and people wanting a bite before hitting the Tempe Arts Fest.  So, we decided to try this place.  Great concept, very poor execution.  Service was glacially slow and more than a little inept.  Wife's burger was just "OK", nothing to get excited about.  I'm not a meat eater, so I decided to try their grilled cheese-- a horrible, horrible mistake.  bread was nicely grilled, but somehow, some way, the cheese was not melted at all.  my add-ons seemed thrown on by an angry blind man, and it seemed to have been off of the grill a good, long time.  the fries were lukewarm and limp.  the onion rings were OK if a bit greasy.  the worst meal I've had in recent memory!  I understand the milkshakes are great, maybe you should stick with those!
4	Alright, Now this is a place I can really pile the toppings on my burger.  I like how you can pick and choose what you want. Instead of getting your ordinary hamburger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, mustard, etc... Personally, I think the 1/2 lb'er is not enough to satiate the stomach. Next time I will order the next one up. The list of shake combinations are a little overwhelming yet I'm considering ordering a different one every time I visit the place. I had my favorite Oreo Shake which was Yummy!
4	I avoided this place like the plague because of its name.  I never thought the skit on SNL was funny.  It's just... I pictured some fat, wife beater-clad gentleman giggling about the name "Cheeburger Cheeburger" whilst wiping gravy about his chin.  I don't know why the mental image came into mind, but it grossed me out.A few nights ago, I dropped into Tempe Marketplace to catch a movie.  I was also extremely hungry.  I bought my ticket and I was going to grab something to eat super quick, wolf it down and maybe die of a meat coma halfway through the flick.I saw Cheeburger Cheeburger sort of looming out of the corner of my eye.  I sort of cringed because it's the worst name ever, but I wanted to try it out because I haven't had a decent cheeseburger in forever.  I thought it was gonna be a fast food kinda order, get in and leave type of thing but it was a sit down restaurant.  I had like twenty minutes before my movie started.I was kinda like, "Aw shit.  I'm gonna miss like the first five minutes of the movie probably."  The place was packed so I thought service was gonna be slow.  My food came quick and I made it to the movie like right in the nick of time.  It was awesome.Service was awesome.  At first, it was a little surreal, because the hostess, like, went on this long, "How to order..." monologue and I zoned out because, man, I know how to order food.  I'm kind of a hick sometimes but I know how to order food.  Shit.  I didn't pay attention to her at all.  Basically, you build your own burger.  Fries aren't included.  Got it.  I built my own burger and it was pretty bomb.  I ordered one of about thirty TRILLION different kind of milkshakes they have.  That milkshake brought me close to orgasm.  The food was great.  The service was super awesome.  Considering how hectic and busy it was, it was great.  There was a mix up and I only got half an order on my milkshake, but I never would have known unless my waitress told me because it was already pretty huge.  She said she'd bring me the other half but I was like, "Nah, this is already bordering gluttony."If I'm in the neighborhood I'll pop in again.
4	Burgers are good, I like that I can choose as many toppings as I want, esp. when they have avocado! Haven't had their shakes yet, but I'm debating when I go next time. Fries, I can do without, although I havent tried their rings. Again, I'd rather go to Four Peaks, but when I'm at the Marketplace, I guess this is better than eating at the overly expensive Paradise Bakery!
3	I've been here one time. I plan to go back and take on the 1 1b challenge. I was happy with my burger and side items. Was this best burger/fries I've ever had no, but was pretty good.The variety of shake combinations is great Nice location, service was good, not great.
1	I am surprised so many people like this place.  My family and I went last July and we swore we would never go back.  The burgers were dry, the food was overpriced, and the service could have only been worse if I had been verbally accosted and then burned by a grease fire.I even tried writing to corporate to complain about the experience.  I got a reply from the local store asking about the problem but after I gave details of the experience I never heard back from them again.  I truly can not believe Cheeburger can stay in business with a Red Robin in the same parking lot.
1	Ok...So here's the deal. You know a place is bad when I feel compelled to share my bad experience with the world.  I feel horrible doing this, but I mean come on! Not only was the food some of the worst I've ever had (and I have had really bad food).  But what got me more then the horrible food, was the service.  I sat outside for 15 minutes before I went in to get someone, Than It took another 10 for her to come out.  All the while I had a server that was sitting down talking to a table.  The food was cold, service was slow, and it was not worth the money.  I vow to never go there again! There are so many other great places at Tempe Market Place.
3	Before going to see a movie last night hubby and I set our sites on a restaurant at Tempe Market place.  He really wanted to try the place and I thought why not.  The place wasn't busy but it did seem to take an incredible amount of time to be seated in a dead restaurant, with signs ALL OVER Place telling us to wait to be seated.  Now that we've been seated it's time to look over the huge menu, which is basically your normal burger fare with lots of options.  I ordered a portabello mushroom burger with mozzarella cheese,  sun dried tomatoes, and mayo.  It was Yummy!  We had the Frings basket that was really good with one of their specialty  condiments and I had a cherry soda, made the old fashion way of soda water and cherry flavoring.  It was not worth $2.79.    If you are looking for a lot of choices for your burger this is the place to go.  They have options that even I didn't think of.   Otherwise, there are a lot of better choices at Tempe Market Place.
1	We went there last night, had an almond joy milkshake, which tasted terrible, we shared a half size and couldn't even drink it. The burger was ok, in n out makes a better burger for a lot cheaper.
4	I recently went back with my wife and a friend for dinner before a movie. The food was still good and the service was much better than what I experienced last time. I think the burgers are well done and you get your choice of various sides (as many as you want). A few sides cost extra or if you want another slice of cheese. The fries or sweet potato fries are above average.The waiter refilled our water and drinks and gave the check to us in a timely manner. This didn't happen during my previous experience.My wife and I split an Oreo and Marshmallow  shake. The shake was superb! I think we both regretted splitting the shake instead of getting our own. For shake lovers, there is a huge variety of flavors and selections to choose from.I've raised my rating to a 4 now with the service improvement.I still need to take the 1 lb burger challenge.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this place..so let me start with the only thing I don't care for..the fries..theyure the only thing that rates a "meh". They're skinny like McDonalds fries but not golden or crispy...does that help? Anyway other than that SCORE! The shake choices are extensive and freakin delicious. Yesterday i had the Blackberry Cobbler one and it was excellent. I managed to suck down the whole thing before my "My Bleu Chicken" showed up. There's nothing wrong with dessert first right? The chicken was sooo tender. That is the 3rd time Ive been and before I had a build your own burger and a build your own grilled cheese. You just can't go wrong here! There is something for everyone! Service is great and fast and food is delicious.. what more do you need?
3	I have come to the conclusion that it is impossible to get good service ANYWHERE in Tempe. Here was no different. Me and my buddy sat outside because it was glorious out. It wouldn't have made much of a difference if I sat across the street. Our "waitress" (if thats what you want to call her) was a disaster. The food, however, was actually pretty tasty. I got one of the meal deal thingies that came with a burger, a salad, and fries or onion rings for $10.99 which was a good deal. The burger was really good and the onion rings were super crispy and delicious. I wasn't a fan of the salad but that's because I don't like olives. They also have a plethora of milkshakes to choose from and I was stoked to see that they had a mango one. I was a bit disappointed in the milkshake but like I said the food was pretty good so I'd probably eat there again.
4	If you don't mind the price it is a great place to go wild in. You can create your burgers, shakes, soda, etc anyway you want.  I loved being able to make a chocolate/root beer malt. The burgers come in multiple sizes. Service was good. If it wasn't so expensive I would go more often. Decor was 1950's soda fountain style.
4	The family likes this place. Planning our next trip so my son can eat the 1/2 pound, and I can eat the 1 pound.
2	I didn't know what to expect walking in here. The misspelled name should have been a sign. The place was small and pretty full. The food was pretty good overall, except for over seasoned french fries.My biggest dislikes were the attire and professionalism of the employees. Seemed a bit inexperienced and undressed for people I want handling my food. The menu was confusing and poorly laid out.The place had a 50's dinner feel, certainly not a ritzy upper class feel, so charging for sides separate from your burger seemed way over expensive. Maybe if the place looked nicer and the staff dressed nicer I wouldn't mind paying so much. You can choose coleslaw or side salad. The coleslaw comes in a tiny little dressing cup vs. the side salad on a nice size plate. Thankfully I ordered the side salad, but if I hadn't I'd complain about those serving proportions. The place seems good for kids as they were running about.
4	I feel like it should be more popular.  What can I say:1. Juicy burger w/ any cheese you want2. Hand crafted shakes w/ real ice cream3. Thin crispy fries (I like fries crispy)Here's the rub, the food listed above is pushing 2000 calories, I'm 30 now and I live in Scottsdale, where I feel like everyone is fit or at least fairly thin. So my vanity keeps me out of there.That aside, don't let the funny name keep you from stopping in, it's some good stuff.
4	Let me start off by saying that the service, almost always, sucks.  Now that I've got that out of the way, I'll say that I will ALWAYS go back for the burgers.  If you can dream it, they can build it.  The combinations of toppings are endless and the quality is always good.  I love, love, love the dreamy burgers.  So much so, that I can't think of anything else to say. mmmmmm cheeburger.
2	The burger was average the toppings sparse. Service was average. Milkshake was below average.
4	I give this rating for the chain.Sadly, this location is closed, I guess it was just a bad location, actually I know it was, because we only went there once in the past  2 years, when we went to the one in Maryland at least once a month. And we would have gone more, but calories are kinda real.I Think the name put some people off, but those are folks who are to young to get the inside joke from the SNL skit. For us geezers, it was a "hoot"If your ever in the mood for a GIANT burger, in a fun 50's atmosphere, is a better value than Johnny Rockets, and has AWESOME fried onions. I highly recommend this chain.The burgers are grilled, not grilled, which is a downside to me, (and cost a star) but there are so many plus's to this chain, I forgive this.All the toppings are fresh, and a nice, big variety to choose from. Not to mention, you can be insane in the amount of topping you out on.I guess around here in Phoenix, I'll have to give 5 guys a chance. Though I'm really in search of great onion strings/rings etc... I really liked the fact they let me get 1/2 fries and 1/2 onion straws... Yeah, it's overpriced, it's that kind of overpriced place, for a good day to day burger, drive through in and out.
