1	Not much on the menu. Staff was clueless and drinks tasteless. Seems they mainly use girls with too much make-up, tight dresses and high heels (that most can't walk with properly) to draw in customers. Won't go back.
4	Great location and atmosphere.  Food was good...a bit pricey, but felt exclusive as its a small restaurant.  This is a very cool bar to sit at, I could sit there all night...maybe I have...The patio is also cool, overlooking Monkland.
4	I should add that these guys take Amex...Also, go easy on the oysters if you're on a budget.  2 dozen cost me $80 tonight...I forget sometimes how much these tiny sea creatures cost! All in all a great spot though!
5	@Lucillesoyster had been on my list of to-do for quite some time now and then, a few nights ago, me and my Man finally had the opportunity to do the Dive right!We arrived around 5:30PM and there were only a handful of clients, even so, we decided to sit at the bar, enjoy a cocktail and couple dozen oysters. The oysters were fresh, delicious, and expertly shucked. We went for varieties not commonly available, a little pricier but definitely worth exploring. The cilantro-jalapeno dressing was delicious, but I recommend having your first one naked or with just a little bit of mignonette or lemon juice so you get the full flavour of the oyster.While 2 dozen oyster will run up a big bill, the mains are very reasonably priced (between $20 and $30), so no need to avoid this place if you are on a tight budget!The cocktail menu is pretty interesting and you will surely find something that meets your budget (I believe they ran from $8-18 - will verify and correct if necessary) and they do offer several wines by the glass. A bottle of red will run about $50, which is reasonable enough.I really enjoyed our evening, the staff was friendly and helpful.
3	So I'll start by saying I'm happy to have a new place to go when visiting NDG friends. I like oysters a lot, and wine outside, and crazy Ceasar cocktails with crab legs poking out of them, and very friendly knowledgeable charming service. Lucille has all of these things in spades and these are great ways to win my heart. Uncrowded on a weekday 5a7, the patio bakes in the sun for the first hourish but then the shade hits and the spot becomes more comfortable, and the crowds come sauntering in. The inside is cool, literally and figuratively, though walking sort of through the kitchen to get to the confusingly signaged washrooms is perplexing and of dubious hygiene. My biggest gripe: the oysters were overpriced and 3/4 of the ones I tried had shell in them. I don't mind paying for perfect, but this wasn't it. I had a lovely time anyway, but man, nothing sticks in my craw like grit in an oyster.
2	Location: In the heart of Monkland Village - 10-minute walk from Villa Maria subway. Service: The staff was super friendly and service was relatively quick. We sat at the bar so I'm not sure if table service was as quick. Food: Nothing to write home about. My date had oysters which she enjoyed, and the ribs as a main. She liked both the ribs and the side of fries, and said the sauce was super smokey, just the way she likes it. I ordered the beet root salad and sweet potato fries. The salad was good, but it wasn't spectacular. The goat cheese was more like cheddar, which was a disappointment. I expected crumbled goat cheese but instead got four slices of... well I assume it was goat cheese though as I said, it tasted like cheddar and had the same texture. The sweet potato fries were amazing and so were the regular fries. Nice and crispy on the outside. Ambiance: Way too f-ing loud. You can't hear yourself think in the place so for me, this is a fail. I really liked the space - I felt like I was in a bar on a beach somewhere. Would I go back? Probably not without earplugs.
4	I had a great time at Lucille's! Don't get this confused with the popular food truck though. This place is a full service restaurant and our server deserves 5 stars for being the most knowledgable oyster slinger around. We had a dozen assorted oysters to start. But I've got a bone to pick with the shucker. Most of these mollusks had bits of shell in them! Not pleasant to bite into. The salmon tartare lettuce wraps were delicious and fun to share. The tuna tartare/watermelon salad was really small and my friend and I didn't care for it, but it was edible. We finished off with a grilled BBQ squid entree with potatoes and it was amazing. Not too saucy but packed with flavor and very tender. Overall this place was pretty good and I'd go back for sure, I'll just skip the oysters. $$$
3	Went here for lunch on a Sunday. Had two pints of stella and fish and chips. They were just amazing. I had a great lunch.The server was a little self-important, and the place has a bit of an air of arrogance. AND it's a little pricey. But all things considered, if I wanted a nicer meal, even if a bit pricier, I'd return. It's just a couple of things that offset this place from being 4 stars in my eyes.
3	Perhaps living on an actual coast has ruined me for oysters for the most part unless they are knock your socks off amazing, but even the clams here were 'meh'. The servers and bartender were all very sweet and I love the location, but my food was nothing to write home about.Was seated quickly, the dressing options were cool and the service was friendly though. I give the place 3 stars instead of two for the Caesar's cause they had crab in them: YUM
1	Lucilles had the worst service Ive ever experienced. After being made to wait an hour and a half, we were told that we could only be placed at the bar. But they needed another 15 minutes to "make some room." While the hostess was super kind, the management was horrible. I've never experienced something like that. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Love this place.  The food is great.  Very fresh seafood, lobster roll, amazing oyster selection.  Also don't forget the aged beef!! The staff is extremely friendly and incredible looking.  We took our kids and they were very accommodating and made us feel comfortable.We have been here twice on vacation and have loved it both times.  If you enjoy good oysters in a hip but casual atmosphere you will enjoy it.
5	Place is great... Not fancy but the oysters and seafood were top notch and very fresh. Sat at the bar and staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. Oysters were very crisp and clearly very fresh, octopus was some of the best I've ever had (including Greece, Italy, Spain...) a bit pricey but worth it. Steamers in the cream garlic sauce is also a must. Civeche is pretty unique and def worth a try. Did not have the lobster rolls but they looked awesome. Extra points for the Harley gas tanks.
3	First off, I'll start by saying that I went for a 5 a 7 event. However I was dissapointed to find that they don't have one. I only had  oysters and tried a few sweet potatoe fries from friends. Both were really good. The only reason I am not giving a higher rating is because it is a pricey for what you get. There are other places that offer the same for less. The staff is friendly !
