5	Amazing church, I love Sunday mornings.  Everyone is very friendly, and the pastors are very hard workers.  The service is modern and passionate.  The music is always upbeat and positive!  The location is incorrect check their website.  The new building is awesome!
2	My wife has been going to the yoga studio across the street from this church and asked if I wouldn't mind checking it out one weekend. I took a look at the website and read about it and it seemed like it may be a cool young hip church to check out since it comes off as very contemporary place... As much excitement as I had to check it out once we got there I became a little unsure. We checked in our kids to the children's area which definitely seemed well put together and organized. So it was off to a good start. The folks that we first met seemed nice but almost a little too excited that we had come to check out the church, but that is normal in a sense in the church world. Waking into the building I was definitely shocked that the crowd had to have a median age of 45 and was a majority older crowd. That is not a problem I guess but from the website I was expecting to see a much younger crowd. Once the service started I guess I was expecting a more upbeat alive worship experience and unfortunately that was not it. Again, from the website I imagined that the worship would be upbeat and contemporary but it was mellow and tame. There were quite a few issues with the tech side of things and stopping worship to transition into a 20 minute "clip" of a Dave Ramsey video was definitely a little deflating. As for the service, the pastor had a decent message but it was just not my style of preaching. In my own personal opinion it was very dry and not much emotion... As far as a church is concerned, Not every church is for every person and this one was not for us, and just like the message mentioned if it is not for you, move on.
4	Love the people and the messages at this church.  I felt very welcome from the first day and like the family feeling.  This church does a lot of events to get you connected, so you have every opportunity to get to know the people of the church.  I really like it!
5	I just moved to Henderson and began my search for a new church home. Crossroads was the 3rd church I visited and it stuck! The people are so friendly and welcoming. The worship band is contemporary and really wakes you up in the morning! Pastor Bob is so humble, and a great teacher of God's Word; which he delivers passionately and clearly.It's nice to find a church home that focuses on raising up the Lord, not the pastor. Another church I tried was all about the flash and the celebrity of their pastor. I don't go to church to be entertained, I go to grow in my faith and relationship with the Lord. You will do that at Crossroads.I was a bit surprised by Raymond B's review. It doesn't sound at all like Crossroads, but does sound exactly like a  Calvary church I checked out. Wondering if he mixed up the churches.Anyway, I highly recommend Crossroads if you are looking for a new church home. "Home" being the operative word. You will feel right at home from day one.
