1	My family has been with State Farm for nearly 40 years and haven't had near as many problems as we have had with policies until Joe Janet.  Instead of accepting responsibility for miscomunications on their part he instead made members of my family feel stupid and ignorant.  Yes part of the blame for these problems comes from a lack of understanding and follow up on our part but it also comes from a lack of listening and follow through on his office's part.  I was told his is the biggest group in Las Vegas because of their "exceptional" customer service.  Sadly, maybe his group has gotten too big and its either going to his head or things are breaking down.  Because to me "exceptional" customer service does not include making people feel ignorant or stupid for not understanding their plans or for relying on their agent to do what they are asked and the duped later.  Insurance is not easy to understand and therefore many people are easily duped.  Sadly some people would rather just accept things regaurdless, instead of standing up to bullies.  If Joe Janet had just admitted they had messed up and actually worked to make things right instead of what he did do, then hings wouldn't have come to this point.  I've worked in customer service for 20 years and this definitely has not been a good example.  Sadly because we can no longer rely on our State Farm Agent to actually take care of us and treat us with respect we have found it necessary to sever long time ties with State Farm.
1	Wow, if a month after reading my review is immediate then I guess you did.   I do find it interesting that you left that part out.Your actual response:     "Thanks for the feedback even though it's not the type we like.  I just saw this review for the first time one month ago.  I am very sorry about your experience.  Please contact me so I can get additional information from you on how to better serve our clients.  Thanks, Joe"     I haven't responded because in the past 2 weeks (which is how long its been since you replied) I severly injured my knee and have had a couple of family members in the hospital.  So I appologize if responding to your SLOW (NOT immediate) response has not been my top priority.  Besides according my conversation with you personally, back at the time of the incident, we had to do what we had to do.  So we did.  What's done is done and I don't see how there is anything more you can do to resolve this problem.  Therefore I wrote my review.       I'm not saying anything about any other offices in Vegas or about any other clients.  I am only speaking about the experience we had with your office specifically.  Maybe and hopefully (for the sake of your other clients) we are an isolated case.  Or maybe I am just the first to speak up.  You should be disturbed, maybe it will make you think about your future transactions.  Either way, what's done is done and can't be undone at this time.  Hopefully you will try to improve.
5	I work for a real estate office that requires renters to have renters insurance with our company listed as an interested party.  I have to call agents often to get the management company added and it is usually a hassle.  This is the first time it was completely pain free, no questions asked, I wasn't bothering them or wasting their time and I received the corrected documents within the hour.  Whoever answered the phone was extremely professional and pleasant.  Thank you for your help from one professional to another!
5	Joe Janet and his staff have been incredibly responsive to all my requests, and have dealt with me signing up for business insurances as well as personal insurances with ease. There are thorough, quick and pleasant to deal with. They have a top-tier financial rating and are competitively priced even with companies that have a lower rated financial backing. Great insurance through great people, I highly recommend this office.
1	I am very dissatisfied. I have automatic withdrawal from my account every month. And the one time is doesn't work I get a notice for cancellation? Seriously. I couldn't even get a call first. And to top it off I just added a new car to my insurance and they told me one price and when I get my bill it's 20$ more than what I was told.
1	I called a few times to talk to Joe and I had to talk to one of his assistants.  I was given wrong answer when I asked the same answer.  I drove in today to talk to Joe in person because I thought the answer was wrong.  When I talked to his assistant and I asked to talk to Joe who was not on the phone at the time, she said she can help me.  I received another answer from the same question.  I was stunned and I asked to speak to Joe. She tells me that Joe is on the phone.  I was upset and in pain with the car accident.  If Joe is unavaible to his customers then I cand find another agent.  I miss my previous agent back in Illinois. She was able to take a two minute from her customer. I always had Country Financial and I was hesitant to sign up with State. I might go with another agent and I don't care if I have to pay more.  First accident ever and then you find out what type of agency you are dealing with.   I'm not impressed with the agency.   I
5	I recently call state Farm to let them know of a personal situation I was in and I spoke to Kimberly and she was very helpful in my situation and more helpful on new stuff I didn't even know about. Thank you Kim for all your help and thank you state farm
