5	This place just opened and as I part of their "soft opening" you could get anything you want for free or choose to make a donation for your purchase.  I of course made a donation because I love supporting new local business!  They were so nice and friendly, the shop has amazing decore and the have all sorts of goodies: cupcakes, bread, cookies, custom cakes, gelato and more! I got a little bit of everything!
5	Great little pastry & gelato shop.  The cannoli and eclair were both very good.  My wife generally doesn't like French macaroons, these were very good and the texture was perfect.I will be back.
5	This place is amazing. The cupcakes are to die for. I'm so happy they're in the hood.  Nothing like gong to dinner and getting desert here afterwords. I got the peanut butter cookie and i want disappointed. The cupcake was melt in your mouth delicious. The staff was bubbly and friendly. I liked there stuff so much i ordered a 100 cupcakes for my bars soft opening.
5	The. cheesecake. The girls are local sweethearts and their passion comes out in every detail. They have cheesecake, cupcakes, cookies, brownies, gelato, coffee, tea and fresh baked bread!! Perfect for a small treat or event!
5	Delectable and delightful! Spot-on prices. This new shop is on the fast-track to greatness. Everything is made fresh and you can really taste the difference. The cassata cake is light and fluffy with just the right hint of cinnamon and chocolate chips topping. Yum! The sugar cookie was a great homage to the classic jar cookie. And the peanut butter cookie was so very rich. My absolute favorite was the fruit tart!... Omg. The buttery, sugary treat just melts in your mouth and draws out the fruit icing topping. Absolutely delicious! The gals here aim to please. I was encouraged to taste a free sample of anything and everything. They really want to know what people like and how their treats appeal to their customers. Bravo! Also, props to the Bakeshop for serving Grateful Spoon gelato.  Always is thumbs up!  The pricing here is perfect. You will be in the $1-$3 range for a single treat and that's the way it should be. No need to pay five bucks for a treat weighing just ounces. Candace and Andrea were so welcoming and warm. I had a blast enjoying all the Bakeshop has to offer.
4	Thumbs up for all of the food I've tried. Well done!
5	The cupcakes are to die for and the cookies aren't too shabby either. I had amir a dozen chocolate chip cookies. .. Just like mom used to make. I do believe toys may be the best bakery in town.
5	Another amazing experience here! Great coffee, killer brownies and fabulous ricotta cookies!
5	Delicious and adorable! This is a super sweet little bake shop with a wonderfully pleasant vibe, friendly employees, and most importantly: DELICIOUS DESSERTS! They offer all kinds of yumminess from cookies and brownies to cupcakes and french macaroons. I was able to try their chocolate chip cookie and a vanilla macaroon, and both were simply divine! I will be dreaming of their sweet treats all day long!
5	I bought the chocolate and salted caramel cake for my wife's birthday.  It was beautifully done and taste fantastic.  It was a big hit.  Definitely coming back again.  At the time I ordered it I had not known they were only open for 3 weeks...this place is an up and coming star.
5	Wow.  Absolutely amazing cupcakes.  We tried a raspberry,  cheesecake,  and chocolate.  Friendly staff.  They really know what they're doing.  Paying on their ipad was a breeze.
4	This shop screams cute..... cute cute cute. It's like a bakery on a movie set, I kid you not. I walked by the shop after lunch and, despite being totally full, I just couldn't not go in... the vintage -y decor and neatly displayed pastries called out to me.... I was doomed. The people who work here are very nice, helpful, and friendly. Their recipes are mostly Italian based, which makes them a little different than other local bakeries. After much deliberation (and I mean MUCH.... like extensive), I tried the brownie and the cheesecake. The brownie looked kind of dry on the outside, but don't let that fool you, it was somewhere between a cake texture and a fudgy brownie texture, certainly not dry. The brownie was chocolatey but not overly rich with chocolate chips throughout. Was it my favorite brownie in town? No (I am partial to a fudgy more chocolatey and rich brownie). But it was very good and if I were in the neighborhood I would get it again. The cheesecake, on the other hand, was fairly awesome. This was no New York cheesecake. It was surprisingly light and airy, not the heavy oh-my-god-I'm-so-full-need-bigger-pants kind of cheesecake you get most places (not that I don't like that too, this was just something you may want to eat with more frequency). It was sweet without being overly sweet and they didn't complicate it with toppings or flavors, it was just a good plain cheesecake. Oh, and it isn't served in slices, it's served like a cupcake.... so cute. Anyway, each dessert cost 3$, so the prices are competitive with other local bakeries. Definitely check this cute little bakery out next time you're in the area.PS they have cupcakes and the flavors change depending on the baker's mood each day.... how cute is that? PPS Can I say cute one more time? Whoa.
4	This shop screams cute..... cute cute cute. It's like a bakery on a movie set, I kid you not. I walked by the shop after lunch and, despite being totally full, I just couldn't not go in... the vintage -y decor and neatly displayed pastries called out to me.... I was doomed. The people who work here are very nice, helpful, and friendly. Their recipes are mostly Italian based, which makes them a little different than other local bakeries. After much deliberation (and I mean MUCH.... like extensive), I tried the brownie and the cheesecake. The brownie looked kind of dry on the outside, but don't let that fool you, it was somewhere between a cake texture and a fudgy brownie texture, certainly not dry. The brownie was chocolatey but not overly rich with chocolate chips throughout. Was it my favorite brownie in town? No (I am partial to a fudgy more chocolatey and rich brownie). But it was very good and if I were in the neighborhood I would get it again. The cheesecake, on the other hand, was fairly awesome. This was no New York cheesecake. It was surprisingly light and airy, not the heavy oh-my-god-I'm-so-full-need-bigger-pants kind of cheesecake you get most places (not that I don't like that too, this was just something you may want to eat with more frequency). It was sweet without being overly sweet and they didn't complicate it with toppings or flavors, it was just a good plain cheesecake. Oh, and it isn't served in slices, it's served like a cupcake.... so cute. Anyway, each dessert cost 3$, so the prices are competitive with other local bakeries. Definitely check this cute little bakery out next time you're in the area.PS they have cupcakes and the flavors change depending on the baker's mood each day.... how cute is that?PPS Can I say cute one more time? Whoa.
5	We've used A Bakeshop twice now, both for very large parties (150+ people) and were blown away both times by not only the amazing products they make, but by the professionalism and friendliness.  They did exactly what they promised both times and exceeded our expectations.  I highly recommend using them for large parties/weddings, you wont be disappointed!
5	First time I stopped in I just got a sugar and peanut butter cookie. They were so good. Today I met this girl. I never remember a name until the third time. But, her name is Sedona. I have a sweet tooth. I wanted to get an assortment. I started with cookies. She would say "that's my favorite ". Next, the cupcakes "that's my favorite ". I was looking at the slice of cake. White cake with some type of cream and chocolate chips. Of course she said "that's my favorite thing in the whole store". In her defense everything was so good. The cake was the best. The owner should give her a raise. I will be back soon. I never have done a review. I feel they deserve it.
5	What a WONDERFUL bakery!  They did an amazing job on 40 cupcakes for a work meeting, with only 4 hours notice. And they were delicious and adorably decorated. Cutest shop inside, and adorable staff.
5	I purchased several baked goods from A Bakeshop next door to us and had a great experience! Friendly faces and quality goods! Treated my staff to these tasty treats and they are a fantastic addition to our neighborhood! Thank you and I look forward to stopping in soon!
5	Omg. Their macaroons are amazing! So nice to have an artisan bake shop in our neighborhood. Lovely and sweet. I'll be back soon.
5	Wow - I love this place!  Super quaint decor, friendly staff and an excellent selection of sweets - cookies, brownies, cupcakes, gelato...the list could go on and on.  How can you ever decide what to choose?  The saving grace was knowing I would be back again soon to try other delicious sweets.  We tried two mini cupcakes (candy bar & raspberry), a large pumpkin cupcake and a pumpkin cheesecake...all to die for!
5	Wow!  Love this shop!  We have used Andrea's bakery for years, before she even had a storefront.  She has catered many events for us and always does an exquisite job!  She has so much talent and such an assortment of things she can make.  Her cupcakes are my favorite in town. To be honest there isn't one thing I haven't liked. Service at her shop is so friendly and inviting.  The staff is always smiling. You can tell that Andrea takes so much pride in her business.  The decor in the shop is so adorable. Love it. Feels very inviting. You just want to sit on the couch and have some coffee and sample everything!!
5	Wow! This place has some of the best sweets and baked goods I've ever had! They are not overly sweet like many bakeries can be. Definitely try to cake pops and cassata cake, absolutely to die for. Highly recommend!!
5	Let me start by apologizing to anyone who has ever baked me a cake or given me a cake prior to A Bakeshop's cake. I was gifted with a lively, simple classic vanilla cake this week from a Bakeshop and I can say I have never eaten a more delicious tasting vanilla cake in my life. It was aromatic with the sweetness of sugar and cream but not over powered. By the time I even took a bite, I knew this cake was going to be delicious. I was right. Tasting became an entire experience that had the perfect amount of sweet and the exact, and I say exact, amount of salt that kept it grounded and tasty. I will never enjoy another cake like I did from a Bakeshop. They will have my business from this point forward. A true slice of Heaven. Well done, you will go places and I will follow.
