5	My family rented a car from this location a few weeks ago.  It was one of the best rental car experiences I've ever had. The manager Dustin and other employee Diana (I think) were so friendly and took care of us quite quickly, considering 2 other people walked in at the same time.  The car we were given was clean and the customer service what I've come to expect from Enterprise. I would highly recommend this location and plan to use them the next time I need a rental car.
5	My car had to go to the auto shop for what was supposed to be the whole weekend.  Needing a car to get around I decided to use Enterprise Rent-A-Car off of Via De Ventura since its close to where I live.  I spoke with Sam who had their driver Ignacio pick me up and take me to the rental location.  Before I go on, I have to say that Sam and Ignacio were very friendly and helpful; definitely represented Enterprise with their customer service.  Anyway, so after getting to Enterprise I worked with the district manager Mike on renting a car for the whole weekend at a great weekend price of $9.99 - which I thought was a steal.  Mike was very polite and although he offered me the insurance for renting the car, which I obviously declined- Mike was not pushy or rude about it.  Unlike my last experience with Enterprise just a week prior at the Dallas Love Fied location.  The Love Field rental agent irritated me with his pushy antics.  So after having the car for a few hours, my mechanic at Whitey's Auto Repair called and said that my car was fixed and that it wouldn't take the whole weekend.  I was obviously excited, but felt embarassed to have rented the car for the whole weekend and now would have to return it early.  I called and spoke to Mike, who was totally understandable and laughed with me on the phone.  He easily took the car back with no issues and even had their cool driver Ignacio drop me off at the mechanic shop.  Overall I was surprised at the dedication and customer service Mike, Sam and Ignacio offer here at the Via De Ventura location.  This will definitely be my first choice for car rental locations in the Scottsdale area.
5	This location had been GREAT two times running.  The staff has been friendly and more than willing to go out of their way for me - even keeping me informed about a possible delay in having a car available.  Nonetheless, they found another car and got me on my way quickly.
4	Thanks YELP users.  We searched rental car agency in Scottsdale before choosing this one. Took the bus over from the terminal, the staff here was fast and friendly, we were in and out in minutes. We haven't rented a car in a very long time, but this was super easy, When driving out of the rental car lot, the oil light came on.  We continued on to our hotel and decided we would check the oil when we got there.  The next day, we called the Enterprise office and told them about the oil light.  The young man checked the records, said it had an oil change two days before.  No worries.  We never did check the oil until we arrived in Flagstaff, 175+ miles since picking it up.  Pulling off the interstate at Flagstaff, the motor began coughing.  We called the Flagstaff office and they brought over another car for us right away.  Were the same kind of friendly easy to work with folks we met in Scottsdale.  We turned the second car in at the airport in Las Vegas.  We didn't have the same car as our paperwork, we had no paperwork for the second car.  We were afraid it would either be super easy or super intense once we turned the car in.  The assistant Manager, Nick, greeted us and thanked us, sent us on our way.  The easiest thing ever!
