5	Ok, OK, there is one of these practially on every block... So what is so special about this one. Since my kids love sandwiches, we have been to many of these and this one is great because:Service - The manager and staff are pleasant, well trained, friendly and treat you like family.Food - Come on, it is basically the same. I cannot compare.  But I will recommend that you use the Italian Herb and Cheese bread, have your sandwich toasted, and put all you want on it, but then use the spices, the sweet onion dressing, and oregano and you will be set!Price - Like all the subways, reasonable.What really makes this place is that the service is just phenomenal.Check it out!
5	I come here pretty often and always get the same sandwich(veggie patty)...its easy to miss this one on the menu...but its yum!The veggie patty is baked and has vegetable(me duh)..:)Even when its busy, like all subways, service is quick!Its my healthy fix and I see myself going here a lot more in the summer..
4	Yes, it's a Subway BUT it's a special Subway.  How?  It's deserted! Unlike the other Green Valley Parkway location, this place lacks the lunchtime herds of Zappos employees.  I love you, Zappos kids, but not from 12-1 p.m.  This place is also quiet the other 23 hours a day, so, you'll likely be first in line. Sucks for the owners, awesome for me.Service-  Employees here are eerily polite (like they're friendly robots) and super quick.Food -  It's your standard Subway.  Not exciting, not disgusting.  That's probably the best to be said about a Subway.
5	Great staff, great sandwiches, great service, great atmosphere.  In essence, great everything :)  If you took a snapshot of my  visits with the excellent everything, that's how every experience should be for everyone.
4	It's always a challenge to review a franchise.  It's a Subway,  so the food is going to be the same nation wide.  Subway is always a great alternative if you don't want a burger for lunch.  Since you all know what Subway tastes like I will focus my review on the service.  I go to this one pretty often because I work close to it.  It is usually pretty packed.  I have been once or twice where I didn't have to wait during lunch.  The employees are friendly and to have the "I hate my job" look on their face all the time.  The restaurant is pretty clean too.  I think it is because most people take their food to go.  So if you are in the area try out this Subway.  I'm addicted to the flat bread.  I don't even get the other bread anymore.  Cheers!
5	Honestly the best subway sandwich I've ever had! I got the same thing as always but it was just so dang good! Staff was extremely friendly, fast and efficient. The store was , The location is good right by a Target and plenty of other food choices. And the food was really really good honestly.The bread was really fresh, my veggies were fresh it was all just such a good experience.
5	No issues.  Easy.  I got a 6" meatball sub, which I wasn't super hungry and they did fine on it.  It only cost me $2 + tax.  I was pleasantly surprised, as I didn't even know there was a sale going on.
