4	There will come a point when you decide to go to a restaurant and realsie that indian food, italian food, Chinese food or any other type of standard 'world' restaurant will just not do it for you this time.On that day, I strongly recommend that you try Brazilian Sensation, something that is rather unlike anything you will have ever tasted before.I had a friend who worked here, and on occasion we would go visit her and grab a bite to eat while we were there. The food certainly is different to anything you may have tried before. But dont be put off, the food is always very tasty and fresh - with a lot of flavours such ac oconut, spices and friut being used to give a unique dining experience.However, my friend also said that on most evenings it was essential to book, as the small restaurant (which is sized more like a cafe) fills up quickly and remains full all night. The staff are friendly and generally the atmosphere is very relaxed and some what fun, with bursts of brazilian music on the radio.Truely someting different and worth a try!
4	When I first visited Brazilian Sensation there must have been some sort of party. It was the evening, the place was packed, and whatever was happening it had a carnival atmosphere. Despite the odds I found a seat. The result was a wonderful evening.Brazilian Sensation offers something a little different. A friendly, family owned restaurant that serves real Brazilian snacks and meals. The whole place has an authentic feel, and you get the impression the owners care. It can get a little crowded at the best of times, lunch time tends to be much quieter. You will always feel welcome and relaxed. I didn't recognise the menu much when I first visited but I would definitely recommend the homemade tropical fruit ice cream, especially on a summer's day.Prices are standard for Edinburgh and portions are a good size. Reservations are essential from 5pm onwards. Keep in mind that credit cards are not accepted.For a different flavour of restaurant, try Brazilian Sensation!
4	This cafe/restaurant earns at least 500 cool points for the fact that it's co-owned by a former samba dancer from Brazil (yes, I couldn't help trying to picture her in those outfits!). You'll do a double take when you see some memorabilia on the walls, and realize it's the same woman behind the counter! One of the many cafes around the main Edinburgh University area in George Square, its bright yellow decor is a stark contrast to the city's grey backdrop and screamed at my friend and I to have a little lunch break there. The menu was intriguing, as I'd never thought of having cocunut, shrimp AND chicken all in one dish, but it was delicious! I also tried what's said to be a brazilian signature dish with black beans, which I must warn you did NOT look very appetizing, but I ended up cleaning the plate anyway. Aside from the menu, I've noticed they sell foodstuff as well, and a Brazilian speciality called acai.
4	Family run restaurant which mainly serves a selection of rolls and small dishes during the day, but opens in the evening to provide a more extensive menu in the evening, though do book at least 24 hours in advance as it doesn't open every night. Not every menu item is always available but those that are are delicious. Great puddings too. Very inexpensive for lovely food and atmosphere.
4	There are very few Brazilians in Edinburgh. And we also have a habit of thinking we're the only ones in the city. Because, I mean, why would anyone in their right mind want to move to somewhere as cold and grim as Scotland when we Brazilians could remain in the warmth and sunshine of South America. I feel I should be reviewing this place simply because I'm Brazilian. And as such, I should know if this Brazilian cuisine is any good. But here's the deal: 1) the lady who runs this place is from a different region than I am and 2) that doesn't matter at all. The food is still pretty delicious. Even though it's not the kind of Brazilian food I'm used to. Lunch here is pretty affordable. Before I became a veggie I used to always get the chicken and prawn sandwich. Now I get the black bean sandwich or the cheese and jam sandwich. Which are also tasty. Back in the day, I took my now ex-boyfriend there for his birthday and we had bacalhau that was to die for. The woman who runs the restaurant with her husband also dances for the Samba School and there are portraits of her with the rich and famous peppered around the cafe. Oh, oh oh! Have their chocolate banana cake. It's mouth-watering.
4	As far as food goes this place is five star goodness. The food was excellent. My first Brazilian foray was a definite win and I'm looking forward to returning here to try more of this country's delights. Black beans, chick peas, chicken, palm hearts, spinach parcels, smoked fish, mango ice cream, little Brazilian truffles... Yum. We had a buffet and the food just came out as and when, so plates were passed around constantly and there was lots of sharing and sampling different dishes. Apparently this is just like the Brazilian style of eating so it suited me fine. The restaurant is small, the loos are through the kitchen and the place is run by a husband and wife duo. Their customer service manners fall decidedly short of stellar, but if you let that slide and enjoy the grub you'll be more than satisfied. This place is BYOB, so you can have a reasonably cheap and delicious meal here. They also only take cash. And dress warmly, because the joint is pretty cold!
