4	Whilst out and about today, I stumbled across this little cafe, situated on Elm Row at the Calton Hill end.  I decided to give it a try, and was not disappointed.The inside is small, with around 5 or 6 tables set out, each with a couple of chairs.  The right hand wall was occupied by a drinks chiller, with a chiller doubling as a counter at the back.  They serve the normal cafe range of items - drinks, small cakes, and no doubt paninis and sandwiches as well.Staff greeted me with a smile, and though I only bought one small piece of cake, I would love to be able to go back and sample some more of their food.  I find the shops on Elm Row are so easy to miss, as they are set back from the road, but if you venture in, you'll find gems like this.This is the sort of handy little place you'll want to keep coming back to.  First impressions can be everything, and they ticked the boxes for me.
4	This cafe, recently bought over from an Italian (no surprises here!) has the most tempting counter of food! Situated on Elm Row, I would personally rather grab a bite here to go, or eat at home, as it is quite small but the quality of the food can't be questioned!The staff were extremely friendly, and a woman who worked there assured me there'd be a change of menu by the following week if she could be bothered! I appreciate the numerous specials boards outside the cafe, as the food changes quite often and doesn't start to bore the customers.They've got a clever lay out, as they offer ciabatas, baked potatoes, baguettes, wraps and rolls which can be finished off with any fillings you choose yourself from the counter! The baked potato with chicken filling I had was really good, and to top it off, they are quite cheap as well.
4	Elm Rose, with its neat Rennie Mackintosh styling, offers good quality soup, sandwiches and other lunchtime treats. It's well worth a visit, next time you're in the neighbourhood.Overall, we said: "Elm Rose was pretty good. I don't think they're offering anything too outstanding, but it's a place I'd happily pop in, next time I'm passing. There's much to be said for places that keep things smart and simple, and that's the category into which Elm Rose neatly fits."
