4	If you have a yard of any sort, you know that you need to watch Channel 3 in the mornings for the Garden Guy!! Garden who.?? Yeah, I didn't know about this dude either until we bought the house. And then, all of a sudden everyone I was talking to would mention him. When I saw a few of his videos online, I knew that he was going to be my best friend from now on. Why you ask? Well, he is an organic gardener that provides invaluable advice on how to take care of your gardens without poisoning yourselves and the environment around you. If you have kids, I would pay attention. Anyway, on his website he sells these raised bed vegetable garden thingy's. You know what I mean. I called Poco Verde Landscaping which the garden guy owns and they said they have them. Showed up during a weekday. They couldn't find the raised bed thingy's right away because this is really not a retail store but an actual landscaping business which do design work etc. They do carry all of the Garden Guy's products. www.gardenguy.com. The lady who came out to help me went looking for the raised bed thingy and was gone for a good 15 minutes. She said she had trouble finding the things. Anyway, I am completely satisfied with my purchase. I am on my way to growing some Zucchini, Swiss Chard lettuce and pole beans.
5	We chose Poco Verde upon recommendation of our spa salesperson. Meeting Bob and seeing the very attractive ramada they build sealed the deal. As we had a new build, we had a lot of decisions to make and many changes were made along the way to accommodate price and esthetics.In the end, we have the landscaping that matches our dream. The entire crew is unmatched in the construction industry. Even the care with which the men set the boulders, shows their skill, caring and pride of workmanship. Their paver work is gorgeous and the ramada, complete with some tricky curves, is perfect. When frost threatened, Poco Verde held off planting for a few days.Yes, we thought they might get sick of us while we mulled over what to plant where, and how many plants we needed, and where to put the spa, but through it all each individual was completely helpful, courteous and professional. We wholeheartedly recommend Poco Verde.Joe and Michelle
1	We should have known better. This company certainly operates under the adage of "you get what you pay for." We went with Poco Verde because they gave us the cheapest quote but had I known what a tremendous disappoint this whole experience would be, I would have paid more to work with a more professional company. They started 4 days late (after I had to call and ask what happened), ran out of rock (and didn't tell me, I had to ask why an entire side of our house was left empty) and then had the nerve to compliment their own work. Don't waste your time or your money.
5	We chose Poco Verde to do a makeover of our backyard and have to say they exceeded our expectations of quality of work and timely completion.From the moment we met the site designer through the finished work we knew that Poco Verde was dedicated to their customers with quality work and listening to what the customer wanted (NOT WHAT THEY THOUGHT WAS JUST RIGHT FOR  US).Our project was not a large job but we were always treated with the highest respect and never felt we were being passed over so they could service their high dollar-high profit accounts.During the completion of our project we voice several concerns and questions and there was one minor delay but all our concerns and questions were addressed at once and never longer than the next day in the morning.We will be contracting with Poco Verde again for our front yard project because we feel that Poco Verde is exactly what a consumer wants and needs in the homeowner landscaping market.
5	We chose Poco Verde to landscape our backyard and couldn't have been more pleased with the design and the work. From the moment my husband and I met with Devyn to design our back yard we felt comfortable working with Devyn, and his ideas, design and suggestions proved to be perfect for what we wanted. He listened to us, offered appropriate ideas and answered all our questions. When the work began we could not have been happier or more impressed. The employees who actually cut the stone and laid the patio, built the fountain, stuccoed the fence, built a wall, and planted the plants were all outstanding...professional, cleaned up the yard every evening when they were done for the day, answered any and all questions promptly, and worked tirelessly day after day. We felt we got a very beautiful yard,, and we feel it was money well spent. Each time we sit out on the travertine patio we comment on how pleased we are, and we know we will enjoy our yard for many years to come. Thank you, Poco Verde!
5	We got our back yard re-done with a pool, spa and a BBQ. We made the right decision of going with Poco Verde.  We love our backyard now and the whole experience has been excellent as well. Everything is done in almost two and half months. The crew did a very good job. Working with Bob is very pleasant.  He is very friendly and responded quickly for all my questions and changes. If I have any future backyard projects I would definitely go with them again. I totally recommend this company.
5	We chose Poco Verde, as it was recommended to us by our Home Builder as well as neighbors.  We had a complex plan for our landscaping both front and back.  Bob worked with us diligently from design, to placement, and finalization.  We had to meet stringent HOA Guidelines, and they partnered with us to assure we met each one, with a standard of excellence.  Whenever we had questions and/or concerns, Bob was available and quickly responded to all our needs.  There was no "we cannot do that type of work", it was clearly their mission, to assure they met the challenge of the work, and impressed us with their innovation.  Manny was our Foreman on site every day, and, had an excellent crew of craftsman that made our design come true.  If you want a Landscaping company, that listens, and partners with you to give you the best result possible, look no further, and call Poco Verde Landscaping.  Every time we walk into either our front yard or back yard, we feel like we just stepped into a magazine.  We cannot believe we live here.  Thank you to everyone at Poco Verde who made this dream a reality!  Outstanding!
5	I can't say enough about Poco Verde, they were exceptional to work with they put in a spa, bar, and refurbished our outdoor kitchen. Everything they did was quality work and is very beautiful. From working with Bob on the design Victor on the management and the guys who did the work  it was a very positive experience. I will use them again and recommend them to all my friends.
