5	I have been doing business with Foothills Garage Door and am very pleased with the service that I have received. Steve is honest and points out the options with no pressure to make a decision immediately. He is timely and lets me know that he is on his way. He cleans up and even takes the trash with him.He takes pride in his business and I would recommend him highly to other customers.
5	We called Steve at Foothills Garage Door for an emergency situation.  He gave us an honest estimate (no emergency weekend charge, either) and even reduced the charge when he realized it wasn't as difficult as he first thought.  I am very pleased with the service and won't call anyone else.  I'm proud to support local businesses.  Steve is very professional and knowledgeable.  I would recommend him highly.
5	My garage door spring broke this morning, and was trapped in my garage.  I called and left a message, and received a call within 10 minutes.  Someone was here to fix my issue in an hour, and the price was fair, and everyone I dealt with was courteous and professional.  I got a very good first impression of this company, and I would highly recommend them.
5	Steve's the best!  For sixteen years, he has been maintaining/repairing our garage door.   He is honest, on time, and knows what he is doing!!!!!
5	Steve is as good as it gets. He installed many doors for me in many homes. I called him with need for a service call and he gave me advice on how to do it myself for free! Honest, reliable and good at what he does.
5	Great service from Bill!Was leaving for work one morning and found the spring on my garage door had broken sometime during the night. Thought I could just lift it manually...wrong! Way too heavy. After calling a few different companies only to find they couldn't come til later in the day, I called Foothills Garage Doors.Within 2 hours, Bill arrived and showed me what happened. Not only did he fix it promptly, he also tested the opener on our other garage door, made some adjustments, and got it running smoothly too! Great customer service. Would definitely use again and refer to a friend. Thanks Bill!
5	Had a double-door spring break on Saturday afternoon after Foothills was closed for the day.  Called another place, thought I'd made an appointment, but the woman answering the phone screwed up the appointment date/time.  So Sunday night I left a message on Foothills' answering machine.  Got a call back first thing this morning, and by 10:30am, I was back in business.The tech, Bill, was courteous and speedy.  Knew what he was doing and got right to it.  Great response and service.
