2	I realize that they just opened recently, but they need to really work on organization.  Once they couldn't find the order I phoned in and another time they were so confused that No one was going to ring up my order. I had to flag someone down that was prepareing another order so I could pay. With that said, the Tasty Turkey sandwich is very good but I feel they need to delegate better what each employee is supposed to be doing.
4	I love the food, if only they were better at getting the order right. They consistently prepare orders incorrectly & it becomes frustrating when they get annoyed. They are also frequently out of popular items. At 12, they should have a good stock of bagels for the lunch crowd.
5	Fast service. Good food. Love the pre-made salads you can buy. Chai tea is amazing so if you like chai tea from Starbucks definitely try it here too! All the employees are nice and always have a smile on their face. Easy to find if you've never been here before, good sign to where you can spot it right away. Parking lot is big but if there is not spots you can always park by Walgreens. Sandwiches are all good but their paninis are the best! The store is not that big itself so there is not a lot of seating inside but there is some seating outside which is nice they thought of that. Lines can long, but usually they aren't that long if you go mid-morning, late afternoon.
2	SLOWWWWWWWWWW Service.  I walked right up to place my order - 1 plain bagel, 1 bagel toasted with cream cheese.  12 minutes later i still stood with only 1 bagel.... waiting on the toasted one to be ready. i'm typically a patient person but when i see FOUR employee's there is no excuse for it to take that long to serve up a single toasted bagel.
2	Okay so I'm a regular at this location. Just about every day my son and I come in for a coffee, smoothie and a couple of bagels. I spend about $15 4 days a week and each morning they stamp a makeshift coffee card from a business card they have. This morning I was told there are no longer going to honor the free coffee after 5 stamps. I have to say I was very disappointed to hear that. Although I do think the staff is excellent, I also think that giving a free coffee to a regular is not too much to ask for. I will be heading back into Cave Creek to the coffee shops I use to go to.
4	Great service by all employees. They're all so friendly and go out of their way to remember your name. It should be easy cause I'm a regular.Food is so-so, but what do you expect from a bagel. I haven't had their sandwiches. I dig the iced coffees but make sure you specify "iced". It sometimes gets confused with 'frozen'.
1	The most disorganized mess of a crew I've seen. Total lack of leadership and accountability. I'm a frequent customer and it's not getting any better. Don't order anything special at all, they will surely miss what's clearly displayed 2 feet in front of them and hand you an incorrect order without fail. It's pretty pathetic and sad that a "franchise" could be operated so poorly when the majority of the guesswork in running a business has been removed for you. Cheers to the next 3 store managers!
4	friendly service.  My order took a bit longer than expected but a sincere apology from supervisor made it all good!  Great egg sandwhiches and a very clean store.  Patio seating is AWESOME!
5	Went in this morning expecting just a regular visit to einstien's but I was surprised at how amazing this one was, everyone working was very friendly. They quickly got my order in and to my surprise they had way more of a coffee selection than any other Einstein's I've ever been to. On top of that they had all their milks full along with the sugar and other things to compliment the coffee. Around the time I finished making my coffee the sandwich I ordered was ready. They knocked It out of the park. Friendly service, great food, and even better coffee. Defiantly the best Einstien's in AZ. Thanks guys!
4	This is a very nice clean place, but they take the wrong bagel for let's say a sandwich a lot otherwise I love taking my kids here for breakfast when I can.
2	My review is on EB bagels in general, they are just ok. A good bagel should be *firm* on the outside, and chewy on the inside. EB bagels are only slightly firm on the outside, and mushy in the inside. Go to Chicago (Kaufman's) or NYC to see what I mean. So I can't fault this location, but I guess they just play to the whims of the masses.Second beef, (can't post the real price) is *ridiculous* for a bagel. There can't be twenty cents worth of labor, electricity, ingredients and overhead in that thing. Prices are just too high for what you get.So bagels are meh, coffee is just ok, service is good, location is fine. Just nothing special or noteworthily here. Same as the one down the street.Yawn.
