3	The DawgFather Grill on Central Avenue is a newly opened establishment in a somewhat unfortunate location on Highland and Central, adjacent to an exotic bird store, across the street from a Yelp favorite, Mazies. I hope their rent is low, because this place looks like it is going to have a hard time. On a Thursday night around 7:30, I arrived ready to have a big, juicy, all-beef frank which they advertized on their website as one I couldn't refuse. Well, I'd have to refuse the hot dog itself, but everything else I'd take in moderation. For starters, this restaurant used to be a hot dog cart in various Phoenix and Las Vegas locations, and they expanded to a restaurant back in December of 2010. Generally from a hot dog cart, you find the food hit and miss, depending on the cart, but this restaurant got both the hit and miss in one building. They bake their tater tots, which taste oh so glorious... nothing special about the tots themselves, and they taste like store bought tots, but I've never had them baked, and it seem to really make a difference. They were crispy, but not greasy, and had a perfect mix of salt and pepper. For $2, the portion was over the top large. Unfortunately, that was the end of the tremendous praise I'd be paying to Dawgfather. I'm not picky about my Chicago Hot Dog, really. As long as it's made properly with mustard, celery salt, sport peppers, tomatoes, relish, onion, pickle spear, and a steamed poppy bun, I'm good to go. DawgFather got it all right, except two ingredients, which unfortunately are the most important ones, the bun and the dog. The bun used for the Chicago dog was a standard white bread bun, slightly toasted, which is a huge no, and the dogs themselves, which I'm assuming are the advertised Eisenberg dogs, are not Eisenberg's best work. The small, leathery dog was almost hidden underneath all the toppings. I would rather have had a big juicy plump Hebrew National dog with the same toppings, which they did a perfect job with.After my meal, I was told I could have chosen between a steamed poppy bun and the grilld white bun, they were then told I could have been notified that when I ordered. The point may all be moot anyway, as I only saw one other customer come in during the hour that we sat in the restaurant. Unless this place takes off quickly, it's going to be hemmoraging money faster than Bret Michael's brain. Another quick add, is the "chef" here at DawgFather, is a really nice and helpful guy. He seems extremely interested in making sure his customers are happy and telling them everything they need to know to order what they would want. They certainly get it when it comes to people skills, but as for choosing which dog to sell to the customers, and how to assemble the dog, they are losing as of right now.... which isn't to say it's not normal for Arizona hot dog carts.
5	This is a perfect lunch stop if you're ever downtown - amazing dawgs, great prices, faygo rootbeer, and a homey atmosphere. I happened to walk in on a poor guy trying to beat their "big dawg challenge" - he ended up in the parking lot with his attempt before him.
5	I have got to give it up to these 2 wise guys! They are the champs of great service and great food.  One day I will take that great challenge just to see if I can do it. The had my heart at my first bite of Philly Cheese steak.. Gotta love that Nacho wiz....
5	There are far too few hot dog places in Phoenix. Of the few that are out there, most are pretty good. But Dawgfather is now the best around.Most people talk about two things; the service and challenge. OK, let's talk about those for a moment.The Dawgfather Challenge is really a ridiculous amount of food, but the quality matches the quantity. I recommend it to anyone looking for a mountain of food.And the guys down there are far beyond typical friendliness. They make people feel at home and they're always willing to have a good time with you.But what doesn't get mentioned as often is how genuinely great the hot dogs are. Phoenix hasn't really embraced the hot dog culture, so it's really wonderful to have a good New York dog or a really well done Texas dog. The hot dogs are great quality meat and the preparation is top notch.OK, they don't have much love for a good old Detroit dog, but you can get Faygo, so that makes up for it a little bit.One word of warning. Their dogs are hot, they bring them right off the grill so give them a moment to cool down.Hats off to these guys.
5	This place is awesome and the owner is very personable with everyone that walks through his restaurant. Right across from the light rail so very convenient. The food is def like being in New York! I mean probably the best hot dogs in town and a very good selection as well!
5	Had lunch here with the coworkers and pretty sure I am going to dream of this place later tonight when I fall asleep.  The menu boasts 13 different "dawg" choices as well as burgers, pastrami, Polish beef, Philly cheese steaks, salads wraps for the weak people and non fried goodness from the oven of fries, tots, and onion rings.  I ordered the Texas Dawg which was the dog, onion, cheddar cheese, bacon, onion rings and BBQ sauce but asked to omit the BBQ which they were happy to oblige.  The owner brought out our orders and was hilarious giving us all a hard time for the ingredient omissions we all asked for.  My Texas Dawg was shortened to a Tex Dawg since I 86'd the BBQ and my friends Chicago Dawg was shortened to a Chhhhhhh Dawg since she asked for no mustard, relish or peppers.My work lunch group has been looking for authentic Sonora Dawg for around 6 months now and we were excited to see the DawgFather offered one.  A lot of other places claim to have them but the bacon needs to be WRAPPED around the dog while it is cooked, not just included in the bun and the DawgFather version did not disappoint.The place is small so if you have a big entourage, you might have to stand outside but there are booths and tables inside as well as out in front.  Dawgs are made to order so they do take some time but are def worth the wait so be patient!  No beer /wine/liquor as of yet but the owner talked with us about possibly making the place BYOB so the alchys like me can enjoy their Dawg with a nice cold one.The Dawg Father is a must if you are in the CenPho area and a can't miss for hot dog fans, a great find!
4	Bummer, I should have got a first review on this one but I'm lazy.Anyways, here goes. The Dawg Father Grill opened around the end of 2010. I stumbled upon it a little after it opened. As mentioned by the other reviewer the Chef used to run hotdog carts in Vegas and other places.Dawg Father serves burgers, hotdogs, cheesesteaks, a chicken caesar salad or wrap and itallian beef. Drinks consist of canned and bottled soda, teas as well as water. Sides options include a bag of chips, tater tots and french fries. That's the basics.On my first trip in to a hotdog joint I opted for the cheesesteak. Who does that? I do. I figure if you're going to be so bold as to be a hotdog joint that serves cheesesteaks as well, then they're either going to be pretty good or horrible. Their cheesesteak lies somewhere in the middle. While I enjoyed the cheesesteak I walked away slightly confused. The bun was good. The veggies were good. The steak was good. The weird part came with the cheese sauce which I believe was some sort of nacho cheese sauce. I don't actually have a problem with that but it's just not right on a traditional cheesesteak and at the very least should be declared on the menu before one consumes the cheesesteak. I really feel some sort of other cheesesauce should be in order and the nacho cheese could be used on some sort of southwest cheesesteak maybe.The cheeseburger I had was excellent. Cheese melted perfectly atop the beef which was pretty good. The bun was great and I was happy. Thumbs up on the cheeseburger for sure.Now for the hotdogs. I started writing this review in January and have just been too lazy to finish it and had not really had much for hotdogs at the time so here goes. While I'm not that exciting or daring of a guy when it comes to hotdogs I finally dove in a had a hotdog that wasn't just plain with mustard. The hotdog I had was the philly cheesesteak dog. It was good. I really don't know what to say though. I felt weird after eating it. My mind and tummy were full of confusing and mixed emotions. It was so right yet so wrong. My comments are not meant to dissuade you at all it's just that there was too much going on with the dog for me. I would try it again maybe with a different cheese. If that doesn't appeal to you then you'll surely find some other crazy hotdog on the menu that will. These guys are all over the place with crazy dogs. They've even got an extreme dog which is half hamburger/half hotdog. They serve Eisenberg and Vienna Beef dogs. I had never heard of Eisenberg but as a semi-fat guy that has consumed a pretty good variety of dogs over the years I was impressed with the taste. I think Dawg Father/Refi Guy made a good choice in his picking of the Eisenberg brand. As long as this place is opened I will forever stop in and get a plain dog with mustard because it's good and makes me happy.I hope this place lasts because it's nice to see a guy try and experiment a little bit with his menu and it's a nice alternative to the Dog House.4 stars for their boldness and daring in their menu. 4 stars for them being personable.Stop in and give them a try!
2	Well, I finnaly got the chance to ceck this place out.  What a letdown.  Figured I would go basic and order a Chicao Dog and Fries.  Probably one of the worst chicao Dogs I have ever had and I did not like the oven baked fries at all.No poppy bun as I was told they either did not get delivered or they were stolen.  That aside the brown crust was flaking off of the plain roll, like old bread does.  The roll had already started coming apart before I could pick it up.  Need less to say it quickly didintegrated as soon as I bit in.  The pickle was limp and broken.  This a small place that could do a good lunch business I suspect if quality was better.  Oneother note, mop the floor every night and when no one is at the register send the cashier out to wipe off tables...I mean really!I guess I will keep looking...
3	I liked our experience at the Dawgfather Grill, but I left hungry, so that's why it got only 3 stars. I'm a Sedona native, and I am spoiled by the best hot dogs in the State (in the Western States, actually) at Simon's Hot Dogs in Sedona. Why? It's because they are larger than the normal skinny wiener you get off a hot dog cart. Those babies are plump and they fill you up.But at Dawgfather Grill, they are just like cart dogs. That's OK, because it is authentic. But hey, I paid close to $4 for a New Yorker, and it was gone in about 4 bites. That's a buck a bite -- not a good deal. These dogs need to be bigger. Really enjoyed the tater tots and the great service from the young man and his father, the "Dawgfather," who kept us laughing. They sell a very good Chicken Caesar Wrap, which my wife enjoyed. It's a small spot on Central, a bit hard to reach because you have to do a u-turn going south on Central, but I hope to visit them again and try something that will be a bit more filling than the New Yorker. Perhaps the Dawgfather can come up with a super NYC dog using a larger sausage, or perhaps a 2-for-1 special on certain days of the week.  I could eat good hot dogs all day long.
4	I had a great time getting takeout from this place. The owner was there with his little girls and one other employee and was a blast to chit chat with all of them. Great service. The food was delicious. My boyfriend and I split three: the Chicago dog, the Cheesesteak dog, and a Reuben dog. The Reuben was topped with an onion ring and was to die for! Going back I'll hold the cheese sauce on the Cheesesteak and probably order a fourth dog. Two each would have left us stuffed, but one each just wasn't enough. I hope they come up with some good vegetarian options so I can justify going there more often. Also, they should add a spicy challenge to their food challenge! For those that say the location is unfortunate I disagree. It's right across from the Central and Camelback park and ride which makes it extremely convenient for all of us light rail commuters. Many dinners in my future will be takeout from the Dawg Father on my way home. What a great find!
4	I went here for the first time with a groupon. I ordered a Pastrami Dog, and "Dirty Fries" which are baked fries with Cheese, Philly Cheesteak Meat, caramalized onions, bell peppers. Very good, just not good for you. The Pastrami Dog was great as well. Went back a 2nd time with my wife and I got the Philly Cheesteak Dog, "Dirty Tots" (Same as dirty fries, but with tater tots). My wife got the Sonoran Dog. Both were very good. I LOVED the chees sauce on top of the Philly Cheesteak Dog. All in all, I've met the owner, great guy!  Everyone that I've met there have been very helpful, and they know about all of the hot dogs which is nice. They have a great menu, which appears to be expanding. I will most definitely be going back.
4	The DawgFather Grill is just around the corner from my office, so it was only a matter of time until I decided to go check it out.When I first went there, the woman behind the corner surprisingly didn't seem all that enthused about the hot dogs, so I took her advice and got the philly cheesesteak sandwich. It was ok, but I didn't really think it was all that great. As such, I resolved to actually try a hot dog the next time I came.When I next visited, I ordered one of their big dawgs (1/4 lb angus beef) with all the toppings (ketchup, mustard, onions, relish, and shredded cheese). I also ordered a normal-sized version of one of their Jersey dawgs, which is deep fried and has only mustard on it.Summary: The Big Dawg was simply delicious, and perfectly matched my definition of a good hot dog. The Jersey Dawg was ok, but the normal-sized hotdog just seemed ridiculously thin in comparison to the Big Dawg... so do yourself a favor and only ever order the Big Dawg size.One downside: If you are traveling south on Central, this place can be a bit of a pain to get to since you have to do a u-turn at the next intersection (just to get over the light rail). If you're going north on Central, however, it's super-easy to drop in real quick, grab a hotdog, and head on your merry way.
4	The Dawgfather is a fun little hot dog joint everyone should give a try! My wife and I went in on a couple of Groupon offers for here, and from the sounds of things, a lot of others did too! We decided to drop by on a Saturday afternoon and were quickly greeted with a hello and hearty menu. This place has regional dogs from all over the nation. Picking out the right dog for you is simply a matter of taste! Taste being the key since they only use high quality meat and toppings. Price wise the dogs and sides are reasonable too. I went with a couple of Coney dogs, and my wife tried a Philly Dog. The Conies were $3.89ea and the Philly was just under $5. $5 may sound high for a dog, but again you can expect high quality Philly steak on top. The chili, cheese, and onions on my Coney dog were fresh and packed each bite with flavor. On the side we decided to split an order of tots ($2). Unlike some places that serve tots, these were light, crispy, lightly salted, and actually tasted like potato! My only complaints were with the parking and drink prices. Parking can be a challenge if Central Ave has any significant traffic. You have to back out onto Central when leaving. My other complaint is the price of drinks. This is more personal preference then reality. They only serve cans and bottles of soda. We went with bottles of soda at a cost of $1.79 each. Overall this little gem will certainly be a place I'll visit again and again
4	Hot dogs are very good. I think outside of Alice Cooperstown this is the best hot dog in the Phoenix area. Up for a challenge? Try their Dawgfather challenge which is 5.5lbs of food. Not into self inflicted pain? Then just get one of their hot dogs, they are very good 1/4lb dogs. If you can eat it in 30 minutes, it's on the house!
5	Without a doubt the best hot dogs in the city.  Hot dogs are covered in just about anything you can think of from the Jimmy the Greek with Gyro, the Torcher with Eggs, Bacon and Jalapenos, to the Philly with peppers, cheese, and extra yumminess.Fantastic tiny little establishment.  Every time we have been there the owner comes out and talks to us.  Parking a little problem in a weird location, but it doesn't stop us from getting in there.  This place going into our weekly lunch rotation.
