1	DO NOT BUY YOUR DOG HERE!!!!! Purchased my dog here and they told me that they don't buy from puppy mills and that there is a money back guarantee, both of which are lies. My dog was sick from the moment we got him. We took him to doctors all over the country to find out what was wrong with him. Turns out after almost three years that he had chronic renal failure the WHOLE time. They include a certificate with each purchase to prove the dogs lineage. I did a bit of research and discovered the "breeder" listed was a puppy mill that had been cited many times by the city for health violations. I know that it could just be that we got the one bad dog that ever came from that puppy mill but I also know that a real breeder would take every necessary step to ensure the health of all their pups not just turning a profit. please protect yourself and DO NOT BUY A DOG HERE!!!!!!!When I called about getting some money back to make up for the thousands I have had to spend at the vet they said that since we didn't take him to their doctor the entire time they wouldn't give me any money back. I couldn't go to that doctor because I moved six months after I got my dog. On top of that when I called to tell that what had happen and complain they mocked me asking me if "I had nothin better to do with my time." DO NOT BUY YOUR DOG HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please do not support this company. Petlands all over the country are getting shut down because of their unscrupulous practices please see that this location is next.  DO NOT BUY YOUR DOG HERE!!!!!!!
1	Went to get a parakeet for my little brother and was told the birds had been hand fed and raised, but they were just a little shy and needed some time to be reintroduced to human hands. What a lie! That bird had never been handled in her life. She bit viciously and refused to eat or drink, she became dehydrated within two days and we had to take her back. The staff at Petland were SO RUDE! They demanded to know why we were returning her, then went and yelled at the guy who gave us the misinformation (it was true, they had not been hand raised), and then THAT guy came up to the counter to snap at us and ripped the bird out of our hands to throw it back in the cage with the rest of the parakeets.Horrible customer service, and terribly overpriced. They had tons of puppy mill puppies in tiny cages stacked along the walls, and a beautiful Goffin Cockatoo that they wanted $1700, which is more than twice the going rate for Goffins. Will never go back there, don't bother wasting your time or money going to Petland.
1	My partner and I purchased a puppy from this location and the owners got the paperwork mixed up with our dachshund with another. We were sold a dog that was supposedly nurtured but after a visit to the vet they confirmed the dog hadn't been. We contacted the store and they apologized for the mix up and told us they would send the corrected paperwork (a month later) we then asked about the neutering and were told they wouldn't pay for the service unless it was with their vet. This was unacceptable as they work with VCA Black Mountain and they were nothing to brag about. I told the employee that I would accept compensation in the amount they would pay that vet and I would take my puppy to my Vet which I thought was reasonable but he refused. The sad part was the employee had to play messenger and the owner wouldn't even come out the back room. These people who own this place are complete losers and I hope that karma catches up with them one day. Please seek other options! We love our pet and wouldn't trade him for the world but will never deal with these shady people again.
3	After reading all the reviews here regarding puppy mills and Petland it makes me a bit sad. I have never bought a dog here, but I do shop here for pet related items such as dog food and dog treats.Petland has a credit card you can acquire to use, which I have and which is why I sometimes go out of my way to buy dog food here. Sometimes they will run really good specials on dog food (I got a large bag of Science Diet for only $25.99). When you buy certain items here once you buy so many you get one free. Each time you purchase they will give you a receipt and tell you how many more items to go before you receive your free purchase. Anytime I have gone in the staff is actually quite nice. There has never been a time I haven't been greeted or been asked if I needed help carrying my dog food out to my car. Unfortunate to hear about the puppy mill situation, but honestly, I am pretty aware of the fact that places like this get their dogs from mills. I'm not condoning it, but the 3-star rating is not based off of that fact, just my experiences in the store.
1	Tried to buy a pug here.  They offered a pug for $1700.  This is an extremely high price for a pug puppy that doesn't have championship lines.  But Petland explained that the price included microchipping, and registration.  I was unsure but they agreed to drop 200.  I was ecstatic but when I went to purchase they tacked on a 150 mandatory fee for microchipping and registration that justified the $1700 fee in the first place.  It was a total bait and switch at the register.  The discount they agreed to was offset with a mysterious mandatory fee that they never mentioned before.  I felt I was about to be swindled from a store that I knew had a dubious reputation...so I walked out without the puppy.  Sad about losing the puppy, but felt the sales people were very shady.
3	This place is RIDICULOUSLY overpriced. I don't know why every animal in there has a price tag of at least $2000. I can understand that they MAY be AKC registered (which looking at the paperwork is hard to believe.) and that makes them more valuable but let's be honest, these are animals from a PET STORE. Not a reputable breeder or a shelter. You can get a true AKC registered pet from a breeder for HALF the cost and with higher care of the animal. I give kudos to this place for making people sanitize their hands before touching the animals (unlike Pet Pros) however I did see them giving some of their puppies PINK water, which causes suspicion to the health of these animals. Usually when Pet Stores give animals water with "medicine" in it, it is so that they will pass the initial vet exam...(keep them healthy until their out of our care then who care's if they die). It's unfortunate but true. If you are going to purchase an animal from here and not go through a reputable breeder or adopt from a shelter, proceed with caution. Like a wise man once told me; "Expect the worst, hope for the best."
1	DO NOT BUY FROM PETLAND! I bought my little guy, November 18, 2006 from the Petland in Henderson, NV. I was told that he was a full blood miniature poodle. It was mandatory to take him to the VCA Black Mountain Vet in the first couple of days. They found a heart murmur and he wasn't over his kennel cough. When I took him back to be checked the vet office had lost his paperwork, so I took him to another vet. Thank God for the new vet who worked in cardiology. As Tomy got older his heart murmur got worse. To the point we were referred to the Vet Referral Clinic to see a vet who specialized in cardiology. After 2 years on medication, his condition got worse. To the point we talked about quality of life. Since he was only 4 years old, my vet referred us to southern CA to a specialist and he had a balloon inserted into a major artery to expand the artery that was closing near his heart. He was getting to the point he could barely run without having to lay down. He was always breathing heavy. In researching Tomy's background, I found he was born in a puppy mill. I didn't know anything about puppy mills until this point. He was not a full blooded poodle but part toy schnauzer also. AKC will register any breeder regardless of the living standards of the dogs. His lineage is wrong on the paperwork. They state you can return your pet within 48 hours. My God you have already developed a relationship with your pet. There was no way I was taking him back. I didn't realize there was the amount of problems with Petland until a few years later. Do to his heart murmur being a pre-existing condition insurance didn't cover any of the medical bills. Tomy is going to be 7 years old and has been having ultra sounds for the last 5 years and will continue for the rest of his life. His surgery was over $5000 and with the rest of the medical bills regarding his heart I have spent close to $15,000. I do not regret saving my baby from that horrible place because not everyone would pay that kind of money. It makes me sick every time I have to drive by Petland. DO NOT BUY FROM PETLAND!
3	Okay yes this place is over price but I come to find out that you can actually negotiate with them...petland is worldwide and each are actually private owned. I emailed a petland in texas for a dog and it was way cheaper I mean a lot cheaper than here in vegas and it also came with a better package deal...but if you think of buying in petland try negotiating first...you can actually bring hundreds of dollars down to where it actually suppose to cost....
5	My husband and I were in town for the week and missing our kitties at home. We've seen Petland every time we've been in Henderson and finally decided to go inside for some "fur therapy". ;) We were greeted by several staff as we walked in and were made to feel welcome from the start. We started off perusing the puppy kennels, trying to decide which one we wanted to play with. As we made our way to the back of the store, we spotted the ferrets & wanted to hold one of them. The employee came back right away and got one out. She was very knowledgable and engaged in easy conversation with us until we were done cuddling the ferret. We then went to pick a puppy to cuddle. We picked a teeny-weenie ;) and had fun playing and loving him for about 20 minutes. The staff was attentive the entire time we were there and the attitudes were positive even though we made it clear from the start that we were from out of town and wouldn't be making a purchase. The puppy kennels were clean and the puppies were all very healthy looking, alert and playful. The cages for the other animals; birds, guinea pigs, ferrets, lizards, etc, were all very clean and the animals seemed very healthy. Staff were knowledgable and friendly. We will be making Petland a regular stop on our yearly trips to Henderson. :)
1	i don't even want to give this craphole one star.  They sell sick puppies, and not just ours.  This is all a scam, they are in bed with the warranty company and the vet vca black mountain.  We love our puppy however it is very sick and no one, and i mean no one wants to step up to the plate to resolve this issue.  So much for the customer is always right, only here is the customer always wrong.  i am disgusted at the manager at this petland, all Mr Nice guy to your face and as any business manager would be after spending $4000.oo in one night in his store for not just the puppy but a conure also.  Our puppy has eye problems that are very serious and it just feels like no one cares, well, except Dr. bennett and Dr. fuentes.  Do not even walk into this store to "play with puppies", your heart strings will get pulled and the regrets many, except for the very fact that we love our little girl and always will, unlike the petland manager, pawsolutions (their sucky warranty company and the head of vca black mountain).  i won't stupe so low to say names, they know who they are, but shame on all of you for how you conduct your business.  this petland was closed down for issues in the past, i am hoping it gets shut down again.  Incidentally, when we had our puppy in for her eye issues, a young man had a bull dog that was 9 mos old also bought from petland, same one, and was more than likely going to lose his puppy.  He was having seizures and was in and out of consciousness.  I know we are not the only ones who have had to have such misfortunes and i say mis fortune very emphatically.  You will pay way too much for a dog that will only cost thousands more when all is said and done.  In the end,Ii know we will be providing paperwork from a licensed veterinary opthamalogists very soon that will prove that what she has is obviously congenital, they will have to return our money, but nothing can ever return the stress, aggravation and such personal indifference we have received from those individuals i chose not to name.  karma, karma, karma!!!!!!!!!  life will give you yours when it's time. keep treating people and dogs by looking the other way, when it means you may have to step up to the plate and you find a way out of it, it will make your wallet fat, but will be sure to curse you in the end.
4	I know that so many people say not to buy from pet stores and my family usually rescues but this time it was my boyfriend and I trying to find a puppy. He's never had a dog before and most shelters don't have puppies. So we visited petland a few times before we found our beautiful shiba inu. We took him to the vet that they're affiliated with and we really like them and continue to take him there. The only thing he had was kennel cough for a few weeks but with some antibiotics he got over it. The only complaint I have about petland is that the girl who take of us told us that shiba inus shed very little. She obviously wasn't informed because our shiba sheds like crazy!
1	Horrible experience rude unprofessional staff not to mention over priced !
5	I love this petland very nice staff I  got my puppy cocker very sweet girl had a wonderfully expericen she was the best she suggested everything for my princess very helpful I would recommend if u want good puppy service ... Thank you Brittany I highly recommend  her .. Thank you
1	I could cry every time I drive by this store because I know the poor babies are sitting in there with no blankets,  no toys,  nothing. I went in it once to buy a certain kind of food. It was the first and last time. I confronted one of the workers and asked if the puppies would ever get out, she said no. Only if a customer wanted to play with them. But she assured me that they were fine. WHAT??????? Oh yeah - and of course you don't  purchase from puppy mills! What certified breeder who cares about their dog would sell his babies to a puppy store!?!? Every person with some common sense knows better than that. Can't wait for the day when Nevada finally bans these kind of businesses! Adopt - don't shop!
1	We purchased a French bulldog puppy from here two days ago and today I took him in for his free vet check up. He has a respiratory infection and he has blood in his stool, both since we brought him home. The free vet is a very far drive for me and I'm worried they won't be honest regarding results of the fecal analysis so I will be taking him to my vet closer to home. The dr. at black mountain animal hospital stated that if I did so, my health warranty would be  void. Our puppy was very overpriced but I wanted to get him out of there. Our salesperson was nice but I did notice the other girls in the store were just trying to make sales. They also don't require any kind of adoption application which is scary. I thought that selling sick puppies was illegal in NV?
1	This place was SHUT DOWN in 2008 when the franchise owners sued Petland Corporate over the un profitability of selling sick puppy mill puppies.   (Google it) Well apparently the lawsuit got settled because it's back...Same gross place.  The only nice thing I can say about it is it has a large parking lot.  No I am not paying $1000 for an American Eskimo puppy that might have kennel cough!
1	Terrible prices and service.  Their yorkies start at 3k.  They are out of their mind.
4	I purchased my baby puppy here and she has been such a blessing, I have had no issues with her whatsoever, and everything was so hassle free, employees were extremely helpful and process was easy. Would definitely recommend others to this place. The only reason why it's not 5 stars is because it was somewhat pricey spent almost $3500 for a Yorkie, we'll worth it though. Don't mind paying extra for hassle free purchases.
1	Many people have told me not to buy a puppy from a pet store.  I wasn't planning on doing it but the breed we wanted is hard to come by in shelters and local breeders weren't planning litters in the near future.  Petland ended up having the puppy we wanted and it's just really hard to say no to a little puppy.To their credit, the staff at Petland did seem to be concerned about the well-being of the animals.  They made sure we cleaned our hands with purel before handling the animals.  They also asked a few questions about the home we would be taking the dog to.  I have no idea if they would have refused the sale if our answers had been sketchy, but it did provide a level of comfort.One of the biggest selling points was that each puppy comes with a free new puppy kit.  After we got home and I started filing the paperwork, however, I noticed that the price of the dog was $400 less than the quoted price.  In other words, we paid $400 for our free new puppy kit.  I dont mind paying for those things, but I do mind being scammed.  Just tell me it's a bundle that is recommended and I'll probably pay more for it.  No deception needed.Speaking of deception, let's talk about the warranty.  Petland offers several health warranties with new puppies.  Each has a various time limit on it depending on the health issue.  The catch here is that all veterinary exams and treatments need to be performed at the vet specified by Petland.  No costs from another clinic will be covered and all warranties are voided if you dont go to their vet within five days of purchase.  Petland warranties the dogs against having intestinal parasites.  If your dog is found to have any kind of intestinal parasite, Petland will pick up the tab for the exam and the treatment.  What they dont pick up, however, is the follow up exam to ensure that the parasites are gone.  In short, they don't really cover anything.Finally, the purchase experience at Petland was just generally unpleasant.  The clerk who helped us out was really pushy.  She was more concerned with selling gluten free dog food than she was about telling us the dog's vaccine record.  Since we purchased the dog on a Petland credit card she kept trying to tell us that we could buy whatever we wanted since we weren't paying for it.  That's not how credit works.  Also, at the APR of that card, we're paying for it.  Twice.We absolutely love our dog and we wouldn't trade him for anything.  Now that he is healthy and rid of his parasites and kennel cough, he's doing great.  Do yourself a favor and just avoid Petland for any purchases.  There are plenty of resources online to tell you what you need when you have a new pet joining the house.
1	HORRIBLE!! I saw a dog that I just adored and planed to get him in a few days so I told one of the girls there and she told me it was fine and that they were able to hold him for up to a week, then I called two days later and they said he was still on hold for me. So I came in that night and I didn't see him. So I asked one if the girls. And she checked his file and told me he was sold 3 days ago. The night that I put him in hold. Wtf.
5	It doesn't matter where the pet comes from, it matters where the pet is going. A lot of these review are complaints saying that the puppies come from "mills." Honestly, does it matter? It matters where the pet is going. If you buy a pet, treat the pet as your own baby. Don't return it if it's sick. That's like wishing to abort a child when you know he/she has a defect. I understand puppies here are over $1k-almost $3500. But, they do finance. I bought my first puppy here. She, Tacoma, is a pure bred Siberian husky. Was 3 months, healthy, and very playful when we played with her. I fell in love. Had to buy her. She is now 2 yrs+ old-- great dog to go running, walking, hiking, etc with. I took Tacoma to puppy school and she was always the first to learn a new trick and obeys very well. Like I said, it's now where they are from, it's where they are going. Luckily, Tacoma is healthy, but the thing is, I take her to get her shots and get checked annually, & of she were sick, I would do anything and everything for my pup bcos she's my baby. I don't care if people say she came from a "mill"
5	I love petland. Most of the reviews on here sound very ignorant and like you believe everything you read on the internet. I have purchased a puppy from here and thoroughly read the warranty prior to leaving. I understood what I signed. Puppies get sick regardless of where you get them! Petland has thoroughly helped me with training and other concerns I had about getting a puppy. I'm sure I speak for many when I say petland did a great job with my newest member of the family and I will be going back again.
1	If I can give them negative stars, I would. DO NOT BUY any puppies from Petland or any pet stores. By doing this, you are simply supporting puppymills. And these puppymills will continue to practice and produce bad breeding because people buy them. A reputable breeder WILL NEVER EVER sell their puppies to a business instead of finding them a great home. The "It's not where it's from, it's where it is going" is simply an excuse. Granted, you want the cute little puppy you can raise and call it your own. I've been there. But please do your research and look what's available in rescues. There are reputable breeders all over the country that cares about their puppies and will provide you a health warranty for congenital and hereditary conditions. Speaking of "warranty" Petland claims  "WarrantyWe Stand Behind the Puppies We Sell: Our puppies come with a 14 day warranty covering infectious and contagious diseases and a 1 year warranty covering congenital and hereditary conditions." Guess what? They don't. 3 weeks ago, I adopted the sweetest and the calmest 7 month old Siberian husky from a couple who didn't have time for him due to their busy work schedule and renamed him Sawyer. I already have one named Yuka, so I took him in without a second thought so that Yuka will have a playmate. The couple bought him originally from Petland in April this year. Everything was fine until I started noticing that he seemed to have poor judgment on distances. He appears to be clumsy and frequently tripping, bumping into furniture, and stumbling during walks. So Sunday, 9/21/14, I brought him to the vet for an overall health check up. I was told that he has Hereditary Juvenile Cataracts. I immediately brought him to an Eye Specialist the following day 9/22/14. The eye doctor confirmed it and I was devastated. I contacted the original owner and was told he still has a warranty. I called Petland Henderson and they referred me to file a claim to Pawsitive Solutions. I hang up and called Pawsitive Solutions right away. After explaining to the manager about Sawyer's condition, HE DENIED his warranty. He bluntly said "UNFORTUNATELY, THERE WILL BE NO WARRANTY BECAUSE YOU ADOPTED HIM." I cannot believe what I heard. For someone who is taking care of a dog that is going blind, I cannot contain my frustrations as these people are just simply there to make money. They couldn't care less about the puppies they sell and will find a way to avoid having to deal with their so-called "warranty".
3	3 stars because their dog food prices are fair. Although, I do feel guilty buying it here after seeing all the puppies waiting to be bought. There was one corgi that looked almost full grown and his price said %50 off and for curiosity's sake I asked how much he was. '$750.00' and then I said 'that's before the %50?'  and was told 'no. he was $1500.00'  Holy smokes! He's never going to get out of that place. It broke my heart.  I adopted both of my beautiful mutts. All their shots plus spay and neuter were covered for less than $200. I'm shocked people still perpetuate puppy mills by buying animals from pet stores. I thought puppy mills and pet stores going hand in hand was common knowledge?
1	I had a terrible experience here. The puppies were adorable, and we played with several of them and I chose one. I had not intended on purchasing a puppy that day but I thought, what the heck, we always wanted one.The prices were really high, and we came back the next day to return and they still said I have to pay 40% for a dog I no longer had? They over load you with paperwork and crap and you do not get to process everything, especially with an adorable puppy in your arms. Not only that, but our dog was REALLY sick in the afternoon the next day. Why would they sell me a sick dog for 3000?Overall a terrible experience, I would not recommend anyone going there. Purchase straight from a breeder for the rarer breeds to avoid the third party costs.And not just that, everything is expensive including the "free" starter kit they used.AWFUL
4	I love going to pet the animals they're all so cute and the customer service is really good
1	Beware!  I bought a pet from them and was not told that I was being charged 96% interest.  I didn't even know that was legal.  I even called the company doing the financing Duvera and they were misleading when I asked about the interest in the beginning.  They said it would be $150 in interest, but that was really just the first month of interest!  Petland definitely did not tell me it would be 96% interest or I would have never signed up!  And when I called to complain the manager just told me that I was told.  There is no way I would have signed up for something at 96% interest ever.  Make sure you read everything before you buy your pet here if you are doing financing. I'm an astute person and very careful about my money.  I feel duped and taken advantage of by both Petland and Duvera and there's no recourse whatsoever.  I'm just out $1,200. If I had to do this over again I would definitely go through a breeder.  My dog was very difficult to potty train because of the crate situation in pet stores.  They assured me at Petland that the dog didn't come from a puppy mill and that I could look up her parents on the internet, which I did when I came home.  And she did come from a puppy mill.  I googled Top Notch Breeders and it turns out they are a puppy mill.I love my dog, and I'm glad I have her, but be very careful if you choose to deal with this company.  There's nothing I can do now but hopefully help someone else.
1	$5000-$7500 for a dog?! Couldn't believe it! My fiance & I went in to get a few toys for Christmas for our pup &  decided to look at the pups. They looked so sad, so uncomfortable with no blankets, beds or toys. The staff told us if the dogs had blankets they would chew them up. I understand dogs chew but can't they have a bone to chew so they don't chew on the cage, then maybe they can have a blanket? Anyway, we asked how much bulldogs were & they said $5000-$7000. That's ridiculous! Those pups are going to be there forever! This hurt my heart seeing those pups like that & with the staff being very rude & pushy, I can't see them treating the animals very nicely. Today, I decided to read the reviews for this place & am stunned at how many people have had issues. How is this place still in business? Please do NOT shop here. Support your local mom & pop shops & if looking for pets, adopt.
