4	I bought a Groupon for this place for a full exam, -xrays, whitening trays, and a cleaning. When I arrived, I was warmly greeted by the office staff, who are cheerful and sweet. The entire office is pretty big and really nice. Lots of magazines and Tv's..etc.As I went back, they told me they had to reschedule me for the cleaning and trays another da, because they were so busy. A little annoying, but sometimes these things happen. I came back the following week and had my cleaning done and I am happy as a clam. The office wasn't nearly as busy, and it was actually pretty quiet. The staff is awesome and the woman who did my cleaning was wonderful! I felt totally relaxed and calm, which is necessary when you are getting things jabbed into your teeth and gums for an hour. My teeth look and feel awesome.Another woman took me back and did the impressions for my whitening tray. She was also really nice and bubbly.All in all I am totally happy with this place and will be returning next week to get a cavity filled.
1	My husband was a (first time) patient here in 2009, and the services provided were fine. Almost three years later we were in the middle of buying a house in 2012 when we got a call from a collection company regarding a past due amount (around $100) from that one and only appointment, that was apparently not covered by his dental insurance. We NEVER received a bill. We were outraged. It's amazing what a $100 collection claim will do to your nearly perfect credit score. I DO NOT appreciate the way Family Dentistry does business, and would not recommend their services to my worst enemy.
1	This is the worst dental office we have ever been to. My son had to have the same filling replaced 3 times within 2 months of them putting it in and they tried to grt us to us to pay for it each time! My husband got a crown from them that came off the 2nd week he had it.  They wanted us to pay for that, too! I fought them on both of those and they relented and fixed them free, like they should have. Each time we went, we were given a price and then about a couple of months later we got a bill wanting more money so we never really knew what we would be paying.  We got tired of paying for shoddy work. We will never go back.
1	This practice is absolutely unethical. They told me I had five cavities then called me several times to pester me to have them fixed. I went to another dentist who found no cavities which I believe since I've never had a cavity in my adult life. All they care about is making money.
1	This place was horrible!!! They are incredibly cold, with the exception of their receptionist, everything is about money and how much they can get out of you. I went in mid 2011 for my routine visit. They told me I needed the only filling I had replaced and a few other issues that needed correcting, I allowed them to replace the filling but declined their other services considering I've never had a problem before. I paid the the fees my insurance wasn't going to cover and got my cleaning, my new filling and went on my way. That was the only time I ever went. I went to a different dentist 7 months later for my next routine visit who then informed me that they did the filling incorrectly and that it was actually causing more damage to my tooth and would've eventually needed to have a root canal performed if it wasn't properly replaced but otherwise there was nothing else wrong with my teeth. My first problem was the fact that they did my filling wrong, my second problem was that I was prone right about them attempting to squeeze money out of me by adding all kinds of outrageous procedures to my "regular biannual routine visit" that I apparently didn't even need per my new dentist, and now there is more! Now 3.5 years later, I received a notification from my credit report stating that I have been sent to collections by these people. I check it out and low and behold I have been sent to collections for $65 ridiculous dollars that I never received a bill for. Now my credit report went from amazing to scum in a matter of a day!!! I wouldn't have ever had a problem paying that small amount! How is this okay?! They have completely ruined my credit over this ridiculous amount that I was never billed for! Unfortunately I had to at least give them one star or I wouldn't be able to post this, but they don't even deserve the one damn start let alone any new clientele!!!
1	I wasn't going to write a scathing Yelp review about this dentistry practice until they just decided that a $25 fee for a missed appointment will not be removed from my bill. I so wish I had checked Yelp before going to this dentist, not only because of this fee, but also because of the "plan" they had for me. Turns out, after review by another dentist (who has a 5-star rating and is ranked one of the best in the valley), I don't need the hundreds of dollars in dental work this place said I needed.I also appreciate that the new dentist actually interacts by text message, rather than jut blasting out appointment reminders to patients. I was dealing with an illness and a new job the Friday before my scheduled appointment. When I got the text, I simply replied back that I would not be able to make it. I considered it a done deal. I did not realize until they called me 10 minutes after the appointment I thought I'd cancelled to ask where I was. I had found the new dentist weeks before this, but had forgotten about this scheduled cleaning.A reputable company would work around the misunderstanding, as I had never missed an appointment or been late before. Family Dentistry refused to "forgive" this $25. So I guess I'll look forward to seeing a collection agency try to collect on it. I will not be bullied into paying something I do not believe I should pay.
1	So here I am. I really should've read the reviews on yelp before I purchased my groupon from this place. Anyway, I bought a groupon offer for xray,exam&regular cleaning combo for this dentistry. Reason? For my regular half an year check up & cleaning. Plus I don't have insurance so that's the only reason this time I went for a groupon. Ok let's start the story. I went there this morning, waited 25 mins then had a x-Ray taken by a young girl, then a doctor came and told me I had some kinda gum disease and 5 cavities. I was very shocked cuz I do go to my dentist every half a year. And actually a little over 7 months ago I even got my regular teeth cleaning & whitening done. My dentist told me Last time all l need to do is do a lily take more flossing, other than that my teeth were looking good! Half a year later, my teeth really got some kind of serious problem and gum diseases? Ok.. Another 30 mins later this young girl finally came back with an estimate for $1724 for my "deep cleaning" for next two visits. And also a credit plan. I remember when I had my gum bleeding a few years ago I had to get a deep cleaning and it was less than $600 at a dentistry in Chandler. So I told her it's ok I'll just do my regular cleaning. Ok put back in the waiting area again. 15 mins later, told me I'm free to go. Really? I asked what about my cleaning? I paid the offer on groupon. She said they can't do a regular cleaning for me because I need a deep cleaning. I have the estimate and it's optional. I repeated one more time that I paid the offer and it does include the regular cleaning. Ok now she says " you have to talk to groupon then, we don't promise to clean your teeth when your teeth need something more. I have other patients and I don't have time.." Wow of course I walked away, being very angry. Paid the money for cleaning and got nothing except all this BS. And wasted over 2 hours of just sitting there. How would you feel?This is absolutely CRAZY! And I would just say DO NOT GO THERE!
