2	Ridiculous that you have to check in on a computer and wait for an employee to help you purchase a phone accessory. Completely inefficient. To top it off, evidently since they no longer make the original Droid, they do not carry cases for them. Seriously? Do you think you are going to get me to upgrade my phone because you don't make a case for it anymore? So, instead, I go to a Wireless Toys to make my purchase. Guess what? THEY carry the items your customers need that YOU are not willing to stock and ensure the customer continues to think of your store first when they're looking for cell phone stuff...
3	Bumping it up a star after a successful mid-morning weekday visit. Came in to troubleshoot my phone. Annika was very helpful and showed me what she was doing as she was doing it. She earns the extra star.
5	Tara was great and knew the technology by heart. Verizon service with a smile.
1	After 3 weeks my Galaxy S4 decided to stop charging. I came in and was helped by David, after plugging it in and realizing it wasn't going to charge said we need to figure out if it's a battery issue or a problem with the charging port. He asked a co-worker Gina if he could borrow her battery for a minute so we could have a definitive answer. She said NO (in a really rude tone) and explained that I'll need to wipe my phone to see if it still doesn't work. I told her I needed to be able to make sure my G Cloud backed up my phone, plus wiping it with 6% battery life would cause the phone to shut off in the middle of it and brick my phone, a chance she thought I should take. Well even if I could wipe it without bricking it, I'm not going to just wipe my phone if it's a battery issue. She said they don't have any batteries laying around, I said well he asked if we could use yours real quick and you said no, she then rolled her eyes and walked away. I asked her to come back so we could keep discussing this but she refused. David apologized and said he shouldn't have put her on the spot like that. He was just trying to think outside the box and come up with a quick solution to my phone not charging. So he went to talk to the manager to see if she had any ideas. In the mean time I went over to the display phones, took the battery out and put it in my phone, plugged it in and got the answer we needed. It's the port, not the battery. I could hear the manager yelling at David...everyone could. He got yelled at for asking Gina to borrow her battery and for allowing me to take the battery out of a phone. He didn't tell me to do it, I did it all on my own since his co-workers and manager were completely worthless. Since I purchased it at Costco ($70 cheaper plus awesome accessories) I had the option of having them send me a new one or just exchanging it at Costco. I obviously went that route. I called Verizon Customer Service today about my incident last night and they took it very seriously. Especially since I had a billing error and the manager was supposed to correct it and she never did. I highly commend David for doing whatever he could to help me. Gina and the manager on duty were rude and absolutely worthless!!!
1	"Why yes! you do have a free* upgrade available! You can get the iphone 4s for only $.99 (With a $30 upgrading fee). You now have 14 days to return your new iphone if you are not happy with it. Your total price for your free* two year upgrade is $33.62"---"Why do you charge $30 for a free upgrade?""Well, here at verizon, we started losing money with our free upgrades because the new phones cost so much. So we hope to make up the lost money over time through your monthly bills and with this $30 charge."*Next Day*"Oh, you would like to return the new iphone you just upgraded? No problem! We are going to revoke your used upgrade and refund your $33.62. There is, however, a $30 returning fee because verizon is not able to resell this phone. So after to refund and the $30 returning fee, you get $1.07 back for the phone you just returned! Thank you for waisting $30 with verizon, we hope to steal your money again soon!"ARE YOU FU%@&$# KIDDING ME???? So your screwing me over every month so you can "Make up for the lost money the new phones cost AND your going to charge me for returning my new phone??There's some logic for you....DO NOT SIGN WITH VERIZON!! THERE ARE MORE HIDDEN FEES THAN BUYING A CAR!!!! On a nicer note, the guy who helped me was very nice, besides the fact he didnt tell me about the hidden fee for returning the phone.
4	The 4 stars goes to the service rep Bri.  She was knowledgeable, friendly and helpful despite how busy she was, and did not have the condescending attitude a lot of technical reps have.  The store itself could use some more benches to sit on, and they need to turn down the music! Repetitive house dance music blows!
1	They do not have enough customer service people here. If you don't mind waiting an hour just to talk to someone it might work for you. The store is clean. The people are not wry engaging. The greeter is nice but after he takes your info he drops you and never checks back.
5	Everyone there is fantastic.  Very knowledge and very helpful. Styles, Ryan, Chris, are all extremely helpful.
5	Gina is an expert.. As a contractor, I needed the life proof case, she also directed me to get an extra Mophie pack. My system runs smooth now..Best service in this store ever!Renee fixed my icloud issues yesterday in five minutes, she explained everything, very knowledgeable, great conversationalist. :-)
5	People are quick to tear apart a cellphone store, the bank, basically any place that provides service. Usually when you walk into a Verizon Wireless store, you are most likely dealing with a form of an issue.  So, by the time you walk into it, you're not happy to start out the entire exchange. I walked in ready for help, a smile on my face and a look of "oh jeez, I hope you can help me" and guess what?! I was helped with complete and utter satisfaction. Lisa was ready to conquer the issue and fix it without me feeling dumb, penniless or confused. This is how service should be. But it's the customer's part in all this too. Ask for help and don't bark at the employees as if your phone calls, texts and facebooking are equivalent to you performing successful heart surgery. I'm glad I met Lisa, she's the type to do what needs to be done and offer solutions. Thank you.  I'm very satisfied. Nice job!
1	As soon as I stepped in the door I was greeted by someone which was helpful but it went down hill from there. The customer service/sales girls were standing off to the side, both looked at me like I was the last person they wanted to help. The lucky chosen one didn't listen to a thing I was saying and kept getting information wrong because of it. Rather than listening to what I wanted and showing me the phone I was interested in she wanted to skip right to my credit check "to see if I even qualify". I was annoyed and offended. As a result I left without buying anything & drove across the street to Sprint. I will not be going back nor do I recommend this place. FYI I bought an iPhone 6 with a better and cheaper service plan at Sprint.
