2	We have eaten breakfast here awhile back and it was pretty good. Reason for the 2 stars. I happened to get a craving for apple pie. I stopped off, around midnight, and the place was busy enough to slow my order down. I ordered coffee and apple pie ala mode. MISTAKE!! The apple pie was really doughy and the coffee tasted like they created a new pot with OLD grounds. EGADS!!The best part was eating the ice cream.  I probably should have stopped off at Mickey Dees across the street, from what I hear their coffee has a lot more flavor than here.
1	I had eaten here 2 times previously and the service and food were both good  This time , not so much. . My food was ok but not as hot. My server was a space cadet. She rushed me to order and when I asked for hot sauce and also asked for extra water for my tea bag I got neither.   Her tip reflected my displeasure. Avoid this place!
2	The food was what you should expect when going to Denny's but the staff just wasn't that good. I've almost never had a good waitress at Denny's before. Which granted the job does suck completely, BUT, you signed up for it so don't make everyone else's experience suck because of your incompetence. If you want Denny's then you should go. But do not expect a lovely waitress to meet your needs.
3	Out this Sunday morning doing a bit of GeoCaching, we decided breakfast was in order so where to go? I-Hop or Denny's ... Ok we decided on local so off to Denny's. Walked in, the place was about half full, greeted right away and seated. Coffee & water came out promptly, placed our order and our food arrived hot within about 5min. Service was great & food was good ...Service: 4 star, our waitress was great, fast & friendlyAmbiance: 2 stars, casual setting, a bit datedCleanliness:  3 stars, appeared clean although lots of water spots on the glassesFood: 3 star, food came out hot and well preparedPrice: 3 star, fair price's, my wife had a BYO Grand Slam for $6.59 and I had an All American Slam for $8.89
5	They've remodeled this Denny's completely and it looks great. They do have great service now.
1	OMG I was so excited to dine at the newly remolded Denny's in Fountain Hills. Upon entering we were impressed by the new atmosphere. we were greeted by a young man who attempted to humor us when we asked for a booth saying there were none available and their would be a 20 minute wait. Every booth was empty...ha ha. We were sat in a booth and sat there for 15 minutes with no service. Employees were wandering around in a daze. Another table was sat right next to us AFTER we came in and were served drinks. We sat amazed as employes kept passing by us in a daze as if we didn't exist. The couple next to us asked a waitress for a refill on their coffee and she took about 5 more steps before that request registered in her brain. We decided to leave and as we walked by the young man who sat us, all he said was have a good night! He had to have known we were never even served or maybe he was too sauced up! Denny's needs to remodel their employees or send them all to rehab!
5	Much better service than last time.I'm going back to this Denny's. The places looks great too after the remodel
2	What can I say...  You get what you pay for and usually it's a Grand Slam.  Nothing special!!!
2	They stop selling the soups early I wish they didn't!  Iam sick with the flu wanted a soup so my bf ordered fries it was ovrr cooked n tasted like chemicals.
