5	I wandered all over the Phoenix-Metro area looking for my wedding dress, and finally found it here! Although the store looks tiny (to be honest with you, when I pulled up, I considered just driving home right away), there are tons and tons of dresses here. You will need time to sift through the racks to find things to try on, however you can get some great deals. The woman who works here, Sunny, is so nice, and is always willing to help, although sometimes she gets really busy since it's usually just her or her plus one other worker.  I found a dress I liked previously, but was majorly restricted due to budget issues. I ended up finding a GORGEOUS dress here for only $500! I recommend stopping in and giving it a shot (but only bring the closest of your family or friends as there is not much standing room)
3	Another "do-it-yourself" bridal shop with rows of dresses tightly packed on racks in big plastic bags.   The woman was super quick swapping out the dresses in the room.  As soon as I walked out in a new dress, she had the old one out and the new one ready to go and waiting for me in my room.  I might have rated this store a bit higher, but I didn't seem to have any luck here.  Dresses were either way too big or way too small and I just didn't find any that I liked.  I have heard of many people having success here and the prices are reasonable, just didn't work for me.  The dress shopping continues. . .
1	I got marred in May of 2009, and purchased two gowns on closeout from an online retailer. I couldn't decide between the two dresses initially, but when I finally settled, I went to Brides To Be for my alterations. They said they'd be happy to make the alterations even though I had purchased the dress somewhere else, and told me it would take two weeks and had me pay UP FRONT for the alterations ($50) and for steam pressing the dress (an additional $40). Paying for everything up front should have probably been my first clue to find a new bridal shop.... When I stopped by two weeks later to pick up the dress (they had written the pickup date on my receipt), they informed me that they HAD NOT EVEN STARTED THE ALTERATIONS. They asked me to come back the next week. The following week, I called first before stopping by, and they said they needed ANOTHER week -- that they were VERY busy. I informed them that my wedding was only 10 days away, and they assured me it would be done. With only 3 days before my wedding, they had me come in to try on the altered dress. It didn't fit well in the bust, and they had cut it off as requested (I decided I wanted it tea length for our semi-casual wedding), but they had left this funky bit of material in the back where part of the train had been! I asked them to fix it, reminding them that I was getting married in 3 DAYS, and they said to come back the DAY BEFORE the wedding and they'd have it finished....yeah, right!! :( Needless to say, I left there SO upset that when I returned home, my friends convinced me to try on the second dress I had purchased and still had on hand. I did, and with their suggestions and a few small accessory additions, we ended up making it work perfectly for my wedding. They also suggested that I immediately call the shop and tell them to finish the dress alterations, but not have it steam pressed because I would no longer be wearing it for my wedding, and to REFUND my $40 for the pressing charge. They said they would do so, but NEVER CREDITED my card. I asked them about this a second time, and again, the $40 was NEVER credited to my account. :( I never did go back to their shop to pick up my first dress...I wanted to, since I had already paid for it -- thinking I might dye it and salvage it for another event -- but I finally ended up just leaving it there. I was afraid it would be wrong yet AGAIN, and then I would have a reminder of the stress they caused me while preparing for my wedding. I would suggest that you avoid this bridal shop all together, and save yourself the heartache!!
