4	For a fast food chain restaurant, this location does it right.  Fast, friendly service, they always get my order right, and its filling food at a super economical price.
5	Friendly service.  Clean.  Outdoor seating too.  Thursday chicken tacos 3 for $2 are delicious.
1	Gross, this place is gross. It is cheap, but that is obviously for a reason. Some fast food places nearby are even worse, & not even as cheap though, so no surprise they are still in business. What is it about fast food places not serving healthy food, seriously what is so slow about an apple, or banana? Healthy alternatives to what this place serves up may even be more affordable in some cases, organic bananas sell for 69 cents a pound nearby. For those who believe depopulation is necessary, this place is highly recommended for you first.
4	Great hang out spot. Their burgers are some of my favorites! Their churros are great, too. Open late. Cheap. Taco Tuesday friendly! Ask for a quad burger or a triple del! They'll add parties onto the burgers for an extra charge.
2	The younger guy that works the cash register during the day is a douche! I went in yesterday and ordered 2 grilled chicken tacos.  There is a BIG picture of it on the menu right above the counter.  It clearly shows that the taco is prepared in a soft flour tortilla.  When I get to the table and unwrap the taco, I find it is in a hard corn tortilla taco shell.  I take it back up to the counter and state that I ordered the grilled chicken tacos.  He looks at me and says, "yeah, hard grilled chicken tacos".  I've been ordering these tacos for years, and have NEVER had one served to me in a hard shell.  I challenged him to show me on the menu where this was even an option.  He arrogantly walked around the counter to face the menu board and stared at it like a complete idiot.  Again I asked him, "show me where it says grilled chicken tacos come in a hard shell.  The mook walked back around the counter and stood next to the guy who was re-making my tacos...the right way.  Service has really gone downhill at this location.  It used to be really good, but this tool that they have dealing with the public now is not who I'd want representing my business.
