4	I have eaten here twice and both times I have enjoyed the experience. I had the same thing - combo with tamale, taco, and tostada. The service was friendly, the food was good, and the service was fast. This is a small building next to the Chevron. It is nestled back just a bit from the street and easy to miss in an intersection with two other Mexican restaurants. If you want a small, authentic, and personal touch don't pass building by.
5	Don't let this little hole in the wall fool you!  The food is very tasty, reasonably priced, and the service is extra-friendly.  For $4 and some change, you can get a full meal with free chips and salsa for starters.  The Carne Asada is muy bueno!
1	If you enjoy social injustice, poor business ethics, being completely disrespected, and ripped off, "La Huas-teca your money and run" is sure to deliver.I really thought I'd be a regular here after my first experience.  I even tipped the nice lady that served me 40% on my first trip. Today changed that:  after the staff member requested that I pay almost $3 more than the same meal that I got on my first trip, and despite the fact that the real value is clearly stated on the menu, he still demanded the extra money.  I gave it to him, figuring that if he wants to take the money and earn his employer a horrible review, so be it.  After I gave him his stolen money, he didn't even have the courtesy to thank me in any capacity.  I asked for the name of the 5'3'', 145 bugger and he called himself "speedy."  Speedy he is- at trying to make up crap and take your money.  So, unless I get some kind of written apology from the owner, I am done with this place and suggest going elsewhere.
4	Real Mexican food. The tortas are wonderful and reasonably priced. If you have not had a Mexican sandwich before, let me introduce you to The Torta. Carne asada, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, avocado, on a soft roll. No mustard or mayo. Yummy and a $4.99 a filling lunch.
1	Another disappointing experience.  Why can they make good al pastor tacos. Don't even use real corn tortillas. The only good thing was the horchata.
