4	This was my tanning salon of choice when I lived in Vegas.  They offer clean, comfortable facilities and competitive pricing.  The best thing about Neon Sun though, was always their beds.  I have very fair skin that can tan (Irish/Italian heritage) and they have a bed that is perfect for me.  It's called the Sunsport and it's a high pressure, low burn bed.  It helped me build a base tan, and then a nice golden tan as safely as possible.  Thanks Neon Sun. If I still lived in Vegas, I'd be back.Sadly, won't see ya there.
5	I've been a Neon Sun customer for well over a year and a half, and overall, I'm pleased with the salon. You have a HUGE variety of tanning beds, which is a big factor for me when it was time to choose a new salon when my old place jacked up their rates. Different locations have different beds, but you can still tan in a bed that is of equal strength. They also offer Mystic Tan (which I have never tried so I can't comment on that), and airbrush tanning as well. What impresses me most is the customer service. It's a refreshing change to walk into a salon and have a friendly employee greeting you versus some folks who act like you're inconveniencing them when you walk though the door. I agree with Susan D.'s comments about Neon Sun offering "clean, comfortable facilities". I've never had to wait for a bed to be cleaned; They are very aware of keeping beds clean and ready for use as soon as a customer walks in. I also find having numerous locations around the valley to be great. Everyone loves convenience!
2	I was reccomended here by my best friend when I lived in Vegas. The customer service is so so. If you get a chance to go when someone like a manger is working than you will be happy, otherwise good luck with bed recommendations and education with their staff. The hours used to be good staying open 24/7, but thats now changed. Super boo. I also didnt like that even when you have a package you CANNOT use two beds in one day, this totally needs to change. I like going in a bed and then have the opportunity to spray tan after. It just deepens the tan and makes for a beautiful glow. The last thing i want to do is go to the salon everyday.  This is one of the main reasons why I canceled my membership & moved on to a better salon that offers this. Needless to say my girlfriend & I have both changed tanning salons.
5	Im sold!!! I love Neon Sun! I have a Monthly membership for unlimited tanning for $11.00 a month for being a golds gym member, I am from California and i don't know what is so different but i was never able to tan at tanning salons in CA. I Actually have a Tan!!! This is my go to spot! my boyfriend goes as well when he goes to work out at golds. its a 2 for 1 Gym Tan minus the laundry. Beds are always clean and stocked and i never have to wait
