2	My wife saw that they had sloppy joes and being a big fan of sloppy joe I gave in to going here versus a nearby Thai placeThe place it self is clean and comfy but more for a bar setting and not a dining place. Our server who also was the bartender was the only 4/5 star portion of our visit. She was friendly and made us feel welcomed. As did another staff member but the food did not equal the service.I had the pastrami on sourdough and though the meat it self was tasty there wasn't enough of it and it made it a rather much more bread then meat and thus a dry sandwich. In fairness I share I had it minus the mustard and other trimmings but I have done so at other places and got a much more meatier pastrami sandwich that was not dry to say the lease.My wife enjoyed her classic sloppy joe but also said it to was big on bread but was low in the amount of joe meat.The price was fair but other then the server I can't say there is anything calling me back other then to see how it fairs as a bar, but not being a bar type I can't say that will happen.In summary there may be a high adventure in the pub but it was a low adventure in the deli
5	This place was recommended as a post on Face Book and when I looked at the menu I had to go! I had the German Joe which is a sloppy joe made with stroganoff sauce and my Wife got the Jersey Joe and that was Ham, roast beef, swisscheese, russian dressing & coleslaw on grilled rye. For desert we got the coconut cream pie the slices were sooooo huge it was delicous not too sweet! The sandwiches come with a pickle that was a true PICKLE, and the sides were so homemade or tasted that way. We had our choice of peanut slaw (hotter than hell) and so good, macaroni or potato salad both delicous! A rather simple menu just subs and sloppy joe's and a Nathans style hot dog. The help was cool too we will be back prices were mid to high mmmmmmmmh mmmmmmmh!
4	Great german beer made in Wisconsin sold here!!!! you must try it
5	Sehr gut! See my review for the attached Caribbean Cooker for the full story!
3	So, I'm always up for trying out the local places.Sat in the bar and enjoyed all the TVs surrounding us playing the various NFL games which was great.SERVICE:  Service is 4 stars. The gal behind the bar was attentive and super nice.  MENU: This place definitely has more variety than PTs, but it's execution (on the items we ordered) was so-so.We ordered the peel and eat shrimp to start, and it was pretty flavorless and the 3 dipping sauces didn't help make it better.  I ordered the Asian Joe with Mac salad... the "joe" part of the sandwich was tasty and I thought I got plenty so they didn't skimp there in my opinion, but the bread was big and chewy/gummy which is not a plus for me, so I didn't eat much of the bread.  The Mac salad tasted like grocery store salad but watered down which was odd.... so I won't be trying that again.My husband ordered a burger and it looked really good and juicy so no complaints from him, and his fries (which I sampled) were really good..... hot and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.OVERALL: I'll go back.... they had an interesting drink menu and I'd like to try one or 2 of the rum drinks that caught my eye.  Plus, maybe there are other things on the menu that I'll like better. I'm an optimist that way.
