5	I love Salon Krush which is what it's actually called, not krush Salon as it is listed here.  It is an adorable little salon smack in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale, in the same complex as E4 and Jackrabbit.  You know those salons that right from the moment you walk in everyone there is kind of sizing you up and it feels like they are intentionally trying to make you feel uncomfortable??  Well Salon Krush is sooo not that place and thank the lord for that!To be completely up front, I have never gotten my hair cut or styled here.  I come to Salon Krush solely for Susan Deems, their ridiculously skilled and fantastic esthetician.  First I should mention that she is medically certified, so she can do Laser treatments and all that other fun stuff.I literally do every treatment I physically can/can afford with her.  Not only is she quick as lightning with regard to waxing/laser and other slightly painful treatments you really don't want to drag out, but she's got an incredibly kind demeanor about her that immediately puts you at ease.  I'm sure many of the ladies on this site will agree that a certain comfort level with your waxer is essential to a positive experience : )In my opinion, her pricing structure is extremely competitive.  Additionally, she bases them off of your needs, so as long as you're not the hairiest person in the world, you won't pay like you are which is VERY cool, something that no other salon that I've been to does.I also get my facials from her and please believe that they are fantastic!! I don't even walk out of the salon when they're over, I literally float I am so relaxed.  She takes her time and doesn't rush through them, complete with neck, shoulder, and hand massage as well.She also has her crazy med-spa certifications for facials so if you want micro-dermabrasion or any of the other high tech age-defying chemical peels that are out there, she can do those as well.  Sorry, not sure how pricing runs on those.  I do however know that she is always running specials and deals so do yourself a favor and check out Salon Krush.  Everyone is super friendly there, they always have a HUGE candy dish which is a gift and a curse, and you'll feel at ease right when you walk in.
5	I LOVE THIS SALON!It has a great ambiance and decor and wonderful light not that artificial yellow glow...The stylists are all so friendly and cute-they always offer you some coffee, water, tea or a glass of wine with your service-it's great.  And it's not one of those salons where you feel you can't chit chat because you might distract the stylist-these girls are all super fun and sweet and love to hear about your day and like to share too so your not gabbing away the whole time.I am loyal to one stylist (Chanele) but have got my hair styled by an other when she was too booked and they all just love each other-there is no inside competitiveness which is so nice to see in a small business. They also have super cute jewelry and great products in the front for sale-i always end up getting myself a little something extra.I would recommend this Salon to anyone who is nervous about trying a new place-Be at ease-these ladies are awesome at what they do!
5	I've been going to see Chanele for about 3 years now and always have the best experience. She if amazing if you're looking for a great hair dresser. The owners are also extemely friendly and welcoming people.  If you need a salon for your wedding party, I would highly reccomend this one. They did my wedding hair, six bridesmaids, and my mom's hair in under two hours and everyone came out stunning!! I will post pictures so you can see how talented the staff here is.  Thanks Salon Krush for keeping me beautiful!
5	They hella waxed my uni-brow! Very clean place and chill. Ask for lea for skin care. She is a professional.
5	Robert has been doing my hair for 2 years now.  He is really awesome.  I have never had a bad cut or color.  He is super chill and always makes me look like a rockstar.  Also, you get free coffee, water, and/or WINE  before/during your appointment.  I LOVE that perk! They use Bedhead and Bumble and Bumble products, both of which I really love.  They also sell awesome jewelry for a really great price.  They have clothes, purses, and hair pieces that I have purchased in the past too.  This is a laid back and really cool environment.  I highly recommend it.
5	I usually don't review places that I've only been to once, but I'm a lazy asshole with my hair and tend to go upwards of 3 months between trims, so who knows when I'll be back and I wanted to make sure to give them their review while my last visit was still fresh in my mind.I went a couple weeks ago after purchasing a LivingSocial.com coupon for a $100 Brazilian Blowout.  I may seem like a relatively low maintenance kinda girl, but believe it or not, it actually takes a ton of time to look like I put no real effort into my appearance. My hair takes FOREVER to blow dry and once it's dry it's a huge frizzy, wavy mess that I have to meticulously straighten, piece by piece, just to get it to look like my college roommate's hair did after she stepped out of the shower and let it air dry for 10 minutes. Bitch. Point being, I'd been interested in this new Brazilian Blowout treatment for a while, as it was supposed to fix these horrible first world problems I had, and I was super excited when I saw the coupon to get one for a hundo, as they are usually priced at $250+.I'll start with reviewing the treatment, just because almost every time I tell someone that I did it they tell me they are considering it and ask about my results. I'm relatively happy with it, though I'm still debating whether I will go back for one at full price once it wears off. Yes, it does shave about a half hour off my time spent getting ready in the morning. I can blow dry my hair in about 15 minutes, and then only have to take a flat iron to a few wavy pieces before I'm good to go. However, I feel like it did take away some volume and texture, so I actually think my hair looked better prior Brazilian Blowout (and after spending 45 minutes on it). This slight negative aspect of the treatment has no bearing on my review, however. Patty executed the blowout perfectly. Demoting a star for the salon because of the result of the treatment would be like faulting your bikini waxer because you don't like the breeze. Obviously, it's not their fault.Back to the salon. To start with, they serve beer and wine. If you know me, you know that I'm of the strict belief that booze makes everything better. Hell, I'd probably enjoy a pap smear if it came with a mojito, so a glass of chardonnay with my hair appointment was a solid win.  My stylist, Patty, was awesome. I'm normally not a big talker in the salon chair. I hate small talk, so when stylists try to coax a relationship out of me by asking banal questions, I usually go right to the magazine. However, Patty and I chatted the entire time and by the end of my appointment I was pretty much reading my incoming texts aloud to her, so that's definitely a good level of trust to have with the person who is currently steaming formaldehyde two inches away from your brain.The rest of the staff was very friendly as well, and they carry Tigi products, which I love. I'm not sure of their regular services pricing but the Brazilian Blowout is very reasonable at $225.  Patty even told me that she's currently doing $150 for first timers, so if you've been considering it, that is a steal. I've been a bit of a salon hopper since I moved to Phoenix, but I'll definitely be coming back to Salon Krush, if only for the free glass of wine. Five stars!
5	A little less than a year ago I started going to Salon Krush after I had to "break up" with my former hairstylist. (C'mon she didn't own a flat iron). I got an appointment with Ashley and I've been super happy with her ever since. She's always upbeat, has incredible style, and always compliments me on my hair even though she's cutting it. The salon itself is cute. I like the color scheme and the small, coziness about it. I have to think about what would Tabitha Coffee say about all the stuff they have for sale in the front-is this a salon or an accessories boutique? The receptionist usually asks you if you'd like something to drink, which is a nice touch. I never get pushed for product either. Which, I appreciate. If I need something I'll ask, I dont' like when a salon tries to push too hard to sell you something and then you feel obligated to buy something too expensive. A womens' cut and style is $60 which I find reasonable. I can usually get an appointment within the week I call. The local artwork for sale on the wall adds a neat touch too.
3	beautiful salon
5	10 hours ago I was informed that I needed to hop on a plane tomorrow morning to attend a wedding in Vegas. It's 7:30pm and I am in dire need of a haircut. I logged onto yelp to find the highest rated and closest salon to my house. I called into Salon krush and to my surprise was welcomed to come in (right at closing time) to get taken care of. I was greeted by Nicole who agreed to stay late and cut my hair. I walked out 30 or so minutes later with one of, if not the best, cuts I've ever had. Not only did she do a tremendous job on my hair but she also had a very refreshing personality. I rarely have an experience out in Scottsdale that is worthy of my time to write a review but Nicole and Salon Krush exceeded all my expectations and provided one of the best client experiences I've had in a very long time.
5	Love! Love! Love this place! Salon Krush has the coolest vibe and fun interior. My favorite stylist is Stephanie. I've been going to her since Krush opened 5 years ago. She always knows how to style my hair and I always leave feeling like a new person. I've recommended Krush to lots of my friends and they are always happy no matter who they got appointments with.
5	I followed my hairstylist Patty here from her previous salon when Salon Krush first opened and have been coming back ever since.  Patty is awesome, I have been seeing her for over 6 years and she is always consistent and on top of her game. The salon is stylishly unpretentious. They have always been very accommodating schedule-wise. I highly recommend (and Patty is great!)
4	Loved my cut! I'll be back!
5	This was the last stop for my Girlfriend on Valentines Day, I had it set up so she could get her hair colored and cut for our dinner date at the end of the day. I want to say THANKS! to the stylist Nicole and staff for helping to pull off this surprise. Outside of helping me get this done, she did a AWESOME JOB! and My Girlfriend was very pleased and will be a regular now!!!
4	Whoa crazy crazy!! This salon is for real.  I needed a quick haircut and Ashton was available. She was really friendly and I love my haircut. She gave a great shampoo too! I will be back! only reason its 4 stars and not 5 is because I had a little trouble finding it!
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!The vibe in the salon is so chill and laid back, not pretentious or anything. The hair stylist I had was so cool and we talked the whole time about the most random things. Had some good laughs and made me feel at ease. (Her name is Diesel, highly recommend her) Plus, got some complimentary white wine... always, ALWAYS a plus :)My hair came out exactly how I wanted it. Ombre with a trim and some facial framing. I walked out of there with my hair looking the best it's looked in a long time. Maybe ever. For ombre, trim, blow out and styling, it came out to $70. I don't know how it is around here, but where I'm from, that is an absolute steal.If you're looking to get your hair done, you gotta come here. And ask for Diesel! She's the best.
5	After leaving my hometown for college I struggled for years to find a hairdresser that I wanted to go back to for a second time. My troubles ended when I found CHANELE 8 years ago!!!  I'm moving to Chicago in several months and plan on flying back for appointments, she's that GOOD!She is an amazing stylist and I wouldn't let anybody else touch my hair, even my aunt who I went to until leaving for college!  For reference I have thin long blonde hair. I've had all different lengths, layers, and shades. She has put in extensions(so fun to try!), showed me how to use clip in extensions, given me curling iron/straight iron lessons... This girl can do it ALL!  OMG and don't even get me started on her blow drying!!!  I can never get my hair as soft as she does.  She always gives me lots of volume without putting tons of product, how does she do it?!  "Hair days" are literally my favorite days as I always feel and look better leaving her chair!I never write reviews, but this girl deserves props.  She has a great personality and you will not only LOVE your hair, but enjoy your time with her!  So call Salon Krush and ask for CHANELE!!!
5	Nicole is awesome!!!  I love how they serve you wine as soon as you walk in!
5	I've gotten my hair cut by Ashton (no longer at this salon) and Diesel. I've been very impressed! Both times I was able to get an appointment the next day after I called. The salon is decorated modern and cute and I was offered coffee or water as soon as I walked in. I've loved how my hair turned out both times. The first time I went Ashton took the time to work with me and show me how to use the brush and hair dryer to style my hair the way I wanted it. Diesel cut it exactly how I had asked and displayed a lot of excitement and love for working with hair. All very friendly and professional and reasonably priced.
