5	Awesome place to go and feel relaxed. We went on a Saturday night and there was awesome live music! I would highly recommend the tri-tip nachos!!! We have already been 3 times since it opened.
5	Delicious food and unbelievable service!! The restaurant was short staffed, but the owner stepped up and took care of our table (which was a table of 12)! Owner had us try some amazing treat! I'll definitely come back here next time we are in Phoenix.
5	Man I LOVE this place! I really hope they do well! You will not find better Mexican food and a more laid back relaxed atmosphere!!! They only thing they need to do is put sand on the floor! Great beer and booze selections! I will be back again and again.
5	Great new place, had a large group of family in and it could not have been better.  Food was outstanding, really loved the tri tip nachos and the taco sampler platter.  Had a new beer I had heard about called Mex 1, it is a home town brewery and really was very good, would definitely recommend over corona.  Be on the look out for it!!  Service is excellent and friendly.  The owner Jeff even came by our table and made sure everything was perfect.  Next time you are close, it is a must try!!!
4	Decided to give this place a try based on the Yelp reviews. Walked in and didn't expect much. Restaurant is small, decor is simple. Service was friendly, everyone was pleasant and gracious. We ordered the mini chimichangas, fish tacos, carnitas tacos, wings and Pollo Fundido. Everything was great!  That Pollo Fundido was insanely good!  The tacos were a little pricey ($4) for the size. We're visiting from L.A.; those same tacos would normally go for about $1.50 - $2.50 back home. Would definitely go back regularly if I lived here.
5	Pollo Fundito is great. Fish tacos, though small, are terrific. Salsa verde and chips are very good . Love the Old World beer. Hard to find next to Blu Burger Grill and Grimaldi Pizza
4	Good service~fun times, enjoyed drinks with a few friends here. Have heard that the food is good, but haven't tried it yet. Definitely will next time for sure!
4	Service is great and the tri tip nachos are  outstanding.  The old world ipa is pretty good too.
5	The food was great. We had Asada fries and carnitas burrito. The guacamole was perfect just as I love it giving my fries a kick and making me not get my hands off the chips. I had the BCC Margarita it was highly delicious, I am a beer girl and also loved there were good beer options (mainly local, always a plus in my book). But better than the food and drinks? The service. The owner of the place made sure we felt welcome and continuously checked on us. I will definitely come back again when in town. And recommend this place to everyone.
4	I am giving a 4 for effort, friendliness, cleanliness and food deliciousness.Who ever is working the kitchen knows what they are doing.After watching every single episode of Bar Rescue, it's hard to be perfectly satisfied. Unless you hit key points.1, customer service2, cleanliness3, well executed and consistent drinks4, good food5, staff knowledgeI felt that on my visit the staff's knowledge of pricing and what they served was not what it should have been. Also I noticed one of the servers using the center of the bar as a servers station instead of one of the ends. We ordered a pitcher of the cider. Though good, it was very potent. My friends and I were looking for a buzz. But you don't want to be known as the place to come to get a cheap drunk. That'll bring in low end and possibly dangerous clientele. Like I had said tough. Good food. Good service. Respectfully priced. You definitely get what you paid for. Possibly a little bit more.
3	So I'm giving three stars. I will say that the restaurant looks clean and the decor is nice. But the place was pretty dead the whole time we were there (8pm til probably 9:20ish)As me and my group walked inside there was a group of servers hanging out by the bar and we were told to pick a table, which was fine with me. Our server was attentive and helpful with the menu items and beer options. The food was okay, not amazing. The portion for the fried Mac and cheese appetizer was reallllly small. There was a male worker (or maybe a friend of the employees) with a pony tail who was drinking by the bar and looked pretty drunk by the time we left. And there seemed to be some drama between the servers while we were there.. A couple of them were hanging out by the bar a lot and gossiping in front of us.As we left, our server and another server were right outside the front doors smoking cigarets, which was kinda tacky. Not sure if I will return or not.. Was not impressed, and I am kind of disappointed.
5	Great food .good beer. awesome service.if your near by and crave some real Mexican cooking stop by here.we will definitely be back again
5	Great place! Food is excellent. Service was great as well. Pollo fundido was best we've ever had. Great place for happy hour too!
5	Popped in after a movie at Harkins and the food was great. My girlfriend, who is VERY picky, absolutely raved about the margaritas. Friendly servers and relaxed atmosphere, as well.
5	Stacey made that best margaritas I have ever had!  The pollo fundido was outstanding. We'll be back
3	I love mexican food, and after reading all of the great reviews about this place I have to say I was disappointed. Chips and salsa were mediocre, the signature margarita was so-so and overpriced, our food took FOREVER to come out, and the bill was higher than what it should have been. Probably won't be returning.
4	We were looking for Mexican restaurants with good ratings to eat at on Cinco De Mayo. I called around to a few places to get a feel for which were food and/or drink specials. The one with the friendliest sounding person offering the best deals was a place right around the corner that I'd never heard of. We decided to give it a try.Located in Park West, the restaurant is a little difficult to find. It's unmarked other than a small stand on the sidewalk out front. Apparently they've only been around since January and are awaiting approval on an actual sign. The inside of the restaurant is clean and they've started to attempt to give it a Mexican vibe, with a colorful array of chairs and palms painted walls. It certainly wasn't busy inside, but I think their current patrons go there for a more relaxed, less crowded bar. As for the food, I thought it was good. The chips and salsa were some of the best I've had. We ordered the Pollo Fundido, and I'd say it was better than average. The only bit of advice I may suggest is more sauce. Other than that, I was okay with the taste and the price.The staff seem genuinely kind, and also very proud of their establishment. I think they still have a little ways to go atmosphere-wise (example: margaritas in margarita glasses), but I believe they'll get there.
2	I have amended my review and added a star, I believe in being fair and honest in every situation. The manager did contact me the very night after reading my review. Although not my intention with the poor review, my money was refunded. The extra star is not for the refund but for the extremely fast response from the manager. So I retract my statement about them no caring they do. I wish them luck in the future and hopefully they can get the kinks worked out. We're always excited to see new, independently owned places on the West Side but once again we were disappointed. After seeing such rave reviews we were happy to find this place. After eating here I'm suspicious that the reviewers who gave this place 5 stars may have some affiliation with the owners or staff. When we walked in, there were a few occupied tables and everyone working there greeted us and one guy suggested we sit on the patio. We did and it was nice out there but then it took quite a long time for anyone to come out. When someone finally did he said he was going to get our drink order and then get us some menus. Weird order of events in my opinion. We had to wait until we got our drinks to even start deciding what we wanted to eat? The Hub's ordered an iced tea and I ordered a margarita with no salt. Our drinks and menus came out, mine with salt and when the Hub's asked for sweet n low the waitress said they didn't have any but offered sugar. Huh?! Ok, a little bizarre that they didn't have some sort of artificial sweetener but no big deal... until she returned with sugar on a paper plate. They apparently have iced tea but no sweeteners to offer with it. My margarita tasted like store bought mix and came out in a beer pint glass. Our food came out fast and it was ok until my husband got to the end of his French fries and there were curly black hairs in them. I have long blonde hair and my husband has auburn so they for sure weren't ours. I had to go in and give my credit card to the bartender to pay and when the waitress came back out with my receipt I showed her the hairs. She did offer to take the dish off of our ticket but I refused. He had eaten almost the whole thing so I didn't think that was fair. I heard her go in and summon the manager to show her the hairs but no one came back out to apologize so obviously they didn't care. I guess we'll continue to go to Phoenix or Scottsdale to get a decent meal. That's a shame.
5	I love this place. The service is excellent and owner/manager, Peter, is great. Was here tonight and they had trivia night. Lots of fun. Plus they will change the channel on the TV to whatever game you want to watch. Happy hour goes until 730 and that is rare. The mni chimis are delicious and plenty for 2 people. The drinks are strong and the bartenders are great at trying new drinks. Its a nice place place to try if waiting for your movie to start. I will be back soon.
3	We ordered Mic Ultra, nice and cold! But the tri tip nachos were blah, no favor. I was disappointed, but I'll probably come again due to the quick service and beer on tap.
4	Three of us went here today after a movie, around 3 pm. The fish tacos are amazing along with the chips and salsa. The owner is friendly and great customer service is very important to him.
5	This place has incredible food and service. Whomever G.T. is, their review is entirely wrong. This place is clear with everything from the get go. There is no trickery or scam at all and every server I've had has treated me the way customers should be treated. I've never had a problem with my food or my service. Everything is always 100% the way I ask and I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great service and great food.
5	I recently held a happy hour event for Realtors at Beach Club Cantina and it was a blast! I worked with Peter, the owner, for a few weeks leading up to the event to plan everything out and he was so gracious and helpful throughout the process, as tedious as it was and given the circumstances beyond either of our control. The Realtors and Lenders who showed up to the event were very impressed with the restaurant and the quality of the food and drinks. Everyone had a great time and the staff was very accommodating. We are looking forward to another great event here in the future!
5	The service is always great... The servers and bartenders are all great and friendly bar manager and the owner peter are awsome I have been coming here for about 3 weeks and it keeps getting better all the time
2	The two stars are for service.  I love Mexican food and looked at yelp for recommendation in the area.  The food was less than mediocre.the chips weren't good and the salsa was bland and watery.  Determined to give it a try, I ordered the mini changas.  Just barely okay.  I wanted fish tacos but wasn't going to subject myself to more bad food.  Would not recommend
3	Stopped by for lunch with a friend and we ended staying for happy hour. We both had the taco lunch special, crispy chicken was fantastic. The owner was attentive and seemed genuinely concerned that everything was good. They were out of their own brewed beer the mex1, which was disappointing however plenty more to choose from. We definitely be back again.
5	My favorite place in the area for a happy hour drink.  Great Margaritas. An Best is the local beer on tap and local tequila on menu
1	What a disappointment! With a 4 star rating we thought this would be a good choice. Our waitress had no clue about how to do her job. She took glasses for refills and never brought them back. At one point she announced that half our food was ready and the other half would be ready in 30 seconds. She then proceeded to the bar, where my refill was waiting, and talked for 10 - 15 minutes. On her way to another table she realized our food was waiting. By the time the food made it to our table it was stone cold. A waiter for a different section stopped by our table to see how we were doing. I asked about the missing drink to which he replied "so that's were that drink goes."I can't give an honest review of the food. Most of us did not eat even 1/2 of our dinner. I will never return and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Love my cantina!!! Great food...especially jalapeno cream cheese!! Special love to Stacy and kj...
5	Great food, friendly service, worth coming back to! Fast service and they kept a good eye on us! Great overall experience!
5	Best service from chris. Great tri tip nachos ever. Will definitely come back for round 2.
5	Our server Chris was awesome from the start!! Had the bcc carne asada fries and mini chimis they were amazing so good and the prices for those and 2 kids meals was so low!! Defiantly coming back.
2	Okay. Went for round 2. Took 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge I was even there.  Even after I saw one of the owners sitting a few feet from me. Lesson learned will not be back for round 3.
5	I can't think of a reason in the world NOT to go here !!   food was great - server was genuinely responsive - cute place with a good vibe - excellent happy hour prices.   Check it out !
3	Went there with the hubs to try it out on a Friday, I have to say the food and service were very good and reasonably priced. Katie our server was very attentive and kept our drinks full, the place is small and the owner intends on expanding which will be nice, the patio area looks nice we will try that next time. The only bad I can see, the seating is uncomfortable inside, I would have stayed longer had it not been for that. The owner came to our table and introduced himself, which we like to see, and told us his intentions for expansion, I hope it happens. We could definitely see ourselves becoming regulars here, it is that kind of place, and besides that, it is a great place to people watch!
5	The taco plate was sublime!  Great atmosphere, nice people .We will defiantly be going back for the tacos!! A must try if your near
5	The salsas, everyone of them, are amazing! Check out the Salsa Verde and Habanero, both excellent and all are made in house. Love that they have a taco dinner with 4 different tacos, what better way to try them all (chicken, beef, pork and fish)! The staff are all great and super friendly.  My husband and I love this new gem we found. Great food and great service! Highly recommend! They may have been out of Tito's tonight, but they normally have it. Strongbow in a bottle, only thing better would he if it was in tap! Not many places have Strongbow!
2	Wasn't the best experience, I have been here a couple times it was really good! Today it wasn't the best. I love that they have Wyland posters! But the service took forever it took us probably about one hour and 45 minutes just for 3 things.
5	We had a wonderful lunch today. I had the soup(Broccoli, my favorite) plus a mini 1topping deep dish pizza & Jerry had a hamburger with skinny fries. They were delicious! Great service. As a vet, Jerry's lunch was free. We will be back again soon.
2	Food was great and service from the two bartenders was exceptional! But don't know if I'll be back. West gate is usually busy Sundays after Cardinals game so we wanted to go to a place where we could drink, have a good time and enjoy the game, so we landed to this place. It was perfect not busy and a good amount of TV's to bring our friends, but when we asked if we could get the volume for the game instead of the music the bartender said the music needed to stop but he doubted it would because the owner was the one who was playing the music. The owner was having a blast drinking with his buddies making the bartenders work double to get they're drinks and ours. At that moment I told my friends not to come and we left elsewhere. I may not run a bar but know and work with customer service, and in businesses like that you cater to your customers first not yourself. At least me in my business I give the customers the best experience possible for them to come back but we did not get that... We're all heavy drinkers and work for tips as well so we like to spend money on places like that. At least that slow night they would've had good business and multiple nights after that, now I don't know if I'll be back!
4	I did go back to this place after my first review and again I had really good service! Like the first time. I liked the fact that someone was going around asking for suggestions on how to make the place better, shows that they care about their customers. It was just a first bad experience, I definitely want to try the rest of the menu! And my favorite beer Victoria on draft!
4	Came here before a game at the Cardinal's Stadium which allowed for a short 2 mile drive to the game from the restaurant.  The restaurant is moderate size with bar seating and we were able to grab a table for four without a problem.  The music, lighting, and TVs were all at the right level.Having never been to the restaurant before we ordered a variety of items.  We tried the taco sampler plate, a chicken enchilada, and the house margaritas.  They also bring you house chips and salsa though I believe it is worth asking for their salsa verde and pico de gallo for $1 extra, their house salsa was way too thin for me.  The fish tacos were hands down the best item on their menu that we tried.  The fish was fried to crispy while still being moist and not greasy.  The creamy sauce and slaw complimented the fish well.  The rest of the tacos were okay but not as amazing.  The rice and beans side was small.  The house margaritas were weak but still refreshing.I'd come back for the fish tacos and their fresh chips and salsa verde.
5	We have eaten here three times and each time it is great! The fish tacos are outstanding. My hubby hates fish but loves them. Margaritas are spot on too! Family friendly to the max during the daytime.
