5	This shop is as you would describe Spiderman, AMAZING. They have a massive and diverse trade paperback section that spans the whole back of the store. The new comic wall is alphabetized which makes it easy to find your favorite monthly book. Also the new comics come with bags and boards already. if you're looking for older comics look no further. From the old rare issues on the wall. to the large back issue bin. To the comic sets. They have what you need and if they don't have it most times you can order it. They have a huge and I mean huge selection of magic cards and items for that game. They always have somebody there to play a game with even the owners will (if not busy). They also have a big selection of war hammer games and models to build and paint. Not to mention heroclix, board games, and action figures. The owners of the store are on staff all the time and are possibly the most knowledgeable in the industry. my recommendation is go. You will not be disappointed.
3	This show has a nice selection and variety of graphic novels, comics, toys, and cards. When I visited (a Wednesday evening) I was a little uneasy having to navigate through narrow aisles--but I will be fair and say that may not be the permanent arrangement of the shop, they were holding a Magic tourne (may have been another game, I didn't get a good look). This seems like a nice shop, but it felt a little dusty and cluttered.
5	Very cool store. They have a TON of random stuff you could very well be into, and you can easily find something new to get into. The selection is fantastic, and they carry carry everything from comics to rare rp board games and miniatures. It's a fun adventure walking through all the aisles and shelves. My biggest thumbs up? The people who work there. Only been there once, but the lady working was incredibly nice and helpful - definitely what makes the store feel so welcoming. Compared to my last store experience, this speaks volumes.  Will definitely return and bring my friends as well, it's worth the drive.
5	It's like they preserved my childhood and are selling it back to me, piece by piece. It's awesome.
5	My spouse and I were looking for a specific Pathfinder book and didn't feel like ordering it online. A couple people had recommended Action Comics as a good RPG/boardgame store and we were in the area, so we decided to check it out.The store itself is larger than many other comic stores. Most of the middle of the store is dedicated to tables. When we walked in on a Saturday there were four or five games going on. It looks like a popular place to play Magic or Warhammer. The selection of boardgames was good, and I appreciated the "Free Boardgames to play" section, although I didn't take them up on that. I was also ecstatic that  they had miniatures for Pathfinder and many other games. I don't play Warhammer, but they had a decent section of the wall dedicated to pieces from that game.I didn't purchase any comics, but they seemed to have a good assortment. They also had other bits of nerdery: t-shirts, posters, statues, pins, materials for painting figures and dice. We ended up buying a lot of paint and brushes for painting our miniatures, and the employees/other patrons were very helpful with their advice.If I lived in the area I would definitely consider playing there.
5	I love this place! The staff is so cool, the shop is big with space to move around, lots of events, and great products!  I only shop here for all my RPGs and comics.
5	Great Magic the gathering hub! The staff is very helpful and they host more events than any other comic store I've found in town. They have plenty of tables and the ppl who frequent the store are also very friendly and helpful. I live 40 miles away from this store and make a trip down once or twice a week for their draft or game day events.
5	This an awesome shop, they have all the needs for anyone into table top gaming or magic the gathering ad well as an exstensive selection of comic books and graphic novels, and after moving to a bigger store just a few doors down the atmosphere has gotten even better. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable there is always someone there playing games and they try to keep up to date on all there stock. Great store that I highly reccomend!!!
5	Well, if you like boardgames that are beyond monopoly or magic then this is the place. Thursdays at 6pm is board game night, so come along bring your board games or just yourself and play epic games.
5	My teenage son goes to this store to play Yu-Gi-Oh sometimes and I buy his comic books here too. The people that work here are so helpful and nice! They are very nice to my son and when I go in as the old mom, they always try to help me find the right comic book that I am looking for when I know nothing about anything. I also like their selection of board games. The store just has a good atmosphere and everyone just seems very happy to be there.
5	I came into this place a long time ago when they first opened and didn't think too much of it.  This weekend though, I stopped in while getting an oil change nearby.  This place seems much bigger than it used to be.  Not entirely sure if it really is, or just seems that way.  If you are into comics, this place is huge, has a huge selection of comics, books, toys, boardgames etc.  Apparently they also have game nights, where people bring in games just to play with other people which sounds like something that would be fun for some. While I was there, kids were playing Magic or something like that on one of the big tables they have setup in the game area.  I didn't see much at all in the way of "sports", but they did have a little bit.  I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys comics.  They sell cards, and card boxes as well.  This would be a great place to get started on any comic collections, or getting into any of the role playing games that are currently available.  Although I am not into either of those, I can appreciate the store for what it has to offer.  One last thing to mention, I don't really know how prices compare to other places since I am not really a comic collector or game player.
1	Action comics and sports?   Then in the pictures all you see is lil board gamers.   Most comic shop nowadays call themselves a comic shop then you walk in rarely will you see comics
