2	The "Chances Are" that you don't have much time left if you are caught in this place.Look, I have nothing against the aged - I am getting there myself... But really, this is a 100% geriatric establishment. There should be a social security card machine to make sure you were born before Ronald Regan to get in here. The decor is beat-up 80's - something like a thrift store. The bar is large and mostly deserted. I assume the food is as flavorful as an inner tube - I didn't stay long enough to find out.Sometimes places need to die (just like we all do someday). I'll likely end up in here in about 25-years. LOL
2	AT last.....the long anticipated review of Chances Are.  I read the review by Michael C before I was knowingly dragged here by my g/f's grandparents.  And let me summarize it as follows:  Chances Are......that if you don't think that the "I'VE FALLEN AND I CAN'T GET UP!!" commercial is the rollins, then you certainly belong in this restaurant. Let me explain. The g/f's grandmother told us that she wanted to take us to this place because of the entertainment and dancing.   I'm usually game for anything, but, I didn't know just how NOT cool it was going to be. We arrived at the restaurant, and, as Michael C noted in his review....it is  a100% geriatric establishment.   The inside is about as exciting as the Salvation Army down the street.  It's horrible . But you see.....therein lies the stark dichotomy:  old people LOVE this place.   Allow me to explain: Upon arrival, the lounge singer "Jimmie" greeted us.  The g/f's  grandparents go to this place every Friday night, apparently.   Old people LOVE going to a place only to be acknowledged.  Period.  My parents love that.    They feel really special.   Well......when Jimmie the lounge singer says hello, gives a wink, etc.--people dig it.  Doesn't matter what the place looks like or what the food looks like.......they like the PREDICTABILITY of it all.  No surprises here fellow Yelpers. So we sit down for dinner -- and order drinks.   The wine tasted as though it had been filtered through a sweaty gym sock.  No joke.  Later found out it was Vendage (i.e. "box" wine).  I couldn't drink it.  And I like Two Buck Chuck!We sat for two hours watching the 60+ crowd get their groove on.  And.....for that reason, I say, keep this place going!!!!   Old people dig it!  The lounge singer was 100% geriatric, but the songs he sang brought the folks back to the "good old days!"  And they seemed happy !   Live and let live is what I say.........The food--about as good as an old shoe.  Absolutely 100% old people food.  Tasted like eating in the retirement home.    But the old people LOVE IT.  Wow. You wouldn't believe it, but ended up going BACK to this place the next morning for the $4 breakfast special.   It wasn't as bad this time around -- not sure if I was starting to blend into the Scottsdale geriatric retiree community and just giving up......but .....it wasn't too bad without the lounge singer....(sorry Jimmie-- your version of "Moon River" is just not my preference).  If you're 70 and over (which, doubtful you're here on Yelp) -- this is your 5 star place.  For those under 70 who get dragged here -- you are brave ,brave, brave.........
1	I was very disappointed..The food was good. But you are crammed in this little dining area with one waiter and the the chairs are horrible I sat down and thought I was going to fall on the floor. You are so crammed in you can hardly get out to go to the restroom..Service was terrible never came to refill the glasses with water or even ask if you wanted something else to drink. If you are not a regular and know the waiter personally you will get horrible service ..STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT WATER OR A DRINK WITH YOUR FOOD..Waited for the waiter to even get our order. ITS SO LOUD IN THERE YOU CAN NOT CARRY ON A CONVERSATION..WILL NEVER GO BACK
5	We went there for my 39th birthday and it was so much fun.  It was very relaxing, a little dark and with live music. The music was from the 50s to 80s probably and the guitar player/singer was very accommodating.  The crowd that was dancing was older than average but watching them so graceful and happy and healthy and in love was really balm for the soul. There is life after 70 :)  Our waiter was really nice and after he heard it was my birthday totally shocked me like 45 minutes later by having the musician sing Happy Birthday and present me with a nice cheesecake with a candle in it.  I had New York Strip and my boyfriend had the lemon caper pike and we shared Oysters Rockafeller. We were both very happy with the food and service.  We will definitely be back!!!
3	TThe happy hour here is pretty good. They have a stage where live bands play. I wish they had more events using the stage.
4	Ok, First let's get it straight... this is a place for say " 55+" crowd! Not a place for yougsters! The food is GR8! I have been going now for almost 4 years on a steady basis. We go there to eat, dance, and listening to the music!It is a fun place to meet people and get to know some of the locals.Something different going on almost every night. Singers, karaoke, dinner specials, Etc. Try it, you might like it!!
1	I usually have so many nice things to say, I am just one of those people, but unfortunately this is not the case for Chances Are. I went there for my moms birthday, and we brought a coupon. Yes, I know coupons are lame but if a restaurant puts a coupon out there they should expect to honor it. The dancing was fun and I thought the singer last Saturday night was a very good one man show.There were three of us, my mom, my boyfriend and myself. We each had three drinks, we ordered two appetizers and each had an entree. The food was nothing exceptional, and neither were the drinks or appetizers, but maybe the atmosphere could of made up for it?? (No). The bill was brought to us totaled over $210 dollars, and then they took off $50 coupon with purchase of $100+. I don't believe the price is reflected in the quality of the food or atmosphere. The ribs were not baby back, they were beef? Uh, weird?? Way overpriced for what you receive in return, and I do believe the gauged the prices in order to make extra profit from my coupon. I won't go back.
5	Chances Are - now Chances On Sixth. They have completely remodeled and updated their facility and their menu go check it out!
5	Chances are that Chances Are is legit. Forget all these naysayers. They obvi don't know what they're talking about. Btw, It's not Chances Are anymore it's Chances on 6th. Let's get this ish right. I almost don't wanna review it because I don't want all the Scottsdale douchers to go here. I doubt they will. Chances Are has the same crowd as Grapevine. It's geriatric. There's no fist pumping, there's no crazy music. There's just an open space with cheap drinks and cheap food. I think I just love this place so much because of the people I'm with. Obvi. I'd write a five star review on a padded room as long as I'm rollin with the right crew. So I've been here a time or two. And every time we're the youngest group in the place just goin ham. They see us coming, they bust out the Fireball. The owner/cook is the nicest guy ever. He once came out and did a round of Fireball with us. That's a business owner right there...he knows how to appreciate his guests. Don't expect grandeur or anything classy. Expect a cheap tab and stiff drinks. Don't expect to pick up on anyone here...unless of course you're in oxygen tanks and walkers. My boy Steve J knows all about that stuff. I'm sure he can reccommend a good walker. My advice - stay away. Stay far far away from this place so we can keep it to ourselves. See ya never peeps.
1	It's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor. When the 4 of us asked for a table outside (away from the music because it was so loud and bad) the waitress took us outside and showed us a number of dirty oilcloth covered tables and offered us an extremely filthy one. We declined and took another table inside as far away from the band as possible. We ordered some appetizers and drinks. They were very basic and nothing special. After being ignored for 15 minutes we paid at the bar and left without ordering dinner. They suggested reservations which I made under the false assumption that it would be a nice place. It's not. Pass on this one.
4	Basic decore, nice staff and some cool entertainment.  Older crowd often times but that is not a bad thing if you are wanting a low key but fun evening.  The staff has always been great and I've never had a bad  time in the place unlike other places in the area I could mention but shan't.
4	As many have said, if you are part of the younger crowd, this place may not be for you.  Thursday is Karaoke night so we went for the $2 specials and the music.  Has $2 burgers, hotdogs and other items.  I got a cheeseburger and it was a good sized burger.  It was cooked as I requested and tasted like it was cooked over flames.  Bun was good too.  All in all, I found it to be very good.  My date had grilled chicken breast on a bun.  Also $2.  She said hers was excellent too.  The server was helpful and attentive.  Only problem seems to be that the refills on your soda are not free.
5	Under new ownership as of Nov.1,2013. Grand opening was fantastic. Great food and entertainment. Ray is really making this place a Happening Place. Mixed age crowd. Lots of great dance music for all ages. 2 dance floors. Great new menu witha REAL chef.
5	I went in there on Sunday night before Christmas mainly to hear the Jazz group. Decided to have dinner, too. What a treat!  The Chicken Piccata was excellent. Drinks were just-right, as was the music!  Throughout the evening, what I really appreciated the most was the outstanding service by my waitperson, Lisa. She was always there when I needed anything. Quick, but not rushed. Warm, friendly, service with a genuine smile. She was handling most of the dining area herself.  A real Pro. As I had not been in Chances Are for a couple of years, I appreciated Lisa bringing me up to date on the menu.  Great food, perfect mood music and outstanding waitperson.  Can't wait to come back.  Thank you!
4	My husband and I first went to Chances last Friday. It was very busy, but the service was great. The owner came and introduced himself and was very friendly. We needed a place to go, have fun and listen to good music. Everyone was awesome and we felt so welcomed!! We will be going back!!
1	Been here a couple of times - not sure why we keep going back (convenient?).  This place smells. Bad. Like p-trap issues. Last time we stopped in on our way home from Clancy's. Place was dead. And smelly. Ordered 2 domestic drafts, laid down a $20. Got $10 back in change. Wait, what? $5 for a draft? We mentioned the price to the bartender, who apologized, saying they mistakenly charged us the "entertainment" price. He did give us $2 back, and he was friendly. Still think $4 domestic drafts for this place unreasonable. I'm sure we'll stumble back in, and regret it in the future...
5	We're snowbirds who've been coming here for 7 years in spite of the old owner because of the great music/real dance scene with young lindy dancers and some great senior dancers.  Now under new owner and chef and the food is fabulous.  More pricey than in the old days but you get what you pay for and every meal we've had has been worth every penny.
2	I wasn't expecting much at Chances but I was pleasantly surprised. It's sort of geriatric but the real old ones leave by 9. Even if they don't leave, who cares? i enjoy the low key atmosphere without having to worry about kiddies taking over the dance floors!Chances now has two wood dance floors so it could become one of the better dance venues for the the few people that still know how to partner dance. The layout is very conducive to a social dance bar scene.I went there two times. One time "Soul Power" was playing to a crowd of ages 40-70. People were dancing and seemed to enjoy the funky music. The band wasn't playing their best (lack of keyboardist?) but that said was probably better than most other bands that play there.The other time a rather lame duo band sang over tracks. Their music wasn't inspiring and it wasn't very good dance music (to me it all sounded like rumba and East Coast Swing) but people were dancing -- and they weren't all old -- some were middle aged. The beer selection is pitiful. Maybe the worst I ever experienced! If Chances wants to attract a younger crowd they really have to do better. A bottle of Fat Tire really shouldn't be asking for too much. I had a $7 martini and it was a good value and well made. I would have given them a 3 star rating if it wasn't for the lack of beer choices. Parking isn't bad if you don't compete with the hip hoppers up the street.Chances could become a nice place for adults to dance if a few more energetic bands are hired and they play until 1 am. I'm not sure what the odds are of that happening, but there is a chance. .I will definitely give Chances a few more visits, and hopefully I'll have a better rating.
