5	Dr. Cat was amazing. She is a very passionate, caring, and all around excellent dentist. She's the kind of person that you want working on your child's teeth. She explained all procedures and her concerns regarding my 4-yr old's teeth in detail. The front desk staff and dental hygienist that cleaned my daughters teeth were all very friendly and treated my daughter with compassion. Even though we had a few big fillings to deal with and it was a little painful my little one said she go back because Dr. Cat was so nice to her and gave her toys. They give gifts to the little ones after having work done. We paid a little extra for light sedation & nitrous oxide but it was worth it. I'll def bring my daughter back for her next check up.
4	We have been seeing Dr Sina since my son turned 1.  My younger daughters also started seeing her when they turned 1.  Dr Sina and her staff are great with kids.  They always made mine feel comfortable and have fun with them.  Her office staff is very nice and friendly.  The office is painted colorful and they have kids movies playing while you wait.  The only issue we have had is there has been a few times we saw a different dentist even though we specifically ask for Dr Sina.  Now I call and ask a few weeks before our appt and make sure we are seeing Dr Sina.  The other dentist was very nice, we just prefer Dr Sina.
4	Dr. Sina is great! Her dental staff is wonderful with kids. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that her office staff, though friendly, seemed to take some time returning phone calls.
2	Dr Sina and her staff were very nice, courteous,  and friendly.  The office is very colorful & child friendly. My only issue is the last time I was there with my 9 year old, she said he had three very small cavities & wanted to fix them immediately.  I said no! She said if he's very diligent brushing his teeth then they won't progress. They won't disappear but they won't progress. Well 6 months later they won't take my insurance without a referral from a regular dentist. I take my son to my dentist to get a referral, they give him a checkup, cleaning,  and x rays. There are NO cavities! I told the dentist that he should have 3! He takes more detailed x rays...NO CAVITIES!!  So, now my son goes to my dentist.
1	For years I took my children to Dr. Sina. I did this despite Dr. Sina. I always loved her staff and at one point Dr. Cat who is no longer there.  Dr. Sina has a horrible bed side manner and at times is down right rude.  The final straw was when she said my child needed a baby root canal and crown.  We went to a new dentist fire a second opinion and all that was needed was a large filling. Also,  my other child was told he had 4 yes 4 cavities that needed to be filled,  we took him for a second opinion also and find out he needed none,  zero, nothing, no fillings. The 4 previous filings that she had done now have to be followed by the new dentist because they were fine incorrectly. The same 4 original filings that she did incorrectly she was trying to redo by trekking me he had 4 new cavities.  I'm not sure if I'm explaining this correctly but the point is,  she is not a good dentist whether it is her dentist skills or people skills, she lacks in both.
1	All I can say is wow this experience with my toddler was so awful. They were very judgmental and gave us lectures. They did the same thing to her cousin yet she has no dental issues! They wanted us to go to a surgery center and put our daughter down for general anesthesia. It was traumatic for our daughter, my wife had to listen to her scream and the staff would not let her back there to calm her at all! They had to strap her down! They suggested a ridiculous amount of work to be done at a surgery center!We did the responsible thing as parents and got a second opinion and we are so glad we did!We drove 20 miles to see a different dentist we were referred to by friends and they were so amazing. Toys, TV room, staff was so sweet to our daughter. They said they would come get us if she cried but she didn't cry at all! They also took a cute picture of her with Disney characters to take home! They ended up doing work there in the office under laughing gas, it was easy, they did a great job and it was not half as extensive as dr sina suggested!I just received a nasty letter saying that my daughter cannot be a patient with dr sina because there were informed that we got a second opinion and they are afraid for my daughter's health! What a joke! The dentist office we got the second opinion from was amazing, do not ever go to Dr. Sina. Rude staff, rude dentist, bad with kids, and they exaggerate the severity in order to get your money! They cannot be trusted. Do not give this office your business. Go to pediatric dental care associates of nevada at 8981 west Sahara drive suite 110 89117. All of the dentists are great, large faculty, only for children, and they are great with young kids! It's worth the drive you will not be disappointed !
1	Dr Sina is RUDE. She has the highest turnover in staff I have ever seen. If u get a second opinion the work is never extensive as dr Sina says. Horrible bedside manner. Don't take your child here. Office is dirty looking too.
