1	This business Is a joke. They weren't busy at all. My 9 year old nephew politely asked them to help him with his bike and they said seven days out with out even looking at us. Oh and did I mention they were playing with a shotgun in the repair area? Yea. Unloaded? Who knows. And it was kids playing with it.  A real gun.  Trust me.    Needless to say. I got out of there and wouldn't even use their store to Use the phone if I was hurt. Its more a hang out for kids who want to have gun accidents than anything. DO NOT GO THERE  its a joke. Hope this helps save someones life from an accidental gunshot wound.
4	I have my tune-ups at Bike King and also bought some parts for my road bike.  Ron and Ray were very personable and customer service oriented.  Yes, at times there were some junior high boys in there but all cordial.  In fact, I think they were mentoring some of them.oh and yes, they are very busy and did tell me it would be a 10 day turn around a couple of weeks ago because of all the bikes they are repairing.  I am glad they are busy!If they were playing with a gun, I hope it was not loaded....
1	A store where you feel VERY un-welcomed!!! VERY poor customer service and they don't carry real quality bikes either. I went in to have my broken spoke replaced. I politely asked if they can replace it for me. I didn't "force" the guy to fix it right then and there. I was just gonna leave my wheel there for him to fix it but he started to work on it, which I thought was cool. But it was taking him longer than what he anticipated and he got so upset and throwing towels around and cussing like crazy! What the?!#$ Really??? Even the owner guy doesn't seem like a biker at all and not too friendly either.
4	I initially came in to lay-away a TREK. They let me make my own terms that catered to my budget. They even tacked on a discount when submitting a payment on Black Friday. They answered all my questions with reasonable knowledge and treated this prior military member with money problems with courteousness. If you want a TREK, I haven't found one shop in the valley with their products.
