4	Just discovered Yogurtini in the Pavillions at Talking Stick last week. It's located right next to the new movie theaters and we'll definitely be going back! They had the most flavors and topping choices I've seen in a self-serve yogurt place, and they were flavors I actually liked!   They have several tables (usually this kind of place only has two or three... a pet peeve) and an outdoor eating area, complete with a water bowl and dog treats for your 4-legged friends. They also offer suggestions for mixing various flavors and toppings, which is great for people with no imagination like me!
5	Great atmosphere, even better frozen yogurt. This beats em all
5	Stellar! This place not only had tasty yogurt, but awesome customer service as well! The woman working behind the counter came out to see if we had any questions or would like to try a sample. Then the owner, Sue came and introduced herself and thanked us for coming in. She was very friendly and pleasant which made me want to come back to this location for sure! Now onto the yogurt. This is a self-serve place which is always my favorite. You can get as many flavors as you want and load it up with unlimited amounts of toppings. I am a nanny so I have been to so many different yogurt places. This one had more toppings then the rest! My favorite topping is mochi which most places normally have. Well this place didn't just have it, they had three different flavors. I have never seen that before and I was super excited about it! Mango, strawberry, or rainbow. How do you chose? Easy, just throw them all in. Yum yum yum!
5	Service with a smile, yummy yogurt and a great atmosphere...what more can you ask for?  Pet-friendly patio is a big plus as well!  The yogurt is YUMMY and the variety rocks.  The owner, Sue, is personable and has hired a great staff to represent her business.  Kudos!
4	Holy cow!  16 flavors to choose from?!  Swirl your own samples, as many as you like?!  $0.39 an ounce?!  Yes sir, Yogurtini gets an A in my book. Find the shop by heading in the direction of the movie theater...Sparkly new and spacious interior, friendly staff, and a huge toppings bar also do the trick. The flavor profiles are solid and the froyo doesn't immediately melt like a Popsicle in the desert...and yes, this is important, considering we are in the desert. I'd give this place five stars if there were more fresh fruit toppings...having oatmeal cookie froyo doesn't hurt either.  A great deal brought me in; I left with a smile, a satiated sweet tooth, and another coupon to bring me back next go-round.
4	My favorite frozen yogurt place yet!First, on walking in, I'm not greeted with a mass of people all trying to do different things (enter, exit, fill their cups, pay) in the same square foot.  I'm greeted by space...and lots of it.  And friendly employees that acknowledge you and ask if it's your first time.  Wow, it's been a long time since I heard that question.  I'm also greeted by sample cups.  Where they should be.  And a menu with the day's flavors so I don't have to peer over everyone's shoulders to see what's there and then back track because I prefer the first flavor I passed.  And I'm greeted by plenty of choices in yogurt...all worthy of a place in my cup.  And plenty of choices in toppings.My only suggestions would be to not crush up the candy so much...I want to know there's a Snickers in my cup, not Snickers dust.  And get a different brownie bite (steal them from Yogurt Land if you have too)!Other than that, I love Yogurtini!  And great outdoor space, too...even if it won't be usable for the next 6 months :(
4	I've been here a few times, and it's always delicious. It's tucked way back by the Ultrastar Scottsdale theatre, and i can't go to one without the other. A great mix of flavors, friendly employees, and i dig the color scheme. oh, also .39 an ounce! Get some!
3	There's "dog-friendly," and then there's "we feel it's perfectly acceptable for the first thing our customers to see is someone's dog slopping yogurt off the owner's spoon-friendly."  I won't even mention the second dog at the same table periodically yapping or the water bowl set up at their camp.  Oops, too late.Sorry Yogurtini.  You lose a star for this one.  Maybe respect your other customers enough to suggest such idiots feed their dogs on the shaded patio, especially when it's 6 pm and overcast.  They're not going to die, but I just about threw up.
3	This was the best tasting yogurt out of all of the yogurt places I have tried popping up all over the valley. Lots of flavors available including an Irish Mint that was really tasty. They have sample cups right by the machines to try any you like. One complaint- The window sticker says open daily until midnight and we came in around ten and the worker had the tongs cleaned up so I had to use my spoon to divvy out the toppings. Then my fiance came in while I went outside to wait with our pup and he gave him flack about the store being closed already so he didn't get a chance to put any toppings on his yogurt.
5	When you walk into Yogurtini, you get to breathe and relax.  Sometime when I go to a place like Yogurtland or Yogurtology, you feel squished by the lack of space.  Yogurtini is very spacious and very nice ambiance if you decide to eat your yogurt here.When you go big up a cup, they have huge sizes.  I was wondering why their cups were like bowls.  When you see the assortment of amazing flavors and toppings, you will understand why.  My favorite was a hybrid combo of dulce de leche and red velvet.  I came with a Groupon and 2 other people, so we made sure to get our moneys worth.  I enjoyed the natural flavors of the fruit tart yogurts.I would definitely pay a visit back here because I feel the ambiance and service makes the visit more worthwhile.
2	It was so-so I would rather go to yogurtland.  Some of the flavors tasted horrible. The cheesecake tasted like old blue cheese I almost got sick!!!
4	Great options.  Had the Maple Bacon Donut Yogurt! So yummy.
4	Almost every fro-yo place feels exactly the same to me. Why did I like Yogurtini so much? Great flavors.  I've sampled other Key Lime fro-yos but this was the first one I enjoyed enough to order -- tart, tangy & creamy.  Same thing with their Dulce de Leche. Other places' version is usually thin and only hints at caramel - Yogurtini's was rich and full. Nice, clean, quiet design. Spacious and calm.
2	First gave it a four star because it is absolutely yummy but we the customer service was awful.  Saw two clients wait about fifteen minutes to pay and no one was in there.
1	This yogurt store is horrendous. I consider myself to be somewhat of a Fro Yo conossieur, and this place seriously didn't cut it for me. Me and a friend walked in, and there were no greetings whatsoever by any kind of employee. For that matter, the whole place was empty. No staff, nothing. So, because there was a self serve sample station, we decided to get our own samples. Upon approaching the six or seven yogurt machines, we saw that the trays at the bottom hadn't been cleaned in ages. They were SATURATED with yogurt. And for those of you who don't know, yogurt is filled with probiotics and live cultures that, when not refrigerated, reproduce and make yogurt spoil and go bad. So, long story short, there was spoiled yogurt just sitting out in the open. Somehow, we weren't deterred at this point. We got our samples, and I almost vomitted. The yogurt in some of the machines literally tasted like it was sitting in there for weeks. It was spoiled. YES, spoiled. Rotten. Gone bad. This is understandable for a place that gets very little business in an area like the Pavillions, but it is still unacceptable to cut corners and serve disgusting product to customers. It was perhaps one of the grossest things I'd ever put in my mouth. Then, when we got to the register, we had to yell a bit to get the teenage boy out from the back room where he was hiding. We paid (for the few yogurt flavors that were not spoiled), ate, and then left. Pros: Calorie count for all the flavors, per ounce. Flavor and topping combination suggestions. ..... That's it. Cons: Dirty store, Virtually no service Spoiled yogurts. Needless to say i will never be returning.
5	Just your standard self-serve yogurt place. Get your samples, add fruit toppings or whatever crackhead combo of candy, cake, syrup, etc. you want, and pay per ounce!  So why the five stars, then, you ask? Sour apple frozen yogurt. WINNING, DUH! Nowhere else seems to have this flavor and it was amazing! Also, it was nice to see calorie counts by the ounce listed.
