5	Lucy's is a fabulous little shop with an outside sidewalk display, stuffed full downstairs, and fabulous upstairs all packed with the most beautiful pashminas, jewelry, and hats. This adorable store is run by a lovely woman named, you guessed it, Lucy. This store is the perfect place to get gifts for all of your girlfriends...and a few things for yourself as well! The pashminas are my favorite go-to gift. They are $8 a piece, or 3 for $18...and they have every color and pattern you could imagine. **Tip** The best items are upstairs!Let me set the scene...You stumble across the sidewalk display in front of the store while going from one food store to another and all of the sudden your eyes go to the beautiful colors that surround you. Once you step inside the tiny shop you squeeze around the many displays of sparkling jewelry, handing scarves, and body wraps that cover the walls. There may not even be walls in this store...there is far too much fabric hanging to even know. Then, as you've finished looking around and you are about to tell Lucy how lovely her store is, you see the narrow staircase that leads up to a room full of treasures! The stairs are lined with more beautiful fabrics and once you get upstairs, you know there is no way you will leave without SOMETHING from Lucy's. The scarves upstairs are so beautiful. There are stunning pashminas and soft solid and plaid scarves for the men in your life. Even though I look horrible in hats, I was tempted to buy about a dozen houndstooth, plaid, and solid winter hats. I went in for one scarf for a gift...left with three and had to force myself out since I am fairly sure that I was parked illegally. If I had a legal parking spot, it is safe to say that I would have done some serious damage to their jewelry cases. Gorgeous stones sparkled in every one. So go to Lucy's and park legally...and pick up another scarf for me...
5	Absolutely love this new store in the south side. Stopped in here on a whim and purchased a last minute Christmas gift. From hats, to clothes, to jewelry, there is something for everyone. The store carries items for all ages.
5	I love love love Lucy's! They have some of THE cutest clothes you will find and the prices are very reasonable. All of the people that work there are very nice and helpful, including Lucy herself. They have super cute winter hats too!
5	Lucy's has the cutest, most original hand made stuff! I have bought several scarves there, which are very unique and I get compliments all the time. The people are really nice too. You can get some adorable kid sweaters here too and girl dresses.
