3	Went to Fear Farm on Friday night, luckily we got there when it first opened and didn't have to wait in line long for any of the attractions.  They do not accept credit cards but do have a ATM on site that charges a $5.00 service charge, just so you know.  For $18.00 you get all 4 of the haunted attractions.  We started with the Apocalypse corn maze all the way at the end, there was no one in this line because everyone who gets tickets automatically goes to the first attraction.  This corn maze was good and alot of fun!  It was well done, with lots of scenes and it made me scream a few times, which is always a big plus.  I would recommend this corn maze for sure!  We then went to the asylum, which I knew just by being in line was going to be bad.  The gentleman working the tickets kept yelling at everyone for everything and was quite annoying.  Upon entering, every single scene just had the actors standing in the room?!?  No one was hiding trying to jump out and scare us.  I know that when I walk into a room that has a poor quality scene and a actor just standing there, I am not impressed.  This was one of the worst haunted houses I have ever been too.  I am from Ohio where haunted houses are a major thing at Halloween, and I was so disappointed.  We then went to the Carnevil corn maze, it was pretty good, not as good as the first corn maze, but it was still ok.  It had a few good scenes, but not as many actors.  By then we had just about had enough, we had been there for almost 2 hours and the crowd was really big by then.  When we arrived at the mortuary, the line was so long we just decided to forget it, it was however another building attraction like the asylum and we figured it would be just as bad.Overall I had a good time, it was chilly out and it was fun to be out there for Halloween.  I would recommend the 2 corn mazes, they were fun.  I would also recommend that you get there right when they open (7:30) because later on it was a mad house.
2	First of all, I think everyone should know that I am a giant sissy when it comes to scary stuff. I am the kind of person that screams at lame scary movies, jumps at loud noises and cowers at the site of the smallest of insects.That being said, I think I am a credible source to say Fear Farm was LAME. If you can't scare someone like me, then something is wrong. I went with a friend the first friday night that it was open. The lines were so long and I felt like I was on a middle school field trip with all of the preteens running around. We went through one haunted house (there are 4 total) and left.Knowing that it was not Fear Farm's fault that it had attracted so many teeny boppers, we held onto our passes and returned on a Thursday night when the kiddies would be tucked into bed. MUCH BETTER. The lines weren't too long and we made it through the other 3 in a reasonable time. Unfortunately, the scare factor had not improved. I think I jumped once or twice the entire time and that was because there was a chainsaw next to my face, and as I mentioned, loud noises scare me! Weirdest part was that I got hit on THREE times by the monsters!!! Apparently I attract the creepy or something? And one of the guys working there totally hounded me...I get that they are supposed to get in your face and scare you, but this guy took it to the extreme. Plus, I thought they weren't allowed to touch you. This dude wrapped his arms around me and wouldn't let me go!!! This went on for a couple of minuted before he finally backed off. It was so weird!!! I came to be scared, not picked up on!!! Ugh!
2	My husband & I took my 14 year old sister here Halloween night of '09. To start off, my sis & I had to use the bathroom (us girls have little bladders!)......there were porta-potties. I know from previous experiences that porta-potties aren't the cleanest things, but these little closets of stench were DISGUSTING. To add to that, there wasn't any toilet paper, so I had to drip dry (ewww) and the one my lil sis used wouldn't lock and some guy opened the door! I had to run over there and stand in front of the door to make sure no one else walked in on her. With the money they charge, you would think that they could at least make sure that the porta-potties had tp and the locks worked!I'd like to point out that Fear Farm was situated in a dirt field with rocks...meaning girls, be careful of the choice of shoes you wear. Although I did see the predictable array of skanky costumes complete with stripper heels, so if you think you can rock them without busting your azz, then go for it. There was a good mix of people (including a few lone old pervs staring at anything female walking by...yick), but the overwhelming majority were teens. $19 per person got us in 4 of the venues (you get a punch card that a worker will punch when you enter each one). Be prepared to wait in lines...some had up to a 1/2 hour (or more) wait time. We went through "The Asylum", "Carnevil", and "Apocalypse", but ended up skipping "Chainsaw Mayhem" because my husband was getting annoyed with the characters running noisy chainsaws by his face. The exhibits weren't that scary and for the most part they relied heavily on the old hiding-and-jumping-out-at-you-and screaming-in-your-face routine throughout each place. I thought The Asylum was the most creative/interesting haunted attraction because you had to go through a ton of different rooms and you didn't know where the doors were in some of them. However, I wasn't crazy about a couple of the workers yelling "Wow, you've got huge boobs!" in 3 seperate rooms. One female character even asked what size bra I wore. Can you say inappropriate?   Good news for the hungry......there were food stands similar to what you would see at the State Fair or any other carnival. Beverages, cotton candy, hot pretzels, turkey legs, and funnel cakes were some of the offerings. We split a funnel cake with powdered sugar that was surprisingly scrumptious (YUM!). In addition, there were stalls with face painting, temporary tattoos, and glow-in-the-dark items for sale. To sum it up......My husband & I most likely won't ever go back, but my sis loved it and had a great time. IMO, Fear Farm is best suited to young teenagers and families with kids ages 8 and up. If you want to get the bejeebers scared out of you I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
2	Lot of kids, really annoying ones. If you are an adult and looking for something fun to do around Halloween look elsewhere, but if you have kids they might enjoy it. The lines are outrageously long, 40 min per "haunted house." The whole experience was dreadful. The actors were horrible and not scary, one of them got my wife's pants soaking wet, and the corn maze reeked. It is way too crowded, the only reason I am not completely p*d off is because it was military appreciation night and it was no charge. Had I payed I would be furious. I went to Tucson Old Studios last year and that set the bar amazingly high, definitely worth the drive and price for professional entertainment.
4	I see a lot a people complaining about the Lines at fear farm on here, and that is not something fear farm can really control. It is what it is, there are always fast passes you can purchase. Each year gets better than the one before! This haunt has more actors then other haunts, which is a huge plus. Every time you walk through it is different than before. Animatronics are amazing yes, but they only scare you once and then you know what they do and wont be scared next time.  That is what makes this haunt so unique, Make up is done very well, the courtyard characters look awesome!I do think that the hay bales should be watered down in the lines so there is less dirt and dust because of the amount of people attending fear farm each year. let's not forget about Tremmors and Flinch! Their characters are unforgettable.Fear farm must be doing something right because each year it seems like they get more and more customers, I have watched it throughout  6 years. Each year actors, the mazes, the makeup get better and better.Also Fear farm does not make the portapotties nasty, no matter where you go they are going to be disgusting sadly :(, Customers are sick and dont care about anything and trashes the place.  They add new things each year, the redo their haunts. If you dont want to get stuck in long lines and such i suggest going on a Thursday or Sunday, it is less packed and a lot more fun. They also have special on thursdays when you get 4 tickets for $60, you are saving $20. Thursdays are the best times to go I have noticed.  Excited to see what this year will bring!
3	2nd year....GOING no longer deserves the best haunt in Arizona....this year was the worst experiences ever! They are no longer scary, I was more scared to find a parking spot then actually going..... 5 houses that lasted at most 10 minutes what ever happend to the they can touch you haunt? It was the best....this year they lost us for next year....so heres the problems in detail....1. Parking theres almost no parking when you find it you have to walk clear to the other side of fear farm just to get in, the enterance should be by the parking lot.2. All 5 haunts were too short for $25 I'd say it's worth $10 this year.3. People complain about people touching them...well then don't go to a haunted attraction thats the point!!4. There were lame games across from the attractions.5. Too many cops present, no offence I like being safe but not that safe....I recommend going to ever haunted house except this one it it cost so much!
2	Went here with my family.  The corn maze was okay.  I was told they used to have people hide in the corn stalks and jump out at you.  They no longer do that so you are basically trying to find your way out.  Entrance is same as the exit so it isn't hard.  We just winged it and you can't get lost.Area with haunts is interesting.  They have random "monsters" walking around like a guy with a chain saw and a dead guy with a shopping cart with body parts.  They have a rule they cannot touch or talk to you or they'll get fired.Wouldn't suggest bringing an 8 year old.  My cousin brought his 8 and 12 year old daughters and they were so scared within the first 20 feet that they were crying and wouldn't even walk through to the exit.  My Aunty had to walk them around the outside and wait in the car with them.My other cousin's 14 year old was also freaked out but I calmed her down enough to go through one of the haunts.  The haunt was okay.  You just walk through corn and there are different settings with people to hassle you.  For instance there was a classroom with a scary teacher.  They did have little kids working which I thought was disturbing on a moral level.  They will pick on people who look scared so they were always in my cousin's daughter's face and left me alone.  My cousin went through a different haunt and said they screamed once and the rest was lame.  Overall way too overpriced.  They definitely should let you buy single haunts instead of forcing you to buy all 5.  Go on the website to print $2 off coupon.
4	Fear Farm was pretty good. There are 5 separate haunts to go through which breaks down to about $5 a piece. Not a bad deal. The houses are all themed differently and are pretty well done. My biggest issue with Fear Farm was the "Club Dead" teen pop blaring at full volume. It really took away from the feel of the haunted houses. We went on a Sunday and the crowds weren't to bad but I've heard it gets really packed on Saturday nights...
4	I was pretty surprised with how awesome Fear Farm turned out to be. The amount of actors is staggering and the corn mazes were definitely scary. For $25, you get five different mazes/houses. Each one is a different theme, some indoors, some out, some a mix of the two. Besides the attractions, there are actors wandering around to take pictures with, carnival food and games. The parking situation wasn't too bad, but it is a bit of a walk from the lot to the entrance. The exit is right next to the lot.The only negative is partly our own fault. We went later at night so the actors were starting to get tired and antsy, some of them just weren't taking the whole thing seriously. I would say go right when it gets dark out when they're still "fresh".
5	It must be a pretty miserable life going through an event like Fear Farm and writing about how lame or unscary it is as previous reviewers have.  Of the multitudes of haunted houses I have attended in Arizona, this one hands down had the best set design and decoration of any of them.  This is the type of event one should go to for the experience, not to be truly scared for one's life as previous reviewers seem to point out as an expectation of a haunt.  Of course haunted houses are not "scary" per se.  Obviously they are not real, which is also something previous reviewers seem not to realize.  Fear Farm was a great deal of fun, with quite a few startles and scares.  As previously mentioned, the set designs and attention to detail were fabulous.  I loved lingering through each scene and really taking in the atmosphere.  The layout included both indoor and outdoor experiences in the haunts, as well as several underground tunnels to traverse.  I highly recommend it.  We went on a Sunday, and there weren't many people there.  Deal chicken has discounted passes for Thursdays and Sundays that include fast passes for less than the general admission.  While the fast passes were not necessary on this night, the deal ended up being less than regular admission anyway.  Amazing...  I will definitely be back next year to see what new and interesting concepts the production team comes up with.
2	I was there today and was disappointed. I've been coming every year since atleast 2004. This is where I meant my husband and he rescued me from the chainsaw guy.  Not kidding. My shoe got stuck in the mudd n I went back for it-alone! Until my now husband went back for me and swept me-up and carried me away from the chainsaw guy and so every year after that we went back. It always use to be fun and extremely scary. But this year for some reason they have decided to allow groups of 15 allowing people to go in constantly, which made it crowded and not the least scary. The actors are amazing and in the spirit, but overworked. They need to control the amount of people they let it and how often they allow them in this way the house is not as crowded. I hope next year will be better!
1	Fear Farm was terrible. The sets (other than in the clown house) were cheap looking and unimpressive. The actors were completely un-frightening. They were in obvious places and put little effort into it. I was saddened by the low-quality. If you have any allergies and/or are able to breathe, this will also make you miserable. The amount of dust mixed with the fog mixed with hay made standing in lines unbearable for people with and without allergies -- the entire line was trying to cover their faces waiting. To top it all off, I slipped HARD in a wet part of the attraction (without any warning). Rather than coming to my aid or checking if I was okay, the employee who watched it happen and clearly saw that I was hurt turned away and ignored me. The next employee I came upon saw the blood and asked if I wanted paramedics, but too little too late. This is a huge waste of money. On a Friday night, there were maybe 300 people there -- clearly telling what a waste of time this place is. Save your money and rent a scary movie on Redbox -- it'll be 10x scarier and much more worth your money. Unprofessional. Lame acting. Poor setting. Not worth it.
3	I got my tickets for free and paid the extra $10 for the fast pass. If I didn't buy the fast pass I would have given this place 1 star, because the lines were insane. The place was fun & scary at times, but get ready to get dirty. I took a shower after and the water coming off me was black from all the dirt, dust, smoke and fog.Pros:-5 different haunts-Outstanding atmosphere-Security-ParamedicsCons:-Prices, $25 tickets, $35 with fast pass-Terrible parking, had to park across the street at Costco-Way to much fog! This had to be the worst thing about this place-Areas where you have to crawl, terrible idea-Young high school crowd, I'm 26 and felt super old being thereTips for you:-Look for deals & coupons-Do not take kids under 12, saw a lot of them crying-Wear cloths & shoes you don't mind getting dirty-Don't go on a Friday or Saturday, its packedA tip for management. If you don't want us to touch your actors tell them not to touch us, simple concept.
3	Was taken by friends after we got a $5 off coupon at 13th floor. it was not as scary but had it's moments. very dirty and the crawl spaces were a bit much! you need to have an alternate route for people to take, do not like crawling in dirt on my hands and knees! If you have asthma, STAY AWAY! Not for you! Dirt and dust everywhere!
3	May not be a fair review because we went on the 1st during the Zombie Prom so there were only 2 houses running.  I agree with previous reviewer who states that they shouldn't touch us.  I got a chainsaw to the shoulder - hard!  They had over a dozen guy with chainsaws, which became irritating.  Good visuals though.  Next years we'll try it when all 5 places are open.  Not the Prom though...
4	fear farm is a fun for the family type of haunted house the crowd was mostly high school kids i took my 3 kids ages 6-10 we had a great time but dont expect to be scared the atmospher is light and playful. i say check it out. the lines can get prety long we got there a little after they opened it wasnt to bad but we were in line for about 30mins just to get in the front gate so get there early
5	Do you want me to have nightmares forever? Because after running screaming through a field of masked characters with chainsaws, I think I'm scarred for life! This haunted house is huge with a creepy corn maze, old abandoned town with haunted cathedral, a crashed alien spaceship and clowns in a mad house! NO, THANK YOU! I'm terrified of clowns! So next time I need to bring more friends to protect me or go through the kiddie corn maze! No doubt, Fear Farm is the scariest place in Arizona!
4	This is great way to spend an october night in phoenix! It's a little pricey, but the 5 haunted houses you can go in are mostly worth it! Our groups favorite was the la lloreno, which had great scares with a story tied in which made it more entertaining than the others. The clown house is by and far the scariest. The actors in that one play great clowns and make jabs at you as you walk through, some ruder than others but all in all pretty fun. Chainsaw massacre had the funniest haunters and props, and house of the undead had the worst. Too few and far in between and rude staff. The descent has great props but had better actors last year, still pretty fun though! All of the lines move pretty quickly, and watching all of the teenagers on dates proves for pretty good entertainment while you wait. All haunted houses definetly require the ability to crawl on your hands and knees, and there is no handicap parking, so keep the physical shape of everyone in your group in mind before you go!
3	Eh...it was okay... A few scares...but it's hard to scare a group of people from behind something when groups are sent in so close together. Each time we quickly caught up to the group in front of  us causing the group behind us to catch up to us...so instead of being groups of 5-7 we were quickly a group of 15.. Ya can't jump out from behind a wall, corn field, or other area and "get someone" and if we waited for the other group to get ahead, you could still see what was happening...  I mean each one of us got one or 2 good jumps, but for the most part it wasn't very scary...and the younger kids (Tweens and teens) just scream in order to scream... It was fun to do once but wouldn't make it a yearly thing...
5	If you are looking for a fun and scary Halloween attraction, Fear Farm on 99th ave and McDowell is well worth the price of admission. (28.99 + tax on the weekends.) My friend and I had a blast! We were initially worried when we saw the size of the lines, but they moved fast and it was actually nice having a little break between attractions.  We went on a Saturday night and we were easily able to get through all of the attractions even though we didn't get there until 9:30 at night. I had seen some reviews of people complaining about there being too many teenagers, but honestly the teens were respectful and didn't seem to be a problem.  Plus there was a police presence along with a ton of staff. The entire event is really well organized. The haunted houses were really well put together and the people working there did a great job selling it.  Several of the haunted houses are integrated with the massive corn field which was even more freaky.  Of all the haunted houses the only thing I encountered I wasn't fond off was this one small section that you had to go through a three foot tall tunnel so you could either crawl or scooch down which is really not comfortable. I heard quite a few people complaining as we were going through it.  But it was not very long so it wasn't enough to make me rate this place lower. The only real down side is now my throat hurts from screaming so much... well....that and after leaving I was so paranoid about something jumping out at me that my cat jumped the shit out of me after I got home.... I'm glad my husband got home shortly after so I could stop being so paranoid lol
2	Not sure if I'm getting too old for this or the quality of the actors are getting worse but my experience here was not thrilling.I've been coming here for a few years now with my usual group of friends (we made this our tradition now). Two years ago, the mazes and houses were really terrifying and I was even chased by a guy with a chainsaw (which I fell from running but that's another story). This year I was super excited to get scared and have fun at Fear Farm. Parking was hectic and super unorganized. And there was a ton of what looked like middle school kids running around and being obnoxious. They weren't listening to the workers and kept messing up the hay barrels in the lines. When going through the mazes and houses, they would try talking to the actors and making them break character and just talking about random stuff which was really rude. I didn't pay almost $30 to listen to some kids talk about their favorite show, I came to be scared and entertained.And that brings another point, the actors. Years past they seemed to really try and enjoy their job. They would be able to scare anyone! This year, it seemed like they hired anyone who applied. There was some who went all out and tried their hardest to scare people. Then there was some who just made some random noises and tried to say weird scary things.I was really disappointed with how everything went. The only reason Fear Farm this year earns two stars is because the general wait time wasn't that bad, I was with good friends, and the scenery in the houses were nice. Otherwise it was $30 and 2 1/2 hours I'm never getting back.
3	Fear farm was definitely entertaining, and the haunted houses were okay, the first two we went through was amazing! Scared the tears outta me, but the last three.. Not at all. Once we got to the third, the farm was getting busier and they were sending in larger groups at a time into the haunted houses, making it easier to find out what's coming up. If they would have continued to send in the groups smaller it would have made a much more incredible experience, by then it wasn't worth the just over 60$ we spent on two tickets.
4	Fear farm is still one of the premiere haunts in the valley. Not only is it one of the biggest haunted attractions in AZ, but it's also one of the best! Now some of the houses are better than the others but you are bound to find one that you like. There is Chainsaw Mayhem, Undead, Decent, Mouth of madness, and La llorona. The actors were really good this year and sets were really well done, and the make-up was excellent, especially in the Mouth of madness haunt. Now here are the negatives.For some reason Fear farm attracts the teeny boppers. They are definitely annoying and make the line longer. THE LINES! If you wanna go, go on a week day to try to avoid this crowd. Also, Fear farm has a few dead spaces, there are a few periods of time where you go without any scares. Other than that, I had a good time at fear farm and look to be back in the future.
5	I go to fear farm every year. They change it up enough that it's always worth going the next year.  They have 5 haunts and a corn maze. Personally I park across the street at the huge Costco parking lot and take the crosswalk back to fear farm that's located right across the street because there are cops that will see if you are jaywalking.  The line to get into the fear farm parking lot is always long and they charge to park in their dirt lot filled with potholes. Save on parking and pay extra for a fast pass! It's worth it!  One thing they changed is they took out the photo booth with the clowns and you can still take pictures with them on whatever camera you have but the lines are unorganized and the lighting is bad. The haunts themselves are scary and this close to Halloween any haunted house will be crowded try to go during the week if you can.
4	Certainly one of the best offered here in Phoenix. With 5 different haunted houses and lots of ghouls working the event, you can tell there is a lot of work put into it. It's almost a whole night event if you don't go with the fast pass. Each attraction you wait in line for. I found the sets very well done. I found the only downside is actually the street lights were blinding at times. Definitely worth the money and top of my list for places to return to. Not for those who scare easily.
5	I am a horror buff, and I have been to multiple haunted events in the area...this one by far takes the cake! Don't waste your money on any other event...go here before it's too late!
5	Several of my buddies and I took our 5th grade boys to Fear Farm as their first haunted house.  Went on a Monday night and it wasn't very busy and never had to wait more than a few minutes to enter any of the haunted houses.  The sets were extremely well conceived and everyone had a great time.  The downside is that since we had no waiting, the houses started to seem similar with a slightly different theme--and the kids started getting braver by the end because they caught onto the similar scare tactics.Definitely recommend this place on a non-busy night--look for the nights when the price is slightly lower and go then!  You won't need a fast-pass or VIP and will get through every house in 2-hours, also allowing for a 15-20 minute break.  Great fun!
4	Been coming  here with  my buddy 3 years in a row. And i have to say.. im liking this years. For  starters i kove the digital wrist bans we have to scan now to get in to all 5 haunted  houses. The line system for this year is way better. Belive  it or not this year got me jumping  like crazy when i went through  all of them. The only problem  i had was i feel like 2 almost have no changes in it. Overall  guys this place scared  the crap out of me. Keep it up fearfarm ill be there next year
5	First i want to disclose that i volunteered here last year and i thought that was amazing! This year i was  a customer and i got Blown Away With Fear! Ok so we got there @715 on a tuesday and it was easy to park - fast to get in - and gave us all night for all 5 Haunted Houses plus it was not busy which makes it scarier and more intimate :))) felt like everyone there was just to scare us! The Haunted Houses and Corn mazes are so detailed and scary - the actors stay in character and really work to scare and you feel like this is a full on scare experience! The roaming actors are insane scary and ready to chase you with a chainsaw!! Love it!We spent 2 hrs just screaming and laughing and blowing off steam from the mundane work grind- thank you fear farm - thank you so much!!!! Cant wait until next yr!!!!
4	Let me first say that I'm a pretty tough cookie. You may startle me, but scaring me just isn't gonna happen. That being said, I went into Fear Farm with a predisposed side-eye. The set up was different. Fear-Con was also going on, so it gave it a sort of Cirque de Halloween atmosphere; very carnival-like. There were 5 different haunted house attractions. We got there around 6pm on the Saturday night after Halloween, and it wasn't too crowded. We were the first ones in the general admission line for the house where you have to crawl. (Thank you to the reviewers who mentioned this! I'm OCD so I brought my gloves so I wouldn't have to touch the ground.) I actually didn't have to crawl though. Maybe because I'm short? Maybe because I'm a good squatter-walker? I don't know, but I made it through on 2 feet.  I was going to try to break down the 5 houses, but they're getting jumbled together in my head... There was a clown house. There was a creepy, Louisiana bayou house. A corn maze ( All of the houses included a corn maze though.) The Alien house. And the worst (for me): La Llorona. I don't like her, and I wasn't expecting her, so she freaked me out!  There were a lot of chain saws in my face and creepy whisperings in my ear. Oh, and the Jeepers Creepers bus was cool too! I like that they let us go in by ourselves and they spaced the groups nicely so it was just us. (Except the Alien house. There was no one in the line and they still made us enter with a group. We entered and then fell back and waited for the others to move ahead.)Lots of food vendors (fry bread, funnel cakes, curly fries, slushies, etc), and it was big and spread out.Overall, I had a lot of fun, and felt that it was worth the money. ($2 off coupons were available at 7-Eleven. I noticed that Groupon offered discounts in September of last year and this year. I'll be ready next year!)
4	As a guy i think its funny that im actually scared of haunted houses. Im always for a scare amd great experience. So first time in az. It was enjoyable! Crazy to think how much time they put into building and creating different themes. I can say the first house was the scariest. Why? Because its always the ice breaker. You dont know what to expect. And onve you learn the pattern of scares, its alot easier to get through the rest. I was still nervous and alittle scared, but got comfy after the first. They did a great job with make up, acting and setup. The alien theme was boring. Alil creapy cuz they got in my face, but it was the most lame one. They did make a few comments to me which made me want to drop them to the ground, but it was acting. So i let it slide. Overall, im curious to what the setup will be the next time. Ill probably end up trying another haunted house. I recommend it to everyone for sure!!!!
