5	Everyone needs to check this Crossfit gym out. They recently opened and went in to see what was going on. I met Royce and had a workout with him today. He was awesome! Very professional and knew what he was doing. It is a brand new facility and very clean. I cant wait to go back and get another workout in. I would give them 6 stars if I could.
5	This is one of this one of this places that needs to be reviewed by every client. My wife started attending this place for about three weeks now, and she is ecstatic about it. My wife has never done any sort of weightlifting in her life and she has the coordination of a two left-footed seal. I was afraid for her safety and the poor people who will help her in the gym. She comes home the first day, and she told me that she almost passed out. I was thinking that this girl would not come back. She did and through the intensive basic training that they have given her, she could now do pull ups, push ups, and squats with relative ease. They also have a nutritionist that guides the clients with the right food to help them work out like horses in the gym and stave off their tendencies to eat like pigs at home. The prices are also better than most, if not all, of the other Crossfit in town. Before I forget, the people that runs this gym are extremely educated, which comes out when one converses with them. Lastly, the people who come here are also extremely friendly. Once they are done with their grunting and yelling, they are quite affable and very helpful with one another. My wife has been really happy with this place and her body has transformed.
5	"Other gyms use machines... CrossFit builds them"I have to give my Coaches Royce & Chris 5 stars alone for how amazing they are!I first got into CrossFit because one of my friends aspired to be an instructor. He would incorporate their movements and circuit training into our workouts so I am no newbie when it comes it comes to seeing what kinds of workouts are right for me. With that being said, I think that everyone should try it out. It will definitely be do-able seeing how CFME gives people the opportunity to try a free class so they can see if it works for them. In my opinion, if it was easy, everyone would do it. Your heart will race. Your muscles will be sore. You will want to collapse on the floor after finishing a workout. But most importantly, you will feel empowered. You will get stronger and better. You will be proud of what your body can do. Further proof? Take a look at their testimonials tab on their website :)My intro class was fun! I brought a friend to try it out as well and we both learned a lot of new movements in one session. Be sure to come a little early to class so that you can sign some waivers. I actually brought another friend just yesterday (she hasn't worked out in months) and she enjoyed herself as well. I like the attention that the coaches give each, and every individual. Whether you are a new member just signing up or someone who has been with them for a long time, they are going to give you that attention to make sure that you are performing your lifts correctly and there will be no injuries from your workouts. The environment is motivating with everyone cheering everyone on and clapping after someone has done their first muscle up or PR'd on a new weight. Even if you think that they are not watching, they are! I have received several "Way to go Kat!" Or "Good job Kat!" even when they are sometimes clear across the room. They can definitely tell when a weight is too easy for me and have me add on more without it messing up my form. The class schedule is basic: Warm Up and then either a WOD (Workout of the Day) or AMRAP (As Many Rounds As Possible). There is always a new workout everyday and it gets me excited to come to the gym. I enjoy working out in a new, clean facility and it does get mopped every night. I am excited to get fit, strong, and update this review after 6 months progress :)
5	Dropped in during my stay in Vegas.  Coach Royce was very welcoming right off the bat.  He made sure I knew where everything in the box was prior to starting.  He gave everyone in the class attention during the strength WOD and the actual WOD - correcting form when needed.  I could tell he was assessing my experience during the strength portion (find 3RM front squat) and applied that to how he coached me during the WOD.  During the last round, he told me and another guy to go AMRAP instead of the set amount of reps in the EMOM because he knew we could be pushed to that point without sacrificing form.  This is a sign of an excellent coach.  I'll definitely be back to this box next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I am going to update my review with my progress thus far. Do keep in mind that I have been attending CrossFit at this Box for exactly 3 months and workout only 3x a week here. To have progressed as quickly as I did is pretty fantastic.Left side is the weight I began at; right side is the weight that I can handle now. 1RM meaning 1 Rep Max.Deadlift 95 lbs 1RM / 165 lbs 1 RM - WOWBench Press 55 lbs 1RM / 95 lbs 3RMClean & Jerk 55 lbs 1RM / 95 lbs 1RMSplit Jerk 80 lbs 1RM / 105 lbs 1RMBack Squat 95 lbs 1RM / 135 lbs 1RMBefore we start our workout, we always take one 200m lap around the building whether rain or shine. If you know me then you know that I am definitely not a runner.. I actually hate it with a burning passion. I used to always be the last one in the door and already be winded. Now, I am usually the first one in the door or Top 5. I love CrossFit because although it can make you feel like a beast, it also humbles you. I could be gifted with Deadlifts, but I need more work on being able to throw up heavier weight on my Front Squats. I love the environment that we are in. I know that during timed workouts, and I feel like I could not possibly do one more rep, there is ALWAYS someone there telling me "You can do it! Pick up that bar! Just one more Kat!"Again, Royce and Chris are AMAZING coaches! One of the best sessions I had with Chris was when we were working on finding our max for the Split Jerk. The motion can be described as "The barbell is driven from shoulders to arms length overhead. The lift is complete when feet are in line and bar is under control." I had assumed that I would only be able to throw 60 lbs over my head.. MAX. Chris was very motivating and kept joking that I needed help adding weights so he threw my 20 lb plates onto the ground and slapped on some 35 lb plates. And.. I did it! He talked me through the whole thing and now I know that I can put at least 100 lbs over my head. Thanks Chris!It is nice to see your coaches doing the workouts with you and always trying to better themselves as athletes instead of standing there and telling you what to do. Your first time is free, class only takes up an hour of your time, and workouts can be modified to your fitness level. So what do you have to lose? Try it out for yourself.
5	As good as it gets. The trainers are able to modify workouts for EVERY age group, ability, and even people with injuries. They are great at explaining every movement and proper technique no matter how skilled the athlete is. Every workout tends to be well rounded and gives people the ability to grow strength wise. They are continually adding new information and developing as trainers to help their members. It is a fun, yet professional environment. People are welcoming and definitely a place that will help you achieve any fitness goals you have. Check it out, you won't regret it. ;)
5	I have recently become addicted to crossfit. You could say that I've drunk the cool-aid and become part of the 'cult' that people think it is! I LOVE this crossfit box because of Coaches Royce and Chris and the new addition to the team Coach Jacob! They are so incredibly friendly and the most knowledgeable fitness guys I've met! They are truly passionate about fitness and crossfit and if you come by and do a drop-in class I guarantee that you will be hooked and become as addicted as I did!
5	One of the cleanest, if not THE cleanest, & coolest (temperature regulated lol) box I've even been to. The coach was right there in the class correcting and making adjustments for you, we worked on Cleans. That service made the workout really personal. Communicating with them via email was easy, I was setting up a free trail. Pros: they have a shower room.Cons: na for this first visit
