3	A nice change of pace from the clubs near the Strip. Less pricey and the dancers are more accessible. I was there on a Wednesday and it was dead until after 10:30. The dancers were friendly without being pushy which was nice.
4	Five reasons to visit The Library strip club:1. Ok it's a dive bar, but topless.  Nice twist ;)2. Gotta love the sense of irony they seem to have.  There is a row of bookshelves on each side as you enter.3. The numbers: $10 cover, $6 beers, $8 mixed drinks, $20 lap dances 4. The girls are ok, sort of like Chili's waitresses, cute but certainly not breathtaking5. East Side represent, 95 and Boulder Hwy.  If you're staying downtown or coming from Arizona it could make for a pleasant diversion.Oh and #6: Where were you?  I was at "the library" baby, just catching up on some motherflippin' Dostoevsky.  Crimes and punishment indeed.
4	Holy Crap Mike....I forgot about the Library.Seriously I was with my buddy on Boulder Hwy when we were like...Ohhh Fancy library with lights. Like the LA one is so nice and it's like prestigious...."Hahaha yea like I bet this Library has gaming...."(Aura of Light) "Uh Does that mean Strip Club?"BRAKES....UTURN.....Hehehe hehehe Beavis and Butthead moment."Dude We're going to the library....to research anatomy... NO BOOBIES HAHAHA" So we walk in and look around. "Hey buddy I work for the media and I've lived here for a while and I never knew you guys were here, can we check it out?""Sure come on in and let me buy you guys a drink" Hahaha SCORE.I hate going to strip clubs with cash. But alas I had it. We sat and I had my vodka rocks, my buddy had a beer....and we watched. No it's no Spearmint Rhino chicks. But it was good ole home cookin girls. Some were lil ghetto latina chickas from la vaca. A few girls looked like compton ghetto booty bookends. Oh and good ole usa White trash glass blowers(If you don't know the term PM me) So my buddy gets the Latin chick with the tramp stamp with flowers resembling all 12 of her kids. I push off a few until I meet Apple Pie Barbie with the I'm going to college story. It was cute. Until I saw Tattoed Whore who had Daddy abuse her  Barbie....Giggidy. So yes I took her and made her dance the naughty dance and she slapped me and I laughed because she hurt her wittle hand...Hahaha I'm a big piece of meat. Respect it. But oh she smelled like candy. If I could tear her apart. But I decided....No bueno. Strippers bad. But they're definitely fun in this place. Not to mention the great books. They're still doing the dewey decimal system. I mean With such great classics like Annie Oakley, Calamity Jane, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Hustler....Sigh...Yea definitely better than Larry's Villa....Wait...I don't wanna leave until I watch a girl in the public shower.....ARRGGH
4	Hmmm Library is under new management? Maybe I gota wait and see what's changed.. Anyone down to try it out this week or next?
2	I'm really sad to give this place such a low review. It seems like such a cool place and they have awesome happy hour deals for lap dances and drinks. And the unlimited beer mug. I really like the locale's strip club venue, then the big fancy schmancy ones near the strip. But I'm going to have to rate it low, because they don't let women in unless they are escorted by men. Friend and I went December of 08' and we were turned down. In no way do we look like hookers, and we were dressed properly. It was an off hour and their parking lot looked empty. We went out of our way from the strip because I had heard so many good things about this place and it sounded like it fit what I enjoy. We did go to Play it Again Sam's and got special permission from owner to be allowed inside that strip club. In fact we ended up just sitting at a table there for 5 hours, while a stripper sat with us and talked about how she was from Seattle and then one of the bouncers joined us too. Deja Vu we felt totally welcomed without a single bat of the eye that 2 women actually enjoy going to strip clubs.My friend and I both drink, tip girls dancing regularly, in no way obnoxious. I would think that our money is as good as any man... I'm just majorly disappointed that I wasn't able to get in. It isn't exactly convenient to the strip.
3	In Vegas, most of the strip clubs are focused on the tourist market and squeezing out every tourist dollar they can--i.e. push champagne rooms and exorbitantly-priced VIP room dances.In such a market, the Library is refreshing.  It's a classic dive bar strip club, offering stage pole dances and lap dances, but focused on the locals and offering reasonable  prices ($10 cover, $6 beers, $8 mixed drinks, $20 lap dances).  That said, there is a VIP room, which is a rip off, just not as much of a rip off as the tourist-focused clubs.The girls are hit or miss -- depends on the day.  But the best part of the  club is the shower in a glass box installed above  the bar.  Periodically, dancers will take a topless shower for the patrons (disclaimer: the place is only topless).  It's the little things that make life worth living.
5	As far as Dive Titty Bars go, the Library is top-notch. Here's my last experience there: My boys Hot Sauce and Dahmer and I stopped in there after leaving the Vegas Bowl football game in the third quarter (too many Mormons supporting BYU and bitter cold too) We were drunk as skunks. We were immediately approached by some gals, who sat with us in our booth. Using the conversion scale, they were: Library 10's/ Cheetah's 6's. Spearmint 5's. Anyway- I was the worst of the three, and unable to recieve a proper lapper due to my inebriated state. As blondie tries to persuade Dahmer to go to the back room, he says, "Sorry hon- It's Bros before Ho's, and I gotta take care of my bro.." Of course she was very insulted, because she thought he called her a Ho, (which she was), and so she called the bouncer, who promptly came over and 86'ed us from the club. That's when i puked in my mouth and had to hold it all the while doing the 'walk of Shame" to the bathroom with a bouncer on my arm. Still legendary......
4	Ok, so maybe this is going to be a hard sell. The girls are not exactly the same caliber as the bigger tourist trap gentlemen's clubs in Vegas. And on a good night (Friday) it can be pretty dead. But if the one club where I wind up having the longest conversations and the best lap dances of any gentlemen's club I've been to happens to be a dive bar too, so be it. Drink prices are reasonable. And having a local buddy with a gold card who gets us in for free every time helps too. I think overall, this place just happens to make this out-of-towner feel like a local.
4	A far cry from academic pursuits, this little club is where locals are looking to study more than just books.  Gone are the tourists and heavy tippers, just another theme of business casual ladies with black rimmed glasses giving patrons quite the eyeful (#1).And while I'm not a huge fan of these types of places for reasons my wallet can only tell, I have to give it up for this venue because it manages to do well with a theme that doesn't attract gramps with the RV or California road warriors just looking for fun.  The prices are about right ($5-10 cover + $8 drinks) and the ambiance is about as serene as any real library could be, at least before 10PM.  After that it's a dive bar that just happens to have a scantily clad (#2) staff.None of these librarians ever hassle folks for attention.  It's similar to Montreal style - where the patron solicits for the attention, not the other way around.  Thankfully the place isn't so divey that skeevy visitors are around to declass the joint up - instead it's a nice mix of all walks of life, one that includes women who you think are part of the gig (oh happy hour), when in fact they're just spectators.But a strip joint close the strip it is not.  It's located closer to downtown, just heels off of the highway, an area that screams shady than anything.  Come in a group and have a blast and let the people with plenty of disposable income have fun getting poor and nothing else (!) at the other places.  And no, I'm not referring to the casinos.____________(#1) or eyesore.  Take your pick.(#2) Severe understatement.
5	This Is Old School Vegas At Its Finest!!! Nothing Like It Anywhere In Vegas Anymore
1	The girls are below average. Their bellies are bigger than their boobs. The sound system also needs improvement.
1	Appears to be out of business, no web site, phone disconnected and nobody there!
