3	I'm probably going to lose any and all credibility for even reviewing this place and risk being excommunicated from Yelp by stepping foot in this establishment, but I have to admit it's not a bad place to go if you have kids. Sure, being surrounded by screaming kids, animatronic mouses, arcade games, a guy in a mouse costume, and pimply-faced teen employees serving you food may be someone's idea of hell. But, for those of us that have kids it can be a good option for a family night out.There's no question the food is one-star-quality at best. The pizza is light on sauce and the crust has a weird buttery/oily texture to it. The toppings, however, seemed relatively fresh (we got a vegetarian pizza). They also get points for offering a salad bar (even though we didn't try it) and sandwiches. They never had this many option when I was growing up.This location is surprisingly well-maintained. It's cleaner than I thought it would be for the amount of traffic they get. I saw several employees roaming the room, constantly picking up and clearing tables. I also like how they stamp families as they enter and check them when they leave -- making sure you're leaving with the right kid. You have to give credit to any kid establishment that takes precaution against child abductions.So, my overall 3 star rating might seem a little high, but any place that can make my son laugh, sing, dance, and have a great time is ok in my book. They have some 'rides' that my 2 year old loved and plenty of games for older kids too. They even have skee ball, which I haven't played in years. (full disclosure: I was awesome at skee ball back in the day... almost thought about turning professional. I was that good).While this place isn't my idea of heaven, I can tolerate it just to see the smile on my son's face as the semi-operational animatronic Chuck E. belts out some tunes.
3	Not a bad place to check in and let the kids run wild, while the adults can wait at the table.Things to note here are that the Pizza is VERY expensive unless you have a coupon.  If I was brave enough, I'd bring a $10 Costco pizza.  However, the salad bar isn't a bad choice.This is one of the better Chuck E Cheese places that I've visited.  For the most part the place is clean, the games are in good repair and the employees are friendly.
4	Out of all of the Chuck E Cheese's in town, this is probably the cleanest I've been to. The staff are readily available to assist and I haven't had to wait 20+ minutes for the kids to redeem the arcade tickets like I have at other locations. The prices aren't bad if you use a coupon from the paper.
3	Went there a few Saturdays ago for a party.  I am a Henderson snob and try not to leave my hood unless necessary.  (My fault for having Summerlin friends :-)  Anyway, we usually go to the one on Sunset or Eastern.  I realize this is a "newer" one and should be in good condition.  I was a little unimpressed by the fact that there was two games out of order with no signs, one which took my son's token.  IMO-it's just about maintenance and that should not happen, particularly because they had just opened for the day.Our kids love CEC, but not impressed with this location.
2	Chuck sad to say you have gone down hill.  Kids wondering around lost without parents, staff that could care less about helping, and ticket machines that break down and no way to redeem tickets.It's sad because I think that this place has promise and could be making so much more money if they even provided a tiny bit more service.  Parents who need their kids to be entertained will tip a server/entertainer just about anything to help.  There are so many 16 year olds that need jobs and would be good with kids, just hire a couple and one great manager and you will be making much more money with a much more fun atmosphere.As for the parents that bring their 2 year olds in there and let them wonder alone (potentially) getting hurt, well staff need to tell those parents watch your kid or you need to leave.  Chuck e should be family fun not a babysitter.
4	Your typical Chuck E Cheese. Although this probably the nicest one in the valley and fairly clean the staff is incredibly lost and rude. Their machines eat your tokens and the when you ask for help they act like they don't know what a token is. All in all, when I cave in and take the kids to a Chuck E Cheese this is the one I will go to.
3	Chuck E Cheese sure has changed from when I grew up with it as a kid in the 80's but so has everything else right? It seems many places have just gone down hill in every aspect from when we were younger.The machines are tighter than a ticks ass in giving tickets, they eat up tokens and give you very little in return. I was smart and went to the Company website and printed out a 100 tokens for $20 coupon. They always have internet coupons, I never pay full price for tokens when I take my nephew there for fun. The prize selection in which you redeem the tickets for is an even bigger joke! Most of this junk is dollar store or quarter machine worthy and breaks before you step foot off of the property. They could do a lot better for the kids and get some decent prizes. I could have taken my nephew to the dollar store and given him the 20 bucks to spend and he would have walked out with 20 toys that are way better than Chuck E Cheese. Instead for 440 tickets he walked away with a flimsy straw, a plastic bracelet, and tiny plastic blow up guitar. Very lame for all of the tokens used up!Many of the machines were broken, eating tokens and not returning anything so I had to call over employees a few times to fix machines or reimburse lost tokens.We eat before we go, $20 bucks for a small pizza no better than frozen, I don't think so.
4	Brought my niece and nephew for lunch. We came early so we had the entire place to ourselves. Once it got closer to 12, this place got packed!!! ;)Make sure to go online to print out coupon deals! I printed out a 100 tokens deal + the pizza & tokens deal...
5	always a great experience, kids are always happy. fun time good place for parties
3	Planned my sons 5th birthday party here. My fault for doing it on a Saturday. The place is packed. Total insanity. Very, very loud. Don't expect to be carrying on any conversations with the other parents. Kids running everywhere. Kids had fun. I mean it's Chuck E Cheese so I wasn't expecting perfection. My beef is with the pricing. Kids cost $12.99 each for the party package which is no biggie and you can order extra pizzas for parents at $16 a pop. BUT you also have to buy individual drinks for the adults too. I don't know about you but I had about 4 times the amount of adults to kids and at $2 a drink that was almost $100 more. They leave that part out until you get there. And no you can't bring in bottled water or anything. This place is expensive for a kids party but everyone has to do it at least once so save up!Did like that they "number" you and your child with a stamp at the door so when you leave they make sure you have the right child. Selma, our party hostess, was great. Very helpful and one of the few teenagers working there that wasn't totally hating life.
3	Good food nd kids have a blast
1	This place. Failed white helt inspection.. have.... b......
1	Don't let your cell phone or other things out of your sight. I stopped here for some pizza and when I left, I forgot my cell phone at the table, barely turned down the street before I noticed i left it, turned around, wasn't too worried because it was empty in there. Ran in to get it, no cell phone, asked the employee if anyone turned one in she said no. I was confused, started looking around, my boyfriend started calling my phone, someone forwarded the call to voicemail as if to stop  it from ringing, called again, phone was shut off. That's when I knew something was wrong. I asked the general manager if he could please help me and take a look at the two cameras right by our table to see if he saw anything, he replied and said that the cameras don't show our table, it cuts off at our table but shows everything else, I pointed to other cameras that might show he kept saying no, he didn't seem interested in helping. Went to another manager when he walked away, she said yea we have cameras right there let me tell them to take a look. 15 minutes go by I see her talking with someone else in the back, looking shocked at something the other person was saying, as if saying "no way" and kept glancing over at me, I knew they were talking about the phone, I stand up and am waiting for her to tell me what they saw! She walks over and says no they didn't see anything, no one went by our table. That was strange, seemed like they saw something. But she continues saying that yes it was stolen and its gone. I ask if she saw the tapes directly, she didn't, I asked if I could speak to the manager that did, I had more questions. They saw me sitting there, 20-30 minutes go by and no one came over to talk to me, just ignored me and ignored the problem. My honest opinion is they saw a employee of there's pick up the cell phone, why else the lies and sketchy behavior? Gut instinct something was not right.  I should have filed a police report for theft and had the cameras looked at. They were not helpful nor truthful. Not the kind of staff I would want kids around.
4	We had a big birthday party for our grandkids today at Chuck E Cheese's and they loved it!  Lots of rides, lots of tickets and lots of fun.  Our waitress got everybody yelling for Chuck E Cheese to visit and they were excited.  It was great.
3	We had my daughters birthday there last Saturday - 12 kids and about 12 adults.The Manager Manny was a nice guy.  He was very helpful.  Our hostess was Brianna; she did a good job.The place is well used; it looks like the carpet should have been replaced months ago.  I am a little leery of walking on it, let alone allowing my kids to run around and fall on it.They did a good job with the party; I feel I got my moneys worth I just wish the place was maintained better; I think the staff is doing the best they can with what they go but the Company needs to spend some money maintaining the place.
3	I took my 5 year old nephew here several times as it was a fun experience he enjoyed!We get a pizza, drinks and lots of tokens to win prize tickets so in the end he can score a prize.This was one of my favorite things to do as I could spend time with my precious Jayden and enjoy the smile on his face while we play the games.Our last visit was just the three of us, Auntie Nikki, Uncle Chris and Jayden we really had a great time!The staff is friendly, the food is OK and the games are good and that is what matters.My only complaint is that it takes a lot of tokens to win prize tickets. I think they could do a lot better with the toys they order from china for ticket redemption. They want a lot of tickets for 99 cent store junk.This time we had cashed in 1600 tickets for an electric car that was broke when we got home! We took it out of the box and put batteries in it to find that it was broke and would not turn on which sucked! I was not about to break Jayden's heart  so we drove back and they exchanged it for another toy.Anyways it is a place where a kid can be a kid! :)
2	This place has gone downhill despite apparent efforts to appeal to the adults.  When it first opened there were very few menu items, mostly just pizza, and the kids games were liberal with the tickets.  Prizes were reasonably reachable if you stayed long enough and pumped enough money into the tickets.Now there are more menu choices, all of them fried or high calorie finger food except the salad bar and there are no decent prizes.  The tickets are hoarded unless you happen to be there when Chuckie throws some in the air creating a frenzy to rival walmart on black friday.This particular location has the absolute worst service of any I have been.  We waited 50 minutes for a luke warm pizza with the cheese not even melted.  It wasn't even very crowded.  The door staff was friendly but the wait staff were rude.  The salad bar was gross with food mixed with other food (obviously from customers dropping it) and food all over the counter.  At least 4 employees walked past it and did nothing to clean it up.  Eventually someone switched out the mixed items but merely pushed the gunk on the counter out of the way dropping some on the floor and leaving it there.On the plus side, they have recently upgraded their games and at least the photo booth game prints clear photos now instead of the blurry, pixleated black and whites you used to receive.
2	The BF and I came for our friends kids birthday party. Yes, we don't have kids ourselves, but come in the name of solidarity and making all the kids jealous of our game playing skills and fat ticket stacks or so we thought. There are few places to do kids birthday parties and I'm sure kids were having a great time, but I laughed at some of the glazed looks on some parents eyes.They tried to make it better by offering lite beer and generic wine, but I guess some Summahood parents went buck wild as there is a one per hour limit on alcohol per person. I don't think you can even get a buzz from that even if you used that watered down crap as a alcohol enema. I don't know what changed with pizza, but it was much better even in the past  years when I've been to birthdays for my nephews here and certainly it was way better when I was a child. Now it taste much more frozen, premade crust. Did not try anything else like wings on the menu and there is a small salad bar which is maybe your best bet honestly. Now the BF and I walked around in hopes to find some games to play. Together because you can't leave a mustached tall white man alone without paranoid parents pulling their kids away I make the boyfriend slightly less molest-y. Fuck your ugly little ginger kid, sir. There were a lot of games that were like throw your coin in and leave it up to chance type games. Basically, slot machines for babies and equally as rage inducing and disappointing, but compels you to put more coins in. One even was a complete racket. I put a coin in, got it where it should to score some tickets then it told me I got a  "bonus" ticket frenzy type thing, but only if I throw another coin in. Stick to playing interactive games like the basketball, football toss and skeeball. Don't go on the spinning game/ride thing. It smells like pee pee. The best game we found was a Deal or No Deal thing as it had long play value and the BF somehow picks the suitcase with the max amount of tickets so it's one of the few that pays out.  I know I didn't get less shitty on games as I got older, so they must have become tighter on tickets as I had a tiny pile. I have in a storage box a few dolls I won at Chuck E Cheese circa the 90's so the prizes definitely aren't as great either as everything was looking much more low quality. The playground is one area to climb up and go into 2 tubes to 2 hidey holes and a slide - that's it. I guess it can't be TOO fun because they need you to play some games. If you do go, look online for coupons. There's almost always a $20 for 100 tokens and some food coupons (though I advise to get pizza instead across the street before/after instead) . The plus for me is the random video montages, music videos and slightly creepy sensual song choices of the animatronic singing Chuck E. I was singing the parody of the Michael Jackson song they did "I wanna Barbeque" all night from this music video of some purple Grimace/ Barney/Chef lovechild thing in a glittery ass suit. Probably highlight of entertainment is musical adults discussing merits of these little jingles. And what is up with the Zach Galifianakis look alike with a wolf painted face hanging out on a beach during sunset video clip?Maybe showed up a bit too sober, but definitely learned if there is a next time.
5	If you were chained up in a basement you may not know what a Chuck E Cheese's is, but they have not changed much in 25+years. This one is clean and up to date but otherwise still the same old Chuck E Cheese's.The Good:One token per game.Take destructive children here and abandon them.They serve alcohol.The Bad:The games are 78% ticket based gambling machines.There is nothing worth redeeming with this tickets.The alcohol is awful beer and they have wine on tap. Somehow this is worse.Pretty sure if you were to spend any real time here you could develop the plague.The food is relatively expensive and below college quality.Go here so you don't have to host a gaggle of destructive children, not for any other reason.
3	I rate this Chuck E. Cheese A-ok because it serves it purpose of feeding and entertaining children while parents are nearby. Yes, the pizza is better elsewhere. Yes, it could use updated furniture and carpeting. Yes, the games and prizes are outrageous in price. But the kids that are running around making memories with their friends and family is what is important. I have no children so I only go here when there is an invite. I would say the staff was organized and kept everything neat and tidy in our party. The parents don't have to lift a finger at all for 2 hours of fun and excitement. Way to go Chuck, keep up the good work.
3	My son loves this place but not me. My son is only 4 and I can't really sit down without some kid trying to take his coins. So as he gets older and able to hold his own ill be more comfortable with this place. But it's def inexpensive though so that's a good thing.
4	I did a walk in party for my daughter. I came in early of course so I can get a table. Every table was either reserved, occupied, or guessing if it's occupied or not because the tables either had trash on top of it or food left over. Some of you would probably think okay, it's obvious that those two reasons I gave means it's no longer occupied... You'd be surprised! I'm not writing this review to complain. I'm just letting others know for their information if they ever decide to do a walk in party or a walk in, in general. This is what will happen. It is very crowded. I came in on a Saturday @ 5pm. Cashier's were great. I didn't wait for more than five minutes in line to get my order each time. Overall, there wasn't much of a problem. Everyone had a good time!!!
5	Great location clean facillities our food came out in a timely manner. Salad bar was well stocked and maintained and all machines worked.  Being from hawaii i like the salad bar is all you can eat.  In the islands its not. Ooh they have beer!!!
5	Alright, so check this shit out. 1) tokens. 2) pizza. 3) the homies. AND THE CHUCK E CHEESE GUY!! But forreal that pizza was dank af, breh. And they have lemon-like Gatorade on fountain tap?! Damn.. Oh I schooled all the folks in that running hamster machine. Bring the ballpit back with a lazy river full of balls so I can chillax with my pizza. A++ on the chick who squeezed us in with no cover charge. Table and bottle service on p!
4	I have to admit, just like the several other parents I know...I've always had a dislike for and Chuck-E-Cheese. Just the name of the business made me think of germs lol. BUT, when my daughter became old enough we decided to bring her here for some quality family time and hopefully it would be entertaining for her as well. I LOVE Chuck-E-Cheese!!! lol. I'm sure this place is filled with kiddie germs and that  used to scare me, but now that we've been more than a few times (we're regulars) it doesn't bother me. We'll order our food and buy tokens and while we wait for the pizza to come out we'll play a few games. We ALWAYS make sure to wash our hands after playing the games or handling the tokens and most definitely always before eating our meal (don't we all do that anyway, even at home). This location is pretty clean, the staff is very nice, our pizza usually always comes out hot. There's a fair fountain drink selection. The salad bar is good. The wings are good enough. I don't know what the men's bathroom looks like, but the women's bathroom is pretty kept up. Couple of tips...ALWAYS go online and print our coupons!!! it makes all the difference. If you have more than one adult in your party take advantage of more than one coupon!! SAVE YOUR TICKETS!!! I know, it's harder with the older kids...they win their tickets and at the end of their time there they want to spend all their tickets right that day. BUT, if you plan on re-visiting it's so much more worth it to save the tickets for another trip because unfortunately even 100 tickets barely gets you anything, and the things it can get you are cheap and ...kind of sad. And of course, if you don't like a crowd, avoid going Friday-Sunday. My finace and I make it our mission to win tickets!! Especially since our daughter loves running around to nowhere and dancing with Chucky more than she actually plays any of the games. She's never had to settle for any of the LAME prizes in the glass display, she always gets to pick from the top shelves AND still have some tickets left over for another trip. Bottom line, COUPONS and SAVING TICKETS, is the key to make any Chuck-E-Cheese worth your visit.
4	It's super far from my house but it is the least ghetto. Lol. Definitely don't mind driving across town as long as it reduces my chances of getting shot.Anyways, walked in and the lady at the door was super pleasant and very nice. I go to the counter and there was not a single soul there. After about 5 minutes of waiting, a lady in black comes out from the back(assuming she's a manager), looking grumpy as hell and takes our order.Food comes out and it's alright. Still better than Little Caesars for sure. The chicken is small as hell! But I figured it's to feed little children, so whatevs.The games are all 1 token, but $1=3 tokens. And each game only pays out like 1 or 2 tickets. Lol. And the prizes you can claim are like a minimum of 25 a ticket. Haha. So unless you wanna fork like 100 bucks on a bigger prize, be my guest.All in all, it's a great place for children. I would bring my nieces and nephews here again. Good job Chuck E Cheese.
1	I don't care much for Chuck E Cheese but now that I have a kid and my daughter is getting older, I wanted to bring her here so she can have some fun plus it's near my house so it's convenient.Granted when we went it was cold outside so therefore the heat is on but with the amount of people and kids running around, it gets quite stuffy and musky. Especially once you've been there after say 15 minutes, you get hot so the place just reeks of sweat. I don't think they should have the heat on so high and they should really invest in some automated air sprayer.Secondly, and this is a hygiene thing, they should really make it MANDATORY for kids to wear socks at all time when riding the slides, it's not hygienic to have all those kids running around barefoot.If they can just be more hygienic and not make it so hot in there that when you enter you get this poof of musk, then it would be a good place for kids to go and have fun. Even though their prices are ridiculous, I mean you get like 1-2 tickets per token, really?? And then you have to have a least well over 100 tickets to get anything semi decent but whatever, that's just how it is. If you're going to charge a lot then at least make sure all the games don't look that abused, dirty and old.
