4	Situated in the picturesque students' union building Teviot, the Library Bar (not to be confused with the Library Cafe!) is one of the nicer student bars operated by the Union, which makes it a little bit more expensive!It's aptly named, as there are old, valuable looking books encased in glass cabinets, spanning the two floors of the bar. The food served here is quite wholesome, and though there are snacky options such as nachos and duck springrolls, they also serve a range of impressive pasta dishes and I would certainly recommend their burgers; big and juicy with a generous side of chips and salad!The bar is extremely cosy and is richly decorated; maybe a bit strange but the first thing I picture when I close my eyes is A LOT of polished wood! It's also great for events, as I've been to a university ball there. This is one of the few university cafes/bars I would recommend to the average Edinburgh tourist, because the food here rivals that of any other in town, especially for the price, and I could spend hours in those comfortable chairs... maybe even fall asleep!
4	Within Teviot there are a number of bars and the most popular has to be the Library bar. It only came into existence a couple of years ago when it was decided that Teviot needed a new classy bar. Since it was open I have to say it has become one of my favourite student union bars.Spread over two levels, with a spiral staircase connecting the two, the Library Bar has a rustic, old library look with a slightly more modern looking bar. The majority of the bar is dominated by dark wood furnishings and many, many books in the glass cabinets. The bar opens really at midday when you can order lunch, food is then served till quite late at night. The food is good for a student bar, but at times, service has been slow and sometimes the food has not been as hot as it should be! However, apart from that drinks are at student prices and additionally you can order cocktails which are slightly more expensive. The bar has acoustic open mic nights, a quiz night and you can play board games, ranging from Risk to Trivial Pursuit!This bar is always lively during semester time and does not disappoint!
3	First off, you must be warned: Do not eat the food here. Seriously. I mean, ok, that might be a bit too harsh. I may have got them on a bad day, but they managed to overcook the pasta to the point that it crumbled in my mouth. In a bad way. Also, don't order a Bloody Mary. They don't understand what it is. I'm fairly certain the last time I did what they gave me was tomato juice with black pepper. And that's it. But, as far as university bars go, the Library Bar is the best one. It's also the one that looks least like a hole. It's got lots of pretty old books lining the wall. But beware! You're not allowed to touch. They're such teases. To be completely frank, the best and possibly only good thing about this bar is that it's really cheap. You can get a pint for about 2.50. And their range is ok. I mean, could be better, but not totally disappointing.
4	I loved hanging out here as a student, nice atmosphere, friends about, and can't beat the prices!  Sometimes overly crazy, but also sometimes quiet to sit and play scrabble.  Recommended - as it is a quintessential of Edinburgh attached to the esteemed university.
5	I have a dream. My dream is that one day I will be sitting on a plane, and a very rich old man whose intentions are completely pure will strike up a conversation with me. It would have to be a long flight because he would have to learn a lot about my future plans, and what I want to do with my life. Here's an intermittent transcript of his half of our conversation:-Edinburgh?! When I was a boy...-You remind me a lot of my daughter... died.-Teacher, are you? Well...-Such a bright (young) woman...-A bar - in a library? What an innovative and brilliant concept!...-Books? On the wall?...-Two floors? Winding staircase... hmm...-Desk lamps on the table?...-Serves coffee and tea during the day?...-Cheap beer and mediocre food at night?...-Ahh... I see...-Yes. Like a local... a place where you know everyone...-Like Cheers!?!?...-Oh no? Not like Cheers.-Hmm... -I love a good investment... here's two million dollars. Good luck to you. -No, no... I don't need any updates...-Send me a postcard... -Let me know you're happy...Unfortunately the Library Bar has already beaten me to the punch. I will have to take my idea and pretend it's original elsewhere.
4	Awesome student barclassy yet easy goingA solid night out
4	All my new Edinburgh reviews tend to start with, "So, while I was at Fringe..."And this one is no different!So, while I was at Fringe, we saw a late night show and wanted a late night drink. Our host, the great Jenny L, knew exactly where to take us. A bar. In a library. In the oldest student union in the world.And it was beautiful.I loved this bar. Made of wood throughout on two floors with cabinet after cabinet filled with old books (I liked the complete volumes of The History of War) that were lit up with red lights, giving this an old school bar vibe. There's a bar on the ground floor and tables and chairs there and on the top floor as well. Can't snag one of those, there's plenty of standing room as well (although we were clearly standing in the wrong spot as we kept getting jostled.) It was very, very, very busy when I was there and I assumed it was Fringe but I was told it can sometimes be that busy everyday when school is in session.Still, good drinks, quick service and a terrific surrounding. Who could ask for more?
3	The Student Union that houses the Library Bar is a warren. I still, to this day, can't quite remember how to get to the Library Bar; and instead stride (confidently) from corridor to corridor, to staircase, to room, until I find it / stumble upon it.I rarely come here during term time, as it is part of the University and the students' Union. But during the Festival it makes a great indoor, late-opening bar that has a genuinely decent selection of whiskies and drinks.The queue can get pretty deep and hectic. It's a short bar, installed into the main room of the library. But if you're not in a rush, and more looking for a nice, quirky place to chill with friends, then this is it. There's a balcony area with comfy couches, and they do food. So you can get some guiness, whiskies and just chill.I'm pretty sure I'll end up back here next August too.
4	The Library Bar is one of my favorite hangouts in Edinburgh. First of all, it's a bit sprawling and has two floors, which makes it easy to find a place to talk more privately with a bunch of friends. Also, the decor is amazing - the rooms are lined with bookshelves (hence the name....) which makes everything feel quite classy. Drinks are a bit pricey, and it can be difficult to jostle your way through the crowd to the bar. It's worth it, though! The pizza is also quite good.
3	An award winning student venue not only for its decor and style of building, but that it's central to most festival shows going on in all directions, however a great place to start in for your festival show searches, especially if it's raining. I'm here after peak time and there are still some shows on here till late. There are plenty of tables upstairs and across the hall from the library bar, but as there are a tonnes of folks passing you every minute it will be interesting even if you don't do a show, to celeb spot!In all a fine venue to sup a beer, cocktail, grab a bite to eat, see a show or just mingle with friends pre or post festival event?
