5	I followed Jude here from her Glendale salon and highly recommend this shop her and her sister recently opened.  They are professionally trained superior stylists and great color artists.  I know Jude has worked at Rolf's, Toni and Guy...just to name a few.  She has been doing my hair for years, I made the mistake of leaving her once to let my best friends sister take over my hair, she did an alright job but inevitably I missed Jude's professionalism.  One of the things I really appreciate about her is how she educates me about my hair and gives me tips and tricks to get the results I want when styling at home or keeping my color fresh.  I can't say enough!!! Just go to Foxtail and see for yourself!
5	Jude did an awesome job on my hair!  I came in for a cut, color, deep conditioning, and blow dry style. She was right on time for the appointment so I did not have to wait. Very friendly and welcoming from the beginning. The cut and color turned out great. I was very impressed with the style as well. I have very curly hair and always have trouble getting it to look nice straight. It looked fabulous when I left the salon. She was very willing to work with me on what I wanted. I recommend anyone to go there!
5	Judy and her sister Candace are awesome. It's just the two of them in a small salon with two chairs and one sink, but they are wonderful to have a conversation with and they make you feel welcome. I have curly hair and I'm always nervous when going to a new stylist about the right cut for my hair so it's not poufy, and Judy knew exactly what I was talking about before I finished my sentence. No other hairstylist I have gone to has really understood my concerns on the first go around.I also got my hair colored and she was great about that too. She really listened to me and my concerns about the color and I am so happy with the finished product. I will definitely be coming back here again.*Also, I came in with a groupon. They were totally cool about it and they don't treat you like you're any less important of a customer because of it (whereas some places I have bought groupons for get rude when you mention a groupon).
5	Awesome location and great service! Candace colors my hair and has been styling it since they opened. She's quick and efficient. If I have a last minute need for a quick wash and style, she always fits me in .I highly recommend this salon to anyone who is looking for an experienced stylist. Candace and her sister are both top notch and will make you feel right at home.
5	What to say about Foxtails? You are going to a salon so it's not going to be $8 for someone fresh out of an 8 hour seminar, and what a difference that makes.A great example: I've been getting some haircuts I'd been happy with and recently Jude made a recommendation on a different style when I said I wanted to go shorter than I'd been getting it cut. It was really short, almost shorter than I think we talked about, but now a week later it's coming in really well, just as she assured me. Also, I did some color late last summer and despite the blonding up of my light brown hair, I didn't look like a complete D Bag. Which is fine line to walk when blonding up the hair for the summer.Jude is fun and so is her sister Candy. They were playing some music the other day and when Elliot Smith came on and reminded me of my Ex, since she really is just Somebody That I Used To Know, they kindly changed it.Definitely going to be returning to Foxtails, but probably not for more than a month. The cuts I get grow out really well, better than those Super/Great Haircuts.Hurray!
5	Hair stylists that mesh well with you are hard to find.  And since my former stylist had moved across country, I'd put off finding a new one for some time.  So I suffered with hideous hair, trimming my split ends myself as necessary.Just this week I visited Foxtail for my first time.  I was a bit nervous, but more of an excited nervous because despite all the salons I'd been referred to by friends or read about on Yelp, this was the *only* one that gave me feel-good vibes.Angela did an incredible job with my lack-luster mop.  The choclate-ly color she selected is perfect, it complements my skin and eyes like nothing else has.  She gave me a versatile cut after asking questions on my styling habits/preferences.  I have never been so pleased with my hair!As for the atmosphere, it's tiny and cute, but with lots of windows that open it up.  All 3 stylists are friendly and obviously pros: there's no awkward tension and they seem to all help each other out.
5	I love Judith at Foxtail Salon. I really am not a fan of obligatory chatter when getting my hairs cut, but Judith is interesting, funny, intelligent, warm and friendly, and I enjoyed my time at this salon. All this and she is also great hair stylist. She made my hair super soft, pretty and cute and smell good for a reeeeeeally good price. The salon is easily accessible, small, bright, fashionable, cute and clean. You do have to pay to park though if you park in the lot infront of the salon.  I am moving out of the state soon and sad I can't take Judith with me!
5	So I used to be a V's barber shop guy until I had Angela do my hair at Foxtail Salon.. Let me tell you I was missing out and she stepped my hair game up big time. As a guy you can dress amazing and have a silver tongue but if your hair is off a girls gonna call you out on it. Angela set me straight, and gave me an amazing do. She even had me do a Brazilian Blowout, and let me tell you I was skeptical at first but now my hair is ridiculously tame and I can do whatever I want with it. Not to mention she is easy on the eyes. Thanks Angela for helping me tie everything together! I will always be coming back.
5	Jude and Candace are a team of sister hairstylists who have a little salon in a very upscale suite in Tempe.  They are located on the first floor of nice, new condo/business towers next to Mill Ave & 6th Ave in Tempe.  There was a little misinformation about their address on Google Maps though, so try Yahoo Maps instead.  In fact, just look up "Z Tejas" restaurant and they are directly kitty korner from there.Use the uncovered parking lot right out front as it is cheapest, but park as far West as possible so that your car will be in the shade when you leave if you go in the afternoon.The air conditioning leaves a little bit to be desired, but they don't have control over the a/c for the entire set of suites -- the building management does.  However, they might want to consider getting some kind of rolling portable air conditioning supplement unit for their particular suite.  Then again, we are having a heat wave right now and I've got a lot of hair and I'm having hot flashes, so...Jude is very sweet and is honest and not greedy at all.  She keeps her promises as to prices quoted and doesn't try to upsell you once you are there.  She styled and blow- dried my hair for free, I guess because she didn't happen to have a customer after me this afternoon.  Even without that, her price was quite reasonable compared to other salons.  She could have easily charged a lot more given the upscale address her salon has.I have had my difficulties getting a salon to do my highlights and lowlights correctly without frying my hair.  I am very happy with the results today and my hair is no worse for the wear!  Jude knows color and how to maintain the condition of your hair in the process.  She listens to what you want in color.Jude deserves your business.  She is a wife and mom and business owner and works her tail off (maybe that's why they call it FoxTails).  She has had her challenges in life and those challenges continue, but she keeps a happy demeanor and has tons of energy.Jude is very intelligent and funny and is a great conversationalist.  I have never met a hairdresser who knows so much about natural nutrition and health.  You will get a free education on your health if you listen while she styles your hair.  Not only will you look great when you leave, you will leave armed with some new nutritional, healthy lifestyle, natural living information you can put to use right away to help you look and feel even better!  And she doesn't even charge for the free advice!
5	For real, Angela is amazing. No joke. I've been searching for someone who can do blond well forever and the search is over! She is super cool, and did the best job on my hair!
5	Yep definitely had the same revelation! Friendly staff, moderately priced, nice small salon, and an excellent haircut from Angela. Very very pleased, will def. come back.
5	Ever since I moved to Arizona, my hair has been in a sorry state.  And though I love Manic Panic (the salon back in LA that I've been faithfully going to for close to 3 years), it was time to get with the program and find a new place to haunt.  Being still new to the area, I didn't know how much a cut would usually run, but I'm Asian, so of course I hit the groupons and relied on my fellow yelpers for guidance as to which one to purchase.  Foxtail Salon came highly recommended and for $25, the groupon included a treatment (much needed), cut, and style.  It doesn't get any better than that.  So I called, made an appointment and got really excited waiting for my haircut.The day before, I called to double confirm and unfortunately there was a mix up in communication between me and the salon and my original appointment time was no longer available.  No worries, Angela was a total sweetheart and offered to come in an hour and a half earlier than the salon open time to do my hair.  Now that's customer service.In any case, the location was nice, and the salon was really adorable and cozy.  And not only did Angela walk me through the entire process, she made some really nice suggestions with product (that I need to try out) and I got my groupon deal.  Hair therapy is always nice and I loved the whole package.  The treatment got my hair all nice and soft (very unlike the weed-like state it was in before Angela put her hands on it) and the cut took off all my damaged ends.  The style left me feeling like I was the sexiest mama alive, which is what you want to feel when you leave a salon.  So yes, thank you Foxtail Salon and Angela dearest.  I'll be visiting you again :D!!
5	Great haircut and honored groupon easily
5	Love my haircut and highlights from Jude!I've been looking for a good salon for a while and I think I finally found it. Foxtail is a small salon - 3 chairs - and felt like an old school beauty parlor in a way. Not because they were old fashioned or anything but because everyone talked to everyone, at one point even a friend of theirs stopped in and joined the conversation. I'm used to just talking to my stylist so this was a fun change of pace.And Jude did a great job on my hair. I got a cut and partial highlights. The highlights turned out great, just the right color and it looks very natural. The cut is cute and easy to manage.   I felt like she listened to what I wanted and delivered great results.The only downside is the parking. Parking in downtown Tempe is not great and now that the big surface lot in front is closed the only options are meters or the garage. If you're getting color I would not recommend meters as I was there over two hours - the meter limit. But that's not their fault so I will definitely be going back!
5	Great sisters! Love how they treat hair and their customers. Best hair cut so far. Love the name of the place too!
5	Angela is amazing! She listened to what I wanted, answered all my questions, and even did some extra styling that wasn't included in the package. Great service and quality for the price!
5	So I managed to get my a** to my local Walmart and picked up the recommended shampoo and conditioner which was Loreal Sulphate-Free and depending of course on what you like (me: Smooth and Sleek) you pick out from that line.  Keep in mind, this was a recommendation from Angela, as I had lamented to her about the sorry state of my hair due to the dryness of Arizona weather.Can you say winner, winner?  My hair has never been this manageable, and I have never been this unfrizzy when I wake up in the mornings.  Woohoo!!  Give it a try if you have the same problem as me (transposed and hair-disposed) and I promise you won't regret it... Thanks, Angela dear!!
5	I went in for a cut and an all-over color with Candace, which was a groupon I purchased awhile back.  Oh my gosh she did and absolutely PERFECT job!  I went from very long, scraggly, dry and faded hair to a short sassy bob with bangs and beautiful chocolate brown brunette with a hint of red.  Candace understood exactly what I wanted and did so well with the cut and color.  On top of that she is super friendly and the salon is really cute!  I got to chat with her sister a bit and see her working on a client and I got the impression Jude is just as good.  I've been living groupon-to-groupon for hair services ever since moving here a year ago but this place is so good I'm gonna have to just keep coming here from now on!
5	Candace is great! I live on the central coast in California and refuse to go to any salons here just because she's just that great! She can always get me in on short notice and out within the hour still looking 50x better than I did when I came in. great prices for amazing hair! what more could you ask for? pleasant experience all around and I definitely try to come in every time I'm in town
5	I am incredibly high maintenance about my hair, as in I moved away from my long time stylist (several states away) and still flew home to see her because no one came close. Three moves and a lot of air miles later, I discovered this great little salon in downtown tempe. Not only are the highlights and color amazing, the cut is great and the price appropriate. I've already made my next three appointments
1	Tried calling a few times to set up an appointment and even left a voicemail and text. They never felt the need to answer the phone or call me back.
5	I'm pretty picky about my hair and my stylist. I want a stylist who can both listen and make suggestions. If they can't do that in a way that gives me a consistent cut, I move on. Candace at Foxtail 'gets' my hair. She asks questions to be sure she's doing what I want and I don't have to offer much direction of my own. She makes sure I'm satisfied before I leave. I love both the color and the style, plus she and her sister, Jude, the two owner-operators, make each visit fun. They are both easy to relate to and joke around with, so I feel totally comfortable in their company. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to friends and family. Park in the building's garage and they will validate your ticket to cover the first hour of parking.
5	My old hair stylist left Phoenix last year, and I had bounced around to a few different salons before giving up. With a new job starting, I knew it was time for me to get my hair cut again. I turned to Yelp to try to find a salon in Tempe, and decided to give Foxtail a try! I called and didn't receive a return call, so I texted instead and heard back almost immediately. I went in this morning to see Candace, and found an inexpensive metered spot next door. The salon, on the first floor of the W2 building, is small and intimate. Candace put on some good music (thank you!) and started to rehab my sad, crunchy hair. She was efficient, friendly, and down to earth. I love my haircut and the affordability compared to other salons! I will definitely be back, and will be telling my friends about Foxtail, too.
5	I had my hair done by Jude and I'm in love! I've never left a salon happier than I did after my cut & color with her. The salon is cute and intimate. Jude has a lot of experience and I'm so glad I found my new go-to girl for my hair!
4	Love this salon!I went here my first time as a college student using a Groupon. Candace trimmed, glazed, and styled my hair. She is absolutely amazing. If you ever need a perfect blowout - she's the best around.I highly recommend this place. The salon is located right under the W6 and the prices are affordable.
