5	In comparison to the two other climbing gyms in town (R2C2 and NCC)Pros: *TONS of bouldering routes from V0-Vcan'tbelievehowhardthatis with slab, overhung, really overhung, and upside down. Even when the gym is crowded, there are still plenty of spaces to climb*the routes change regularly*the work out area is a real work out area (running, biking, eliptical, and rowing machines that have plenty of space, kettlebells, dumbells, barbells, pull up bars, etc)*a shower, changing rooms, lockers, shoe cubbies, super clean bathrooms*yoga classes*incredibly professional staff who wear staff shirts and actively monitor the gymCons:*a drink vending machine and snack vending machine, but limited options and cash only*more expensive (Day pass is $17 while RRCC is $15 and NCC is $14. Adult EFT monthly membership is $64 while RRCC and NCC are $50)
5	Clean gym, friendly atmosphere, great routes / problems!I stopped by for a climb while on vacation and I couldn't be happier with the decision. Here are some reasons why you should climb here:Problems / Walls: Beginner - Expert throughout the gym...most gyms reserve the overhangs and slanted walls for more difficult problems, but Refuge has bigger holds throughout the gym so you can still have fun on seemingly difficult problems at only a v2-v3 level.Staff:Justin gave me some beta on a few routes that I would have never figured out and the owner Jeff actually worked one-on-one with me providing advice on climbing technique. The two tremendously helped me advance the way I approach a problem.Gym:In addition to clean holds and new mats, Refuge also has clean bathrooms, water fountains, cubbies, couches, changing rooms, lockers, yoga room, and a complete traditional gym - they have it all.Final Word: I wish this gym was in my neighborhood, my local gym doesn't chalk up! (duh-duhn--tshh)
5	When I first heard there was going to be a new bouldering gym in Las Vegas, my initial thoughts were "cool....not going to be a good place to train, maybe check it out when it rains and the sandstone is soaked."Then I came into the refuge and my mind was thoroughly changed.To call this place a climbing gym is to use a misnomer, it truly is a training facility.  The  offerings of fitness and yoga incorporated with VERY good route setting really helps push this place to what Las Vegas has long needed.Within a week of opening, the number of local hardmen and hardwomen I have seen frequenting this place reinforced what I had already suspected:  This place is awesome.It has a very open feel to it, the walls are quite tall and downclimbing is an essential skill here if you value your knees/ankles.  Staff is fantastic as noted above, and most of the time they are wearing staff shirts.  Most climbing gyms I have been to I haven't been able to tolerate the 'bro' mentality and condescension many of the staff members have, that is absent here.I agree that it is a bummer that vending machines are the only food/drink options other than water here, also would be nice if they sold a few things like chalk and tape...but that is truly nit picking.The owner is very active in the gym as is his manager, and both are very receptive to and often solicit feedback.  Now if only I could get stronger so I could climb some of those V-Thatisreallyfreakinghard problems...
5	We found this through Groupon. It is an awesome brand new place to climb. It's clean and the staff is very nice and helpful. It's mainly bouldering which is a technique of climbing without ropes. They do have one wall that you can use ropes, but this is mainly used for birthday party's so if you want to use ropes you should call ahead. There is also a small place to stretch and work out before you start. If you just want to sit and watch they have 2 huge couches that you can relax on.
