5	I spend a week in Las Vegas every month, and literally live on JJ. Top reasons Why I love Jimmy John1) the crazy blond hair guy who I think is the manager rules with an iron fist, (I think thats how they chop the lettuce)2) inspirational quotes, quirky, yet not over the top. see link http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dc77k565_120gdz7r2hj3) mmm, good food
5	Definitely a goood samich here.....I'd have to say the best COLD samich I had so far in vegas.  Bread is fresh, veggies crisp, meats are tasty, they have cherry peppers a++ for me...luv those things.  Nice atmosphere with interesting reading on the walls.You gotta try this place, I think you will agree that it stomps all over subway.....til next time, good eating!
4	Great sandwiches and FAST service! They're done before you finish paying. I've had the #12 Beach Club a couple of time and it really hits the spot. The only think a bit lacking is the potato chips selection. They have 3-4 choices.
3	Jimmy John's has pretty good sandwiches, but nothing to write home about.  Their sandwiches are large though and the double meat ones will keep you full all day long.  They are super fast and super friendly, but c'mon, NO HONEY MUSTARD???  I know that's a petty thing, but I really need some honey mustard on my sandwiches.  They're chip selection is pretty meh as well.
5	One of the best sandwhich shops in Vegas. This place is clean, fast and great. The bread is almost like a french baguette in texture, crispy on the outside but instead of light in the inside it has a chewy texture like a togo's sandwhich. Ingredients are fresh and the balance of mayo, cheese, meat is perfect. Im a fan!
3	their food is good unlike their service, me and my family won't be returning to that locating again.
4	I love a place where the employees learn what regular customers order. So I love that when I walk into Jimmy John's, the sandwich makers usually know I am going to be getting a #12 Beach Club.Jimmy John's isn't like Subway or Port of Subs where the customer decides exactly what to put on their sandwich. That is ok though, Jimmy John's has a wide variety of sandwiches and you can add things (or leave them off, like I do with the sprouts that come on the #12).The french bread is delicious and all of their veggies are nice and fresh. Apparently this location delivers and has online ordering, I have never used either service though.
3	Jimmy John's is A-Okay. It was my first visit to JJ's. I had an Italian Night Club. It was tasty. I wanted an option for a foot-long but they did not have one. They seemed to be closing early for a Thursday (at 8pm). I would have imagined that like Subway they would be open until 9pm.I felt it was a little pricy for a 6in sandwich. Perhaps because of Subways recently hyped $5-footlong special. Recall JJ's does bill itself as a "Gourment Sandwich"The staff was friendly and patient while i made my sandwich decision.The store was clean and tidy.
2	If you like more bread than meat in your sandwhich than maybe you'll like JJ's.  The sandwhich had big fat bread, but one super thin slice of meat, cheese so thin i couldn't find it or taste it.  The tomato slice was thick, too bad I asked for no tomato and got it anyway.  Black pepper was not available as an ingrediant nor are pickles.  Only a side pickle.  The sandwhich is small and  not worth the money.  If you want a good sandwhich,  go to Port o Subs where they slice and pile all the meat you want and paper thin sliced pickles are yummy.
3	Had Jimmy John's for lunch today for a company lunch.  Something about the bread and the mayonnaise that makes me want to just keep on eating.I sampled the following delicious sandwiches:#2 Big John - Roast beef, lettuce, tomato & mayo.#3 Totally Tuna - Tuna, sprouts, cucumber, lettuce & tomato.#4 Turkey Tom - Turkey breast, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, tomato & mayo.These are very tasty , I especially LOVE alfalfa sprouts!  The only down side is that even after eating lunch, I still feel hungry. :(  I've had Jimmy John's a few times before over the last year and I have come to the same conclusion - still hungry.
5	Friendly service and fast, delicious sandwiches.  Jimmy John's is the standard by which I judge all other sandwich shops.The Country Club ranks high on my list but I've never had anything there I didn't love.  They really do a great job.While a lot of other sandwich shops try to give you what you want with a build your own sandwich setup, or piles of meat, Jimmy John's gives you the sandwich you should have ordered. :-PTop it off with a fun environment that makes it enjoyable to stay and eat and this gets my full five star endorsement.  It beats every other shop in town in at least one or two aspects.Damn.  Now I'm hungry!
4	Excellent sandwich shop, but there are multiple strange flaws that keep it from rising to the top. I don't see any reason why their sandwiches can't be bigger. 2-4 inches mean the difference between fed and unsatisfied. Leaving here feeling like you've really eaten something is quite the challenge, as American portions tend to be on the large side. Here, the standard seems to be more what your body needs versus what it wants. That's super if you're trying to lose weight, but not very cool if you walk in half-starved.Ingredients are fresh and tasty. The bread is good at first, but somehow becomes downright addicting the more of it you consume. I can't put my finger on it, but something about that bread is beyond the norm. Meat and cheese portions feel balanced, if lacking, though vegetables dominate any free space they can fit in to. More meat would make for a better sandwich. For the price, and especially in comparison to similar eateries, you expect more. They aren't outright cheating the customer, but there is certainly a stingy, miserly quality to portions.Service and environment are totally fine. I haven't experienced any problems with the staff and the place is generally quite clean. Lots of crap on the walls to read and the best view of the hospital a person could ask for (they wouldn't). Certainly not a bad spot.If you can get around the moderate portions, the food is solid. Definitely quality over quantity. A small increase in size or fillings would make me a regular for sure. As it stands, I'm only going in there if I need to be tided over until a substantial meal comes along.Oh, and watch out when you take a bite. The mayo they slather on the bread acts as a substantial lubricant.
2	The food is good, but I don't think we'll be coming back. While my boyfriend was eating his vegetarian sandwich, he was horrified to find a chunk of tuna in with it. The worst part is they advertise being vegetarian friendly with a big "We love vegetarians" sign on the wall. If that were the case, you'd think they would put a little more care into keeping meat out of their vegetarian sandwiches. To a vegetarian that's like finding a cockroach in with your meal. ;-) It's a shame because I enjoy their sandwiches. But this is definitely not a vegetarian-friendly establishment.
5	This is my local delivery jimmy johns to my house and to my office. I would like to say they never take more than 15 minutes to deliver. The service is extremely helpful. I have been working all day in my house an starving and they came to my rescue!!! With extras- tip their delivery people and i promise they will be amazing to you. I never have a complaint! Its not the greatest sub in the world- basic but the service will keep me coming back forever.
5	Mother of God: this place is brilliant.Firstly, it's a Jimmy Johns, so the sandwiches are solid. But this is an abnormally good Jimmy Johns. Several reasons:1) The Staff. Today they recognized that I didn't have my son with me like I usually do. They're friendly, but not "corporate drone" friendly. This is good customer service. Also the staff appears relatively happy, which is important for quality food. Also this visit: the guy who made my sandwich (in like 90 seconds) said "I made this the 'wrong' way so it doesn't fall apart when you eat it." He was right. The sandwich was superb (Italian night club with pep).2) Mayonnaise. Present in every Jimmy Johns but bears repeating.3) One time I went in here they were blaring Heavy Metal and I heard that terrible "F" word like seven times. I'm a married banker with a kid, and I don't particularly like Metal, but it's nice to have that "privately owned" feel.4) This place is never busy. And you wouldn't wait long anyways, since this place has handed me my sandwich in the amount of time it took to process my debit card, but still, it's awesome.5) Want to save calories? Not be a giant fat-ass? Well no one does the lettuce wrap like Jimmie Johns. Extra Mayo Unwich for the win. The bad:A lot of the time they just hand you the sandwich if you just get one, and then you forget to grab napkins, and the mayo and pepper juices mix and drips out the back of the Sammich on your pants, but that's your fault. Take some personal responsibility. Also they have sprouts on the menu. They taste like you're licking a tree trunk covered in moss, but I know people who think they're exquisite. Those people are wrong.
4	This Jimmy John's was an oasis in a series of blocks of generic fast food places. I told my friend to make a crazy turn as soon as I saw it.  We ran inside, and I know this sounds silly, but the people who work here were really so nice. I didn't feel like it was cheesy or corporate or whatever. The sandwich, a #5, was impeccably made and delicious!
1	Food was ok, but very rude staff here, never coming back again
4	So, this was my first time trying Jimmy John's. I have been meaning to, but I haven't had a chance until now. I ordered the Vito and got my fella the Porker. I really enjoyed the french bread and look forward to trying the Beach Club with the 7 grain bread. I have a good feeling about that. The toppings are very simple and fresh. There is a good variety of sandwiches to choose form and two types of bread. They also have delivery which I look forward trying out soon.
5	I used to eat at this location quite often at my old job. We received a few hours notice that corporate was going to be by work, and said they were covering lunch for the 35 of us. What options did we have? Given that we were making calls at 7:30am, we ran into bar or fast food as our options. Then the light bulb illuminated my mind and realized we could try Jimmy John's. If they make freaky good food, freaky fast... could they make 35 lunches in a freaky fast time?Why yes, yes they could! We placed our order on line, which went very smoothly, and indicated our desired pick up time a couple hours ahead of time. I went to pick up the food and as I walked in the door, they were literally wrapping up the last box lunch and packing the 4th box of sandwiches up. After paying the staff was very gracious to help carry everything out to the car with me.The food was a hit with everybody at work, so delicious, as always! Can't wait until we have last minute lunch needs again!
1	Methinks not is right! Some sort of catered party tray of sandwiches we got at our office, and one of the half sandwiches I got, which was small enough anyway, contained one very thin slice of meat.  Another one I tried contained a small amount of roast beef.  You'd expect extras of oil, vinegar, etc, but all we got were mostly mustard packets, and a only a few mayo packets for 35 plus half sandwiches.Not sure where the gourmet part comes in, but it sure doesn't for their party platters!!!!  Incredibly disappointing.
4	Underrated. Jimmy John's is a winner. I've had two subs here - the Vito (Italian sub topped with genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce, tomato & Italian vinaigrette) and the Totally Tuna. Both sandwiches feature above-average toppings including vegetables that smell and taste fresh, not like the typical bagged produce flavor that defines places like Subway.The bread is noteworthy - it's hard and crusty on the outside but with a nice soft crumb inside. It's similar to the bread used at Jersey Mike's, only without the corn meal dusting.Best of all, a filling 8" sub (yes, I just typed those words) is only $4.75.Good lunch option when you want something basic and cheap.
3	When they say lighting fast, they literally mean it. It's a cold sub. There isn't too much to dislike about it or even say about it. The veggie sammich is very good.Pickles and chocolate chip cookies are insanely good and addicting.The staff here can leave a little to be desired. However, if the manager is around it is some of the best service ever. Other than that, it's a bunch of teens who don't know the meaning of customer service. They do deliver but only within a mile distance. Why deliver then?
3	You can't go wrong with a Club Lulu w/ cheese - that's been at five stars in my book since I first discovered Jimmy Johns in college (Columbia, MO).This review is specific to the experience I had at this Las Vegas location.I called for delivery, but was shot down by a rude female who said my location was out of their one-mile radius delivery range even though the borderline intersection she mentioned was outside the apartment I was visiting. Despite trying to explain this to her, she would not back down and so I didn't place an order.Going over the options of what to do (e.g. walk or drive), I decided to call back one last time. As I hoped, a different worker answered the phone. Although he did mention that my intersection was the furthest they go for delivery, he heard me out and placed my order. It's because of that fine human being that I got my Club Lulu w/ cheese delivered.
4	"Welcome to the Best part of your Day."That's what the cashier said to me when I walked in. I gave him a half smile as I really thought about what he said and then placed my order. Ordered a #9 and #10 combos, a good solid Italian and roast beef sandwich respectively.Service speed hasn't changed much. It is still as fast and speedy as ever. My sandwich's are always done before I can even fill up both of my drinks. I bag up the sandwiches, chips and put my drinks in the carrier and walk out. As I started to open the door, the same cashier told me to "Have a great day" and gave me a smile. I really started to think about what he said when I first walked in there. "Welcome to the best part of your day."He didn't know I was having a crappy day. That I was at work since 4:30 in the morning, finally getting a break from work at 1 pm even if it was just to drive a pick my president up a sandwich. He didn't know that I was stuck in a 4 hour meeting today. Nor did he know the handful of new policies I had to write and implement once I got back to work.I drove back to work thinking, that man was ALMOST right. The best part of my day is always coming home to my hunny and son but other than that, it was a good part of my day. I am not trying to be too personal but I just need to relate a little and make you feel how important customer service truly is (at least to me). As stated in my previous review about Jimmy Johns, they have a good solid sub. Love their pickles and cookies even more. You can't go wrong with their food. However, this location had lacked in the customer service department. And in a business where customer service is YOUR business, it is a very important detail. And during my last couple of visits, the service has been better but not great but after today, I just had to do an update and upgrade them to a 4.Thank you Jimmy Johns for giving me one part of the best part of my day!
5	The thing that took the longest for me to get my sandwich was deciding which sandwich I wanted! I opted for delivery since I can't leave work. Received the confirmation email and called the store to ask how long my sandwich delivery will take and the very nice girl said "I'll be there in less than ten minutes." My stomach grumbled in happiness knowing that food will soon be on its way. Literally 10 minutes after I received my confirmation email, I received my sandwich. I will definitely be ordering from you guys again.
5	Always stellar service, best sandwich in Vegas!  Prices are unbeatable, well-kept and clean enviroment!
5	It not often come too JJ believe my second time. I have ALWAYS been fan! It toss up between JJ and Capriotti comes too my favorite subs/sandwiches. Too me win win either way you choose!!I order the Italian Night Club. Start with the bread because if the bread no good then forget about it. I love the bread it baked daily just like others but like nice crust too the outside and moist inside. Taste fresh! The freshness starts on outside straight too everything on the inside from the lettuce (other chains simple things lettuce, pickles, or tomatoes not taste as fresh or say pre package toppings), thinly sliced white onions, sliced tomatoes, and different sliced deli meat. Hot peppers and italian dressing, mayo, and all combines too awesome sub! I got bag of chips and soda. The chips its JJ brand. The bag of chips some tasty chips (they have four different flavors) got the barbeque. I love nice crunchy, lot of flavor, and who not like bag of chips with sub? The soda they have fountain so endless if dining in.The restaurant is pretty small only five too six tables. They do have couple outdoor tables also although right now not the best idea. I enjoy the decor. It feeling of small time deli with all the different signs all over the place, even community event board that people put stuff up on, they have music playing inside, and open air very clean restaurant.The service something that deserve five star woot woot! As soon as you walked in got greeted with warm welcome and smile. It small location but talk about fully staff had my order done before sit down got my drink. One of the workers asked about my Mariners baseball cap wearing finishing my lunch. We had a conversation about Seattle the city, baseball, and cool random conversation with one of the workers. Friendly staff and leaving they say thanks for coming and have good one.I always been fan still fan and certain making more stop at JJ! =))))
5	Favorite sandwich shop! Their bread is fresh, soft , and delicious. You can tell all their ingredients are fresh. If you like subway (I'm not a fan) then you will love and appreciate Jimmy John's. Also their chips are great too!! Can't wait to try other sandwiches
5	Fast, fresh, easy. Those are the words that best describe Jimmy John's.  This location is no different. Talking with one of their guys it sounds like they are expanding across the valley. I know I'm hoping for some new locations on the west side!
4	If you weren't looking for this place you'd drive right by and if you are already in the parking lot of the strip mall it is located in you'd never know it was here due to its sort of interior location between buildings.I really like the bread they use...dare I say better than Cap's bread?  Yep, I said it.  I had the Club Tuna, #15 to be exact, and the quality was really good with all of the vegetables being fresh.  The only thing I'd prefer is that the tuna had a bit more flavor...some simple relish would suffice.  Also the drink offerings were not my style...I don't drink soda.  How about some fresh brewed ice-tea like everyone else has?Service was good all around and the place was clean.  The restroom even had soap in the soap dispenser!  One confusing thing to me which I suppose could be a problem on a busy day is when the sandwich is done they just call out its number (i.e. "Number 15")...what happens on a busy day when maybe 3 people have the same order?  A brawl could ensue!All in all it was a good place to grab a quick lunch since I was in the area.  Not sure I'd go out of my way to get here but if and when I'm driving by during lunch I will definitely stop back in to try another sandwich.
5	They are crazy fast! Love the service and the food. Order the unwich. Delish!  Add avocado, oregano, oil and vinegar.  Soooooo good
2	As a long time fam of Jimmy John's I was excited to see a location right across from where I get my nails done. I couldn't wait to get my nails finished so that I could grab a sub to take home. Upon entry the great music hit my ears & I bobbed my head to the beat. The man behind the counter greeted me with a 'hey girl!' & I'm immediately offended. When I do business ANYWHERE I expect to be addressed in a more professional manner. I corrected the man by telling him I'm not 'girl' I'm 'ma'am' to which he became visably annoyed.  He immediately started with the silent treatment & even put my change on the counter instead of in my hand. RUDE. CHILDISH.I ordered the Vito & asked for it minus the onions. The young lady who made the sandwich began to hand the sandwich to me & then pulled it back saying she needed to make it over. Since I was in a hurry to end this unpleasant encounter, I asked what the problem was & she said she had mistakenly put onions on it. I took the sandwich & told her that I would pick them off. Little did I know that the sandwich was MOSTLY onion, very little meat, no cheese, & no dressing making for a very dry & smelly lunch.Before leaving the store, I asked if there was a phone number of a manager or owner. She told me that the unprofessional man who addressed me as 'girl' was the manager. How very sad that he is the example that people who work there follow, as he seems to think that being 'cool' is more important than securing repeat business by being professional & getting orders right.I won't be back for more disrespect & dry bread & onion sandwiches no matter how convenient it is.PS - I want to be clear that I am writing about the location at 5469 S Rainbow. Here in Las Vegas.
4	This will be quick.... kinda like their delivery service.Ordering a sandwich online in under 2 minutes = $5.50.The delivery guy showing up in under 5 minutes = $3.00 tipEnjoying a  quick sub on a hot day without stepping foot outside = priceless!!
5	I ate at most of the sandwich place like Subway, Quiznos, Port of Subs, & Togo. I would say Jimmy Johns is the Best!!!! The bread and meats are again the Best!!!'
2	I have to say that I am not a huge fan of their subs. The subs to me never have any real flavor. Also, they hardly give you any meat and stuff their subs with lettuce. I've eaten at several location, not by choice of course. And I have to say that this location has one girl who works there that is kind of rude. The last time I went I ordered the Vito sub and was told that I can have hot peppers in the sandwich for free but if I wanted them in the side I would need to pay extra, why? And of course to top it off I got home and my sandwich was completely dry. Hardly any mayo, mustard or the Italian dressing. Defiantly will not be going back to this location.
2	The only reason jimmy johns is fast is because they only deliver within a 2 mile radius. I live exactly 2.3 miles away. WHAT A JOKE!!!!!!Subs are good tho.
3	Amazing subs!! I love the Gargantuan...one of my favorite sandwiches. But, it's like a freezer in the restaurant and the service isn't the best. (They say they offer catering, but couldn't give olive oil and vinegar on the side because they had no containers...) turn on the charm and turn off the ac!
1	I love Jimmy Johns, but not this location.  When I arrived a little after 5pm, there was one other customer in the restaurant. It took about 10 minutes to get my sub, and as you may know, that is a very long time for a Jimmy Johns. They also messed up my order and put so much mayo on the sub that the bottom of the bread was slathered. I won't be returning to this location. I recommend the one on Charleston Blvd.
4	Went in yesterday for lunch as I'm exploring new places around work. It wasn't difficult to see from the street, but their location is in an oddly designed plaza. The restaurant was only partly filled, just over half the tables were empty. The two employees behind the counter could tell I had never been in before, and they offered to suggest a sandwich based on the things I liked. I decided to play it safe for the first time out and got an Italian with bacon.I heard their commercials so I knew their bravado for speed, but I was wholly unprepared for them to prove it.  I turned from the register to fill my drink cup, and before I could finish getting ice, my order was ready. The sandwich wasn't bad. The bacon was a bit soggy, but the bread was baguette-like, the meat was fresh, and the lettuce was crispy. Overall, it was a satisfying experience, and one I'm sure I'll have again.
2	Ordered 'The Vito' sandwich was half ass made with no lettuce also, customer service was terrible will never go back!
4	CheapQuickDecentI am a fan of Jimmy John's
4	I'm still on the fence when it comes to JJ's. Sometimes I get a sandwich I really enjoy and other times it is just mediocre. When they are on point it is much better than the other chain sandwich shops that have been around so I keep coming back here. I like the fact that the offer the "Un-Wich," I really like their bread but I do not eat bread that much so this option where the meats are wrapped in lettuce works out perfectly. The staff is always friendly and the order is usually ready once you pay and fill up your drink.
5	This place kicks Subway's ass!!!!!! They are actually fresh! Oh and they even wrapped my Club Lulu (turkey &bacon) in lettuce since I can't have bread ;) Yummy
4	Tucked in a small plaza. The service is fast and employees are welcoming. The only reason I gave then 4 stars is because they do not deliver past jones and tropicana. Great subs and price is not bad
4	Jimmy John's are all over the city, which is great because they are awesome.It took a few orders to figure out my favorite, because there are so many delicious combos!If you are ordering for a gang of people - There website, and even though yelp app makes ordering SO CRAZY EASY!!!! Seriously! When I am in charge of getting lunch at work, this is one of my go-to places, because they rock with the large orders! Even write the names on the sandwiches!! And it is affordable!
4	Let's get real. Work can be crazy hectic. In fact, there are lots of times where I can't even begin to entertain the idea of a sit down lunch. This is where my hero, Jimmy Johns, comes to my rescue. For example, today I'm playing catch up from vacation and I didn't pack my lunch box (silly me). I don't want to go grab something today (today is one of those countless hectic days)- Why you ask?  Most of my time will be gobbled up driving to and fro to fetch something to chow down on. The beauty of Jimmy J is that I can sit in the comfort of my humble cube and order my sandwich with the greatest of ease -- online. You can even save your favorite order to enhance your timesavings. I truly can't think of another spot that is more efficient, tasty, fresh,  and consistent as Jimmy Js. They truly live up to their slogan of "Freaky Fast"- for sure. I placed my order and I had my sandwich and pickle in hand within 15/20mins. The ease of ordering online is great- you can order a sandwich/unwhich (Lettuce Wrap for the low carb/paleo fans) and it comes with everything I want or don't want. They're awesome!Bonus: I order online 9 times out of 10. However, I've visited this location a handful of times and the staff is super outgoing and welcoming everytime. Love this location and will continue to order from here/ visit this location in the future.
3	love JJ's. Probably been to JJ's 100 times in the last 3 yrs. do the math, that's pretty often. Today made me rethink my commitment  to JJ's sandwiches. Ordered a unwich. It was very bad. Wilted & "rusty" lettuce. Tried to swap it for a fresh one & they were very insulted by my request. They asked for the original back which I was happy to return.  I'm fairly certain they swapped out the "insides" to a new piece of lettuce. I just had higher expectations for my favorite sandwich place. They are normally very accommodating. Kind of a bummer.
