3	Busy day, many parties , one cook and the manager also manning the grills. So the timely service wasn't  happening today. That's ok  wasn't in a hurry. But the waitress,  Brandi  ,  rocked and kept those things that could be kept in motion moving.  First I have to go off on the wings. I am  tired of promises of impending immolation  or  later cauterization  of hemorrhoids  only to be served up  "weak sauce" wings  that are  about as challenging as balancing a brick  in the center of a pool table. Wing sauce was  also salty as hell.  Wings are a good size and taste good in their own right just  embarrassing that   news of my suicide turned  out to in error.  In this case  for anyone used to hot thai food suicide really is painless Main course.  Burgers,   Pretty good,  generous on the fries, baked potatoes. Was  good enough   but this is more sustenance than sublime . Partner  had  tenderloin sliders which were pretty  good meat wise, once you found it , but the buns are way too big for the task and you can't  really enjoy it as a burger but   hopefully someone just mismatched the bread types today.  If not this  dish is huge fail. Kid's meal was  great value and HUGE  we  are used to   mini hot dogs and string  fries  . Prices hold with a Chilis / Applebees type  location.   Pleasant enough an the  menu has main sections for pizza, pasta, burgers, steak and wings as the main themes plus  the obligatory salads.  If it wasn't next to Cabelas, an I wasn't ravenous for "anything"  I could miss this place. Not   I really  want to give it 2.5 stars but have rounded it up.
4	For a native new yorker this one is pretty good.  are you looking for a bar to go to after a hockey or football game and don't want to fight the westgate crowd go here.  Prices are similar to most chain restaurants.  Wings are tasty and many different flavors.  Burgers are very good and there is a beer special everyday and not a small beer a big one for 3 bucks cant beat that!.   They have a good wing special on Tuesdays that is just awesome.  I go here for the wings not the best in phoenix but good price and served fresh not dry like some places or over fried.
3	Native New Yorker gets a 3 merely because I really like their wings, other than that I could really do without this place in any sort of eating rotation. Their menu is huge and often leaves you spending time struggling between choices, but there is nothing that spectacular about anything on it. I have tried sandwiches, pizza, pizza puffs, appetizers and all are just OK. It is standard bar fare but without anything special to push it over the edge. The service is hit or miss depending on the day.
5	Giving Native New Yorker 5 stars for one reason.They stepped up and hosted the rally for the Save the Coyotes coalition. Bravo....great job for helping out fans of a valley sports team that is in trouble and needs to stay in the valley. Will patronize them whenever I am in that area....they proudly stepped up for the fans (and did a great job with the crowds) and now I will return the favor. One thing to say to Native New Yorker: THANK YOU!! THANK YOU!! THANK YOU!!!
1	Worst dining experience in 2009 for me.  Where do I start?1.  Sat at a table that had menus and silverware, but was obviously not wiped down.2.  They can't decide who our server is, 5 mins, 6 mins, 7 mins go by... and right at about 10 mins. someone is our server.3.  Menu says Sam Adams on draft.  Turns out, after a long wait, there is no Sam Adams on tap and we order again.4.  Potato chips were delayed because they did not have any pre-made chips.  They arrived with the main meal.5.  Kitchen staff was joking around, girls screaming, almost as if it was a little Spring Break party inside and everyone could hear them.6.  Calzone was ice cold in the middle.  Frozen ricotta cheese?7.  Pizza was burnt on the top.  No, you're not supposed to have those black circular splotches on the cheese.8.  Just a few casual apologies from the teenage waiter for the above.  No manager apology, no "comped" items, nothing.This place seems like it was transplanted from some dopey college campus where every customer is 21 or under and just comes here to get drunk, regardless of food quality, service, and the time it takes to get food.Native New Yorker is a failure.  I regret not taking the other Yelp reviews more seriously, since NNY has a clear trend towards the low end of things, at this location and on Bell.
1	The pizza was ok.... Dinner salad was still defrosting and came after our pizza & deep fried mushrooms... They seemed to be overstaffed with romper room rejects! The mgr should cut staff & maybe pay a dollar or two more an hour to hire people who have reached puberty.
1	I wish there was a way to give 1/2 stars. I visited this afternoon with my husband and son. Drinks at least came quickly. We ordered asiago cheese chips (the only decent part of the meal for me) and the server tried to walk away before my husband could order his suicide wings. ***Side note #1. Someone that finds jalapenos hot, should not be able to comfortably finish a suicide wing. It was hot, but the Heart Attack at Yen Sushi is hotter.Instead of clearing the empty dishes first, she came out with a tray, and rather than coming the extra 3 feet around the table, held my Kummelweck sandwich in my face across the table until I took it.***Side note #2. Holding a bun under tap water and smooching seeds with regular salt on it prior to serving, is not the way to make a Kummelweck bun. I can understand the bottom of the bun being already disintegrated from the beef holding water and spilled Ah Jus when I got the plate, but the top bun should not only not be cold and soggy, my hand shouldn't look covered in wet sand after I put it down. ***Side note #3. Au Jus should not have more grease than broth.I'd requested a salad, which wasn't brought out with dinner. The leaves were slimy, the tomato was rotten and the cheese looked like it had been living there for a few days. My sons sliders meal was ok. At least this time you could see the meat on the sandwich. My husbands burger was ok, but didn't feel so hot afterwords.  The only positive point from this experience was the asiago cheese chips.Lack luster, lazy server, plus substandard food. Definitely won't be back.
1	My son and I were in Phoenix for a couple of days to watch the Yotes and Oilers. We were staying in the area and went into this place on a Sunday evening. What a huge mistake. The waitress was just fine, however, the food was miserable. My son ordered a burger and I ordered a chicken sandwich. My sandwich was burnt on the edges and the curly fries were soggy (for both of us). My son's burger was barely edible and I wish I could say the same for the chicken burger.  It tasted aweful. That was my last meal in this joint.
1	I'm only reviewing the wings.  We've ordered wings from here a few times, because my husband likes them.  The last time we ordered from them, the wings were UNBELIEVABLY SMALL.  They must be trying to save money, but they just lost our business.  When they charge almost $17.00 for 24 wings, they better be a decent size.  Won't go again.
3	Glendale Native seems to want to make a change for the better, new menu, new don't cook it until you order it - but what the heck - no ribs, no steak, no specials on Saturdays? And how can plain home syle potato chips cost the same as the loaded Buffalo Chips? Many waitresses and waiter need to take lessons from Jessica. This place still needs to make major improvements on the front greeting desk - they stil seem clueless many times.
2	We got the hostess look at us funny like she didn't know was going on. So we sat at bar side.  So we sat there for twenty minutes til they took our order, we had three different say hello and said our server will get us soon.It seem like they didn't know where to go or what to do.We didn't know it was wings night. We ask our server if we can get 1/2 legs and 1/2 wings. His answer was the cooks are too busy so they will give us what they wanted.  But he will try and he was right the cook gave us what they wanted. What happen to customers service?
2	The waitress was really nice but not very efficient.  Had the buffalo chips, which i really love. They make their own "chip" and some were really, really burned.  I ordered the chicken wings and they were absolutley dry.  I had to ask for more sauce to put on them.  Makes eating them not as much fun, when you have to correct them.My husband ordered the calzone and he was not impressed.
3	I am going to give thumbs up for the service here and  a resounding "meh" on the food for this Native New Yorker location.Most of the credit is due to the wait staff for finding space for our group of about 30 on a Sunday night when the NBA finals were on. Service was by no means perfect, but again, credit where credit is due. This was a fairly picky group and I did not hear many complaints about the service. The server split up the checks according to our requests and made sure we knew that the gratuity was included on each of our bills due to the large party. Some servers will conveniently leave out that factNow on to the critique of the food. This is based solely on the food I tasted or the food for my family on my own check.Wings: supposedly they are famous for this, but the best comment I heard was "they are better than Applebees"... not such a ringing endorsement. I tried a couple and thought they were small and dry.I had the Reuben. It was standard fare and nothing more. Not memorable. Wife had a salad, which she said was OK. My daughters both had the Fettuccine Alfredo, which is what they order whenever possible. They said it was OK but the chicken was dry.I will give them props for the service. I don't think I will be in a huge hurry to go back for the food.
3	Stayed at the Hotel across the street so went here to get some beer and wings. Not bad but not to great either, the service was slow in getting back to the table to see if we needed anything else and was even slower when we kept ordering another round of beers. Seemed like the waiter kept dissapearing when you needed him to be around.
3	Stuff your face here with 39 cent wings on Tuesday/Thursday, and you'll never be disappointed. I like the hot, strawberry hot, and oriental garlic. I get 6 of each (you can order by the wing. Tell me that's not awesome.) washed down with a Coors Light for $10 (not including tip). I go home full and happy. Also, a good place to watch sports.I guess you can order other stuff, too. The pizza isn't something I'd travel here for, and well, nothing else is. Whatever, just come for the wings and you'll leave happy.
4	I haven't bothered visiting this location for about a year because of crap service and food. Gave it a shot the other night and they have really stepped their game up! The server was very nice and well trained, the chicken sandwich was very tasty! Kudos for turning things around and hopefully they will keep it up!
3	The drinks are good but the service could use some polishing.
4	Mmmmmmmmm...margarita on the rocks...mmmmmmmmmm!  Went in here for HH one Friday night and ordered a regular margarita on the rocks and loved every sippage second of it!  On this particular visit I ordered the wedge salad and thought it was pretty tasty too.  Did I mention that their margarita was really good?  It def was not out of a machine (Macayos...ahem!).
1	Gag gag GAG!!!I am staying at the Residence Inn in Glendale and they offer room service that comes from Native New Yorker. I ordered the BBQ chicken burger with steak fries, and a chocolate cheesecake. Disgusting.It took about 35 minutes for the food to arrive (not bad). The food that I received was awful. The menu says (I have it in front of me lol): "Topped with our BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese, signature onion strings and leaf lettuce."The chicken tasted pretty good. The lettuce was wilted, the onions were greasy and gross, and there was NOOOO cheese!! Cheese is everything! GAH! Cheesecake....with whipped cream?? The whipped cream was ALL melted when it was delivered! EW. OBVIOUSLY it was going to melt on the way to the hotel, right? So why put it on there? The menu says NOTHING about whipped cream, either. The chocolate tasted like plain ol Hersey's. Definitely will not be eating there again, room service or dine in.
2	Ordered take out wings as the place was suggested by a friend.  The wings were disappointing.  They were soggy and the taste was very generic.  Nothing special at all.
2	Wasn't a huge fan.   We went here on the first night of our excursion to see our Eagles get plucked by the Cardinals last weekend.  My brother wanted to watch the UFC fights and found out this place gets the PPVs.   We each paid a $5 cover charge which didnt seem too bad and sat on the patio as the inside was packed.It was very hot out and their misting system was a little shaky all night.   When they finally got it turned on after a short while, mist (well, we all hope it was mist) came out pouring over all of us and our drinks.  My dad questioned whether it was mist or dust as the system seemed somewhat antiquated.  A short period of time later the system started emanating HEAT from it, which was about the last thing any of us needed, like running up to someone who was drowning and throwing a brick at them for good measure.  My brother ended up climbing up and disconnecting the heat plug under supervision of another employee, which the possibilities caused me to have flashbacks to my Business Law college courses.I ordered a club sandwich with no cheese since I didn't want to start my vacation on an upset stomach.  Upon the delivery the waitress repeated the order as she handed me my plate of food "One club sandwich with no cheese"    30 seconds later I was picking cheese off of each and every quarter of it.   Even more annoying, sometimes I'd peel of the cheese and have to HUNT for the meat.   I kid you not, one of them had maybe half of an average SLICE of turkey on it.  THAT'S IT.   So there was bread, lettuce, tomato, unwanted cheese, and half a slice of turkey.   If you've seen me you know I don't look like Fiona Apple, so I'd like more than 2-3 slices of meat TOTAL on my sandwich please.  The fries were okay (I substituted the steak fries for curly), but nothing you can't get elsewhere.The only saving grace for the experience was the waitress who was extremely friendly, efficient, and refilled the drinks constantly.  Prices were average unless you consider that club sandwich probably had $.75 worth of fixings, and I'm certain it cost more than that.1 star for the food, bumped up to a 2 for the service.
2	Used to love this place and it's typically a stop for us when we visit Phoenix, but it's really gone downhill in the last few years. The service was pretty poor, there was an obvious lack of management, and the quality of food was below average.
1	Before you waste your time and money going here, give heed to my warnings and learn from my mistakes!First of all, their Chickens must be on a diet.  Compared to Buffalo Wild Wings, they are about a half of the size and you need to purchase a drink at NNY in order to get the 49-cent traditional wing special price on Tuesdays & Thursdays.As if that's not enough, my 22oz lukewarm beer was brought to me in a room-temperature glass with a curly black hair on the sipping rim.  My wife was given carbonated water without syrup when she ordered a Sprite.  As pleasant as these drinks sound, they arrived over 10 minutes after we were seated.  Maybe the delay accounts for the strategic placement of the hair between the bartender's quick restroom break and the delivery of another beer?  Perhaps not, but it sure looked like a pubic hair!As for the flavor of the wings, be prepared to be unsatisfied (especially if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings).  For instance, the Strawberry Hot wings taste like they are marinated in IHOP strawberry syrup and the Mandarin Orange wings taste like they are as plain as can be.As a side note, I've also tried to come here before with a group of friends for Karaoke on Saturday night, only to be told that the Karaoke equipment wasn't working.I'm sure there's more, but that's probably enough for you to get the picture.  If you are staying at the nearby hotels or if you are looking for something in the area, just go straight to the Yardhouse at Westgate for an unforgettable Happy Hour!Update: I've been here a few more times for cheap beers and/ or their lousy wings.  Buffalo Wild Wings is now open at Westgate and is a much better option for wings (especially on Tuesday and Thursdays for 60 cent specials).
1	Not sure what the big deal is about their wings. They aren't that good and most of them are sorta dry. I think they cook them too long or something. I've tried this place 3 times and still very inconsistent with all the wings when you eat them Cool that you can get all these different flavors but wish the meat would be more moist. Service wasn't bad at all so atleast they have that. Also they have the UFC fight be they charge a admission which is kind of stupid IMO. And you have to spend a certain amount during the fight. Wtf is that, this place is cheap as hellI won't be back and I go to a real bar to watch the fights without having to pay.
1	Horrible customer service at the bar. Took me 20 minutes to get a beer and the bar area was not busy. The bartenders are just morons. Michelle is not too bright. DO NOT ORDER from her unless you want a ton of mistakes. The other bartender wasn't any better. She is the one I had to wait 20 mins to get my first drinkl...Damn!
1	This place is awful. Our take out order took over an hour and a half. When we finally received it, the toppings were wrong on our pizza and they messed up our salad order.
2	I live in the apartments across from here so I can't help but come here when I am craving wings, it's so convenient! But I'm not going to sugar coat it...the service is horrible.On more than one occasion I see servers standing around talking or huddling in a corner, not checking on customers, or looking like they would rather not be there (and I'm sure they don't) but that attitude reads all over your face and body language and really turns customers off...killing the entire experience. Now when I crave wings I just order to-go and skip the drama.
1	We went here to grab a burger and a beer.... Service was non existent and when the bartender did greet us she acted as if she was doing us a favor.    We went about 9:30pm this passed friday.
3	We stopped in to play a few games of buzztime trivia but they had connectivity issues which no one has been able to solve.  So, we had a drink and shared some chicken tenders.  Hubby had Asian Garlic and I had the Asiago Parmesan.  Also got some curly fries - watch out blood here comes the cholesterol.  The tenders had too much breading for my taste but the sauces were both tasty.  Also the french fries had a little bit of an off taste like maybe the oil was a bit old?The staff there is amazingly friendly and top notch.  We'll be back to try something else on the menu and hopefully play some trivia.
4	We came here with 35+ of our other friends to celebrate a birthday.  We made a reservation and we were giving an area near the bar.  Since we had little kids and celebration a 17th bday, we requested to be moved to the outside.  They heated up the patio and moved tables around for us.  It was nice that the servers lined up tables inside on the window so our food will keep warm.  The 2 servers did a wonderful job keeping our drinks filled and checking on us.  The pizza and wings were good!!!  It was fun, food was good, and service was nice.
1	This was literally the worst restaurant I have ever been to. And I've been to Denny's. I'm only giving it one star because I can't give it zero. If you need more reasons not to go other than my word, my friend's 9 dollar calzone was so disgusting that she didn't eat more than 1/4 of it, and when she told the waiter, Dan, that she didn't want it, he took it away and still charged for it. Thanks, chode. It took 15 minutes for anyone to even take our order, all our food was borderline inedible, and I left with a stomach ache and the worst case of the farts for the rest of the night.
2	I will give two stars because server was cool.  Food, not great.  Sliders I had were so hard that I couldnt even chew on them.  Meat inside was dry, and texture was bad.  Also the wings were not even close to be what they should be.  Few of them were cold and mushy.  Not impressed at all.
4	My hotel was horribly located and had no amenities (Spring Hill) so the only room service was a delivery from this place.  I held off ordering but on the 3rd day in town I broke down (I don't like ordering off site- unless it's pizza).I ordered boneless wings and a rack of ribs (lunch and dinner).  I declined paying extra for a salad when asked.  The food arrived very promptly, even though I ordered during the lunch hour, and the young woman who brought it had a BIG smile...not a perturbed look like most delivery persons! The ribs didn't have the sauce on them, which I like but I know some people don't.  The sides were very minimal (I counted 11 steak fries)!  I should have ordered the salad.  The wings were their "hot" flavor but barely had spice to them.  I would say it was a mild sauce (I usually order medium). All of the food was barely warm on arrival. Finally, they were kind enough to give me plenty of plasticware and condiments.Improvements: simplify your LARGE menu, offer sauce on the side for wings, and use foil in to go orders.
2	The first time I went here they totally spaced my order - something about a broken printer.  Good news is they gave me free meal coupons (had to come back - no instant comp).  The bad news was that I went back.  Me and my buddy both ordered beef dishes and we were both praying to the porcelain god that night.  I didn't give it one star because I actually liked the place the first time I went.
2	I came here with a buddy of mine around 6:00 in the evening on a Wednesday. Against my wishes, we sat in the dining area instead of the bar. The booth - WAY TO SMALL. I'm a skinny guy - 6' tall 165ish. I had to sit "side saddle" to feel somewhat comfortable. For those who don't know what that means, I had to sit SIDEWAYS with my legs on the seat, and my feet hanging off the end. The atmosphere was devoid of life, and completely drained of energy. There were two other tables seated in the section. The waitress had no idea what beers they offered, and had to read off a list. She also had no clue if they offered any season selections that might of had fruit flavoring of any kind.When she came back from "investigating", she said they offered a hard apple cider. I ordered one along with an Italian beef. I've worked for a NNY in the past, and thought it to be a safe bet - bread, meat, cheese, au jus, fries. The sandwich could of been taken out of the salamander sooner, as the top had some burning to it.My friend had boneless wings - I'm not even going to waste time talking about deep fried, frozen commercial "meat chunks". I don't go out to eat very often, but I do work as a chef. In aware of the difference between a horrible-great place is; I've worked for all in-between.I knew I was in for low quality food, but for as DEAD as it was, I'd expected to see them at the top of their game.This was mediocre at best.At least the hard apple cider was good.
1	Sat inside the bar area. It took 45 minutes to get my food. The bar only had 1 server working. Wow! couldn't believe that 1 server for the whole bar. I cannot recommend this place ever. Read all the other reviews and you will change your mind. I won't ever be coming back
1	My brother and I went here to attend a going away get together for one of our coworkers. We sat at the table for ten minutes before any of the waiters recognized us and when he did show up, he ignored  us and claimed to have not seen us even though he stared straight at my brother and I. After all that was figured out we each ordered a glass of ice water and a 2 orders of wings. 1/2 pound BBQ boneless and 1/2 pound hot boneless. What did I end up paying for 2 waters, 5 tasteless hot wings, and 6 cold BBQ wings? I paid almost $30. When I asked why is was so high the waiter simply said to pay it and he'd explain afterword. He also gave HIMSELF a rather generous tip on top of the already ridiculous bill.  I will not be going here again and neither will any of my family members.
1	It's been 5 months since I've returned and in that time they changed the menu. The waiter told us they went away with the curly fries, the steak fries, and now have downgraded to skinny little nothing fries. I guess I shouldn't be surprised by this place cutting corners. Maybe I's because when I do come here i'm optimistic that "maybe this time will be different!" Unfortunately I keep getting let down. It's the little things...
2	1 pound Boneless wings are not a great value.  Felt ripped off.  Service was fine, but pricey for what you get.
1	I decided to stop here because the Tempe location is great. Glendale...not so great! The soda was watered down and the wings were so basic. Something I could've heated up from a Tyson bag. Not only that but the 1/2lb  or 1lb deal is expensive for what they give. Kinda disappointed that this place sucked because Tempe is better.
5	Great atmosphere and food! Drinks come in big glasses and all the food was excellent with lots of TVs to watch every game. A big step up from BWWs. Erin was our server on football Sunday and was very attentive and pleasant. We definitely will be coming back!!
1	The service was way below average!  We had a large party but we should not have to get our own menus and flag down a bus boy to get the waitress to take our drink orders 15 min after being seated. Requests for condiments,  drink refills, and napkins for a spilled beer the waitress mishandled were repeatedly requested. The cherry on top, was when one of our party members asked if the tip was already added to all our tickets to clarify the 18% gratuity and the waitress tried to tell her the gratuity is not the tip and she can add the tip as well. I asked for a manager and the manager came over with attitude to state, "I hear someone is upset about the gratuity.." This place has the worst service, and staff I have ever encountered!  They were completely insulting to all of us that have worked in the service industry!
1	We were very disappointed in the service and help.. Had to find our own menus, find a waitress to come take our order.  Spilled our drink but didn't wipe up and we had to ask for napkins to wipe it up.  Asked for sugar for ice tea, didn't come until after food was delivered.  Server and manager had a bad attitude.  Will not return there when there are so many other places that offer better service.
2	I have been there three times over the last month, and I am not impressed. Marginal service, cold food, quail wings, and not the quality of the past. This is a new change, I have been there in the past and it wasn't bad. I have been frequenting Native since 1986,  the original in Tempe and this franchise I will not be returning.
1	This place USED to have good service (Julius was awesome) and some tasty inexpensive wings but their prices have gone up, especially on the wings (BRING BACK .39c WINGS?). The last time I was in the place was nearly empty and the waitress wouldn't give us the time of day so my friend and I sat ourselves and waited and waited...and waited. The only reason we stuck around was because my friend is a borderline alcoholic and loves their de-railers so I was forced to stick around. The wings are now small, dry, 89 cent sad-excuse-for-wings.My buddy and I used to make it a Tuesday and Thursday night tradition to get .39 cent wings but now, even if they did bring back the special, they're wings flat out suck. Did I mention the SMALL proportions compared to say a year or so ago?They've recently erected a Buffalo Wild Wings next to the Cards stadium across the street which we tried after our last visit here was a flop. We happened to go on a lucky night because on certain days they offer HALF-OFF wings...boneless one night and traditional is half off another night.I have to say YUM...we are now frequenters of Buffalo Wild Wings. So long Native New Yorker. I'm don't think changing your name like you did recently will help the poor poor customer service, price hikes and decline in food quality.
1	Came in here before and wasn't greeted by anyone. Felt like a morgue. I've been to the native in Tempe and enjoyed it, this one not so much. After no hostess or server came around for a few minutes we ended up walking out the door. Oh well guess I'll stick to the Tempe location.
1	Terrible.  Slow slow slow service and ordinary food.  The bone in wings have little meat... The boneless ones are the better route here.  My wife described her hamburger as "lacking taste" and my mother in law scraped the filling off her lettuce wraps and threw out the lettuce.  We allowed the kids to order desserts but it took 22 minutes to arrive.  Ridiculous.  Waiter kept saying that they were on the way.  Not sure why we keep coming back every year.... Won't make that mistake again.
5	Why is everyone bashing this place??!! We got seated right away in the lounge (self seating sports bar area) no age limit. The service was great. The waiter was prompt fast and polite. We got our food quick. The wings here were fall off the bone amazing. I got mild and honey barbecue. And my girlfriend got fish and chips. Give this place a try. You won't regret it! Great food great atmosphere. Don't listen to 3 month old picky eater reviews. Bunch of damn whiners.
2	Been here a couple of time and each time has been progressively worst. I would liken it to the same price point as Applebee's but not even the same quality of taste. The biggest draw I would say is the UFC PPV that are worth the trip with their wings which are probably one of their only saving graces.  Even on that note it would only be an idea if BWW was to packed.
1	There are a few times when customer service should be the only thing that matters...had a large party.. waited through five return trips from the server to simply receive a soda refill.. when confronted told my bill was $3.. horrible customer service.. even manager on duty gave excuses.. this was my first and last visit.. just completely disgusted with how they treated me as a customer.. didnt try food but sure it would have been just as bad..
3	I would have to say that overall, it was just OK. I got the fish and fries. The fish was really oily, and the longer it set on my plate the soggier it got. The twisted potato appetizer was really good. My husband ordered some chicken wings with the buffalo sauce. For 79 cents apiece, they were really small chicken wings. My husband made a comment that they must be from cornish hens. Our meal total with drinks was $33. The service was good.
1	This place totally sucks when it comes to customer service.  Went there with a buddy tonight for dinner at 10:25pm...working late.  After we were sat down the server told us that they we're only serving wings and appetizers.  Ok, so we ordered our drinks.  When she brought our drinks she then told us that we can only order fried items and no flat breads.  Mind you, they say they are open until 11pm.  If you don't want to cook after 10pm then close at 10pm.  I was pissed!!!  Went to Native Grill but couldn't order anything from the grill.  Just doesn't make sense.  We just left!!!  I do not recommend this place at all!!!
1	Was suggested by my hotel; was told it would be the quickest option.  57 minutes later, I had a cold pizza, in the wrong size and a warm salad.  I had specifically ordered the 14" pizza so I would have leftovers for the next day.  Thankfully, it was the smaller size since it had sat in the box for a very long time before delivered; as it was soggy. The Greek salad at $10 was extremely overpriced for the size that arrived.  The flatbread served with the salad was hard and stale.
2	For starters I need to preface this review with the fact that there was a sports tv show filming when I arrived so the place was full. Let's start with service or let's say lack of service. Disappointing to say the least. I ordered wings and so did my wife. Very average like everything else. Felt like a dinning room at an old age home with TVs. All in all, not going back, but there are a lot of good reviews on this place, so maybe I just was unfortunate.
3	Service was good, attentive and pleasantly polite.  Wings were so so and the sliders were decent.
4	Garbage pizza was great, as always. My kids also liked the wings. Appetizer didn't arrive until after our dinner, but they did not charge us for it, which was appropriate. Salad a disappointment, but all other food items very good. Our server, Mariana, was excellent. She had a kind disposition and checked with us often enough without being intrusive.  She kept our drinks filled throughout the evening.
2	I agree with the rating as far as the bbq pork flat bread, where's the pork????? Service wasn't badbut wasn't the friendliest! Not that busy had no host at the door but not long wait. But just a very indifferent feel to the place. Glad it's all the way on the other side of Phx from where I live! Only will return with a group if I cannot convince them to go else where!
1	Very disappointed!  Went for the advertised Sunday wing special price deal only to be told it was a dine in price only. That detail is not mentioned any where. The girl in there told me there was no way to enter that in the computer as a take out order. I need to mention that there was only a few cars outside, the place was basically empty. Needless to say I will not be going there again. Doesn't even deserve the one star but it wouldn't let me post without a star rating!
4	Wow!  After reading all the reviews, I'm not sure we went to the right place.  We arrived pretty late on Saturday night, the parking lot wasn't too crowded.  There was a sign at the desk to walk around and seat yourself...so we did.  They only had seating in the bar area, but there were plenty of tables available.  We sat, and within seconds, we were handed menus and gave our drink order.Our server was Jeanette, who was very friendly and helpful.  We hadn't been here before, so she gave us the rundown on everything.  We couldn't decide which app to go with, and she suggested the potato skins.  So glad she did, because they were really good.We decided to get 20 honey BBQ traditional wings.  They were well-sauced and meaty.  I got the bleu cheese and hubby got the ranch.  We totally enjoyed them, and finished them off!Jeanette was quick on refills of our iced teas, and brought over extra napkins for us.Hubby took a look at the desserts (it's always dangerous when he does), so we ended up sharing the chocolate bundt cake.  OMG!  It was warm and moist, with hot chocolate sauce all over it...soooo good!All in all, we really enjoyed ourselves!  We'll definitely be coming back again.
1	THEY COULD CARE LESS!!!Decided to try them for lunch.  We arrived at their front door at 1105am.  Doors were locked.  Sign said they opened at 11am.  We rattled the doors and NOTHING.  NADA.  Completely ignored.  We waited a few seconds.  AGAIN NOTHING.  Simple.  We left.  I decided to call their corporate 480 number.  Nothing but one voice mail after another.  Left a message... AGAIN NOTHING.  They did not bother to return my call.  These guys are CRAP and could care less about customers.  Fear not.  LOTS of great restaurants a couple of blocks south in Westgate.  Too bad one star is the worst rating.
1	Service is crap. They are rude and don't really care when you get your food or how long it takes for you to be seated.  The hosted was rude and I would never go back there!!!
