3	I come here every so often when I want to get away from the office. Troon is nearby and I enjoy driving in the foothills of the Pinnacle Peak area.  The pizza is not bad and they have Vienna Beef hot dogs if you're in a Chicago frame of mind. Fyi, Rosati's is an Illinois based pizza chain.
4	Great location. Good pizza. Good cheesy bread and boasted chicken.
4	Pizza is good but a bit pricey.  Great for quick takeout.  Wouldn't recommend dining in.  One of the few pizza places you can get green olives on your pizza.
4	They have gluten free pizza!! And the staff are great and it's very tasty!
1	I like Italian cuisine. I also like a good date night. This visit was so underwhelming that I will now rate the Olive Garden chain as fine Italian dining at its very, very best. We were here on a early weekday night with a very light crowd. Unfortunately, we did not order pizza. We had the restaurant.com certificate and thought we would try the pasta entrees. My date had shrimp fettuccine alfredo and I ordered a sort of baked ziti with sausage - the sausage was served separately!?! The shrimp was in actuality salad shrimp. It looked like noodles with pieces of pink lucky charms in them with a taste of noodles with a nondescript presence of fish. The pasta with sausage tasted like it was just made, thawed out and served by the school cafeteria. It gave me the feeling that someone did scoop out something and plopped it on my plate as a carried the tray to the cashier. I should've had a bowl of tapioca or something on the side! The was one step better in that we were able to eat without someone yelling food fight! Nice small place. You could pass it without seeing it in this area. No big signage. The toilet in the woman's room did not work properly. The restaurant.com certificate was blamed for a miscalculated bill. The pizza may be authentic but certainly not the pastas. My date and I are still together but this would be an ideal place to go if you wanted to break up.
4	Great service. Friendly staff.  Had the white pizza and it was most yummy!  We will be happy to return!
3	Pizza is ok for a quick bite but the service is very slow.
4	I bought 3 Groupons for this place and took the family here on several visits.  Here are some of the menu items we ordered:Chicken Wings, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=uXCKrisM1Vqcg1a5w7kGtQ#uXCKrisM1Vqcg1a5w7kGtQGarlic Cheese Bread, $3.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=33lpUwpjo3k0jaoiZcNLhw#33lpUwpjo3k0jaoiZcNLhwDouble Dough Pizza, $17.85http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=weJ1ixAXmQKOjOOuewBwcQ#weJ1ixAXmQKOjOOuewBwcQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=4pbanx3TwID22I8rZ8-b8A#4pbanx3TwID22I8rZ8-b8Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=fohsiTE8O96NDIkRoQ_8LA#fohsiTE8O96NDIkRoQ_8LAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=mQwuZtnqjGeFv7_WMljQzg#mQwuZtnqjGeFv7_WMljQzgThin Crust Pizza, $18.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=gvuauVRCr_Vh4-OSYTRq8A#gvuauVRCr_Vh4-OSYTRq8Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=LGQ1IzFFUuF40_zzEv95xg#LGQ1IzFFUuF40_zzEv95xgBreaded Mushrooms, $5.95Mozzarella Cheese Sticks, $6.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=QRQkkXUPr3oPQ5S1G3NtvQ#QRQkkXUPr3oPQ5S1G3NtvQTiramisu, $3.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=KoGLjma1iQXgJvJT5vUpFA#KoGLjma1iQXgJvJT5vUpFAWe enjoyed both the Double Dough and Thin Crust Pizzas.  They each have slightly different flavors and textures.  I didn't care for the Chicken Wings.  They douse it in Buffalo Sauce here....it's not "baked" into the Wing, so it's more like a dipping Sauce.  I prefer it the other way.The Fries, Breaded Mushrooms, and Mozzarella Sticks are so/so.The Garlic Cheese Bread is awesome.  I could easily order 2 of those and a bottle of Wine and I'd be good to go.The service here is hit & miss.  It's a young group of servers and they haven't quite learned real customer service yet.  However, not much you can expect from a chain pizza joint.It's too far out of the way for us to come here on a regular basis.  If I'm paying full price, there are other Rosati locations closer to our home.  However, if there's another Groupon with 50% off, it will be worth the drive.Return Factor - 50%
5	Pizza and wings are great. Service is good. Nice selection of beer and wine. Deep dish pizzas take a while but they are supposed to.
2	Pizza is good but service was SLOW! Rather expensive.
3	I'm a bit of a Italian food snob. But then again I did live in NYC for over 22 years. I know that I'll never find food as amazing as I did back home, but I was hoping for good things from Rosati's after friends of mine Oohed and Ahhed about them. Sadly I found their food mediocre at best. The lasagna was too garlicky and loaded with too many spices; as if they know their food is lacking in some areas. Their garlic bread sticks were a little hard and stale. Their staff was friendly and courteous and their prices aren't too outrageous. Sadly I won't be returning.
3	It's ok. It's always noisy when I go there.  The wine by the glass is limited, and one of the two Chianties they serve is below average. Beer selection is fine. Service can be a little slow, so don't if in a hurry.  I've had a few of the non pizza dishes and I'm not really sure how to describe them except for not much sauce and piled high with a mystery meat. Stick to the pizza.
4	A good place for pizza.  The pies aren't too greasy and the lunch special I a great deal in this area of scottsdale...normally devoid of value-conscience lunch shoppers.  The sausage pizza is particularly good, with a nice balance of sausage and cheese.
2	Descent food, nothing to special or great about it... Had a "lunch special" sign out front for 1 or 2 slices of pizza and soda for 4.50$ or 6.50$ but once inside she said they had no individual slices , just whole pizzas. Ok, so maybe bring the sign in ?????? I'm not a cheapskate but 16.95 for a 12" pepperoni pizza is pricey. If I'm gonna pay that much I'm gonna go to a REAL Italian fine dinning restaurant. Friendly but SLOW service as well.
5	We live in the neighborhood and get take out from Rosati's weekly and consider it a treat! The thin crust pizza is always crisp and the sauce is fantastic!  We also love the hot Italian Beef and Meatball Subs. We don't expect anything more than a great pizza place. Service may be slow but it's worth the wait!  All good things take time. If I want fast food, I'll hit a drive-thru!
5	I loovvvvve this Rosatis! By far the best in the valley! Great food and service! Lots of drink selections and I love the double dough pizza! The salads are also spectacular! I always get the chicken Caesar salad! Mmmmmm
2	The pizza is excellent... The service is not. We were greeted right away, but drinks took literally 12 minutes before they arrived and we were the only table in the whole restaurant. When I did make eye contact with a waitress, she must have felt bad and realized she'd forgotten us, and said she had to go in the back to get some drinks. Then they came out right away.The pizza took as long as we expected it to, probably about 25 minutes, but once it did arrive she never checked to make sure we had everything we needed or that it was okay. At the end of the meal, I had to ask a different waitress for a box and our check.Service aside, the food is excellent. The pizza is fresh, crispy crust was delicious, and next time we will know just to get a pizza to go rather than sit in the restaurant itself.
3	Food was great, we had buffalo wings, chicken tenders, a large deep dish pizza and a couple orders of ravioli. Service was not so great. VERY SLOW. We weren't sure if this was a self seating restaurant and the busser just walked passed us avoiding eye contact, so we sat down. Server greeted us right away but then drinks took about 15 min and they were only waters and iced tea. Food took as long as expected, 40 min wait for a deep dish (extra baking time we were warned about when ordered). However, once we were done eating our server didn't come back from behind the bar, she turned off the open sign 7 min before 9pm which is their closing time, which required her to pass our table and she never stopped to check if we were ready for boxes or dessert. The busser that ignored us earlier suddenly started to help us, offered us boxes and then we Waited for the bill, we waited for them to pick up the bill, we waited for it to be processed. Service was just too slow.
2	The food is quality but the staff is either UN - trained or incompetent. They seem to consistently forget items in delivery orders, which has resulted on multiple occasions in a ruined dinner. For example, how do u eat fried zucchini and mushrooms without ranch dressing?? This should be a crime! And, even when we called back requesting ranch dressing (this in addition to some missing salads), they still forgot the ranch! Makes you feel a little taken advantage of to pay (and tip people) for services and items that you never receive.  The owner is never around, the staff are clueless without him, and no one seems to care about you as a customer or your money!!!2 stars, but ONLY because of the service
3	The service was very good. The waitress was attentive. The Caesar salad was very good, and the kitchen split the salad 3 ways for the party. The pizza sauce and cheese were good, however, the crust on the thin crust pizza was ok. After living near Chicago for 8 years, I have grown to appreciate good crust found in some of the non-chain family pizza restaurants. The crust was a little thicker and harder than I like it. We did leave without any leftovers.
5	Best fried chicken I have ever eaten!  Service is a bit unreliable but the chicken makes up for the service.
5	Great lunch specials!
2	Foods alright, not impressed by there pizza but not much else for a quick bite on this corner except the market next door.  Honestly there roller pizzas might be better at this time of the day.  The man that served my order was pretty rude also.  I kind of felt he was like hurry up and get out of here!  But it's a beautiful day and I'm enjoying the outside tables!  Probably why I gave this experience 2 stars instead of 1!
1	Mediocre pizza. Slooooow! Never in my life have I seen a slower pizza place. Unfortunately I bought several Groupon's and I'm considering not even using the rest. We have come in here when there are literally 2 people in the whole place, and the quickest we ever got our pizza was 1 1/2 hours. Really? Pizzas don't cook that long, and we order the thin crust, not deep dish. I think they take care of the carry-outs first but really, an hour and a half? We even waited over two hours one time. Even with a Groupon this pizza is way over priced. And it isn't even that good. The only reason that I got the Groupons is that we purchased a carry-out pizza years ago and recalled it being decent. This place is history for us.
