5	I have on occasion brushed up my tennis skills at this club and have also had my daughter enrolled in their tennis camps. The tennis lessons can range from beginner to advanced, group sessions and private. Although we have only used this club for tennis lessons I liked that there was a lot of space on the grounds - 16 night lit courts!!! And those courts have seen some love!!I have really enjoyed their array of Junior Programs available for my daughter - and all of their choices for summer sessions - and they make up for the fact that its around 115 degrees out there!! Its the only place where my daughter really felt seriously challenged in a sport....so I take that as a thumbs up!
4	Step back into the 1990s and enjoy a workout! Nice clean facility. Equipment sort of jammed in at odd angles (in the large weight/cardio room) but its good stuff. Not sure the purpose of two weight rooms. I think the club is more tennis based yet they have do have group exercise classes, racquetball courts and a pool. I think the spinning room may have been a children's nursery at one time based on the wall graphics, the black light effect is unique. If this were my club I'd place the emphasis on spinning classes and convert the smaller weight room into a spinning studio. Dropped a star because the women's locker room doesn't have a sauna. Very friendly employees! I am so glad to be greeted with a smile when walking in the door. Everyone on the staff is friendly. Quaint club. . . in a good way.
2	Don't send your kids to any of their summer programs. My daughter (6yrs old) went and had a terrible experience, and we ended up just pulling her out. They spent the majority of their time just in a room supervised by a couple of girls just left to play with the toys there or do whatever. We weren't happy with it at all.Giving them 2 stars just because the club itself looks nice.
2	I took a tour of this health club over a year ago.  It's very close to my place but I felt like I stepped into a time warp.  The facility is clean but it was so outdated.  I live in a condo complex that has a beautiful pool and gym so for me to spend extra money to join a club it needs to be nice.  When I took the tour the guy that was showing me around gave me a hard sell.  He did mention that the owners of the place owned it outright.  I am wondering why don't they spend the money to update it?  They would get so many more members if it was updated.  I ended up trying the facility out for two months when they had a groupon special and took tennis lessons.  Even though the facility was included with the tennis lessons I couldn't get myself to use the facility.  Even the vibe is pretty dark in there.  Also I got the impression that it was very chaotic and no one really seemed to know what was going on.  The service was not good...
1	Joined on a groupon, went once and never went back.  Gym equipment was so old it brought back memories of the 70s.  Tennis courts filled with rug rats and people who did not want to give way to anyone else wanting to hit.  Heated pool, big deal can crash a local resort hotel for that.  My expectations were not met, very disappointed.
1	OMG. This club enticed us to join for squash with a new squash pro there Scott Denne. Within three months the "pro" decided my son could not take lessons from anyone else besides him and his jealousy when my son did was extreme. So much so that he would not communicate with me and had us blacklisted out of the club. Something is not right there. BE CAREFUL.
1	I was very disappointed my son did the summer camp there.  The two males an older thinner guy and an balding heavier set man, and one female long haired blond coach. They were the worst tennis coaches I have ever seen.  My son had a horrible experience there.  You should not invest or ever send you kids there.Save your money!
4	Just joined this club last week. It has the nicest members, instructors and staff. I have never felt so welcomed at a club before. There are lots of amenities I don't use but the ones I do are great. I only go in the morning which hosts a slightly older crowd--just my type!!
1	I knew this place's pickleball program had a pretty bad reputation, but I wanted to check it out for myself. It meets and exceeds the bad reputation in every way. The players are cliquish and snotty. There are a couple of old guys that have deemed themselves "in charge" and try to tell everyone who to play with and even how to play. If they don't like the way you play, your wrong and they are right. They team up 2 of their "A" players with two others whom they think they can beat. If you win, they start telling you how good they are and how poorly you play. Just a sad situation in general. I guess there are always people who feel the need to disparage others in an effort to make themselves feel better. Like many, many others who have tried this place out, I won't be back. The facility itself is really pretty run down and tries desperately to hold itself out as something elitist. In reality, about the same level as a run down YMCA.
