4	I am sold on DISCOUNT TIRE STORE on East Tropicana...  I needed tires for my trailer for my smoker and they were all about Professionalism and Customer Care.  GREAT PRICE & Excellent SERVICE.  The manager Mark wants to make you a satisfied customer and he did.  That's why I came back for 2 tires for my pickup.. He tried to give me a Great deal for 4 but I couldn't afford it..  No pressure he sold me 2 GREAT tires...  in a month or so I will be back for the other 2....All the workers in the shop are totally courteous and professional.
4	These guys did a bang up job. I had tire damage and needed new tires ASAP. I didn't want to wait, but I called around to a few places near me for the best prices. Discount tire's quote was $200 less than the other shops in the area. My husband was leery. He was nervous about a bait and switch, but it didn't happen. I went in, alone, and got a good price on my tires. I did choose a slightly more expensive tire than I was quoted, but that was my choice. It took 45 minutes and then I was Rollin out with new tires. I took off one star for the waiting area. Dark, dingy and not enough chairs.
5	Thank goodness for Discount Tires! We needed all 4 tires replaced and were on a very limited budget. They gave us a GREAT deal. And had our car in and out which was a blessing with a tired 18m old getting grouchy. Jason was awesome and did everything in his power to make sure we had a safe vehicle and a great deal.
5	I woke up at state line Primm area with a flat tire sidewall damage through on my spare and headed to discount tires. Will set me up fast with 4 sweet tires and had me out the door in less then an hour. Of course the tire that had the damage was one of my better tread tires and 2 of the others needed to be changed anyway. Also Will threw my one good tire from the old set on my spare rim so if I ever need to use it again I'll be close to the same tire with the spare not exact cause I got larger tires. To ice the cake will recommended some locale place to go shooting guns which is what we were going to do that day. A+
5	Was told to go here by many people on my social networks. Frank (the manager) was quick to help. Of course I have an odd sized wheel (19inch) so of course they didn't have my tire in stock. Frank called the supplier, and had 2 shipped over immediately while I waited. I didn't even make an appointment, yet I was treated like a valued repeat customer. I know nothing about cars, but he explained everything in girl terms, didn't try to up sell me into something I didn't need, and my new tires didn't put me in the poor house. Although getting new tires is a chore I despise, I won't mind as much now that I know a good place to go. Thanks Frank Keaney and your tire team....you have made a forever customer!
5	Outstanding customer service! Popped in this morning to get a tire repaired and was in and out of there within 15 minutes.Really nice that I didn't get charged for the repair, read ZERO, coupled with the customer service and that will absolutely bring me back to get tires here in the future.Very friendly, very polite and definitely recommended.
5	I hit a curb pretty hard and noticed a small slash on the side of my tire. I stopped by Discount Tire with the intent of having to purchase a replacement. Frank came out, inspected the tire and told me I didn't need a replacement. I was so grateful for his honesty. Any other place would have lied and gladly let me buy a new tire. This is why I will always be loyal to Discount Tire! Thank you!
5	Great customer service! As soon as we walked in two guys greeted us and asked if we've been helped... They're not too pushy as far as trying to tell you what your car needs and that you "need to change this and that"... We came in with the plan of just buying two tires... But the guy gave us a great deal for four! Definitely recommending to family and friends!
5	This was my 3rd time here and I had a great experience every time I have gone here to have them change my flat tires. I always call in advance to see if they have the right tire in stock and Frank told me that he had to order it and they called me back the same afternoon and this morning I went to have the job done. It took them less than 30 minutes. The tire was ready at the door. They had fresh coffee out. Hands down great customer service! Thank you for the hard work you guys have done! I highly recommend them!
5	I have been a Discount Tire customer for over ten years and the service that I recently received from Larry is the reason I'll continue to be a customer for life.Larry was friendly and incredibly helpful when I brought in my brother's Honda Fit for 2 tires before I drove it to Portland for them. We were on a tight budget and could only afford 2 tires. Larry took a look at the car and saw that we had excessive wear and dry rot on all four  tires. He helped find a set that was within our budget, and even researched alternative sizes to get us the best possible price. This was my first time visiting this location but Larry made me feel like I was their best customer.
