1	I don't think this place is even open anymore because it's not showing up on the Fairfield Inn website, but it doesn't surprise me because it was gross.We stayed here two years ago for my sister's wedding in Scottsdale.  Scottsdale is a pretty expensive area and since we were going to be in AZ for a while we didn't want to blow all our $$ right away.  The Fairfield Inn got decent reviews everywhere, was close to where we needed to be, and  was inexpensive.  I thought because it was a Marriott chain it would at least be ok.  I wasn't expecting to be wowed, I just wanted a clean, safe place to stay for a couple nights.It was gross.  The place was falling apart.  There was chipped paint everywhere, the pool lining had a rip in it, the cement "deck" was crumbling.  The pictures from the website obviously were from 5 or 10 years before!  Our room looked pretty clean, but it just didn't smell right and the whole time we were there I just felt gross and didn't want any of my stuff to hit the ground, lest we take home some of the funk with us.  The stairwells were dimly lit and so were the outdoor walkways between rooms.  It was creepy and super Motel-like.  I've never been a fan of chain hotels (restaurants or anything else for that matter) and this confirmed some of my issues with them.  They've got the name and familiarity to keep customers coming in, so they don't really have to focus on quality or service.I was soooo happy to check out of there and since I'll be heading for another visit to Scottsdale pretty soon (have a new nephew to meet!), I'll be happy to spend a lot more money if I have to, to stay somewhere that doesn't make my skin crawl!
3	Well, it seems I am the lucky one to report that this Fairfield Inn must have read the feedback from the 2 prior reviews, and have rectified the situation!  While it isn't the best hotel of all-time, it did meet the standards for a Fairfield, and I've stayed at many throughout the US. The lobby was clean and updated.  It offers a continental all-you-can-eat breakfast, which is included into the price of the room.  The breakfast consisted of various toast/bagels, muffins, hard-boiled eggs, waffles in the self-serve waffle-maker, yogurt, egg/bacon biscuits, cereal, milk, juices, apples, and bananas.  Coffee and tea is available all day.The room was just fine, clean, and the bed and pillows were very comfortable.  While there are some rooms along the outside that have doors opening to the walk-way balcony, my room was inside a hallway/corridor with a window.  It was fairly quiet, but does have the occasional private plane flying overhead, as it is VERY near the Scottsdale airport.  The pool and jacuzzi looks recently resurfaced, and in nicer weather -- would do just fine...especially if you have kids. The WI-FI worked well and fairly quick.So, in conclusion, it's not a resort, or a golf property.  But, for location, it's a value choice.  The hotel is very clean, and provides more than adequate and comfortable services.
4	I didn't think my experience staying there was as bad as previous yelp reviewers...my stay was short, but, quiet and nice...service was good, and I had a restful night, the only thing I probably will suggest is,turn off the A/C before you go to sleep, that helps a lot (not summer season I mean)...
2	Long wait to check in. Creepy-ish location.
1	If you remember a hotel room from the 1970's where you drive up to the outside of your room............the closet is a rack on a wall, then you will know this hotel.While clean and new carpet and paint, at $179 a night, I will never stay here again.Nice people trying to make it work.Platinum Marriott member
3	My room was clean and comfortable. The building is just reminiscent of an old Motel 6. It has clearly been renovated. Check in was painless. The lobby is nice. The pool area looks welcoming,  though I didn't use it. I just think they're asking too much at $170 a night. Plus side, the bed is super comfy.
3	Staff was very friendly. We were promptly checked in. An employee gave us a small tour while giving information of surrounding attractions. A big plus is the delicious popcorn they offer. Nice little snack! The hotel isn't in the heart if Scottsdale, but it isn't far.
5	I loved this place! The room was so clean, comfy and quiet!The man at check-in was wonderful and accommodating to a last minute guest!I would definitely stay here again and recommend to others!
2	This is definitely one of the Fairfield properties that is underwhelming and needs a refresh.  Rooms are very small, there are cracks in my bathtub, and it does not even have the Market.  However, it meets minimum Fairfield standards - comfortable bed, clean room, and friendly staff.  If you are a business traveler who is Marriott gold elite like me, you may prefer to stay at one of the Courtyards nearby. However, this Fairfield has one thing going for it... There is a Starbucks right across the parking lot that is open early and late!
1	Okay - my trip to Arizona has not generally been very good and this place was the lowlight. I made a reservation here about a week ago. I arrived at 2:00 pm. The entire parking lot was completely deserted. There was nobody working at the front desk and no guests to be seen on the property. I did see one lone maid's cart but no maid. I thought maybe the place was closed or being robbed. I waited at the front desk for 10 minutes and nobody came. I called out and nobody came. I finally got the idea to call the front desk while standing there (on my cell phone) and it rang for a good five minutes. Finally a young woman came out and approached the desk. I said "There you are." She SCREAMED at me "I WAS IN THE BATHROOM." Okay, okay. Maybe there should be a sign at the desk saying you'll be back? Maybe there should be two employees working? Anyway, she immediately told me that I wouldn't get a room until 3pm because that was the hotel's policy. (It was empty remember? She wanted to punish me because I mentioned my wait.)She then either pretended not to be able to find my reservation or was so utterly incompetent she couldn't find it. I had a confirmation number but after looking around at the soiled carpet, taking into account the lack of staff and the poor attitude of the one person working, I decided to cancel my reservation and move on.There are lots of hotels in the Scottsdale area. This one's motto appears to be "We're not happy until you're not happy."Save yourself and drive right on by.
1	what a dump!  it's a motel 6.  Marriott take your name off this cheap motel because it doesn't deserve the marriott brand.  You can hear everyone walking down the walkway because the walls are so thin plus the TV and shower next door.  The thin bedding and not even enough room to walk beside your bed makes this the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  The GM didn't want to discount my bill because I used social media to complain tipped me over the edge because it's my right to an opinion.  She told me they are first generation Marriott which means what?  I found out 4 years ago they did a remodel....wow, they need a tear down then!
