1	Service is touch and go here.I will not be coming back. Tony did my fill last time and he was rude. He also burned me a few times with the electric file. Very rough with my hands and gave me an attitude after he stepped on my toe and smudged my polish.
2	Price was okay - $40 (including $5 for tip) for a full set w/cuticle trim. The customer service was horrible, the girl that did my nails did not say much at all. She acted like she was in a rush the entire time yet there wasn't anyone waiting (only two other  customers in the shop.) I would not go back, i have had better.
1	This place is so disappointing. I have been a few times and had an ok experience, but it has just gotten horrible. I took my daughter in for a gel manicure and the man that did it was terrible to her. She is 11 and there is no excuse for being rude to a kid if she says you are hurting her, The manicure is "lumpy" and has already started to chip 3 days later. Please, save your money. This place is overpriced and there are way better choices in the area
1	I was so excited to find a salon that did a decent pedicure in the east valley.  I went about three weeks ago and it was great.  Today was another story....My first concern is when I saw that after applying acetone to remove the polish from my toe nails, there was still some on there.  Rather than going back and using the cotton to get it off, she files it off.  I can honestly say that I have been to a lot of places and that has never happened.  She spent about less than five minutes removing the cuticles and used the file for everything else.  "Ummm ma'am your nails are digging into my feet and this water is way too hot."  Why would you spend more time rubbing lotion into my legs than applying the actual polish which is a reflection of your work.  I was alarmed to see that the cheapest pedicure was 32 bucks so I told her I just want something basic based on the work I had seen so far.  Well you guessed it....she pretty much slapped on the polish.  The best part is when I went to pay she asked if I wanted to run my card for the amount or more.  "Oh you mean a tip?  Ok ummm add three bucks and I will check and see if I have cash."  I totally lied because technically I wanted to tip nothing cause I knew my feet were a mess.  I got home and it is worst than I thought in the light.  She didn't even get polish on the whole nail of my pinkie toe.  One toe nail is even diagonal in shape rather than straight.  I am applying polish to my own feet that I just paid to get done.  So with that being said...not going back.If you must go, try going during the week when they aren't trying to get people in and out of the chairs so quick.  Otherwise sit in the tub at your house, buy a cute color, and save some money and time.
1	Went with Acrilics that were done elsewhere that still looked perfect and asked for cuticle removal and gel on top of the whole thing, even though it would be a bump it was ok. The guy started by cutting my perfect Acrilics nails taking them off (hurt like hell) the owner/manager came by saying "beauty hurts hahaha" I asked why he was removing, I did not understand what he said, then when he was done with the cuticles, he brought he gel colors for me to choose and I said that I did not want to put gel anymore because he had already removed the nails and now I just wanted regular polish. The owner/manager came back and they both started insisting that I had to do the gel and I finally said NO! And explained that I did not get what I wanted in the first place so I wanted the simplest thing. So they accepted - after lots of insistence - and for the first time ever I did not tip. Will never go back, never recommend to anyone. Horrible.
1	This place was just all around bad. Not only was I rushed the entire time and they did a really fast and half effort job on my manicure but the guy that did my nails was picking his nose and shouting at one of the other women in the salon, which made him go even faster on my nails. I will say the price was good, but not good enough. Awful service.
2	Plus points for decor, minus points for price.  I was a bit surprised to find that the basic pedicure was $32, when anywhere else you'd pay $25 or less.  I thought the experience was pretty comparable to anywhere else and couldn't really justify coming back to pay more just because the walls are pretty.
1	I am so disappointed in this place lately. I have been a customer for at least five years and the past 4 or 5 times I have gotten two rude men that don't listen and are just down-right rude! I have put up with it as it's close to my house and they so a good massage with the pedi that I get. Today was the last straw! Such rude people and the owner is one of them! I won't be back.
1	TERRIBLE. If you want to get cut and leave with your fingers bleeding while being made fun and talked about in a different language then this is the place for you. There are only two employees that do GEL manicures and the man is absolutely terrible. He cut me several times and he was rushing. My nails were uneven and sloppy. He used to work up the street at N'joy nails but was fired, probably because he's very rude and doesn't take his time. My nails also started chipping two days later and gel is supposed to last 2 weeks. I will never give my business to this salon and I wouldn't refer anyone either.
1	I went there for gel manicure and I not only had polish on my nails but all over my fingers too. Then in some nails it wasn't even done in the whole nail. The lady was rude. She didn't even talk to me but kept talking to other people in their language. She would just stand up and leave for a few minutes and leave me hanging. This happened a couple times and she didn't even have the decency to let me know why she had to just leave me waiting. I was there for about an hour in the chair but probably only ten minutes of her working. Won't go back there again.
