5	Oh Handpicked...you take all my money and leave me looking perfectly accessorized. Handpicked offers a smattering of adorable (and affordable) jewelry and accessories in the convenient Dilworth location. They have everything from monogrammed jewelry, beaded necklaces, sterling silver earrings, cuff bracelets, scarves and handbags. It's the perfect place to score a gift for the lady in your life - old or young! The staff here are very helpful and are eager to help you find that perfect piece, for yourself or for a friend. Handpicked gets new shipments of jewelry quite often and if something is out of stock they can certainly call you if and when it comes back in. They also offer sales fairly often and if you join their e-mail list you can get a heads up before the sale madness begins. Definitely check out this little treasure in the heart of Dilworth!
4	Yes, I am reviewing a funky jewelry store. Most items are around $25-$50 (necklaces, earrings, bracelets, etc) and my wife loves this place, so it's an easy place for me to get that extra gift I need to compliment a gift package or that small gift "just because". Located right next to Picasso's on Scott Ave/East Blvd. Always a busy place around the holidays and for the price, it's hard to beat. If you need to send a family member/friend something new and fun, this is the place I'd go. They also sell ornaments, frames, pens, and some other items under $10. Well worth a quick trip.
3	If I could give stars to a nabe, Dilworth would get 3.And so does this little shop. Pearls, random findings strung onto earhoops, there's a lot of trendy-without-being-too-crazy jewels and such stuffed into this bright, clean space.Prices range from a tad nuts to just right, with the occasional holy crap what a deal (large turq studs, silver, 10 buckolas, mine now, keep it). Besides the necklaces, bracelets, incredangle earrings et all, there's cute little purses, nail kits, and "What happens at the ____ stays at the ____" signs of every permutation.Service, with a slightly-doe-eyed smile. Definitely on my gifty-resource radar.
5	Along with City Art Works, this place is my go-to place for a jewelry piece for myself, my mother & sister, or any ladyfriend in my life. With prices ranging from $8-$60, you can find something on any budget and the merchandise is changing constantly so there's always something new and beautiful!They've got a large selection of sterling silver, and engravable pieces, but my favorite part is the ever changing color array of seasonal pieces. With a good mix of gold and silver, you can find any color stone here (sometimes real, other times faux) just be prepared if you're a jewelry lover - this place is like Target! I never walk out empty handed... :)Employees are always helpful, and as Todd might vouch for, they're very helpful and empathetic to a man who has stumbled in looking for something to say "I love you", "I'm sorry" or "Wanna do it?".
5	Oh no!  What accessories can I wear with this orange and turquoise dress for the party tonight? When you're faced with a similar question-- no doubt Hand Picked is the way to go.  No, it's not Tiffany, but it's not cheapie stuff like So Good (I think that's what it's called) or Claire's.  It's a few steps up-- and more adult. I needed some silver ball-shaped earrings to go with a necklace I already had, but didn't feel like spending $150+ for the Tiffany ones.  Hand Picked had a nice compromise.  Ones for about $15, that no, weren't as heavy and shiny, but for the price?  Heck yes!Along with finding just about anything you could ever imagine at reasonable prices, the store employees here are super sweet and helpful when you're in need of assistance.
3	You know the store that you always pass by and say that you are going to stop in one day soon? Well, I did that with HandPicked and picked up the cutest bracelet. A friend of mine picked up a nice necklace for her sister too. Both pieces were different and unique. I was told mine was hot off the presses...an item that had just been delivered to the store. While I loved it...it broke in a few weeks:( As far as I know my friend's gift to her sister is doing just fine. Handpicked carries HP Originals (items made in limited quantities and handcrafted), trendy pieces, sterling silver, accessories and can even monogram appropriate jewelry. The store's mission is to provide a fun environment which helps women express who they are or who they want to be. They do that...and the staff is helpful enough to assist guy's picking out something for their lady (which I witnessed firsthand) while at the store. Oh and if you're lucky you can catch one of their sidewalk sales...if not just stop by to see their pretty windows. They have the best displays that catch your eye when cruising by or stopping in.
4	Fantastic Looking Shop!  Lots of Jewelry!  Two very friendly and helpful looking ladies working here today.  Great place to buy that lady in your life a gift!  Guys, there is nothing else in here for you!  Ladies who have not been here, this is a store you will probably love.
4	Lovely staff. Great pieces. Loved the sales women.I love bags and earrings. They have both. I purchased some silver earrings for 8.00. They had a great sale section as well.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Out of fairness my girlfriend is writing this review:I have driven by this boutique several times mistaking it for an upscale, pricey rip-off. For New Years Eve I had a very nice dress that I wanted to accompany with nice looking jewelry. I walked in and was immediately greeted by one of the friendly staff members.I looked at a couple of necklaces that I thought were amazingly unique and slowly turned over the price tag. I was extremely surprised at how affordable each necklace and pair of earrings were. I ended up getting a stunningly beautiful necklace that cost $20 and was complemented on it several times during the night.After finding my necklace one of the ladies working there helped me find the perfect pair of earrings ($10).  I was also wandering around and admiring their beautiful jewelry that can be worn for any occasion. I will DEFINITELY be back here again!
2	The jewelry is beautiful and priced great, however, the service was horrible. The two girls there barely even noticed me in the store, let alone any of their other customers. When I picked out my purchase they seemed less than excited to be getting my money. Then after bagging my item one girl pretty much threw it at me. I'd rather pay a little extra not have to encounter this type of service again.
4	Need a gift? Or maybe you did something to piss off your girlfriend/wife/mistress? Or better yet, are you looking for that perfect piece of jewelry... for yourself? Here's your one stop shop to find it all.I come here all the time to pick up gifts for my girlfriends' birthdays. Most recently, I ventured to Handpicked in search for a Christmas present for my mama. I wanted to get her something simple. Nothing too flashy. The nice ladies helped me find the perfect necklace. She loved it.Beautiful, unique jewelry here... all at pretty affordable prices. They have several locations in Charlotte and the Southeast.It is a little tricky to get out of the parking lot. The traffic is pretty heavy. Be patient and take a deep breath.
5	I am a fan! Love the selection, very affordable and trendy Visit often as they get new styles in all the time!
