4	This place is everything that you expect from the name, and it does not disappoint. My girlfriend and I dropped by around 2:30p after school. A couple customers were eating in the comfortable, quaint booths, and it was pretty chill. On our way in, as we were deliberating with a menu, one gentleman even said "The food is good, you'll like it here."I can't really say that the food was amazing, because it was fairly standard Chinese takeout fare. That said, I couldn't have asked for it to be better without asking for it to be something completely different. I enjoyed my sesame chicken, fried rice, egg roll, and crab rangoons.I think this is a husband and wife operation, and the quality of service really sets this restaurant apart. After eating a crab rangoon and egg roll, I moved to grab my fork and clumsily dropped it on the floor. I got up and walked to the counter, and by the time I got there the gentleman was holding a fork out to me and was ready to take the dirty one back. He was both paying attention, and he cared. It would have been very easy for him to ignore me, or simply to have not been courteous. Definitely a sign of A+ service.
1	This is the worst Chinese restaurant that I have ever eaten at.  I went here because of the good reviews but was very disappointed.  I don't write many reviews, but I didn't want someone to get suckered in like I did.  The one good thing that I will say about this restaurant was that the food was very cheap.  However, I could not stomach but a few bites so I still did not get my money's worth.
5	I never eat Chicken wings at a Chinese restaurant but thay have the BEST I have ever eaten!! Super Yummy!! I also recommend the crab ragon! Great food and Prices!
3	I'm not the biggest fan of carryout Chinese joints and it's far & few between that any of them are actually any good. A lot of the foods at these places all tend to taste alike.  Having said that, the only thing I ever get at this place is their simple Cashew Chicken w/ rice & egg roll. I don't know what it is about it but I think it's pretty good after I've had to salt & pepper it enough to my liking. Egg rolls and rice are not bad and there's usually enough sauce from the chicken to give both of those the right zing.The restaurant is an older place and is in dire need of some sort of remodeling inside. It's a great place for a quick, cheap meal to people watch while you're eating. The staff are always fast and efficient. I giggle a little bit that the owner wears a hair net. I wouldn't recommend ya'll going out of your way to try this place but I felt the need to pad my reviews with this "A-OK" joint. ;)Your pal,Walter
4	Good and fast Chinese food at a reasonable price.There aren't that many options for a quick and cheap lunch in this area, but this one satisfies both needs for right around $5.  It isn't absolutely amazing and the lunch portion sizes aren't near as much as a lot of the cheap Chinese places are, but do you really need a to-go box at lunch?I took a friend and we got the sesame chicken and the general's chicken.  It comes with rice and an egg roll.  Both entrees had a decent fried crunchy texture and a note of fruit.  The sauces were a little thinner than most places but I don't mind not being dowsed with a ridiculous amount of cornstarch.If in the area and not trying to deal with nuances of Piscies "all you can eat" sushi lunch special I will be back.FYI, take a look at the pic that had been submitted if you want an idea of portion size.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. The staff is friendly. Just basic chinese food.
