5	I have never wanted or needed a wig in my entire life.....until earlier this year. I have also never gone shopping for a wig, so I had no idea what to expect.I remembered seeing this place, driving down Sahara one day. My mother and I decided to stop by and were immediately greeted by two employees when we walked in. We ended up spending over an hour at the store! Lisa helped us the entire time. She was very friendly, patient, and made good suggestions. I definitely learned a lot about wigs! After trying on a bunch of them, I finally found the one that I liked and could live with. Unfortunately, they did not have the color I wanted in stock, so they had to order it. No problem though, as I did not need it right away. It took about a week to come in. The only drawback was the prices. Expect to spend at least $200 on a synthetic wig. Human hair ones can be in the $700 + range. They also offer styling services, where they wash and re-shape your wig. I took advantage of this, and although it cost me $33, I know that if I tried to wash it myself, I would have screwed it up somehow. Very convenient and it took about 3 days. When I picked it up, it looked brand new!I would definitely recommend Reese's! Wig shopping is not easy and it just takes time to find that right one. The employees here will help you with everything and I was happy with my purchase!
1	I wouldn't suggest this business to someone who's had a decent experience with other places. When I came in, I was welcomed to the store. However, that's as far as it went with a positive experience. Everywhere throughout the store I was followed by an aggressive employee who did not leave much distance, and I suspect followed me due to prejudice. That is a harsh thing to say, but I rarely ever get (obviously) followed by an employee in much smaller stores. I wasn't even dressed "suspiciously" and explained to her in advance I was interested in looking to gauge any potential future purchases due to a previous purchase not panning out well (due to my time range). When I asked her about a specific question about fiber types she deflected the question, saying "Well, we have many types of wig fibers here". I expect more knowledgeable information coming from someone who's trying to sell me an expensive wig.  I also expect more professional behavior to come from someone in such a shop.  It made me feel very uncomfortable and turned me off from purchasing in the future. I couldn't personally complain about prices- storefronts are always more expensive than online purchases. That is a given. However, the wigs are a bit shiny for the price range, and did not have as much hair.I imagine they would work well for someone who does not want to go out of their way to find a wig  or who wishes to get what they expect. But for those who are willing to take more of a chance, online wig purchasing from a reliable source is a better experience. Cosworx is a local wig seller in Las Vegas, mainly for cosplay or lolita fashion. Although they don't have a storefront, I would recommend their products ahead of this shop, or almost any shop for that matter.
4	I have to admit that when I first went in it was to see what I might want to turn around and buy online. (If they're a bit secretive that's probably why!) After receiving excellent service and trying on no fewer that 15 wigs I realized something very important. The wig I chose was about the 8th I tried on and was nothing like what I thought that I would get! So, had I ordered online it would have taken me many time consuming returns and I probably still wouldn't have ended up with "Samantha". I feel sexy and my hubby has a twinkle in his eye when he looks at me;) How much would you pay for that? In short yes, you will pay more for the actual wig you choose but you will save a ton not buying wigs that don't fit, are not flattering, are the wrong cut or color, or have something wrong with them that you can't see online ie scratchy wig cap. Just go in, let them take care of you and walk out feeling fabulous!THANK YOU to the wonderful staff and owner at Reese's!FYI Yes, that is "Samantha" I'm wearing in my pic;)
4	Diana is awesome!  I went in for a ponytail to spruce up an outfit, but she found me a great wig for about the same price.  And some great glow in the dark lashes.  Coming back again next trip for a new look.  Heck, i might come every trip!
5	Took my grandma here to get her a new wig for xmas....quality product and amazing service..the ladies were so nice and helpful
5	If you've ever thought of buying a wig you have to go here!  Sharin & Equilla were awesome!!!  When my sister & I walked in were immediately greeted with a friendly hello & were given the opportunity to look around without any high pressure.  We had so much fun trying on different styles & didn't feel like we were annoying the staff.  We had been to Serge's Wigs prior to coming to Reese's & it was not a fun experience.  Besides the fact their prices were much Both my sister & I brought two wigs.  It takes awhile to find the right ones but with the professional help & many, many wigs later we were very happy with our choices. SO...once again I must say go to Reese's if you are in the market for a wig.  They make it a fun experience!
