4	Just like my tip for the casino, "Where is the actual business listing for this restaurant?" I read most of the reviews and they all say Longhorn Cafe or Longhorn Restaurant. When I checked the place out, there is a big sign right above the place that says "Chuck Wagon". So why no one has done a listing is beyond me. The casino itself is a separate entity but when you go over the reviews, about 80 percent of it pertains to the restaurant.So here's the first offficial review for this listing.Like everybody else, I was drawn by the billboards off of Boulder Highway about their food specials. One example is the Barbeque Combo Plate for 9.99 which consists of 1/4 Babyback Ribs, Beef Brisket, and 1/4 rotisseried Chicken accompanied by Baked Beans and a mini Corn on the Cob. Another is Steak and Petite Lobster for 9.99 as well. They also have your basic steak and potatoes for 5.99 which is not a bad deal.I got the Barbeque Combo because the picture from the billboard looked rather enticing. The Babyback Ribs were surprisingly tender and flavorful. The Beef Brisket was ok and the Chicken was a bit dry. All items were topped off with a drizzle of tangy barbeque sauce which I thought was pretty tasty. The corn was your basic corn and the baked beans tasted like it was from a can.The restaurant itself is a little bit cozy meaning they got a decent amount of tables and booths kind of crammed together. So dont be surprised if you have to wait a bit especially for dinner. I went on a monday at 11:45 am and only waited for about 2 minutes.As for the service, nothin major to complain about or take my hats off to. You do get what you pay for in terms of service. I recommend you not be in any hurry if you plan on eating here. Overall, the staff is friendly from my first impression.Some random info: These guys are open 24 hours and you dont need a player card to get the food deals. The bathroom is in the casino to your right when you exit the restaurant. Occasionally you will get a whiff of the second hand smoke coming from the casino, especially if you have a bunch of smokers out there on the slots and tables.In conclusion, I will definitely come back to try their other specials and most definitely will come here if I have friends or family that just want decent food at good prices.
4	Great hole-in-the-wall country steakhouse. i don't cook and this place is like 3 minutes from my house, so when my wife was pregnant on on bed rest, I went and grabbed take out from here 3 or 4 nights a week for about 6 months.They have amazing burgers, steaks, prime rib, pork chops, appetizers, and some of the best chicken fingers I've ever eaten.  Their Chicken fried steak is pretty scrumptious too.  Also, they have an actual charbroil grill in the back, so the steaks and chops taste just like they came off the BBQ grill in my backyard.  I've tried their desserts a few times, and they are okay, but nothing to write home about.  Pretty basic cafe cakes and pies plated in a spinning display case.  Other than their insane 1 pound monster burger, their portions are not huge, but adequate.  Their prices are mostly "Old Vegas" low (Like $1.99 breakfasts and $5.99 steak dinners)  They do have a flat $2 service charge for to-go orders.  They claim it is to cover the cost of the extra styrafoam packaging materials and plastic utensils.The place is clean, but it is in a very old casino, so it has the stale smoke smell kind of permeating everything.  If smoke bothers you, this is probably not a great place for you.  Service is all dependent on who you get.  Some are quick and personable, and some are not so great.  Leon on the graveyard shift is by far my favorite server and he is AMAZING.  All in all, the Chuckwagon Restaurant at the Longhorn Casino is a great place to get simple country style comfort food at a great price.  For the money, it's one of the better values in town.
4	came here to try the steak and lobster for $9.99. no bad. when i got the small casino. i notice that it was not smoky a lot. that's  a plus for me because i was pinching my noise as i went in ha. the rest was straight ahead. we waited a few minutes before the host came and seated us. our waiter was really nice. as we already new what we wanted we gave our orders and a few minutes later our bread came with butter more like a roll. then the entree. i had medium cook for my steak. it was good but reminds me of a more late night special kinda steak with the fats and chewy parts. but the lobster was delish! plus it came with choice of potato. i chose mash potato. all in all the rest was clean. we went late about midnight though the deal is all day. ill def be back and try other specials!
4	Yummy food!  Decent service.  Great prices!  The only downside is the environment, something about the decor put me off a bit, but that wouldn't stop me from eating there again!
5	We went in because of the cheap Prime Rib.  We left liking the place because of the cheaply priced prime rib and the dive casino attached.
4	The Chuck Wagon is the only reason anyone should step foot into Longhorn Casino.  The Chuck Wagon takes up a good portion of the Casino as it should. The food is decent and the price is even better.  My go to meals here have always been breakfast items.  The Stampede is my usual... eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast.  But, the real reason we come here is for the S.O.S... My father, a retired Marine, thinks it to be really good.  If he doesn't know what good S.O.S. is, who would?The service has always been above par.  I take away a star because you have to walk through a smoked filled casino.  And, there is always a wait.
4	We had seen the sign, $5.99 Steak Dinner, but hadn't gone in -- the place looks so divey, how good could it be? Then we checked the other Yelp reviews -- nearly everyone gave this place 4 stars -- and rightly so.  We visited the Longhorn Casino at 10 PM on a weekday, a time when you'd go hungry at the much larger Sam's Town casino across the street.It wasn't the ambience -- Wal-Mart has greeters, this place had a hooker almost blocking the front door, begging for $2 because her "boyfriend just left her." And the people behind us somehow managed to have security read them the Trespass Act, photograph them, and boot them off the premises!The food totally makes up for the ambiance (or utter lack thereof). A lengthy menu features ribs, trout, prime rib, 1-pound burgers, you name it. We had the ribs-chicken-brisket special (not on the menu, on a sign above the cashier); and also the Cajun prime rib. A calendar lists daily specials as well. Finish the 1-pound burger and win an unspecified prize. Creamed chipped beef ("SOS") is offered 12M-noon for $4. Steak and lobster, prime rib and shrimp, whatever combination suits your fancy, they have it.  The baby back ribs, brisket, and prime rib were tender and succulent; "Tell them they have great iced tea," says the wife. The bill came to $33 of which $8 was for iced tea and side orders of cole slaw and tomatoes. The dinner rolls were homemade.Among other things we liked, there's no Bataan death-march through a huge casino to get to the restaurant, the total distance was about 50 feet from car to table; and you don't have to sign up for a casino player's card to get their best deals. Speaking of great deals, they have $2 live blackjack and their rules are more liberal than at Sam's Town (among other things they allow resplitting aces and doubling down after splits).
3	First time here, I heard the food was pretty good from close friends of mine and the $6.00 steak got my attention . So I thought let's see what the big deal is about this place . First I checked reviews on yelp to see what other have said a lot of  good and a few bad. My time here was good I ended up having the steak with mashed potatoes and gravy with mixed vegetables . And I'll have to say it was pretty good . I'll be making a return visit to see what else is good on the menu.
4	We went to Snaps for a war wonton fix (my favorite), but in some evil twist of corporate bad decision making, they now close at 10. So, with tears in our eyes and grumbling in our tummies, we drove across the street and were lured in by the promise of a cheap steak dinner.Now, we've been here before, many moons ago, and I remember it being...not bad... When we first landed in Vegas, with pets and U-haul et al, we actually stayed at the Super 8 that was attached for a week until we found a more permanent home. I'm pretty sure we ate here a couple of times, but it must not have left too great an impression. Or, we could have just been shell shocked from the drive down from Seattle.Either way, here we were, ready to eat pretty much anything. Yeah, the place is a divey locals joint, that's part of its charm. The beautiful man who seated us asked what we wanted to drink. I ordered a glass of merlot and my husband drew a blank. The beautiful man said, "You want a shot of Quervo," to which my husband replied, "Yes, yes I do!" We'd had a long day, see... Anyway, Husband ordered the BBQ platter, and I ordered the steak & lobster special. Nine freakin' 99 for steak and lobster. Oh, yeah. I wasn't expecting too much, but, still - lobster!I've been to enough dive joints to know to order my steak at least one degree rarer than what I actually want. Which, unfortunately, is rare to begin with. So, since I can't order raw, I order rare and hope for the best.The drinks came before we even ordered dinner, yay! Oh, and even better - they were around $2 EACH!Dinner came stupid fast - before I even had time to forget what I ordered.And, you know what? It was pretty good. The steak actually was rare! Sure, it was fatty and not the best cut, but, dude - $9.99! The lobster tail was surprisingly substantial. It was also tender and tasty, with lots of drawn butter and lemon. And, dude, $9.99!The belle of the ball was the loaded baked potato. Cheese, bacon, and a plate full of sour cream & butter with chives. Oh, mama.My husband's food must have been satisfactory, as well. All I heard was "narm narm narm om nom nom nom" I managed to yell, "Save the bones for the dog!" without losing a finger.OK, so not Mon Ami Gabi, but damn good for the price.
2	I am giving this place only 2 stars because they charge $2 per item if you get take out. That's a rip off. I got 2 entrees (so $4 surcharge so far for that) & wanted to get desserts too but did not because of the $2 surcharge per dessert. That's crazy! The food was decent. The place is a dive. Reeks of cigarettes. I won't be going back.
3	Had my first meal here Tues. 3-11-14 . Ordered the burger w/ baked potato. My better half ordered the steak n lobster special. Burger had a good taste and pattie was a good size. Steak was cooked to order and lobster was a decent size for the price. Restaurant was busy but server or bus person can at least clear the dishes sooner. Left dishes on other tables as well. Prices are good. Will return.
4	My in-laws love this place so we come here all the time. They have cheap specials. The most popular among my family is the monster burger. It's a one pound burger and it's huge! If you finish, they give you a silly certificate. Most people don't finish, but my dad has 2 certificates already. Ha! My favorite menu item is the French toast deluxe. It cost $5.99 and comes with 2 whole sliced bread, eggs, bacon, and sausage. I thought it was a good deal and was delicious. Some other favorites include steak and lobster and chicken tenders. Everything on the menu is very decently priced.The service here is hit or miss. If you're picky about service, don't come here. If you want some good, cheap food, give this place a try.
3	The Longhorn casino is a little scary when we first walked in. At the very back of the casino is the Chuckwagon Cafe. It is pretty small, but a nice quiet atmosphere. They have a daily special, but we ordered off the menu. I asked the waiter what was good and he suggested the prime rib. So I ordered it med with a side of mashed potatoes. The prime rib was good and cooked right, but nothing that would make me come back any time soon. We also had the chicken tenders which were very crispy and decent, and the lobster and steak special, which was also decent. Now the dessert was pretty good. We ordered a chocolate pudding and a coconut pudding. They were mini desserts and only $1.50 each. My family said both were yummy. I guess the food was good for the price, but again, I am not coming back any time soon.
4	If impressions/opinions of eateries were formed solely on the food, I would've given this joint 5-stars. Aside from it's location and the seemingly unhappy and borederline "could-give-a-shit-about-this-job" waiter we had, I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was for the price I paid.I absolutely LOVE Ribeye Steak and have had them at many price points at many different restaurants across the valley. The steak here was tasty, tender, and juicy and so was the Prime Rib. I am definitely going back and anxious to try their other menu items. Although only my first time here, I'd say this joint is a go-to for cheap/good eats.
2	Really tasty and affordable diner food. I do prefer this to most chain diners.It's not the ABSOLUTE best but they have a nice variety.I've had the Cajun prime rib once and the fried chicken dinner once.The prime rib is pretty thin. I wouldn't get it again but the seasoning was good. Their mashed potatoes are really good.The fried chicken was really good when I got it. It has a nice crust, is seasoned well, and it comes with 4-5 pieces. I think it's half a chicken. Oh & 2 sides! The place gets busy. The weight staff is very efficient as it is always busy.I've also had their chicken fingers and wings with friends and we all enjoyed them. Their wing sauce is delicious.
4	If you are looking for decent food, at decent prices, away from the craziness of the strip, this is a great place to try. The food is not gourmet but it tastes good, and the prices are reasonable. I had a 3-egg omelette (ham, cheddar, onions, mushrooms) that came with country potatoes and toast, for $6.99. The omelette was perfectly made, super tasty, and big. The potatoes were tasty, made with bell peppers and onions, however some of them were not quite cooked through and hard. My kids shared the "Monster burger." One pound (cooked) of meat, cheese, with lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion, & mayo on the side. Plus a full order of fries, all for $9.99! I felt the meat was a little bland, could have used more seasoning. But it was by no means bad or inedible. If you an eat everything on the plate (by yourself of course) you get a certificate. I've eaten a few things in their menu and everything was pretty good. The casino and restaurant themselves are definitely not glitzy or glamorous, but the food is good and it won't cost an arm and a leg to feed a family (or yourself after a bad night at the tables!) The only complaint I have is that they charge  a $2.00 fee to split a plate or box it to go, and they absolutely do NOT allow substitutions on menu items, if you want onion rings instead of fries with your burger, you pay full price for the onion rings and they bring the fries even if you ask them not to.
5	It's about time I wrote a review for them. In short, they're one of my favorites. Comfort food in a restaurant.  I usually go for the Steak Dinner Special, served 24/7 for 6.99. Comes with about a 4oz or so steak, veggie and your choice of potato and dinner roll. The special used to come with soup or salad but when the price went up they nixed the salad. I still get my salad, with ranch. Just a basic house or dinner salad. Their burgers are also tasty and they even boast their own "Challenge", The Monster Burger. It's a one pound burger patty set upon special made buns from Great Buns Bakery here in Vegas. Comes with all the fixings and a side of fries. If you take the challenge, you must eat everything on your plate, I believe in under an hour. If you do, you get a certificate.  No other incentives, just bragging rights. Also, their Club sandwich is pretty good. I know, how hard could it be to screw up a Club. (It's been done, trust me.) They use beautiful carved Turkey.  Sandwich bread, toasted to perfection and your tomatoes don't cause a landslide. Service is always good, Just bare in mind If you go when they're busy...it may take a little extra but they haven't forgotten about you so just enjoy your sit down time.
4	6.99 breakfast steak and eggs!Over medium eggs, medium steak, sour dough butter toast and camp spuds
4	Tucked away in the back of the tiny Longhorn casino along the Boulder strip, the Chuck Wagon is open 24/7 and serves cheap, tasty, diner food. I have a few friends that live close by, so we usually hit this place up after a night out and it always hits the spot. I usually get the chicken fingers and fries for $7 and some change, and my boyfriend gets the monster burger. This burger is a full pound of meat, with all the fixins, and a side of fries for $10. We split the burger and the chicken fingers and usually have some to take home. They have some pretty good dinner specials, although I haven't tried them. They also have specials after midnight for cheap eats. I think the breakfast special is $2.99 for 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, potatoes and toast! I definitely won't go out of my way to eat here because it's super far from my house, but it's my go to spot when I'm in the area.
4	I have to say, I am actually really surprised by myself that I liked this place as much as I did. Going through the tiny casino to get here, you are quickly seated and drinks are quick to get to you.Now the thing that blew me away was the amount of food given for the price you pay. I mean seriously, they have a hamburger that is literally a pound after cooking! Do you know what sort of evil that is? But that isn't what I ordered~hahaha. My friend ordered the chicken fried steak and I just had a simple steak with veggies. The portions were amazing and the whole meal ended up costing us less then $20. Its really a great Hole in the wall and I would recommend to anyone.
5	This place right here...Let me tell you, The food is great, the prices even better. I usually get the steak and lobster tail for 9.99 or the 8.99 prime rib dinner. I am never disappointed. normally there is not a long wait. usually 20 minutes at the most. service is pretty fast. This is my go to place!
4	Old style place with a great Porterhouse for 15.99.  Can't beat that for awesome food.
4	There are separate entries for the Longhorn Casino and for the Chuck Wagon restaurant. I wrote a longer version of this review under the Longhorn entry. Why? Because people should know about this place, dammit.***The Longhorn Casino itself is very much 'old school' Las Vegas in the truest sense in that it is a dank, dark, smokey dump. There are a lot of (decent) older video poker machines crammed in here along with some blackjack tables that you have to practically dodge around the moment you walk in. Your first thought will most likely be, "Fuck this!"Just keep moving ahead. The place is tiny and you can see the sign for the Chuck Wagon Restaurant right when you walk in. Make a beeline for that unless you want to try some very cheap blackjack with inexperienced dealers who might overpay you accidentally. The Chuck Wagon itself is decorated in sort of an Old West style, with pictures of wagons and John Wayne all over the place. Not that it matters all that much, people aren't here for the decor. Considering that the place is basically a cross between a family restaurant and the typical casino diner, the menu is surprisingly large. They have everything from salads to lobster to a full breakfast menu available 24 hours. There's also the famous steak special. It's not listed on the menu, you just have to ask for it. I believe it's still $5.99. They also advertise the Monster Burger for $9.99. You get a certificate proudly proclaiming your gluttony if you finish it. I've eaten here dozens of times and I've never seen a single person order it but I guess somebody must. The normal burgers, by the way, are pretty great for the price and they are very large plus you get a ton of decent fries. You will not leave hungry. Other items I'd recommend off the top of my head: the fish and chips, the cobb salad, just about anything on the breakfast menu and something they call the pot roast sandwich which is similar to the prime rib sandwich only much more awesome despite the name.The best part is, even though the prices have gone up a little over the years, two people can eat very well here for under $20. Yes, a couple of the entrees break the $10 mark but if you're looking to spend that much then why are you eating here to begin with?A few other thoughts. Even though the casino is old and smoke filled, the odor of cigarettes doesn't carry over into the restaurant. I'm a non smoker, I can't stand the smell of cigarettes while I eat and it has never bothered me once at the Chuck Wagon.If you show up at the wrong time, you may be in for a long wait. This place is very popular with the locals and you can end up waiting an hour if you chose to arrive at noon on a Sunday so plan accordingly. If you do have to wait you can always spend your time losing money on the penny slot machines. The coffee is bad. Don't waste your money if you are used to anything better than Folgers. Unfortunately, the water doesn't taste much better. If you want anything with booze in it, they can flag down one of the support-hose wearing cocktail waitresses from the casino floor. I'm fairly certain alcohol isn't listed on the restaurant menu.The waitstaff is usually very friendly but they are often busy and understaffed. Sometimes it can take a while to get your food. Be patient because it is always worth it. I've been here many times and I make everyone who visits Las Vegas go here. I've very rarely been disappointed.
4	Old school friendly atmosphere and great specials.  The steak abd lobster comes with veggies and a big ass baked potato
4	Cane here with family and ordered the $9.99 steak and lobster tail special. It seemed busy, but our wait to be seated couldn't have been more than five minutes. The wait for the food wasn't too long, and the food was definitely worth the wait. Two of the five steaks were undercooked, but one of the waitstaff took care of them and came back with them well done. Service was excellent. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed eating here. My family and I would definitely come here again.
4	They always have pretty good food, and even when they're busy, the wait isn't too long to get seated. The staff is always nice.
