1	This was our third time visiting this Smashburger, each time has been a wait, but its new so its to be expected.Tonight, we waited for 55 minutes to get our meal amongst screaming children and loud teenagers.  When our burgers finally arrived they were cold and dry.Never again will I eat here, in fact, if I could give this place less than 1 star I would.
5	I showed up today at 3pm (after lunch rush and before dinner rush) and there was no wait at all, service was good, and food was as awesome as expected.  I like this location since it is a mile from my home.  Ever since this place opened there has been a line out the door and even the parking lot is fuller than normal.  I actually gauge the craziness by first trying to park and if I have to park 3 to 4 rows away I just go elsewhere.  Burger is a consistent flavorful perfectly cooked piece of meat with perfect garnish every time.  Both the french fries and sweet potato fries rock here and they have Dr. Pepper which is a peeve of mine when places dont.  Plenty of seating and now that the place has died down I can actually enjoy going.  I fell in love with this place after they opened at 20st & Camelback and put the Fuddruckers out of business over there. (yes, its that good).  Sorry all the other peeps here had a long wait time, that would definitely ruin my meal too.
1	First, let me say that I love Smashburger.  That being said, I can tell you that not all Smashburger locations are created equal.  This particular location does not live up to the standards of just about every other Smashburger store anywhere.I went with wife and another couple and it was their treat because I'd helped them get their new Kindle set up and we thought it would be a good idea to check out the newly opened Smashburger at Happy Valley and Lake Pleasant Rd.Very disappointing considering that we drove from Buckeye to Peoria for a little treat from a burger joint that we had previously just raved about (99th & McDowell).  Right off the bat I KNEW that this was going to be a bust.  When we ordered we were told that there were no fries left.  UH?  REALLY?  This was at 5PM and there no french fries at a burger joint?  That's like going to a fish & chips place and being told there were no chips.  Who the heck does the ordering for this place?Secondly, I was going to have a beer with my meal but guess what - NO BEER!  Again, I beg to ask, who the heck does the ordering for this place?  And lastly, it seemed like it took FOREVER for our order to come.  I mean, if you are just cooking 4 hamburgers with no fries, how hard can that be?  I was expecting to be told that they were out of hamburgers or buns.  The long wait for our food to arrive seem odd, especially when there isn't any crowd to speak of in the store.But the thing that really chapped my hide was when I went up the soda machine to refill my drink, I looked in the kitchen and saw that NOW there were orders of fries coming out to be served!  If I were working at that store and had customers that had been told there no french fries, I would have certainly offered some complimentary fries to those that wanted them, wouldn't you? As I said, I really have high praise for Smashburger, just not this newly opened store in Peoria.  It's a bit out of my way but I'll stick to the store in Avondale.
5	We arrived after 6pm, during dinner rush hour to a small, fast-moving line. While the menu seemed limited to about half a dozen burger choices and handful of other meat/non-meat options, the product finished with surprising flair.  I had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger (minus cheese in my case) and rosemary-garlic sweet potato fries.  Let me say, THIS burger had that char-grilled black crunchiness you think of when biting into a perfect backyard burger in the mid-summer, with all the flavors of top-grade, savoury flavoured Angus beef.  Juices and oils dripped like rain off this sandwich.  For a fast-food joint, I never expected a simple order of sweet potato fries to have so much punch, either!  Ketchup was hardly needed, though I may have recommended a nice aoli dip to go with them.  Staff were mostly young teens, though surprisingly cheerful.  The cashier girl even made it a point to come to our table to ask how we liked the meal and if this was our first visit in.  As we leaved, every available associate either thanked us for coming in or wished a good evening.  If you have the zeal of a deprived, starving carnivore, make this a definite destination.  It's a rich, meaty hamburger that doesn't disappoint!
4	The burger and smash fries were good. I have been to three locations, and though 59th and thunderbird is still the best, I wouldn't disregard this location. I went around 8pm on a thursday night. There were about 8 other people in the restaurant. The burger and fries took about 10 minutes, which is okay. Food was warm.  Luckily I didn't have to horror stories like some of the other reviews here.
4	I went before dinner rush so I did not have to wait as other yelpers claimed. The staff was friendly and asked me several times how I was doing . I will be back . The food was good for a burger joint!
5	Now that they have been open for awhile at this location the novelty has worn off a little and crowds a little smaller. Great food, Great prices, great atmosphere.
2	The burgers were awesomely good!! I will probably go back for them. I also had the Smash-frys which were very good too albiet very greasy. The burgers came out fast and VERY hot...like so hot that I burned my tongue but thats ok. So, why only 2 stars? Cleanliness. First, they have the milkshake-making counter right behind the cash registers where you have to stand to order. And as I waited in line to place my order I watched a woman making milkshakes. Within the 5-8 minutes I was standing there I saw this woman lick her fingers no less than 5 times. So it is obvious she was getting ice cream or whipped cream or SOMETHING on her fingers as she made shakes and instead of washing her hands...or maybe wiping them on a towel she chose to put her fingers into her mouth and LICK them clean!! Right there in front of everyone!! NASTY!! Needless to say, we did not order milk shakes.Secondly, the dining are just didn't seem well kept. We watched a girl clean a booth next to our table and she just wiping everything right onto the floor right next to me. So now there is a big pile of trash (torn up bits of napkin, crumpled up napkins, etc) on the floor right next to us. I thought to myself, Self...she is probably just going to get a broom to clean it up but nope...she walked away and left it. Oh yeah, the ketchup bottle on our table was empty too so I had to go find my own replacement since I couldn't seem to get anyone's attention. Funny thing, a family of 4 sat at the booth (the one with all the trash on the floor) and I looked over and saw the man trying to get some ketchup out of HIS empty bottle...I just smiled and handed him my full bottle that I had picked up from a different table.
4	Update - Contacted by management and told they would address the service issues. Burgers are still excellent and service has improved. Will be back
3	I love Smashburger, I have gone to probably 8 different locations in Arizona and California.  Because this one is new I figure they are still working out the problems assoicated with opening a new restraunt.  The food quality is okay not as good as other locations I have been to.  I believe part of this is the staff is not up to speed and can not handle the rush of people.  I will continue to go there, but if the quality and service does not increase over time I will start driving back to the glendale location.  I love you smashburger lets get it together.
3	Long lines, long waits, high prices mehhh. I'll go to the Carl's junior across the street or red robin next time I want a burger
5	Wow!! Sooo yummy!! First time eating at Smashburger....tastiest Burger I have eaten in many years! My husband really liked the skinny fries too...I prefer thick cut fries, so I wasn't too thrilled about them.  BUT...I will go back to SMASHBURGER whenever I want the best burger in town :) You HAVE to check it out! P.S...I see in other reviews that the service was rated low....happy to report...the service was extremely good!!!!
4	I typically don't eat hamburgers when I go out to eat. I can make burgers at home, after all. And I make a pretty mean burger mind you. I like to just throw on whatever I am in the mood for at home. Avacado, spinach, egg roll, sesame roll, hot mustard, and don't get me started on all of the wonderful cheeses! Sorry, I got excited there for a moment. Let me get back to Smashburger. I bring up the customization because I can do that at Smashburger. It is nice to look up and just mix and match beyond mustard and ketchup. I have mixed and matched with everything. I have even tried Frank's Red Hot  with goat cheese. Let's just say some things are better than others but at least I have the choice. But if you get just a plain All American burger, then you are still in for a treat. Juicy, hot, and just overall sumptuous. It sounds redundant to say this, but this is a great place to get a burger.Beyond the good burgers they make a pretty good hot dog. My daughter eats them when we go there about half of the time. I am glad that she can't finish them most of t he time because Daddy doesn't believe in wasting food if you know what I mean. Make sure you grab a basket of fries as well, they are pretty darn good as well. I personally like to throw on some chili and cheese. If you are going to eat out you might as well go all the way! I haven't had a chicken sandwich here yet but my wife has eaten the black bean burger several times and likes it with some Smash Sauce. She throws on some odd sides but when you aren't eating meat, you have to get creative.I always like to put in something about the establishment and its staff. They are pretty  good to go. They can't help the fact that the line is out the door most days but they do a really good job of keeping the speed up so that the line is moving well. The facilities have been very clean each visit and I can only imagine that isn't an easy feat considering the traffic that must go through there each day. Everybody I have interacted with is very nice. They move quickly so you really can't get a word in to often. Understandable. My biggest gripe has nothing to do with the local staff and that is price. It isn't cheap but I guess it is a somewhat higher level burger joint. I could go to the McDonald's across the street if I wanted lower prices. I could also eat asphalt on a bun. I wouldn't do either.My wife just reminded me to mention the fried pickles. Yeah, she eats the weird stuff.
5	Love this place!  I get the onion strings and either the small smash urgent or the mushroom burger, yummy!  The sweet potato fries are great too!
4	I've eaten at this Smashburger a few times and I'm always pleased with my food and the friendliness of the staff.  On my most recent visit, I called ahead to pick up my family's order and we were not disappointed, once again.  We ordered a variety of menu items (and in typical 'When Harry Met Sally...' style) - a grilled chicken spinach and goat cheese sandwich (subbing the goat cheese for American & changing the multigrain bun to egg), a build-your-own burger with an egg bun, spicy chipotle mayo, pickles and onions, an order of Smashfries, an order of french fries and an order of fried pickles.  Everything was made perfectly to order and plenty of extra sauces (ranch, etc;) were provided without having to ask.  On weekends, this shop is jam packed and it's a wait to get a table, but worth it.  During the week, everything flows very smoothly and the vultures "circling" for booths is at a minimum.  I highly recommend this Smashburger location whether dining in or taking taking your meal on the go.
1	Long wait, Runs out of food. Poor management.  Waited in line 10 minutes.  Waited another 25 minutes for a togo order before they came out and said they were out of the item.  Didn't offer to expedite the order or anything.  Would have had to wait another 25 minutes.... Really?   Horrible staff and management.
5	I found this hamburger joint to be a complete delight. We stopped in more out of geographic convenience and ended up surprised at the quality and tastiness of the food. My well-done burger was juicy, carmelized, and delicious. We also tried among the table a spinach salad, regular and 'smash fries', a hot dog and a grilled cheese sandwich. From the artisan breads to fresh meats and produce, you will be pleased with your meal at this little gem in the shopping center.
4	Yum!
5	When I first went to Smashburger, I had heard of the national chain, but never had the opportunity to try it, so I was really looking forward to this experience.Let me say right off the bat that the veggie burger knocked my socks off. I usually expect a dry, flat and tasteless exercise in trying to sooth all customers, but this has great flavor, texture and lots of extras! Loved getting it on the egg bun with chipotle sauce, avocado, spinach and kosher dill pickles. The fries were fresh and tasty. Will have to go back and try one of the tempting shakes, but knew it was a bit too much for this meal.Smashburger is a bit pricier than the usual fare, but worth every bite. I highly recommend this destination.
4	1st visit to Smashburger after my wife suggested trying it. Very pleased. The food was great, it was clean with a great atmosphere. Will be back many times for sure.
5	Great service and food
5	The service was outstanding. Customer service was beyond expected especially from a burger joint. Mike and Gerson were checking on us and helped us out since it was our first time here at smash burger. Thanks to their service and the great food we will definitely be checking into the restaurant once a week. Food was amazing!  I recommend the Arizona grilled chicken
4	This place has come along since opening. They have mastered customer service and everyone there seems to be great at customer service now. Food came out in a reasonable time and it tasted great!!! Nice work Smash Burger
5	Favorite spot for high quality food during the lunch rush. These guys treat customers like family and take care of all the details to make sure your food is perfect and you enjoy your meal. I'm very impressed with the new management. This is good food, fast, that is a huge leap above "fast food"... Love it!
2	All I can say is that in my 5 visits to Smashburger, they have never ONCE got our order right (and theres only 2 or 3 of us!)The food is EXTREMELY over priced. A burger, fries, and drink will run you $11. Their fries are not good. And while their burgers are tasty, theyre just too small. 5 times was one too many. Will not be giving my money to this business anymore.
3	We tried it because our kids like it.  You will find better burgers at either In-N-out or Five Guys.  This burger doesn't compare.  It's better than a Whopper or a Big Mac, but just doesn't stack up to In-N-Out or Five Guys.In a pinch, it will work though.  This place is clean too.
4	Food was great nothing like a fresh made burger however 10$ for a meal was a little much
2	I reallly don't like the cheap meat that is made so thin that they serve.  I only experienced the hamburger, and that surely wasn't impressive by any means.  Meh....not so good.  Not going back.
2	The service was good but I was not impressed with the food. I found the burger to be salty, crumbly and messy. The fries were nothing to scream about, but then again I don't like shoestring fries. I would not recommend. I don't see the hype. I won't be back.
3	Checked on our call in order when we got in line, paid and waited. Once we noticed people that ordered after us getting their food we asked again about our call in order. .... Well it had been sitting that the whole time...and its cold..
3	Meh...keep coming back because the kids like this place, but the fries are always stale and cold, the burgers are boring and too salty for my taste. Smash burger means just that....smash the burger and all the juice is gone, and I'd rather have a juicy and tasty burger...may be good for some, but not for me.By the way, their haystack onions are delish and the employees are very nice :)I would prefer to spend my money at Five Guys though.
5	This was my first time there and was a bit skeptical of this location after the reviews. BUT my burger was fully cooked, and my fries and onion rings were freshly cooked. The whole order was out fairly quickly and the service was good! The manager checked on us in the middle of our meal to see if everything was good. The girl who took our order had a big hickey on her neck (tacky) but other than that the food was delicious and service was good :) can't wait to go here again!
4	Quite a bit overrated for the price, but all-in-all a decent burger.  The total package saves a bland patty.  Excellent shakes.They once offered a "fresh-Mex" burger variety which had enough going on to truly salvage the patty and make for a truly unique taste.  Enjoyed it twice...now it's gone.There was a tip jar by the register- totally tacky.  Why would I tip for coming to you and paying a premium price but basically getting nothing in the way of convenience to me?  Nice looking place, outdoor seating is great in mild weather.For my money though, it's In-n-Out.
4	Well what can say, Smashburger, you have been able to make a normal hamburger spectacular. I love the create your own option so I can decide what I want for day. My only complaint is that I always order Ranch to be put on burger and yet you fail every time to put it on. You have no issues with the Ketchup or Mustard but for some reason you chose to ignore the added request. Other than that I enjoy the food and will continue to come back and back again.
1	I accidentally hit one star. I would never recommend this place ever! The prices are outrageous for the food they produce. The staff did not get any of our orders right. Worst burger place I've been to in a while! My family and I will stick with Freddy's!
3	Great burger, my date liked her shake. A bit on the pricey side for two people with nothing really big or special in regards to what's offered or the quantity but good quality ingredients. I haven't gone again and found a few other burger places I personally prefer better but these folks were fine. Definitely a place to try if you're looking at new burger places.
5	Love the fresh food here: fries, condiments, & salads. I usually get a #1 w/fries. My son, being a non meat eater gets the black bean burger w/chipotle mayo & guacamole w/fried pickles. He loves this place for the veggie alternative!Service is excellent for a burger joint. They are quick to serve & quick to remove plates. Tables cleaned for the next visitor.
4	Yummm!!!! Burgers are juicy and cooked perfectly.  They have gluten free buns so we can finally enjoy a GOOD burger out. Great fries too. Can be a touch expensive (mine with fries and a drink was $12) but when you just want a no fuss great burger this is the place.
