4	Dr. Young is extremely professional, courteous and trustworthy. He has a pleasant demeanor. And not only that but the billings person and admin (Valerie) is excellent. We've had dentists who were great but who had staff that constantly made mistakes on our insurance paperwork. We were so happy to find an office where they did an excellent job both in front and in the back office. Dr. Young's dental hygienist is fantastic. She has an excellent memory, by the way. I only see her twice a year, but she seems to remember our conversations from six months ago much clearer than I. I do wish with they would order thyroid guards for use during their X-rays. We've been very pleased with Dr. Young and would recommend him to anyone who wants a good quality dentist.
5	He's a good, knowledgeable dentist who you can trust. His staff is very nice and helpful with questions.
5	I had a very pleasant experience from the time I called to book an appointment, to the time I set foot out the door.Having neglected my teeth for many years, I finally decided to get a cleaning and exam.  I had started off by going to an office near my house which had reaffirmed my distaste for dentists.  The dentist was cold, unfriendly, spent less than five minutes in the room with me, ridiculed me for waiting so long to get my teeth checked out, and made me feel like a lower class of human being for not being able to get the $1700 worth of work done I needed in one visit due to finances.  I left with frustration, shame, and worry.Though I would have much rather called off my dental work at this point, I knew that I really needed to get a cleaning and fillings or things would only get worse.  I decided to try out Dr. Young's office after finding a Valpak coupon for a free exam and x-rays.  How lucky I was to have stumbled upon this, because I have found a wonderful dentist!  I called and made an appointment, and they conveniently got me in the same day.Despite the exam being free, Dr. Young and his assistant Alice were extremely thorough and spent a lot of time with me.  He explained what I needed done, but also explained "why," which made it a lot easier to justify spending the money.  He answered all of my many questions without annoyance and was extremely friendly and personable, making conversation and talking about personal life as well.  Dr. Young created a treatment plan for me that spread out the fillings I need into multiple visits, making it easier for me to get the work done as I can afford it.I had a cleaning the same day by Chris, who was wonderful.  Instead of shaming me for putting off a cleaning for years, she made me feel good about taking the step to finally come in.  She gave me samples, taught me how to floss and brush correctly (you think at 25 I'd have this down, but apparently I've been doing it wrong!), and made sure I was comfortable.  Overall, Dr. Young and his staff are amazing and I definitely give them five stars.
