4	Excellent pasta dishes - good variety.  We really like the artwork on display on the walls.  Very comfortable place to dine with very friendly service.
5	Love this place. The food is perfectly executed rustic Italian. The gnocchi are like pillows and my husband (who is Italian) still hasn't stopped raving about his spaghetti puttanesca.  The partners who run the place are a delight. We will definitely be back the next time we are in Montreal.
5	We had dinner here on the recommendation of our hotel's concierge.  We didn't have reservations (Friday night), but although the restaurant was busy, we were seated right away.  We tried the paparadelle, penne, puttanesca, and gnocchi -- all excellent, though I think the gnocchi might have been the best of all.  Also, had caesar salad and tiramisu.  The service was friendly/attentive, and the pace of the meal was very leisurely (which I enjoyed, though some in our group called it slow).  Nice atmosphere.
4	recommended by a coworker and a seconded by locals, I really enjoyed my meal here.  very friendly and attentive staff.  the braised veal cheeks had a hint of spice and were cooked perfectly with a reasonable paired wine.  delicious!
5	A New Year's Eve we'll never forget!  Nino, Vince & Frank took us in like family, for an exceptional Italian dinner--course after course of deliciousness, delivered with spunk and charm.  Just before midnight, we wandered down Notre-Dame to the fireworks, then back for desert and dancing.  Beautiful food, beautiful people, beautiful night.
4	Saw the positive reviews and thought i should give this place a try while in town for business.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  The service was very welcoming and attentive, and we were not rushed at any point during the meal.  Everything tasted homemade, and was reasonably priced.  I would go back for the gnocchi and the roasted cauliflower soup!  Very tasty
5	We were in Montreal for the F1 races, so everywhere seemed to be busy.  The concierge at our hotel recommended it to us when we asked for Italian food.  We were sooo pleased!  We took a seat at the bar until our table was ready.  We were treated like royalty.  The owners were very friendly & interested in our trip.  They made great suggestions & the food was amazing.  My absolute favorite restaurant in Montreal!  We spent about 3 hours there in all but never lacked in service or food.  It was just that comfortable to be there.  From appetizers to dessert, we couldn't have asked for better.  Prices weren't bad either.
5	The ambience of the restaurant was warm and inviting. The owners were very friendly and engaging. And the servers were great as well. The food was amazing. The risotto was to die for. The macaroni and cheese was the best I have ever had. And the gnocchi- their signature dish- was great.My family and I loved the whole experience. And we will definitely go here again if we come back to Montreal.
5	Wow, this place is special. We had amazing service with a true Italian gentleman named Vince. We eat out a fair amount and consider ourselves foodies, we truly appreciate an outstanding meal, service, atmosphere, etc. If you are looking for exceptional service, wonderfully prepared Italian food in a very nice atmosphere, you must try Quattro! Each of the four of us in our party tried different dishes and sampled each others as well. They were all excellent! I can't imagine anyone leaving here disappointed.
5	My husband and I loved this restaurant.  We had made a reservation on a Monday night at 7pm, and by 8, it was pretty crowded in there, so it seems to be a popular place to go.We were greeted by a friendly, older gentleman, who may have been the owner.  They brought out complimentary bruschetta and bread, which were both really good.  We started off with glasses of wine and some appetizers.  Our waiter made good recommendations for the wine based on what we were getting for our entrees.  I got the grilled calamari and my husband got the grilled octopus.  Both very good, but you HAVE to try the calamari.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked.For our entrees, I ordered the pappardelle and my husband the filet mignon.  Wow.  My pasta was homemade and perfectly al dente, and my husband kept raving about how good and perfect the filet mignon was.  Perfectly medium rare.  To top it off, the price is very reasonable for the service, location, and quality of food.  Not cheap, but definitely worth it.  Wines by the glass were $9-13, appetizers about $15, and entrees about $25.
5	My wife and I were visiting Montreal for a few days, and exploring it's great culinary offerings. After 3 days of heavy meat dinners, we were looking for some authentic Italian cuisine. Stumbling across Ristorante Quattro proved to be a great surprise!We were lucky to have met Nino, the proprietor of this establishment, and right from the beginning we were welcomed and treated to great hospitality. Thank you for a great evening!The food was amazing! We started off with the Mozzarella di Bufala. We then shared the Spaghetti Amatriciana and the Porchetta, which was also very good! Finishing with the cannoli and tiramisu was the perfect ending to a great meal and evening.Inside tip: be sure to request some of Nino's spicy infused olive oil. It his creation, has a unique taste, and you will be happy that you did!
5	This place is amazing! The food tastes fantastic and looks beautiful. I also loved the atmosphere...a great place to have a romantic meal and to have dinner with friends. This place is all about passion. Nino and his staff share their passion for the quality of the ingredients, the great wine and their love of Montreal. They made us feel like family. Definitely try the fresh mozzarella. The Porchetta was tender and delicious served with wonderfully prepared roasted peppers, potato and spinach. And, you definitely need to try the chili oil! Wow amazing! It is made in house by the owner Nino himself. What a memorable dining experience!
5	Phenomenal food, great atmosphere, and friendly staff.  An unassuming facade leads you into an awesome reality.  A real 'don't miss' kind of place!  The breaded veal was spectacular and the accompanying arugula salad was unparalleled!
5	Everything about this place is wonderful. I ordered the filet mignon (medium) and it was cooked to perfection. My wife's pasta dish was also delicious. Desert was just as tasty. The staff was extremely pleasant and the ambiance was upscale yet still casual. Portion size was moderate given the high price.
5	Dinner - Nov 5, 2012Absolutely excellent.  Loved everything about dinner and the restaurant.Enjoyed the 8oz black Angus fillet Mignon served medium rare with a pepper sauce.  One of the best I ever had.  Extremely tender and flavorful.The Cesar salad was of good size and very enjoyable.  Creme Brulee was excellent too.  Service is the best, very attentive, but not overly attentive - perfect.I would return, you can't go wrong.
4	We went there in September, great food, great wine and great service.  We were a group of four. I found the tables to be well spaced, room to breath.
4	Fantastic food, service and ambiance. The owner recommended our dishes and wine. The red sauce was amazeballs!
5	Had a great dinner here on a Friday night.  We made reservations about 2 hours beforehand, but it didn't seem to fill up while were there.  Regardless, the wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  Started off with the mozzarella and tomato salad, which was fresh, and great.  I then had the penne with lamb sausage and truffle oil.  Soooo good.  I didn't want to share any of it!  Really hit the spot on a cold night and tasted great!  Finally, waited the 13 minutes for the chocolate lava cake.. totally worth it. I would highly recommend for anyone in Montreal!
4	Very friendly atmosphere and food was really good. Had great crusty bread and really fresh tomato and basil bruschetta brought to the table automatically, so ordering an appetizer seemed like overkill.  In the touristy Vieux Port area, but not a touristy place. Nice wine selection and staff able and willing to make recommendations. Best Italian I've had outside NY
5	My wife and I are from San Diego and we eat out often.  Quattro was highly recommended on Yelp, Trip Advisor, and others.  We couldn't agree more.  Nino and Frank along with other staff were very family oriented and knowledgeable about their food, wine, and the area.  The pasta, beat salad, and veal were all delicious.  They didn't push us to more expensive options, and Nino in particular lives Montreal but is also well traveled in the US and in Europe.  He also gave us recommendations to other restaurants in Montreal, told us where to go for jazz, and talked to us about Formula 1 weekend in the area since we were in Montreal for the race.  We lived the food and ambiance so much we went back for lunch on our last day!
4	Very friendly waitstaff.  I ordered calamari and mac and cheese for my main meal.  the calamari was tasty but I'm not a big fan of calamari patties.  The mac and cheese was great.  For dessert the chocolate souffle was very very good.  Great wine choices to round out the meal.
4	It was our last night out in Montreal and we wanted a special dinner so after reading reviews here we decided to come here. Had the beet salad which was very good. We also had the macaroni and cheese which my daughter loved, the gnocchi which was homemade and also very good and the risotto. The risotto was probably our least favorite. The rice was a bit undercooked bit had good flavor. One of the three owners came over and talked with us. He was very nice and shared pictures of his family with us when we mentioned we were from California. Overall the food was a little overpriced but very good and service was very good.
4	Great Restaurant, the food was exceptional as well as the service. The waiters where really nice and helpful, gave me great advice.
4	Outstanding service from ownership and staff. Food was very tasty. Top 5 italian restaurants in MTL in my opinion.
4	Good food (parppadelle & puttanesca, nom NOM), good wine,  good location.The bruschetta starter was alright, too much raw garlic imo. The service was slow and disorganised, hence the 4 stars.Too bad, better luck next time, the pasta was good enough for a second visit.
5	Listen, this is THE BEST italian restaurant. Ever. Ive been to many italian restaurants and it's my first time here, Very welcoming staff (I think it was the owner) It was my friends birthday so I reserved and the guy over the phone told me he'd take care of everything. We had mixed salad and penne-perfection. Cocktails, Then dessert with a sparkling candle for my girl's birthday. It looked like chocolat lava  or something and ice cream on the side..THANK U!
5	I'm a sucker for a great Italian spot.... but this isn't just a "good" Italian spot - It is an INCREDIBLE Italian spot. Had my birthday dinner here while visiting Montreal and this restaurant is the single thing that I am looking forward too upon my return back to Canada. The owners are so friendly and come around checking on all the tables. The food -- everything was fresh, home made and out of this world.
4	Was quite happy with this find - thanks to all the Yelper's for the great advice. We were about a 8 minute walk from this place and had a nice brisk walk there. It's right around the block from the Notre Dame basilica which is a beautiful location itself. The host was extremely friendly. I had made a reservation online about an hour before we intended to be there and received a prompt reply confirming my reservation. Turns out we didn't need it because it wasn't terribly busy. Our waitress was also very friendly and we enjoyed talking with her. The food was excellent. I had veal with Gorgonzola and it was prepared perfectly. My girlfriend had the seafood linguine which she also liked a lot - the best part being that they didnt skimp out on the seafood. We also split a tiramisu, which I'm normally not a fan of but can honestly say I truly enjoyed this one. Bill came out to be over $100 after drinks - so be prepared for an expensive time. But I would say well worth a trip of your in the area!
5	I have dined at a fair share of Italian restaurants, but this one is probably one of my new favourites. I was visiting Montreal for the weekend and my partner and I were looking for a nice night out. We decided to go for Italian food and I had read some previous reviews about this place and decided to check it out. It is a gorgeous, beautifully decorated restaurant and is the perfect setting for a romantic dinner. The food was amazingly fresh. You will most definitely walk out feeling very satisfied with the quantities. We had calamari, pappadelle pasta and probably the best Tiramisu that I've ever had here. Service was wonderful and the staff were very personable. I will remember this restaurant for the amazing ambiance, delicious food, and the charismatic staff. Prices are very reasonable and worth it for the whole experience! Men: take your partners/wives here. They will love it!
4	This was good times. At approx. $50pp with drinks, a shared appetizer, and two mains, I'd say it was a good value for the quality of food and service. We started with the roasted beets as an appetizer, which had arugula, walnut and goat cheese sprinkled on top. It was an okay dish, however, the yellow beets must have been roasted skin on because the beets were very soft. I would have preferred the beets to have been roasted skin off for a nicer texture, and it really could have complimented the soft cheese, arugula, and yes, soft walnuts. That's another thing. Toasted walnuts also could have elevated this dish. I was actually able to pick up my walnuts with a fork, which is odd. Minus one star. As mains, I had the pappardelle and my date had the gnocchi. Both were incredible and mouth watering, and I'm not even a fan of gnocchi to begin with. I won't go into too much detail except to say that these guys know pasta like my grandmothers know pasta. Plus two stars.There's an extensive wine menu with some pricey bottles, however they serve wines by the glass and actually have two beers on tap: Molson ex and Rickards red. Plus one star. Service and ambiance: not typically too important to me. As long as I'm served cordially and treated well, there'll be no complaints. The service here was great. Since the resto was nearly empty, we had quite a few servers and each did their job well. They made an unintentional error on our bill by adding four coffees to our bill instead of two, and our server corrected it right away. Plus one star.
3	I found this restaurant to be overrated. I think three stars is a fair rating. The food was good but not great. Wait staff and decor were nice.  The selection of dishes was limited and food quality did not reflect the price reasonably. Not worth the money. Your better off going to a cheaper place and eating just as well.
3	It was good, but not as good as it is expensive. The atmosphere is fine, nothing to get excited about.The calamari appetizer is really disappointing.The pasta and bison are great. The service is friendly and somewhat attentive, but not as polished as it should be for the  amount of money you are spending. Servers are dressed as if they are working at an inexpensive chain restaurant. Not chic or professional, which really brings the  vibe down.Overall, I would say the food is very good, but the experience is way overpriced.
3	My wife and I ate here on our first night in Montreal.  This place was close to our hotel and was highly recommended on Yelp.I had the cesare salad to start and it was the best part of the meal.  Fresh, crisp romaine and homemade cesare dressing, with bacon.  For mains, I had veal scalopinni and my wife had seafood linguini.  The scalopinni was not as described, in terms of the sauce, so I was a little disappointed in that.  Also, the veal was a little chewy.  My wife enjoyed her linguini but I didn't try it so can't give a review on it.
5	Love the casual and friendly vibe - the owner made everyone feel welcome and well cared for. Food was great and at a moderate price point. Highly recommend.!
5	I had the pleasure of dining here a couple of weeks ago and it was the best dinner I had while in Montreal. We are from Boston and my French is quite limited. Our waitress was absolutely fabulous. She greeted us with a warm welcome and was teaching us French words and phrases throughout the evening. The owner of the restaurant was also there and he came to our table to greet us as well. He was extremely friendly and made us feel so very welcome. Amazing service aside, the food was impeccable and the wine was perfection. We started with the caprese salad and ordered the penne with sausages and risotto for dinner... I am still dreaming about that risotto! You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't visit Ristorante Quattro while in Montreal! Buon appetito!
1	I can not describe to you how terrible my experience with this place was. I was absolutely appalled. I came in as part of a group of six and the place was empty. The fellow working asked if we had reservations, and gave us attitude when he learned that we didn't. We apologized and were about to leave when he said it was okay and he'd find room... The service was slow, he critiqued our menu selections and yelled at one of our group (who had a late lunch) for just ordering a salad. Its not like he needed to up-sell, we all were drinking as well. After being there for an hour, I asked our server if the food would be out soon, as we had an event to get to. A nearby table of two who were seated well after us got their meals a full 15 minutes before we did. The food was adequate. A  bit saltier than it needed to be, but good. I would have probably enjoyed it if I weren't so bamboozled by the behavior of the fellow working there. We ate quickly.  When we asked for the bill, I indicated to the server that there something wrong on my bill and then tried to act like it was my fault. At this point I was a bit short with him. Not unkind, but losing patience. Let me preface what comes next by saying that I did leave a tip. After I'd settled and my friends were in the process of doing the same, I stepped outside to let others know we were done dinner. Once I was out of earshot, the server remarked to my friends that I was a bitch.The waitstaff called me a bitch. To my friends. We left absolutely incredulous. Never again.
4	Stumbled into this restaurant on our first night in Montreal out of the pouring rain.  We were a party of 6 and we did not have a reservation.  The restaurant was packed and we were not too hopeful that we would get in.  However, the manager/host (super friendly guy) quickly ran off to see if he could set-up a table for 6.  We were pleasantly surprised that he could seat us.  As one of the starters (on the house) he brought out some bruschetta that was very good.  Tons of flavor and it did not disappoint.  We knew if the starter was this great that the meal should hopefully be fabulous.  For our main entrees the table chose the following:- Veal Milanese- Papperdelle (Ceaser to start - fantastic salad)- Chicken Pesto Pasta Special- Penne - Truffle/Sausage- Chicken Special with sundried Tomatoes (and Italian Bean/Pasta Soup to start)They also had a great selection of wines.  Overall we had a great time and the food, service and ambience was just perfect.
5	One of the best meals I've had in a long time. The house-made Cesar dressing was simply perfect. Service was great. I mean really great, these people know what they're doing. Veal scaloppini was delicious. The wine selections were spot on. And the staff's wine recommendations matched both my taste and my meal. I'm coming back here every time I'm in Montreal.
5	The most amazing Pasta you will ever have!  My server Chantal who was terrific (ask for her) recommended their penne version of Macaroni and Cheese and it was the best I have ever had.  The caesar salad was to die for. Terrific dining experience in a beautiful city!  I will definitely go back the next time I'm in town.
