4	We have several friends who live here and have been very impressed with both the care and the personalized service offered by the entire staff!I guess what makes this place special is that it's not-for-profit, but that doesn't mean it doesn't offer a quality experience.From their web site:"People often say, "There's just something so different about Westminster Village." At first glance, it's hard to put your finger on what makes our community so special."Perhaps it's the friendly smiles you see around every corner . . . the infectious laughter that rises above the spirited conversations among old and new friends. . . or the warm embrace that reminds us family is near."So, when is a senior living facility fashionable?  When it has a good location, good services, and offers an upscale living here in the valley.  Westminister Village does just that!I would live here.
5	I am amazed at the quality and luxury of this place. My 82 yr old mother moved in about 3 months ago and is the happiest I've seen her in years! Enjoying  the great living spaces, wonderful staff and fabulous food, she has made new friends and tells me about all the activities she is participating in.  I wish I were old enough to get a plac e here!!
5	My Mother has lived at Westminster for over 5 years.  It has been the very best experience possible.  The staff have been tremendously helpful and caring.  When the time came to transition from independent to assisted living, they demonstratedgreat caring and patience in helping her through that lifestyle change.  Every department from Marketing, Home Health, Nursing, Housekeeping and more have continued to offer every assistance.  Our entire family would not hesitate to highly recommend this wonderful caring community.
5	My parents....both of which are 92.....moved to WMV two years ago. They could not be more pleased.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. They have nurses on drugs walking around in a zombi like state. nurses that have been in drug rehab several times an handing out patient meds. ......This place is run bad.
