4	Unimposing decor and not-over-loud music make this Italian eatery a decent destination if you're staying at the Monte Carlo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/5iSmZO0SrKU6EoXK_1M8Kw?hrid=Whqii9JW7q3XE1hVsNx3Pw).  Greasy breadsticks are served in a glass with dipping oil (we asked for balsamic) but no bread plates, so we made a mess with crumbs.  The bruschetta and market salad were good (both with no cheese).  The tomatoes on the caprese were underripe.  The steak was overpriced, but came with fat potato wedges and a small bed of spinach.Vegan report: The bean soup has chicken stock in it.Other Monte Carlo restaurants include:* Andre's Monte Carlo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg)* Monte Carlo Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/V9klA6JGT6Fz2UpVP_7sBw)* Dragon Noodle Company (http://www.yelp.com/biz/5VXlHFrYZZzj7zfZEsz5nQ?hrid=MxhxTquKMr4DI2QE3IZcCw)* Monte Carlo Pub & Brewery* Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/-JfncbVURtvuzBbof40o1w?hrid=MLe5OT6nlKSseKc7yWAuCw)
2	I wasn't impressed at all with Market City. I give it two stars for the manager who sat us and made sure our water glass was filled at times. Our waiter didn't even see us when we sat down (apparently another party so big was blocking our table). He didn't really pay any attention to us either, when we needed the check. And my chicken pasta was quite dry. It actually tasted like chalk. But the rest of the pasta was ok.
4	With the unexciting and unrevealing name and the tiled "pizza" and "pasta" words in the decor, we weren't expecting anything but to keep walking on past as we skimmed Market Street Caffe's menu while staying recently at the Monte Carlo hotel. It was the antipasti bar that caught our eye, pleased our palate, and brought back memories of excellent pizzerie in Italy. That our meal was so unexpectedly near-authentic and pleasing for its simplicity in a city so inauthentic and overblown I had to bump this review up a star. For about $20 a person, not including drinks, we each enjoyed our own wood fired pizza and a couple trips to the antipasti bar. (Though one can make as many trips to the antipasti bar as one pleases.) The "appetizer" vegetable dishes were very fresh-tasting and simple, with options from the light and refreshing, like fennel with grapefruit, to the more pungent, like roasted garlic with oil-cured olives, and many options in between. In the middle of February to enjoy produce that tasted this well was a sensual delight. The pizze were appropriately simple. If they could have delivered a thin Roman-style crust like we ordered, with the edges charred from the fire, I would have raved even more than I'm doing. Still, the Neopolitan-style crusted pizze were quite delicious in their simplicity contrasted against the vegetable delights from the bar. Given the many amazing gastronomically elite restaurants in this area of the Vegas Strip, it was a pleasure to enjoy such an unexpectedly satisfying if simple Italian meal to our senses for this price. Market Street Caffe, besides changing its name, could still improve in the little details --like the quality of the breadsticks, oil and balsamic that greet you as you sit down to a table-- to further make this a stellar gem of an eatery. Even still I will definitely visit again for its antipasti and pizze, and perhaps even to try its "fancier" dishes.
3	went her for a very late dinner. i ordered the bowtie lamb ragu and it was ok. my wife ordered the shrimp in the picture above. I tried it and the first bite was a 5. but she gave me a 2nd and 3rd bite from different shrimp. the 2nd bite tasted gross like the grill and the 3rd bite was blah. So i dont know what was up with that.
4	We visited this place for brunch and was seated at this booth in an alcove.  It was nice & intimate, but service was slow (thankfully we weren't in a rush to get anywhere).  I'm a huge fan of panini & immediately knew what I wanted - the Panini Di Melanzane (eggplant).  When I received it, I was both disappointed & amazed.  It wasn't a grilled panini like I'm used to, but it was a large sandwich (possibly 10-12 in) that tasted delicious!
5	I went there for dinner on a Tuesday night and it was about half full.  Had no problem getting a table and was ok with us being just casually dressed.  From looking at the place I figured it was just a middle of the road Italian place where we could get a halfway decent pizza and a pasta dish that didn't make me want to vomit.To my surprise the food was exceptional.  Our waiter was very accomodating and suggested some specials,which I took advantage of and ordered a dish which I think was called Chicken Arigosta.  It was chicken breast wrapped in lobster with a lobster sauce and vegtables.  I tried a piece of their pizza which was excellent as well.Everything was reasonably priced, the service was great, and the food was fantastic.
3	We had a large group there, about 20-30.  It was a three course thing where everyone shares.  The salad with the eggplant and bacon wrapped shrimp and calamari was fantastic.  The bolognese pasta was good.  Marsala chicken was crap, but that was probably the only thing I didn't like.  I have no idea what it cost because someone else paid.  Pretty good place.  Not outstanding.
3	This place has so much potential but its always a ghost town whenever I go. Hidden inside the quiet Monte Carlo Hotel is Market City Cafe which is a transplant from the San Gabriel Valley in California. Its a pretty decent northern italian cuisine but the prices are way out of whack! Spaghetti bolognese and the lasagna are my favs but def not worth the prices. I give this place a 81/100...could of been higher if not the high priced food
1	My friends and I went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning... and it was one of the most horrible experiences ever.First of all, it should NEVER take 45 minutes to get breakfast.  Wanna know why?  Because that stuff is premade in the kitchen!  We should've known not to eat here after it took about 20 minutes for someone to take our order.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, which SOUNDED amazing, but it was really disgusting.  Who drips honey on chicken? :(  Let's see what else sucked here... Oh, they spilled a bunch of syrup on the floor and then tried to wipe it up with a napkin... they brought out your food, and then a minute later--brought out your bill.  No one refilled our glasses of water.  And they ignored you the whole time... until they brought your bill out (so they could remind you to tip big :P).All in all a horrible experience.  With so many wonderful restaurants on the strip, there is no way I would come back here.
