4	Ooh this place was super crowded when I went here. Sure it was a weekend and a Saturday but wow oh wow I didn't expect tso many folks inside the store.They were giving out 20% coupons to everyone who entered the store. All the new styles were up at the front  but  I made my way to the back after seeing that there seemed to be more people there. It turns out at the back of the store is where they have their specials. There were bags with extra discounts there. The only thing is they have only have a certain amount of each style and so it's a pretty wise idea to grab the bag if you're eyeing it. Otherwise someone else may end up grabbing it.The Coach personnel working at the store were pretty friendly too. One lady approached me and asked if I was being helped. She said that she would bring one of the associates over to help me pick out the style I wanted. I told them the color and style I was looking for and they were able to quickly find it and point it out to me.I ended up with two Coach bags out of my trip here. I did notice however that some ladies had up to ten bags that they wanted to purchase hehe. The lines at the register were pretty long but the lines moved quickly. As I was about to step out of the store, I noticed that the bag I picked out was the wrong size that I wanted. I mentioned this to the guy who had helped me at the register. I asked if I had to go back in line. He said I didn't have to go back in line again and he quickly helped me with the exchange and getting the correct size.All in all, I left one happy girl :). One cannot help love Coach.
4	That's it! I've decided I am updating my @Coach review :)I love this place. After checking out other designer bag stores, I have come to realize that the Coach outlet has the best deals and the cutest stuff. There prices are so much better that your average department store prices and they have all kinds of cool things here at the outlets.Once again they were giving out the 20% coupons to those who entered the store. This coupon combined with some of there other discounts will lead to some awesome deals.It is always crowded here but it's never a problem to navigate you way through the store. Like my first trip here I have to again comment on how friendly the Coach personnel were. You definitely will be helped if you need it. They are willing and eager to help you find what you are looking for. Once you are ready to pay you will need to stand in line but the lines always move quickly because they always have plenty of cashiers.If you're not into purses or bags, they also sell sunglasses, scarves, umbrellas and shoes here. There is something for every girl!This store is definitely my favorite of all the outlet stores at the Premium Outlets. I will for sure be making a stop here everytime. Cute stuff + Great prices + Friendly folks to help you out. = a happy place to go shop.
4	Since moving to a bigger location near the other designer handbag brands (Kate Spade, Dooney & Bourke, Michael Kors, LeSportsac), it seems less crowded and hectic, but you will still see asian tourists carrying large bags (indicating large purchases) from this very store. You are greeted with friendly faces as you enter the store- the employees are crisply dressed in black and white (the uniform), and from time to time, will offer you a "20% off your entire purchase" coupon. Since it is larger, there are lots of products here- wallets (saw some for $39), coin purses (saw some for $25), wristlets, travel pieces, clothing, and the big attraction: purses- hobos, satchels, crossbody (saw some for $79), small ones (saw some for $79), mid-size ones (I saw a nice mid size black leather hobo shoulder bag for $119), and large ones in a rainbow of colors (making women who like handbags, feel like a kid in a candy store). If you go to the very back, there are a couple sections that have bags at 50% off the red-marked prices (red penned price indicates marked down price from retail price). Usually you will see employees with calculators with customers (final push to buy?) but that helps the customers decide on the purchase. Just because this is an outlet store with lower than retail prices, this in no way indicates that these handcrafted Coach leather products are damaged (no rips, holes, or stains- you won't see that here)- just past season inventory (and there's nothing wrong with that). A designer bag shopper's heaven- come here and you'll see why.  Choosing the perfect bag might be hard with all the variety of goods found here. Crazy busy during Christmas time.
4	I've been to several Coach Outlets, from Vacaville to Petaluma to Gilroy to Las Vegas and who knows where else, but Las Vegas is definitely my favorite.  Not only do they have a bigger selection, but the girls that work here are definitely more friendlier than at the other locations.  They don't act all snobby and look at you like you can't afford anything inside the store.  They're attentive and eager to help.  I've spent many thousands of dollars on Coach and this would be one of my favorite place to spend it if it were closer to home.
4	This place is always packed. They usually have 20% off coupons that they give you at the door. Customer service is good.
5	Coach. You are amazing. You have amazing products and sales people. I visit one of you anytime I can. This time I stepped out of my comfort zone and bought a jacket. I maybe have never loved a jacket this much. Thank you for being consistently kick ass at every location.
4	Original price: $348Sale price + tax: $155Need I say much more? Probably not. I got an amazing cream leather bag for $200 off because they hand out 30% off coupons upon entering. It has a good amount of stock so there is a style for almost everyone.
4	I decided it was time for me to get a decent purse, so I headed over to the Coach outlet. I found a very nice light gray purse and matching wallet. The purse was on clearance for 40% off and I got a coupon for an additional 30% off when I walked in. After I bought the purse, my wife told me how glad she was I got it, and how much she had HATED my old purse. I never knew how much she disliked my old purse until I got my Coach purse. Now every time I wear my new purse, she tells me how happy she is for me that I got it. :-)
4	This Coach Store always, always, always has a ton of people in it. It does not matter what day, what time, what holiday, etc. It is always packed, no matter what. I guess the slashed prices on their purses will have that effect on people. I have been here on countless occasions. Most recently I went in search of a new handbag and succeeded in my journey. I bought one of their new bags and used the 20% coupon given to me upon entering. They ALWAYS give out the percentage coupons. I've never been in here when they haven't.It is what it is. If you go in, make sure to expect the hustle-bustle of a bunch of people and be forewarned: there may be lines you have to wait in. If you can just take it easy and not get irritated it's a great place to get a cheap purse. After all, Coach really isn't all its cracked up to be these days with many other designer purses pulling ahead of them in the game. Still, I like them for what they are - a designer purse anyone can have.
5	This store is pretty well kept by the employees and is pretty big. The discounts are average for an outlet store (Just like the ones here in SD) and the employees were pretty friendly and nice :)I ended up going in and out in less then 30 minutes, and I walked out with a great purse for $207 and an awesome scarf for about $60.. good deals =)
2	I've been to Coach outlets in California & have always been given coupons to use upon entering the store. I was disappointed I was just greeted with a hello here at Las Vegas. I could have gotten the exact same clutch back home with an additional 30% off. Oh well...what happens in Vegas!
5	The employees are nice and helpful. Good amount of selection here. There are chairs in the corners of the store for the guys waiting for their girlfriend or wife to finishing shopping.
4	I'm a sucker for the Coach outlet store. I don't like outlet malls typically, but I can never seem to enter this store without buying something unfortunately. On this occasion, I was trying to find a gift for my mom's birthday and my fella and I were each able to find something for her. Service is always really friendly and helpful. Despite the crowds, I'm always approached by a sales associate that will go above and beyond to help me find what I'm looking for.
4	Oh Herro beautiful Coach bag!Ahhhh how I love Coach! Alas Im usually a broke azz bish or just wayyy too cheap! This day I went in and was given a 30% off coupon! Plus they took off 10% off the total after the first coupon then another 10% off in addition to the 50% off original price of my clearance bag! Its weird how they do it but whatever, I got a 268$ purse for 57$!!Its a large store, but beware of the clearance area! Bishes be crazy! You have to basically grab whatever you can then actually look at it in the safety of a corner or be ready to shank someone so they dont take it away from you! LOL JK! But they are out for blood! Anywho, they have a ton of employees around with their little calculators and are ready to assist you! Just remember, stand your ground! LOL.Store is clean, organized by color and season, and theres a huge line for more than 3 and less than 3 items! SCHWING! Ill be back this Thursday or Friday to see what else I can score!Go check out the clearance section first!
4	Although this store is often mobbed with people, I still don't mind sifting through the masses to find a killer deal. The best part is that they hand out coupons as you walk in. The coupons range from 30% to 50% off usually. This visit I was handed a 50% off coupon on handbags. If you like Coach, you'll love this outlet store.
5	This is a great store.  Not only do they always have sales, but they have a pretty good selection for both men and women.  Service here is always good too...they always remember me and the little guy, and they are always friendly and helpful...and not the helpful because they wanna sell you crap...the genuine kind.I really like the Coach style, and it's not crazy expensive like some other brands out there.  On the men's side, I have picked up all my luggage and baby bags from here, as well as shoes, jackets, and accessories like belts, bottle openers, keychains etc.On the womens side, I would like to not think about all the purses I've wasted money on lol...another day, another life.  Let's look forward to the future!
4	This place is cray. Be careful and don't get run over!I'm usually a Coach snob. Meaning that I used to only shop at the regular Coach stores because I wanted the latest and greatest. However, I haven't bought anything from there in 2013. Why? because their bags have gotten very boring. Every time I go to look, I only see solid colors around the store, and I prefer the ones with prints on them (like the Signature or the Madison op art). Recently, I have been shopping here and discovering that the stuff is A LOT better. The sales are great and there are so many items to choose from. Plus, I'm saving money! I also like how the employees aren't annoying and won't follow you around like the ones at the regular Coach stores. The only downside is how crowded this place gets. People can get crazy and sometimes its hard to move around the store.My advice is, if you see something that you really like, buy it now! Most likely, it won't be here the next time you come back!
5	This is one of those stores I never stop loving!  Handbags are my favorite and handbags from Coach are beautiful, stylish, and durable.  I can always find something that I don't want to leave without here.   I usually get the additional 30% off coupon when I walk in, and that's on top of the sale price.  If they're not offering when you're there, just go back another time.  The employees are very friendly and helpful.  They're always happy to calculate the bottom line for me when I'm on the fence (which is necessary when they're offering a percentage off and giving you an additional 30% off on top of that... doing math in my head - not my thing).  Try to go to this location on a weekday morning.  It's the only time I've ever to been able to shop without the hassle of bumping into someone every 2 feet.
5	I love Coach, and this store has been my favorite for nearly 10 years. Great help, great bags.
5	Very nice selection! I went to buy my mom a purse and found several to choose from. Out of all the Coach outlets I've visited this has the nicest selection. I found several accessories and a purse to purchase! Very impressed!
