1	Be careful. I brought my Seiko chronograph watch in for a battery replacement and was told that my watch needed $169.00 in repairs. I know that the watch worked fine when I put it into my watch box after getting a new watch. It stayed in the mounted position in the box for a year or more never being worn and the battery ran down. So here is the scam that the young man backed by his family cheats you with. They take a watch like mine $450.00 new and worth $X now and they tell you, "oh this and this is wrong it will cost $X and take 2-3 weeks to get the parts from the factory" . They told me this story and I trusted them as a long time battery replacement customer. Low and behold I get a call in 5 days saying, "the watch is ready to pickup for $169.00". I ask how did you do it so fast? "we had the parts in the store". What about the factory ordered parts and the 2-3 weeks? What were the parts replaced? Can I see the broken parts. They say, "the tech (the son of owner) isn't in to ask and he doesn't talk to customers. He's back of the shop and I'm front of the shop". I called several times to get the true story without help. Things like this throw up red flags. Long story short. Don t let these schemers do any work for you. If you go in for a battery and are told this and this is broken then leave the shop with your watch and go elsewhere. These guys burned a 19 year battery replacement customer. I let them keep the Seiko and bought a brand new replacement for $40 less than Norm's (the rip-off thieves) wanted for allegedly overhauling and repairing my Seiko watch. Stay away from this family run den of thieves. I warn you.
5	I have been using Norm's Watch Repair for years! They have always done a professional job at a fair price. I have had some big and small problems with my watches and they have taken care of it with no problems. I will continue to use Norm's in the future
5	Feels like a small town watch repair shop.  Simple solutions to seemingly complex problems.  Refreshing.  I highly recommend.
5	I got a Rado watch for X-Mas and needed the band adjusted. Due to the value of the watch I wanted a reputable service to address. After searching yelp I decided to use Norm's Watch Repair. I called them to confirm hours, cost and that I could walk-in for service and then headed there. After they had my watch for a few minutes two people came to the front stating that they had never seen a band like mine before. They assured me they have addressed bands for other Rado watches, but were concerned my watch required a special tool. And to make the situation more interesting the band has a plastic liner attached on the inside and they did not want to try anything for concerns of breaking the plastic liner.I can respect Norm's for their professionalism and honesty. I think other places may have tried to address the band to get the $10 charge from me and could have done more damage than good costing me more in the long run.The story does not end there, and this is where they get a 5 star rating from me without doing any work on my watch. :) They kept apologizing to me for the situation knowing I had called in advance and then driven a bit to their shop. They then handed me a card for a "free watch battery or $10 off my next service".Although, Norm's did not work on my watch they have my business in the future. They were honest with me and exceeded expectations by showing my time had value and giving me the discount card.
5	Thank goodness there are still establishments like Norm's!!Great, old-school, this-is-all-we-do shop with honest service and meticulous workmanship. I've been a customer for over 20 years. Do yourself a favor & see Norm's if you have the need for watch repair!Mark B. In Chandler.
5	These guys are pro's. Very knowledgeable and they won't rip you off. Thank goodness there are still mom and pop shops like this around. Honest, independent shops like this need our support so next time you're thinking the heck with it I'll just buy a new watch check these guys out. They'll save you money and keep your watch going instead of taking up space at the landfill.
5	These folks are AWESOME! Great customer service and very friendly. Honest people. If you are looking for some cool pieces or need something repaired this is your spot. Gotta love the small mom and pop shops that are still around. Check them out!
5	I took 4 watches to be repaired & it was only $8 per watch. This place is family owned and has awesome speedy service.  I was in and out in 10 mins!
5	I walked in with my Tissot Chronograph that wasn't working properly.  She fixed the chronograph, no charge.  I asked to have a new battery put it.  Done in less than 5 minutes.  As good as it gets!
5	all i can say is...brad is da man at norm's watch repair in mesa, az!!  he fixed my "light up" lighter that i had originally bought in vegas!  he worked very hard on it and got it to light up again by installing new batteries, reattached the "lid" and even got it to "flame" up!  he charged me a very nominal fee for all his hard work and insisted on fixing it maticulously and only then could i pick it up!  these guys are very honest and trustworthy and i will take all of my repairs to them from now on!!!  thank you again, brad! you rule!!!sincerely, sandra e. :)
