1	Terrible service. Old burger, to go with my old fries. They have two drive thru lanes. Cashier at window didn't know what I ordered. Paid then drove to window 2. The idiot behind the window opens window. Doesn't say a word and stares at me with a disgusting look, expecting me to tell him what I ordered. I ask for ketchup, he rolls his eyes(now I'm really killing him by asking him to actually I'd his job) Yes you've set the bar so low you can only see your butt holes McD workers! No wonder Chick Filet is kicking your butt. And no your lame spicy chicken can't compete. It's as bad as the service here.
5	Nice clean ambiance like and other McDonald's. Less crowded and pleasant staff
1	This is absolutely the WORST fast food restaurant in Charlotte.  I usually excuse these restaurants for their lack of service and quality because I don't expect much.  Because of the proximity of this store, I have given it several chances.  Well, this time I'm done for good!  Over the past 2 years I have lived close to this store they have got my order wrong more than 5 times, ice cream machine broke twice, and forgot me in the drive thru waiting bay twice.  This past week, I sat in my car for over 20 minutes waiting on french fries to get done.  It doesn't take 20 minutes to cook fries.  And no less than 12 cars were served after me.  I went in and got my money back.  I would probably still be there if I had not let them know.  The proprietor of this store really needs to get the ship right.  They've lost me for good!
1	I agree with most of the other reviews here... This is absolutely the worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my entire life!Took the kids to the drive-through place my order, then when I got to the window because we had an extensive order I asked her to repeat it back to me, one of them was wrong I have corrected it and went paid, go to the window get the food have to wait 5-10 minutes for it then we get home it's all wrong..... Completely wrong.This crap is already horrifically unhealthy but to not get what you ordered? U acceptable.
