1	Not very happy with the "system" they have. I normally go to Kid to Kid but thought I would give this store a try since its right across the street from my house. I dropped items off 3-4 weeks ago and have been calling the store for the past 4 days only to be told that they don't know if my stuff has been sold! I've been told by employees and the manager herself I'd receive a call back from the manager and have yet to get that call back. Instead I've had to call everyday for 4 days only to be told that they still don't know what's going on. Needless to say I will be picking my items up today and heading straight to Kid to Kid!2:19 PM I just got home from Kiddie Kloset US and let me say it was a HORRIBLE experience! As I walked in I was greeted in a friendly manner, once I stated my name the owner's attitude changed. Her answers were rude and curt as if I were a hassle. I did not go in yelling and screaming but after speaking with Julie left shaking, crying and upset. Julie has recently found out some bad news about her spouse and decided to let me know what was going on in her personal life and then take it out on me....the customer. I informed her that as a business owner she should be doing everything in her power to change the negative experience I've had into a positive one. She stated "you've already told me that you wrote a bad review about the store why would I try to be nice to you?". The system they are working with right now (pen and paper) is obviously not working! When I stated that she then went on to tell me how much she would have to pay for a system. I'm not a cold hearted person and I am sorry that she is having a hard time right now, but that does not mean she has the right to treat her customers the way she treated me today. I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN AND I RECCOMEND THAT OTHERS TAKE CAUTION WHEN "SELLING" YOUR ITEMS HERE!
5	Wow, this store is fantastic. I've done some shopping here for friends who are about to have their own kids and I am SO excited to be coming here again in the future! I'm constantly amazed at how clean Kiddie Kloset is - I never have to wonder whether or not I'll find stains on the clothing that I buy when I get home; everything is always in such wonderful condition, it's like it's never been used at all before. I love that the toys are always clean and tested before customers see them, so there's no guess-work involved. The prices are phenomenal and the staff always greet me with a smile. Plus, they're SO well organized - there aren't any questions about where I can find the sizes that I'm looking for, and I love it! Talk about one-stop shopping!
5	I love this place and the staff that works there. The items stocked are clean, current and well laid out.  Great selection, priced right and staff that is friendly, knowledgeable and available.  I only wish they were closer to my home!  If you are looking for nice, comfortable clothing for your children that is affordable this is the place.
3	My daughter grows so fast I would be crazy to buy all her cloths new.  Kiddie Kloset was recommended by a friend so I decided to check it out:  the selection is small & a lot of items are pretty worn out but I found a few hidden gems.  It wasn't a wasted trip but I'll continue to get my baby cloths from MoxieJean.com instead ( Moxie Jean may be online but the quality, prices, and selection is far superior to anything else I've found even with shipping charges factored in).
