3	Updated:Well, I've been back to Tottie's since I first posted this review.  A few friends who like it made me go.  Much to my surprise, I enjoyed it.  It's no Malee's for Thai, for example, but it's decent.  If you frequent the area for lunch, definitely check it out.  Who knows, you may like it more than me.Original Review:While the food wasn't terrible, I found the sesame chicken and cashew chicken to be bland.  And, the chicken itself was too chewy.  I've had worse, but not by much.
5	May 19, 2008THIS IS NOW CALLED TOTTIE'S ASIAN FUSION. SAME FABULOUS OWNERS. EXPANDED DIGS. MORE SUSHI. Can't wait to check it out!Bland strip mall location does not equal bland experience. Do not be leary of an Asian restaurant that covers Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. Normally that would scare me off. The room is full of well kept plants and the obligatory bamboo plants. The staff is uber friendly. This is probably due to the owners who go out of their way to know regulars names. I hadn't been there in months and Tottie remembered both me and my partners names. You MUST have the Tottie Spring Rolls....perfectly fried thin skinned yet plumply filled rolls served with large leaves of lettuce, fresh mint and cilantro along with fish sauce. The cool of the produce with the hot of the roll is so yummy I eat four and my partner eats four. I love the Thai section so far. I don't remember the name of what I've ordered recently but it had the best "fun" noodles with veggies and chicken....dee lish!The owner/chef checks on tables, is a dee lite and extremely personable lady. The menu is large and deserves exploring. Also a must order is an appetizer of chicken served over a fire with sugar sticks. Unreal. This is truly a warm and loving place.
5	Shanghai Palace, better known to her regulars as simply "Tottie's," is Asian Fusion fused in all the right places. She holds her food up to the highest standard and will give you a hard time (personally) if you try to subvert that effort. My favorite story is of when my roommate (GUILTY - we lived at San Tropez apartments and walked there three of the six days that place was open) went to get some soup "to go" and she made him sit there and enjoy her soup, refusing to put it in a styrofoam container to go. "You eat here. Too much trouble. Soup TOO good TO GO. Tastes better sitting down..."Tottie: You rock my socks! Since visiting Shanghai Palace, I've been comparing every Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese restaurant to it. And i fear I'll never stop.Momentous taste-flavor sensations: The Spring Rolls ...any of themTom Ka GaiMongolian BeefCurry ChickenSweet & Sour Chicken
4	Formely known as Shanghai Palace, this small southeast Scottsdale restaurant has undergone som big changes.  Chef and owner Tottie Kaya, along with her husband have been tirelessly working on the expansion for months unbeknownst to the ordinary diner.  In 2008, the wall that separated the old part of the restaurant from the brand new portion was knocked down.  This has made Shanghai Palace, now known as "Tottie's Asian Fusian", more than twice it's size.  The renovations include warm orange and red colored walls along with specially designed furniture and a gorgeous suspended crystal sculpture.  The cuisine has expanded as well.  A brand new Sushi Bar featuring authentic Japanese creations by a separate Japanese chef is soon on it's way.  The beer and wine selections will also make way for a full bar as soon as Tottie's liquor liscense arrives.  If you like things on the spicy side, make sure to ask for Totti'e special hot sauce made from lime and chili's she grows herself!  The prices are just right the food is prepared fresh and of utmost quality and the Chef is ready to greet our guests with excellent service.  Please consider Tottie's Asian Fusian for families and anyone else seeking great asian cuisine without the hype!
4	Updated 4/13/2008I've been back to Tottie's three times since I first reviewed it, and its gotten better with every single visit.  Tonite was no exception.Panang Curry: Must have if you do curry.  The vegetables are cut with care, and done to perfection.  Bamboo shoots, squash, and all. Tofu is great.  Chicken is fantastic, too.  The beautifully grown basil garnish could be the best part, too.  I love basil, and if you do too - you're in luck.  Tonight my basil was purplish green with a dusting of silver.Pad Kra Pao: Must have, too.  Stir fried chicken w/Thai basil in chili sauce, onions, red bell peppers & bamboo shoots.  Again, the vegetables were sliced and prepared with great care.  Excellent fragrance. Large portion.Edamame. 3 bucks & change.  Always nice.Do yourself a favor, too - and get the ice cream.  Tonight there were 10 custom flavors.  Peanut Butter, Lychee, Ginger, Apricot... can't remember them all. Our choice: Avocado.  Out of this world.  And the wafer? To die for.As Roland W. recently wrote, I'm still somewhat up in the air, too, but tonite's performance may have convinced me that Tottie's is figuring out their new groove, and gettin' it.I'll be back - for sure.  And every other time it's gonna be the Panang, too...(Below is my earlier review posted from earlier this year: 2/08/2008)Also going to mention that this place was formerly known as Shanghai Palace.  Same owners, new restaurant is twice the size.So what is Tottie's take on Asian Fusion?  Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Thai.  Not really fusion, though... They just have a large menu that includes all four different cuisines.While I've only visited once, and it was for lunch, I was disappointed to discover that the lunch specials are limited to Chinese dishes.  I went in hoping for Thai and had to settle for Kung Pao Chicken.  Additionally, there was only one vegetarian option on the lunch menu, and there are few veg options on the regular menu.I will say that the lunch portion was well above-average in size, and it was good, however the hot and sour soup was a little iffy...In conclusion, I'm looking forward to giving Tottie's another shot for some Thai food, but I won't be returning for the lunch special anytime soon... nice place, though!  And the owner is nice, friendly, and approachable!  Cheap for lunch, too!... if you like-a the meat.
4	I was in Scottsdale for a week for business and was yelping restaurants for lunch and this little place came up.  I've eaten here twice:  once to go, and once dine-in - both for lunch.  I was very busy the first time so I took back some Kung Pao.  It was pretty good, but possibly the least spicy I've ever had.The second time I went with 3 other coworkers that same week because I wanted to give some appetizers and other dishes a try.  We ordered the chicken lettuce wrap (aka "Sugar Cane Chicken") for appetizers, tried the hot & sour soup, and ordered the Beef Pad Kee Mow.  The chicken lettuce wraps were very good and also fun to make.  They bring in a miniature grill with flames and all, where you can warm your chicken, before putting it in the lettuce, mint, noodles, cucumber and cilantro.  Very tasty too!The soup was nothing to write home about, but I didn't really expect it to be.   The Pad Kee Mow was actually very good.  I ordered it spicy, and again was surprised at how little spice was in it.  It was great but could have been more spicy.  They need to utilize a different rating system: Medium, Spicy, and Extra Spicy.  I go to Thai places in OC where the "medium" spice blows away Tottie's "spicy."  This doesn't mean I didn't like it, it's just that I love the spice, baby.I highly recommend going here for lunch.
5	Great place! The Chirashi was awesome, as was all the sushi we tried (5 stars for actually having Chirashi on the menu). Definitely one of the best sushi joints in town.
5	I went with the positive reviews from here and I'm glad that I did.My mother is visiting from San Diego and both she and I were impressed (and that's difficult in south Scottsdale because we're both fans of fresh, authentic, spicy, flavorful fare).Great tom kai kai, pad thai and shrimp with black bean sauce.  I don't eat pork so I didn't try the raved-about eggrolls, but we did partake in the 'regular' eggrolls which were cripsy, tasty, if average.  We splurged and had the home made coconut ice cream and fried bananas (drizzled with honey and sprinkled with chopped peanuts).  Worth it.  Delicious.A delightful experience, the owner(s) both asked if we were enjoying ourselves, warm, excellent service, comfortable booths and thoughtful dining ambiance (once inside).Try it once and you'll find your newest favorite restaurant for an asian food hankering.
2	I gotta say, I might be the only one, but I just wasn't that blown away with this place.  Having just moved to the area, I was very excited to find out we had a sushi joint within a mile of our home.  I was even more excited when I read the other reviews on here.  Of course, no one reviewed the sushi yet.We has been in the pool all day and were looking for something that we could bring back home.  We stopped in, grabbed a sushi menu and headed for the waiting area framed by this amazing crystal dragon.  We spent about 5 minutes just discussing this dragon and how much we wanted to touch it but were sure we would ruin it and the Tottie's SWAT would come looking for us.  After reviewing the menu I noticed that the selection was much smaller than some other places.  We opted for 4 rolls and salmon nigiri.  We waited around for awhile and I think the hostesses forgot about us because they finally walked back to check on someone else, saw me and said Oh!  You're sushi is ready at the front.  We grab it, pay $42 and head home - less than 2 minutes.I get home to see that the sushi is small - smaller than what you get at the grocery store with very very little actual fish in it.  The avocado was turning slightly brown (probably from the wait up front) and it just didn't make me say Wow at all.  We ate it (well, most of it) because we were hungry but I have to say I don't think I will be getting sushi from there again.  Maybe it was an off night, I just wouldn't recommend it.  Expecially not for that price.  I would have been better going off to Ra.  However, its cute inside and I like the crystal dragon so they get 2 stars.  Maybe I'll go back sometime and try some of the other food people are raving about.
3	Not sure what all the hype is about... I first heard about this from my mom and sister who said that this was the best Chinese food around.  I also heard a lot about it in my office.  So seven of us headed over there to give it a try.  The service was pretty slow first off which was kind of annoying.  We came after the lunch rush at 1pm and our server took quite awhile to come to our table and take a drink orders... then waited some more for her to come back and take our lunch orders.  I got the Kung Pao Beef, it came with choice of soup (egg drop or hot and sour), egg roll, and steamed or fried rice.  It was a lot of food and it was good, but I was not blown away like i was expecting.  It was also pretty cheap... all the above mentioned food was $6.25 + $2.00 for a drink.  Others at the table seemed to enjoy their food too, except for one, but again no one was raving about their food.  I would definitely come back because the price is right and I was not disappointed.  Maybe my expectations were to high.
5	I love this place.  It's not a trendy Scottsdale place - just great quality and value food.  They've even added brown rice to the offerings after years of harrassment from yours truly :-)  The lunch specials are great for a business lunch - though they can get busy now.  Also a new Happy Hour (three of them really): 4-7pm.  I agree service quality does tend to vary but it's part of a small business growing.  I am usually with people I want to talk with so it's never an issue.  I am glad we have an asset like this place in the neighborhood and never get sick of trying out the menu (which BTW you aren't limited to if you're open to Tottie's suggestions!).
4	Simply awesome! Best Asian food in the area. The service is spot on and extremely friendly. Tottie makes it a point to visit each and every table to make sure everything tastes good and is well done. The Tottie rolls are to die for and are a must have when going here. I was craving Sweet and Sour Pork, I know lame huh, so I ordered her version.. its just the classic deep friend goodness tossed with fresh pineapple, carrots and onions. Reminded of me Shea Garden my mother used to take us too when we were wee lads.For dessert we had the Rocky Road ice cream, awesome! She used coconut milk instead of regular milk.. super creamy and delicious. Also tried this pumpkin custard that was so smooth and refreshing. Of course everything is fresh and home made.. family owned and operated.. this is just a great Asian restaurant. Next time I'm going to try the pho!
5	We love this place!This is definitely our favorite restaurant. We make the trek from Mesa almost every weekend, it's that good.  Even with the skyrocketing price of fuel we don't mind.Tottie treats us like family now, so welcoming and accomodating.  Even when we show up not long before closing we are given the same excellent service and food.  The recent addition of the sushi bar has been great too, we never thought the place was lacking anything before they remodeled but they've gone from strength to strength.  We recently stopped eating meat, but that doesn't cause a problem here as they have so many different choices and will gladly accomodate any special dietary requirements.Great lunch specials during the week as well, this place has it all.
4	Everything Thomas said it was and more. I'm not a food mixer. I was afraid to have mint touching my spring roll. But, I was guided on how to put the mint and cilantro together ( what a combination!), I never knew spring rolls could be so delicious!Everything we ordered came out yummy, even the stuff we didn't order (poor waitress, first day and she was completely lost!)!I wanted someone to guide our waitress. But other than that food was yummy, conversations was funny, and I filled my tummy!!He he!
4	Tottie the Hottie. She is such a delight. I'd like to roll her up in one of those lettuce leaves, garnish with mint and cilantro and dip her right into that amazing fish sauce. But, meanwhile, I'll use her thin, crisp, hot and fresh spring rolls. Much of the staff appears to have been hired from Puberty Weekly. Seriously. Though very friendly, not very efficient. Great dinner with amazing friends before my stand up show this past Sunday.
4	Tottie serves up two of the BEST curry dishes I've eaten in the valley- the chicken green curry and the salmon red curry.  Rival restos would be Phoenix's Thai Elephant and Thai Hut, and Mesa's Palee's Crown.  The duck salad is pretty good, too.My friend and I also tried a Chinese entree (the ma po tofu), but we didn't enjoy it.  I completely gave up on it after two bites (and anyone who knows me and my love for food will tell you that a very telling sign of my distaste is when I don't even care to take leftovers home).  My advice is to steer clear of the Chinese dishes (Tottie is from Thailand, btw) and just order from the Thai menu.  Alright, alright, just skip the ma po tofu.  You're welcome.
5	Ignore the fact that this restaurant is in a crappy little strip mall.  Once you step inside, you are instantly transported to a beautiful, upscale Asian fusion restaurant.  My eyes were mesmerized by the hanging crystal dragon sculpture.Our waitress was top notch.  We were all kind of iffy about what we would order, but when she described the green curry to one of my co-diners, who was about to order the red curry, we all changed our order.  And she was right on.  The green curry was delicious, probably one of the best I have ever personally consumed.  Full of vegetables, more so than the red according to our waitress, and a delicious creamy and spicy sauce.  I chose the shrimp to accompany my meal, which was perfect: large enough to not feel hosed, yet small enough to be bite-size.I even enjoyed the to-go container, which was a reusable plastic quart.  I'm not a fan of plastic, unless it is the reusable kind, and I definitely prefer this to the horrific styrofoam containers that some places use.  The waitress was also nice enough to send us home with some extra rice (something that a lot of restaurants don't think of doing).Only 4 weeks left at the clinic, so I'm not sure I'll have time to go back, but I'm definitely glad I went at least once.
2	The second time I went back to this restaurant was peculiar.  The waitress started out clingy and constantly complimenting my friend, then she became very pushy about wanting us to leave.  She brought our check with 2 fortune cookies on top, came back 2 minutes later, then tossed the cookies onto the table and wiggled the check at us.  I was willing to write off this occasion since my first was so good.I went back for a 3rd try and actually had to walk out because the service was so bad.  Our group of 4 came in and said that we needed a table for 4.  The hostess showed us to a table with only 3 seats at it, then looked confused when we pointed out that we needed another chair.  She then showed us to another table with 3 seats, then started to walk away.  When we got her attention to point out that 3 seats are never adequate for 4 people regardless which side of the room it is on, she told us to go "wait in line" again.  Technically there was no line, but we went back up to the front to wait for a 4th chair at either table.  While we were waiting for them to get their sh!t together, I noticed that the hostess was grabbing chairs from all over the restaurant and putting it at a table that did not have all of their dining partners.  I'm no restaurant owner, but it seems to me that it would be more important to seat people WHO ARE ACTUALLY THERE!  My blood was starting to boil, but we were seated and I was willing to forgive.We had our menus and we were ready to order, but we waited and waited.  I think it was 15 minutes before the waitress (the weird clingy one from my second trip) came to our table, we had no drinks, no nothing.  We realized how much time we were wasting and discussed getting our food to go before the waitress finally appeared at our table.  When we mentioned getting our food to go, she gave us THE NASTIEST LOOK then told us that we would have to go tell the hostess what we wanted.I lost it.  I told the waitress that everything that we had experienced thus far was completely unacceptable and I wouldn't tolerate it.  I stood up to leave and she stood where she was (in my way), ignored me, and tried to take my dining companion's orders.  She finally backed off without even a glimmer of apology after my companion's realized that I really was leaving. I will not go back here ever again, no food is worth this treatment.
3	We ended up here on accident today, and decided to give it a try. There were things we loved and things that were just OK, and things that disappointed.We shared a gigantic bowl of egg drop soup, which normally has chicken in it, so we made it vegetarian. It was pretty good- a tad bland, maybe. I liked it better with a splash of soy sauce.The iced tea was funky, I asked specifically if it was plain black tea, and the waitress said, yes, it was Lipton's. Not so. It had some "secret ingredient" in it that made it cloudy. I think it might have been coconut milk. I just didn't care for it and wished she had been completely honest from the get go.Our entrees were OK- Hubby had a tofu Shanghai noodle dish that was fine, but again, kind of bland. My House Chow Fun with chicken, beef, and shrimp, was unlike any chow fun I have had before. Obviously some different spices were used, and it was alright, but I prefer others I have had. The dessert was the standout. Honey fried bananas with peanut butter and coconut ice creams. Seriously sweet and lightly battered crispy bananas with a scoop of intense peanut butter and then one of a mild and yummy coconut ice cream. We may return, as they seem to be very flexible on ingredients and preparation. Just about anything can be made vegetarian- just say "no meat, add tofu" said the waitress. Any other ingredient can be left out as well, due to allergies or taste preferences.
4	**4.5 stars**My first experience with Totties was when it was just Shanghai Palace, and although the food was solid (filling and delicious) each time, the atmosphere was that of any other mom and pop Asian restaurant.  Every few months I would remember that this place, which is basically next door to me, existed.  Since the major decoration about a year ago, I average eating here at least once every other week, even when I worked here.  Tottie has managed to create a place that is simply her--fabulous.  The food has lost none of its spice (Thai spicy still makes my stomache burn delightfully), but now married with it is an atmosphere that's vibrant, alive, and slightly whimsical.
5	All the things I tried had names I couldnt pronounce or understand but it was all great. Very very spicy but delicious. My eyes were tearing up, my nose running, my throat and mouth on fire and yet I kept on eating because it was just so good. Service was excellent, Mike, the hispanic/asian guy needs a raise. I found out that the glass dragon everyone talks about consists of hundreds of individual pieces that all had to be hanged individually and took weeks to put together.A little known secret: Try the avocado ice cream. Yes I know it sounds gross, dont be a wuss and just try it, its very good. I even bought a quart to take home.
4	Totties...I've read the 24 reviews that came before mine over and over, and I have to say, it was even better than expected!Picture this:Sunday evening - dark and cold outside.  Hanging inside with fiance and future sister-in-law.  All of us feeling tired and hungry but too lazy to cook dinner.  Just watched Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice reruns and worked up appetite...Thai food?  I suggested to them - oh yeah, we can't do that... none of the thai restaurants are open on Sundays.  Damn.Vietnamese maybe?  Nope - the closest one I could think of was closed on Sundays also.Chinese?  Too bad we don't have a great Chinese restaurant close by in the new 'hood anymore.I know, let's try somewhere new... Totties!  I called to make sure they were open, and sure enough - not only were they open, but they are not even a mile away!  Perfect...Tottie's was awesome - it was nicer inside than I imagined - for some reason I had in my head that it was going to be like Pei Wei - but it wasn't at all.  We were seated immediately and Kethy was our server (yes, Kethy - not Kathy).  She was cute and had personality - something you don't always find in restaurants now-a-day.  She honored our request to start with a big bowl of egg drop soup and add wontons to it!With the soup on the way, we perused the menu... I love that Tottie's offers Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, and sushi too!  We mixed it up a bit and ordered Pad Se Ew with Beef, Moo Shu Chicken, Thai Basil Stir Fry veggies, and steamed vegetable dumplings.  Medium spice and light on the oil.  It was way too much food, but it was fun to share a bunch of dishes, and now we have leftovers for dinner tonight!**Pad Se Ew was the favorite dish of all but nothing we ordered was disappointing.Total bill for all of the above was $43 before tip... not bad considering the amount of food we had!  Service was attentive - not only from Kethy, but Tottie (I think) came by, and our waters were fill constantly too.I will totally return to Tottie's in the near future whether it be for Chinese, Thai, Sushi, or Vietnamese - or a combo... oh, and I'll have to remember to save room for the avocado ice cream next time!
1	I have been here a couple times. The first time I went it was still under the Shanghai Palace name. I heard that Shanghai Palace was the only place in town that had soup dumplings. When I went I turned out the place changed hands to Tottie. Well I had already made my trip there from the air port. My friend who was with me who is also a chef decided to try out some of their dim sum and some apps. The dim sum items were over steamed and were dried out on top. Even the eggrolls were horrible. We noticed the sushi bar and the millions of items on the menu. I would never order something that not the specialty for the restaurant. I mean yeah asian fusion is good when done right but this place is far from that. It is just a bunch of different types of Asian food and non of it is fusion just traditional done wrong!The second time I went I decided to give them a shot. I heard their Pho was good. Although I think Tottie is a Thai specialty. Well I have to say that not only was the service mediocre and we had to keep asking for water, I found a long, I mean real long, knotted hair in my pho. Of course I find it at the end of my meal and I nearly threw up on the table when I pulled out the hair from my mouth. Not only is the food horrible, it's dirty and service sucks. I can handle bad food if the place was clean and they had good service. I don't think I ever saw any of the staff wash their hands after touching their hair, face or what not before serving food. Gross. You will never see me back here again. This might be a harsh review but I gave them 2 chances.
4	I go here about once a week... whether it's to-go or sit down. my week is not complete without it. The menu is expansive - pages and pages. You could get lost in there. Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai... I have tried their sushi and I loved it. But what I go for - what makes a bad day a good day - are their tottie rolls and their pho tai. Their Tottie Rolls make Fate's Spring Rolls seem bland and amateurish. (yes, I said it.) The sauce is tangy, the ingredients are so fresh. You can smell the mint as soon as the waitress sets it down on the table. ahhhhh. Pho is an obsession of mine. And their are MANY places in the valley that serve. I enjoy totties' because the meat is so tender and the broth - so aromatic. The fact that it is walking distance from my house and it's a cheap $7 meal makes me very happy. To-Go service never takes more than 10 minutes and the reception area ladies are always polite, courteous and fast. Plus, they never forget the hoisin - which is very important.  The service in general is extremely friendly and attentive. I ask for something - it appears in seconds. The fancy decor makes it safe to bring family (my mom is a new fan), colleagues, and dates. Try their homemade ice cream. It will not disappoint. Tottie herself is always doing the rounds. She seems to recognize all the regulars and makes you feel at home. We were there on what I think was her birthday once. She stopped by and gave us slices of her birthday cake. She is genuine and her menu is a testimony to her talent. Good for her! And good for me - because I live next door to enjoy. :)
4	In keeping with my brevity, great food, service a little slow at times.Mango sticky rice a must.
5	Our other restaurant changed their Egg Foo recipe. Bad. Then we found Tottie's! Good!This place is beautiful, the staff is happy (always a good sign!) and you can feel the good vibes in the air when you come in. The ambiance is soothing and comfortable for chillin' with friends or meeting with whomever....Really classy place. I don't eat sushi as I'm a veggie, but they've got a sushi bar that my neighbor couldn't stop raving about. He's the reason we tried Tottie's and we are so glad we did! Also, be ready for a sweet surprise after dinner! Save some room, you will NOT be sorry! mmmm...
2	Gorgeous restaurant, but the food was mediocre.  I got the Kung Pow Beef, which was quite bland.  The Egg Drop soup tasted like the smell of chlorine and was very gelatinous, although not many places make it brothy (Like I like it!).  Ehh.  I really wanted to like this place.  I may come back to try some sushi and look at the decor.
5	Imagine my horror when I dined at Tottie's recently and she quoted from my last update..."I'd like to roll her up in one of those lettuce leaves, garnish with mint and cilantro and dip her right into that amazing fish sauce.Yep. That's what I said. It was preceded however by how delightful she is. And believe me, she is. Such a good sport. We had a good laugh.We ate here Sunday afternoon after attending the ridiculous Warehouse Sale at Mojave Middle School in Scottsdale (think Ed Hardy vomiting in a gymnasium). So we were hungry and ready for Tottie's Rolls. We consumed THREE orders! Fabulous as always. Potstickers were perfection as was the Hot n Sour soup. Serve was spot on, friendly and playful even!So Tottie. You rock my dim and my sum! Can't wait to go back!
4	Came here on a recommendation from a friend. Close to home and I love trying new places. Waitstaff was friendly. I had the Pad Kee Mao and it was more than enough food. They know how to dial up the spice as well! I like spicy food and this had me sweating a bit. I guess you get what you ask for. I'll definitely be back to try other items.
4	Took my folks to Tottie's for Father's Day. It's the perfect family restaurant. 4 different types of cuisine - Chinese, Thai, Japanese and Vietnemese, so there's something for all tastes.  It's unpretentious, reasonably priced, with friendly, efficient service. It's also not too noisy, and the tables are pretty well spaced apart.  We ordered some Chinese and Thai dishes, and the portions were large.  I was really pleased with the shrimp dishes.  They were fresh, juicy and thoroughly cleaned.  My only complaint with the food was that my dish had too much chili.  I had asked for "medium" and what I got was "hot". Not inedibly hot, but definitely not medium.  I realize "hot" and "medium" are subjective, but I think it would be smarter for them to err on the side of less hot, and then let the customer add sriracha if they need it hotter.  The other pet peeve was that although the server was very friendly and efficient, she wasn't able to make recommendations on some of the menu items.  I realize you are not going to a place like that for superior service, but I feel that the wait staff should at least have a grasp on some of the questions that come up, e.g. "What wine/sake would you recommend with this dish...?"There are probably better Thai restaurants around, in terms of food, but this place just had a good vibe.  The owner Tottie even came over and asked how the meal was going, I saw her serving some regulars too, who seemed to be friends with her.  That's always a good sign to me too, because it shows the place is consistent.  I've had noodles to go before and they were really good too.In summary, not a high-end restaurant, but definitely waaay better than a lot of the mom-and-pop Chinese restaurants around here.  In terms of Thai food, it's probably not the best either, but it's up there, and what it is lacking in food, is made up for in ambiance and  variety.
4	Wow, I am very surprised by some of the reviews here. I have eaten here about 6 times now and it has always been fantastic! We even had a large party of over 20 people for a birthday party of very picky, picky eaters and all was great. We have tried various dishes here and they are all delish. Their chicken curry is one of the best in town! ( But spicy so beware) They also have a good Tangerine Beef dish. Sorry can't  comment on the Sushi since I think Sushi is disgusting! The Ice cream is a nice ending to your meal too.  The service is wonderful here!  We are alway treated like family.
5	Five stars for those amazing Tottie rolls!  I love coming by just for these.
5	Reliably good food and friendly service.  The food is not your typical Chinese food, or even typical Thai restaurant.  The dishes are lighter, healthier seeming, fresher and better spiced.  Love the fish dishes, and the dragonfly noodles!
4	Dear Miss Manners,When on a sushi date, is it appropriate to eat the sushi with your fingers?  I've read/heard that the Japanese use their fingers.  I tried using my fingers, but every time I do I get 'the look.'  It's a look similar to the one my grandmother gives me when she thinks etiquette school was a waste of money because I obviously didn't learn anything.  Then, I remind her that I was only 5 when I went to etiquette school and I couldn't even spell my name correctly.  I spelled it Mogran for God's sake, like I am going to remember how to dine like a lady.  Anyway, I visited this fine establishment on a date and dropped a piece of raw fish on the table because chopsticks can be a little tricky.  I looked at the raw morsel wondering if it was still safe to eat and wondering if they use an old rag to wipe down the tables or a clean bleach soaked one.  In my hesitation, my date swooped it up and popped it in his mouth.  Should I be weirded out by that?  In the future, can I just use my fingers to avoid dropping sushi on the table?  P.S. The sushi was good enough to want to eat off the ground, let alone the table.  Not sure if that makes a difference in your answer, just thought you should know.
4	Good Chinese food is hard to find in this town, Finally experienced Tottie's and it is the best I have found in the valley...Good Thai selection with good flavor
5	Totties is just about one of the best restaurants  I have been to lately.  I am reasonably certain that all their food is good but I probably will never know as the only two items I get EVERY time I go are their spring rolls and their Beef Pho Tai soup!  It is that good!  The spring rolls have chunks of pork and fresh shrimp and are laced throughout with cilantro and rice.  They are amazing.  My boyfriend and I douse them thoroughly in their delicious peanut sauce that we doctor up with soy sauce, plum sance and a spicy red sauce.     Then we have the Pho Tai which seriously even  if I was a step away from death and sick with a cold I would still  drive to Totties to have instead of that crappy Campbells Chicken Noodle Soup.    The owner (Tottie- go figure!) told me that she makes the beef broth with beef marrow which sounds really gross until you have it.  There is an undescribable seasoning (marrow?) in the soup that is just delicious.   And that is another dish that you doctor right up- add a little bean sprouts, fresh mint, fresh cilantro, leetle bit of peanut sauce, soy sauce and you are done.  We practically want to scrape the bowl clean.  Being from Scottsdale and watching my girlish figure, it is pretty embarrassing that I am practically jabbing the boyfriend to get to the soup!So that is it!  The new location is beautiful and I hope that they have great success there as it has more panache than their first location.  Yum!
4	This place is really growing on me.  I always drove by it, but never stopped for some reason.  It's a mile further from my house than Noodles Ranch (highly recommended) and is tucked in a sort of non-descript plaza that I never go to.  The first time I ate there I ordered the Szechwan Style Bean Curd, which was good, but did not get me overly excited.  It was served with the soft tofu, rather than the crispy style that I prefer.  I waited a couple of months before going back.  I then inquired about subbing tofu for meat in dishes.  They will sub tofu in for anything and make it crispy.  Awesome.  I have had the Tangerine Tofu and Sesame Tofu now, both of which were very tasty.  Totties will not be incorpated into my rotation of restaurants.  I look forward to working my way through the menu.  The interior of the place is very nicely done as well.  I never would have suspected that such a nice place lay inside from the look of the plaza interior.
5	Following fast on the footsteps of my recent excursion to Totties Asian Fusion II with Alex C -- I took my new boy-toy to the orig, as we were craving both sushi AND thom khak kai soup.  Smart choice.This location was equally chock full of deliciousness although we went a bit of a different route for dinner than my 1st experience at Totties 2.  Steve was in the mood for sushi and loves the stuff. I like certain kinds and was still hardcore craving the thom khak kai soup from last time. Great compromise and everything pan-Asian under one roof makes it very convenient and easy to love this Tottie's location. We started off with my fave Thai soup and a delicious plate of spicy cucumber.  Steve said he's not really even a fan of cucumber but we mawed this stuff down.  The soup was amazing and we both agreed that we could bathe in this stuff!  That's how good it is!Then the sushi started coming out. I don't even remember what all we ordered but I think the two of us packed away 4 kinds of rolls and Steve had some sashimi.  The sushi was fantastic and the staff was hell-bent on keeping our Pepsi's & waters re-filled and checked in regularly to make sure everything was going well. It was.So I've now had 2 amazing experiences at 2 separate Tottie's locations and God forbid Tottie should ever decide to change professions, but if she were to do so, I pray she starts teaching classes at a restaurant school (or consults), because she most definitely understands & executes flawlessly on the concepts of service, cleanliness, fresh food and tasty experimentation.  She could help a lot of places with great food but shitty service.Both Tottie's locations now get my 5 stars and I'll be back again & again to immerse myself in the complete Zen that is Tottie's Asian Fusion.
5	Every single thing, down to the smallest detail was so wonderful at Totties that I could give nothing less than 5 stars. I was in the area with a friend to see a band play and remembered someone mentioning they liked Totties. After the show, we hopped in to see what it was all about. The restaurant smelled intoxicating. If that wasn't enough the decor wooed me in the rest of the way. We were seated promptly and given menus to review. One of my favorite things off the bat was that our waitress Naomi didn't ask us what we wanted to drink, she asked if we wanted anything aside from water. I liked knowing that either way, I was getting something while I made a decision on dinner. And, well, that was a pretty hard decision. The menu has countless items I am still craving now after reading them hours before. I ended up having the red salmon curry, which was accompanied by sticky rice and steamed zucchini, broccoli, sprouts, carrots, mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. It was so phenomenal that half of me was sad I was unable to finish it all but the other half was excited my taste buds would get to experience it for lunch tomorrow. The service was truly top notch and everything was prompt and genuine. From our server to the owner, I can do nothing but compliment them repeatedly. That alone makes me anxious to return. You don't see this level of service much these days.If you want a nice, quiet, gorgeous, friendly, and inexpensive place to eat, you will definitely find a home at Totties.PS.. At some point, walk past the bar and check out the sweet as optical illusion mirror!!
5	I'm heating up the leftovers as I type. This place is amazing.My experience here was as good as it gets. The atmosphere is great with folded cloth napkins, big LCD TV's, and spacious booths. The service was fantastic. Our server actually asked me if I wanted to have a "to go" cup of this special hot sauce they make. Hell yeah I would.The prices are reasonable and the portions are great. Georgeann G and I enjoyed the Singapore Noodles (angel hair, shrimp, and pork in a curry sauce) and the Yum Gai (spicy minced beef served cool over a salad of vegetables). Both dishes were amazing and the special hot sauce our server suggested was a great compliment to the already vibrant flavors. I wish I would have caught our servers name because he was really a master of his craft. This is definitely a place to check out if you haven't already.
5	Oh Totties.  You've saved my life on more than one occasion.  Tottie's is located, quite unfortunately for them, a mere three minute walk from the San Tropez apartment complex.  Why would this be such a curse you might ask?  Because it means that on any given Saturday, there is a very decent chance their hostess will be asked to sit anywhere from 2-11 people after a festive day filled with swimming, margaritas, and sand volleyball who may or may not be still wearing board shorts and bikinis with T-shirts thrown on.All of that aside, Tottie's is a fantastic place no matter what condition you are in.  All of the servers are amazing and attentive, making sure that your every need is attended to.  The atmosphere is a great balance between a formal and casual dining experience.  There is a bar area that, as Coda B mentioned has several LCD TV's playing whatever the main sporting event is at the time (March Madness right now!).  The atmosphere is darker, and although seems quieter at first, there are pockets of excitement that pop up.Down to the food.  Tottie's has, hands down, the best Panang I've had in recent memory and I'm a huge curry fan.  The curry sauce is out of this world, causing me to want to get down on my knees and thank my Thai Queen Tottie herself.  The portions are huge for the price, and the Pad Thai and Pad Kra Pao are also excellent.There aren't a lot of choices for Thai food near Tottie's, but luckily there don't have to be.  Tottie's is the place to be!
3	Don't let the name fool you!!!!  There is NOTHING FUSION about this place... Ok, that food was decent but I came expecting "Asian Fusion" and therefore was disappointed.  Fusion means the combination of two or more cuisines in ONE DISH.  This place simply offers Thai, Sushi, Chinese and Vietname all SEPARATELY.  It is more like food court or buffet in that it offers many different options.I ordered my default dish when I am not that hungry.  The sweat and sour chicken was mediocre.  If that was the only food item I tried I would not come back.  Fortunately I was with a group and got to try the green curry and lemon grass chicken which was pretty tasty.What enjoyed most was they way they spiced it up.  You can choose how spicey you want your dish (between 1-10) and whatever they use adds a lot of taste and the approprirate balance of heat.
2	The highlight of my meal was the lemongrass iced tea... which wasn't even that superb to being with. I understand what Tottie is trying to do here, but the execution is just blah. My steamed pork egg roll was dry and more stuffed with lettuce than anything, the peanut sauce didn't even soften it up. The sushi was mediocre and honestly forgettable. The 2nd star is for ambience, since it was pretty strategically lit and set up. I dunno, I wasn't really impressed and probably won't return again, but then again maybe Tottie's isn't my cup of tea.
5	2/26/10Came during lunch hours to check out the Thai lunch menu only to find out that TAF's lunch menu only lists a few Chinese selections.  Thus, after skimming over the lunch menu, as well as the dinner menu for Thai selections, I chose to go with the Beef Lo Mein, which came w/ a bowl of soup and an eggroll, and the Tofu Green Curry.  The beef lo mein was delicious!  Loved the thin egg noodles combined w/ veggies and tender beef.  Correction- not all of the beef pieces were tender, but I didn't mind since I also had the tofu green curry to contend with.  Took leftovers home for Mom and I to enjoy later.  Tottie's green curry has made my Mom a fan of Thai food at last!  (I haven't been able to win her over with any other of the Thai restaurants I frequent.)  She didn't like the lo mein, though.  Said that the leftover noodles were hard.  The noodles must've dried out in the fridge, for they weren't dry when I had them for lunch.  As for the soup, I selected hot and sour, but when it arrived, I could see that a thickener was used, so I inquired as to what was the thickening agent.  The answer?  Cornstarch.  And so, I had it whisked away.I am a fan of homemade coconut ice cream and fried plantains.  It is one of my favorite food combinations, and wouldn't you know it, TAF's Honey Fried Bananas proved to be a great contender among some of the best I've had in the valley (Siam Thai and Wild Thaiger also offer great versions)!  The banana slices were encased in a light batter, fried, and then drizzled with honey, and then topped with a scoop of exquisite coconut ice cream.  Don't forget the peanuts on top!  What makes the ice cream exquisite?  Why, this scoop was chockful of real coconut ribbons!  The light crunch of the battered bananas, still warm from the pan, paired well w/ the cool, creamy, coconutty delight.  Mmm... you must try this sweet dish! ---4/16/10I've been back with Mom at least three times since, as I've hooked her onto Tottie's Soft-shelled Crab Curry.  (My mother is so hard to draw out of the house, but now, if I want to be graced with her company, all I have to do is utter the words "soft-shelled crab," and voila!)  Do try any of the curries offered here with a side of egg noodles.  As far as I could tell, these were seasoned only with soy sauce, but they proved to be an excellent bed for the divine crab curry!  We may just have to pay Tottie's a visit tonight!
4	So I was sitting at home the other day flipping through the TV channels and landed on the food network..weird. It was a Bobby Flay throwdown for Pad Thai. After watching the full episode it got me craving the classic dish. I fought off the temptation for two hours (I mean pool season is rapidly approaching ) but finally gave in. So I turned over to my trusty Yelp app and Tottie's came up as the overall favorite, I can now see why.So I went for pick up and was greeted straight away. They took my Chicken Pad Thai order (no egg...I know a staple to the dish but I can't stand them) and had it ready within 10 minutes. I went 20 mph over the speed limit the whole way home because the smell was killing me. Finally I dug in and it was everything i was looking for. I went with medium spicy and it was perfect. Just enough spice compared to sweet. A large portion size for the price and the noodles were perfectly cooked. Sorry Pei Wei you just lost a Pad Thai customer.
4	A co-worker of mine kept talking about Tottie's, so last night I finally gave it a try.  I don't know if it is different dining in, because I ordered take-out, but it was good.  It didn't blow me away, but it was good.  Very similar to good chinese take-out, or maybe a notch up.  I ordered the Tottie Rolls as a starter.  They are crispy egg rolls that you wrap in a lettuce leaf, with mint and parsley.  They come with a sort-of sweet and sour sauce for dipping that was quite nice.  Or atleast I think that is how you are supposed to eat them?  I had a big take out container full of lettuce, mint and parsley, so I figured that was the drill since I didn't order a salad?  They were good.  I ordered the Tangerine Chicken and the Beef Pad Lard Na.  The chicken dish was good, tasted like an orange chicken, deep fried until crispy then tossed in a sweet tangerine sauce.  It had a few strips of red bell pepper also.  The beef dish I liked a little more, it was the wide egg noodles and had chunks of beef, onion, pea pods and bok choy in a really good brown sauce.  You can order many of the dishes mild to HOT, so I did a medium hot since I sharing the dishes I didn't want to blow them out of the water with too spicy of a dish.  Next time I will definitely go hotter!  The dishes came with 2 containers of sticky white rice, which was exactly what it sounds like. I didn't have any dessert, but the crispy bananas sound great, and I am interested in trying the ice creams I keep hearing about.  I also really want to try the soups, they sound good.  All in all, it was good (I keep saying good!)  the prices are reasonable, and the portions are big.  I have enough for lunch leftovers today.  So, it is worth giving them a try, and I will be back.
4	I've been to Totties 5 or 6 times for dinner and i always enjoyed it. The Tuna Crunch Roll is really good and so is the Buba Gump Roll.  Their Thai food is also pretty good and their Tom Kha has a nice thick broth.The reason I only gave it 4 stars is because of the actual service. The one time I went for lunch they didn't have any of the dishes I asked for and the service both at dinner and at lunch is always lacking. Maybe the day i went in for lunch there was a problem in the kitchen or something but they could have told us that when we walked in. Again, the waitresses are ok but you have to flag them down for drink refills and they take their time getting your food to your table.But aside from that I would recommend dinner at Totties
4	I came here not really wanting to spend a lot of money.  You really can't walk out of here for under $10 unless you only get an appetizer and drink water.  I was wanting to try some of the appetizers...but at about ~$6-10/pop....and wanting to get a meal (guessing you could probably do an appetizer as a meal), that wasn't going to happen.  I noticed the "Bun Tom" on the menu...seemed to be a good combo of food and included some "Tottie Rolls" which I wanted to try.The Meal:  The Tottie Rolls were OK.  Not the best I've ever had...but not bad.  The meal itself...I saw it and wondered...wasn't sure it was that much food.  Well...wow does that food pack down in that bowl.  I think I had somewhere between 3-5 servings out of that bowl.  It was an excellent meal.  The pork mixed with the rice noodles...and the sauce that came with it...along with some of the greens on the plate and the mint leaves...combined to make quite a tasty bite of food.  The bowl itself was never ending.  2 could've probably had enough food out of this (and at that point...I guess the price starts looking pretty good...but wasn't for a lone person trying to eat).  I really should've probably taken half of it home to at least get another meal out of it.  Don't know why I didn't in retrospect.  But it was good.  Very good.
4	Enjoyed dinner at Tottie's last week, same great taste but the service was even better --didn't think that was possible.  one issue, i LOVE spicy--we got our pad thai at "8" and it was way too hot to eat--it was still good and we picked at it but i just think that there was some mistake.  *and* i didn't say anything because we were already getting full--i took it home and the next day added it to a ton of rice noodles and it was even better.  also, you MUST try the desserts--homemade coconut ice cream and these fried bananas.  really, to die for.
1	Oh boy... not a fan at all.  Tottie's is right by my house, so I checked the reviews and it appeared to be a good take out spot.  I ordered a Thai noodle dish with Tofu and my Bf ordered Pad Thai. I ordered both medium spice level.  My Bf picked it up and he said the place spelled rancid, not a good sign.   Both of our meals were terrible, had no sauce whatsoever and mine was so spicy it was inedible.  I love spicy food, so it's not that I can't tolerate the heat... this was just bad.  I threw out my meal and ate popcorn for dinner.
4	I have been going to Tottie's now for over a year and have never had a bad experience.  I always order the same thing (boring, I know)-  Kang Keow Wan (Green Curry - Chicken) with no mushrooms, no thai basil, medium spicy, and an extra rice.  I always have enough curry to last at least 2 more lunches!  So for $8.00, I have lunch for 3 days.  I've turned on a lot of co-workers to Totties and we now have "Thai Tuesdays" on a somewhat regular basis, and we get Tottie's to-go.   Exteremly nice staff (even when we're calling in 6+ orders) and delicious food!Love Tottie's!!
5	Date night turned into stuffed belly night! This was such great food! We started of with Tom Ka Gai that was flavorgasmic! Then moved onto Papaya salad and Chicken Panang. We couldn't finish 1/2 the entree but made for GREAT left overs! The service was wonderful. I can't wait to go back!
1	Cockroach in my Kung Pao. I will never be eating there again.
4	This is some great Asian Food! I first discovered Tottie's because it was in a shopping center right behind my old house, my roommates gave it a try and were big fans. After that I tried it, and I'm now a big fan. The food is a little bit of everything Asian. Thai is their specialty, but everything on the menu is good. Actually, my only complaint is that the menu is way too big. It's way too hard to decide what you want. I really love the Pad Thai. If you're not into hot food, watch out.  We had it medium and it still had a good kick (medium was not my choice, I would've gone for more heat).  For an appetizer I highly recommend the Vietnamese spring rolls (with an amazing peanut sauce). I also highly recommend the Tottie Rolls. It's a fried pork roll with a lettuce wrap and mint leaves.  The menu says they're the best rolls you ever had. They may be right!
4	Great lunch specials!!!
3	Great Food, Great Selection.  They have a little bit of everything asian.  Tasted the shushi, was OK.  The Pho soup is good and the thai curries are great.  Give it 3.5 Stars.
4	Love Tottie's since no matter what your Asian food craving is you can find it here. Recently went in for lunch on a Saturday, had Soft Shell Crab with Curry and Pho Tai Soup. Both excellent. Even though the server was basically running the floor by himself, he did a great job. Only complaint about their service is once went in kinda near to closing time and host (obviously wanting to close & go home- btw I've been there sister I'm a server) took one look at us, turned on her heel and walked away when a simple, polite "the kitchen is closing" would have sufficed. Everything else I've tried food-wise has been great. Sushi seems a little on the spendy side- so haven't ventured there. Overall, love this place. Huge menu, great food.
4	I wish there was a half star more I could give Tottie because it is really my favorite place for Chinese or Thai (haven't tried the sushi) but there have been one or two slip ups on the part of the staff. Aside from that, Tottie, I love you long time!Good, dark and elegant place for a date, or affair, Tottie, and you could make a great meal from just the appetizers. Order a Pu Pu. Huh-huh! The Tottie Rolls, with sauce and lettuce wrap are great and if you're lucky and it's late, Tottie will prepare them for you and feed them to you while her womanly chest heaves with desire, using food as one would join in human sexual desire. But I digress.All the dishes are terrific but I wish the Pad Thai was not as mushy. If you do have any complaints, Tottie is always the lady and restaurateur and will treat your complaint with patience and kindness or perhaps a spanking and some rough stuff before she forces your head into the plate of Pad Thai by lying prone on your back, squirting that Scrimshaw sauce, or whatever they call it, into your nasal cavity and belittling you in Chinese because you've been a naughty, naughty boy. But I digressFor dessert, I highly recommend the coconut ice cream with fried honey bananas. Your banana will be surprisingly hot and Tottie likes it that way. That's how she serves the bananas in her place.I didn't care for the incredible wait at the Paradise Valley location, but hopefully Tottie will have more openings for us all. But I digress.
5	Came her on a date night that included a nauseous tummy... and I left with a satisfied belly and resolution to return!We ate family-style, and I had the privilege to enjoy the Tom Ka Gai, Green Papaya Salad, and Chicken Panang. The waitress was accommodating, funny, and seemingly sincere with her candor. Once the Tom Ka Gai came out, and the delicious broth filled my mouth, I am pretty sure my body went into some kind of shock - there was nothing else going on in the world, except the flavor explosion in my mouth! It was spicy, yet creamy, and FLAVORFUL! I still frequently fantasize about this soup. The chicken wasn't sparse, and I am actually drooling, just thinking about it.The Panang and Green Papaya were equally delicious. Not to the Tom Ka Gai (the obsession is truly an unhealthy one), but to each other. It depends on what you're in the mood for... But the Panang sauce combined with chicken and rice made for a delicious meal, and even a not-so-guilt-free breakfast the next day. The Green Papaya Salad was served with grilled chicken and sticky rice. The cool salad was crispy and combined well with the chargrilled chicken.I can't wait to try more, and hope you enjoy it, if you try (Tom Ka Gai) anything on the menu! I am positive you'll find anything there enjoyable. There is a wide variety of Pan Asian cuisine to delight your tastebuds.
4	Fusion?  I don't think so.Its a Pan-Asian - Pacific Rim place...Is it the best thai?...no but its goodIs it the best chinese?...no but its goodis it the best vietnamese?...no but its okIs it the best sushi?...no but its okit has nice decor, above average food, great selection, typical asian service standards.its good if your party can't decide on any specific type of asian cuisine
4	What's really cool about Tottie's is that all the various Asian influences are on one menu. It's not fusion as in the dishes themselves are mixed, but more that the menu is. They have sushi, Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese dishes all in the same restaurant. Could be great for groups with difference tastes. You could also go family style and get a blend of different flavors to satisfy all your cravings at once.The food itself is extremely good. I wasn't dissapointed in any of the dishes they brought us. We tried a Thai dish, the house rolls for an appetizer and a Chinese shrimp dish. All of it was fantastic and we left stuffed for sure.The service was equally great. And the atmosphere is picture perfect. Definitely recommended!
4	After my brutally disappointing first Tottie's experience, I was convinced to give it another try.   My boyfriend had been raving about the green curry he tried while I was out of town. Even though I am normally a red curry fan, I decided to give it a try.  It was excellent!  There was a perfect amount of heat, coconut, veggies and tons of extra sauce! My only complaint is they gave us huge entree portions but a tiny little container of rice for use to share.  We've only dined take out, but when I picked it up, I was surprised that the dining room was nice and large despite its look from the curb.   I will be back!
4	The atmosphere is much more elegant inside than it seemed from the outside. Chicken Thai and Egg Drop soup for two (huge) was awesome. Definitely a reasonable price too. I THINK I have had someone grab me carry-out Sweet and Sour Pork from here before and I wasnt a huge fan of the dish. Dining in is the way to go!
4	I kept hearing about this place when I moved onto Thomas and Hayden and it did not disappoint. Everything was delicious. The waitress was quite the sales woman but she was right about everything so it was a good thing we trusted her suggestions. I will definitely hit this place up whenever I am craving some asian food!
1	So I went across this place on yelp. With all the good reviews me and my bf decide to try it out. When we got there we had to wait 15 min for anyone to come to greet us and once we been seated we had waited another 15 min for a waitress to take our order. The hot tea was like plain hot water. We order two appetizer and two entrees the what so call best egg roll you've ever tasted was like the worst egg roll I've ever tasted in my life it was so soggy inside! The scewred beef was tasteless.  The house special chowmein was anything but special.  And the shrimp green bean and black bean sauce was terrible the shrimp tasted like dirt and green beans was from a frozen pre cooked bag. So so disappointed . How does this place get such good reviews I don't get it??!
4	Okay, I could probably live without Asian food.  I like Chinese and Thai on occasion, especially if it's cold out.  The rest of it I wouldn't miss.  Sorry, Mexico is my true love.  But I have to say, I love Tottie's, if for no other reason than the Green Curry.  It is easily one of my favorite dishes right now.I've tried both the lemon and tangerine chicken (apparently I could not live without citrus), and while good, they cannot compete with the green curry.  Generally I would prefer Chinese to Thai, or so I thought.  I know, it's like comparing apples to oranges.  I also really like the Tottie rolls.  The spring rolls taught me I'm not a fan of rice paper, but I loved the peanut sauce.  Anything dipped in that peanut sauce would be good!Given its location,  I was pleasantly surprised that Tottie's is actually quite nice inside, although we usually get take-out.  In fact, today is quite chilly.  I think that curry is calling me.
5	So happy I finally came!! This time, as I will b back, I had a Thai tea which was delicious with sweet and sour chicken that was better than most in the valley, loaded with veggies but a good sauce. There is so much that this place has to offer so I will def b back soon with new updates on the thai, sushi and vietnamese that this restaurant offers.
4	I have had fusion between different "classified" ethnic foods, but this has to be the first time between Asian dishes.  They have a wide array of Asian influences such as Thai, Chinese, Korean, etc.  The secret to their success is how they blend the sauces of different ethnic cuisines.  In addition, they have the ability to pair different Asian foods together in a menu.  They have straight up Thai choices, Chinese, sushi, and Vietnamese dishes as well.  I guess it really depends on what you are feeling.The prices are very reasonable here for a fusion restaurant.  The place is a little small, but its cozy.  Just in case Totties 1 is full, you can always go to Totties 2 which is very close by!  The service is completed with such care as most Asian restaurants usually don't have.  Usually when you go to an Asian restaurant, you get good food and lousy service.  Here at Totties, you get amazing flavors and great service!
2	Wanted to like the place.  So many people seem to rave about it.  Admittedly I was doing take out and didn't get the full perspective but ordered pad thai and nother beef with broad noodle dish and was underwhelemed.  I know that it is "asian fusian" but the menu was mostly Thai with some sushi thrown in for good measure.  I gave the hostess my order and waited at the bar.  There was no service at the bar save for some water.  no on came by to check on me despite telling someone that i wanted a beer and some edamame to snack on while I waited.  I got the order home and it was piping hot which is usually a good sign.  i was a little disappointed that the boxes had leaked and there was a bit of a mess coming out but the food was well, bland.  i had asked for medium spicy and got ho-hum spicy on both noodle dishes.  The noodles were overcooked and mushy.  The proteins were tough.  they tasted as if they had been blanched and then thrown in to warm with the already overcooked noodles.  I had ordered a chicken corn soup which had good flavor but more of that overcooked chicken and absolutely no corn.  it looked like egg drop soup that I could have made in my sleep.  not a huge fan :(
4	It was our first time trying out Asian Fusion. I was delighted with the decoration on the walls. The servers was good and really attentive. The food was tasty and good portion. There was a wide variety of cuisines on the menu, so lots of choices! We liked it a lot ;)
4	I eat here about once a month and stick to the usual--chicken pad thai, panang chicken, spring rolls and occasionally pho tai soup(it cures what ails). I have sampled off other dishes and have never been disappointed. Trying other thai restaurants I always find myself returning to Totties. The portions are good and the food is consistently delicious. And the mango ice cream is a good way to end the meal.
4	1. Front Door Wait for table, hostess was busy and had 3 takeout orders + 3 couples at one time plus answering phone. took us 10 minutes just to get seated in a place that had only 12 seated customers n 20+ tables open.2. Once seated, the staff, busser, waitress, AWESOME.. they knew the regular peoples names, and weren't over powering asking if everything is ok, just right. 3. Appetizer. Broadway Rolls..  Tasted Fresh shrimp, n crab, but crab was minced, but tasted awesome.. very pleased,4. PhoTai and Shanghai Rice, Both great.. for Vietnamese Pho, i would rate this 3rd on my list of places to order Pho. Rice, it ranks 2nd.. fresh shrimp, and chicken was cooked, but not overdone and dry,, excellent.. Final say. I will be back. This may be monthly, due to travel distance Chandler to Scottsdale.. If i want Vietnamese, without the extra variety, Da Vang, or Phu thanh. But if i bring some friends, this would be the best place, because of the variety of the cuisine.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover.  The outside doesn't look so great, but you go inside and it's gorgeous.  The food is some of the best food I've ever eaten.  Their sugar cane chicken appetizer is fantastic!! The pad thai, chiang mai noodles, pad kra po, pad lard na, etc.  This place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs.  And don't get me started on their fried honey banana dessert.  The best dessert I've ever had!  Check this place out you will not be disappointed.
4	Because I live within walking distance, I end up eating here frequently--almost every week. Service is usually pretty good, although the last time I went and brought friends our waitress was all over the place and we waited a long time for our food. But hey, 1 out of 10 times or so isn't that bad. Plus, the staff knows the menu pretty well and they make really good recommendations. The Thai portion of the menu is the best and definitely comes with the most food. I like the Kang Keo Wang: a mix of chicken (you choose which meat) and vegetables in a delicious green curry sauce., and the Chiang Mai Noodles--similar to the Kang Keo Wan but has more of a coconut taste to it. They also let you choose your spice level:1-10. 4 is about the spiciness of a jalapeno. You can also ask them to cut down on the sugar, if you feel like being healthy.
4	Glad to have this restaurant in my neighborhood, the only thing that would make it better for me would be a patio, you know for the dog to come with. Reasonable price, had a great red curry!
4	From the outside it is totally understandable to have a different idea about what this place has ti offer. Walked in and it was totally different from what i pictured looking from the outside. Very nice, low lighted and nicely decorated place. Service was awesome and the menu/drink selection is nice as well.Everything was delicious no complaints and all just that i did not have any room left for dessert(which i picked out even before i picked my entree).. fried plantain with coconut ice-cream, people.I will be back for that damn dessert. believe that.
5	Very friendly, quick service, and great food.  Hands down one of my favorite places to go eat!
4	I ordered mild, but the food still had quite a kick.With that being said, I enjoyed the food.  A rather large group of us went in at lunch time and were seated quickly and served just as fast.Most of us ate from their weekday lunch special (about $8 per plate).  The lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll.The ambiance is nice.  Like a few other reviewers have suggested, you can't really guess what you're getting into from the strip mall appearance outside.Our waiter was nice and attentive.  He walked the fine line between participating in our group conversation and being creepy really well.There are a few Thai places in this area, and Tottie's is one of the better.
4	What a great lunch!  And leftovers as well!  Wish it was closer to my house!
4	One of my favorites! Panang! The spicy coconut curry males my mouth water and feeds my craving! Don't let the strip mall location deceive you, it's not typical, food is awesome, and the entire feel is cool Asian fusion. Love it---panang here I come!
5	Some of the best panang curry that I have had in the valley!Everything on the menu that I've had has been great.Excellent service too!  Can't wait to go back!
2	I don't understand all of the great reviews of this place. The food here is pretty blah. I feel like they use the same 3 ingredients in every dish, as if they don't want to actually supply the ingredients that the dishes need. Everything tastes ok, but just really off. Maybe that it was they mean by 'fusion'? Fusing Asian food with random meh flavor? The staff here is pretty disappointing, also, which is the main reason why I don't return. I have tried eating here probably 5 or 6 times between dining in and taking out. The last time was so disappointing. I was second hand embarrassed for this restaurant. Their staff that night, of 4 or 5 twenty-somethings, all stood at the front of the restaurant talking loudly about idiotic things they had done over the weekend. My boyfriend and i couldnt even have a conversation because we could hear ever single word they were saying. So rude. And annoying. Honestly, they spent a good 35 minutes doing this(the entire time we were there, I'm sure they kept going even after we left). It was sad really, that a business would tolerate this kind of behavior from their employees. My first job at Pizza Hut when I was 16 wouldn't even allow that kind of BS. So, basically, their meh food doesn't make up for their UGH service, therefore making take out not worth it, and dining in miserable. Sorry Totti :(
4	Love this place great Thai Curry!
4	Really good food!  One day I was out front of Fresh-n-Easy and I smelled some really good smells!  I looked around and saw Tottie's.  Two days later I still could not get it out of my head so I invited my mom for lunch.  We shared Pad Thai and Panang Chicken.  I like food really hot so we got medium for my mom.  Even medium was a bit mild, but it was really good food.  The lunch special came with hot and sour soup and rice.  The hot and sour soup was different that what I was used to, but it was sooooo good I went back the next day for a large take out.  it was even more amazing the second time!!!
5	What a hidden gem!  I have been searching for a good asian restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale for some time now...and the search is over.First, don't let the location scare you off.  The original location is certainly not in the best spot, next to a planned parenthood, but once you are inside the asian decor makes you forget where you are.The portions are absolutely huge.  One entree is more than enough for two people.  To start, my fiance and I had the Pho Tae Bo Vein.  This Pho hangs with the best.  A great selection of garnishments accompanies the soup.  Great taste and an entree in and of itself.  I will come back just for this dish.We then ordered the Kang Keo Wan and the Chiang Mai Noodles.  These dishes taste essentially the same.  However, the Chiang Mai Noodles was had a little sweeter taste to it.  Overall, the spices were great, not to spicy but enough to have flavor.Try this place out!
4	I got the stir fry vegetables with brown sauce, brown rice and avocado ice cream.  The veg and rice were great with the brown sauce, the avocado ice cream is an acquired taste.  Scenery was nice and the staff was friendly.  I like the fact that you can get Chinese, Vietnamese, Tia and Japanese food. Would go there again!
5	LOVE Tottie's! Who knew such a swanky, wallet friendly place could be in a location like this? When we walked in, I was overtaken with the decor. But then we sat down and I was overtaken with it's extensive menu--they not only have sushi but Japanese, Thai and Vietnamese. They have a lot of different sushi rolls and also gives you a description of each one (One of them things most sushi places do which drives me batty!) Service was on point and quick to take our order and get anything we needed. I got the Flaming Tuna Roll and Broadway Roll and both were fresh and full of flavor. I love spicy stuff and the Broadway is not for the faint of heart--be sure to have some water nearby if you're going to try this one.The only thing I disliked about Tottie's is that I live on the other side of the country and can't go back there any time I want, sadface.
5	Best asian I've had in a long time... love that they have a mixture of everything here.  My friend got thai, I got vietnamese, and another got chinese.  I even left my sunglasses here and was able to come back a few days later to find that they had them saved here!  Service was very nice overall and our waiter was excellent.
4	lunch specials are amazing.i love the pad thai.closed on mondays!!!when you walk into this place i am always treated like a king it is a great place for food and the owner walks around and is very nice.
1	I have given them several taste attempts because they are close by,all yucky and the cashew chicken (missing the nuts-oh gee there was 6 I think maybe)- with vegetables was terrible.Not sure what they are fusioning? LOL The soup was bland and spring roles over cooked.The decor is cool. sushi is blah-The only thing I enjoyed is the white rice! I will not be going back... and we spent some bucks and wish we had not!
2	Let me start by saying whatever happened to cooking Christmas dinner? I am Jewish, so for me Christmas= Chinese food, but apparently the secret is out. I went here tonight with the BF. We had made reservations for 7:30 and arrived at 7:20. The place was clearly understaffed as the two hostesses were running around like crazy acting as waitresses and bussers in addition to trying to host. As we stood there waiting for our table, about half of the tables in the restaurant left. You would think that this would make for a quick seating....surprise! It didn't. We waited for about 30 minutes to be seated. Additionally, several tables who did not have reservations were seated at the same time as us, which would have been fine if there were people working at this restaurant, but there weren't. So the BF and I sit there. The couple (without res) gets water, some small family that was seated at the same time gets water....we get nothing. The waitress comes around and takes their orders. Nothing. The family gets their appetizers and the waitress comes and takes their main entree order. Nothing. The other table gets their beers and sushi...still nothing! The hostess finally came by after at least twenty minutes and took our orders....we still do not have water. For real. And the place has gotten significantly less busy at this point. So we order the tangerine chicken and the pad kee mao with a 7/10 spiciness. We waited and waited. The other couple received entrees and just about finished them before we got our food. It was like we were in an episode of Seinfeld or something. The service was that bad. We (finally) get our food and I will admit, the tangerine chicken was tasty. It was sweet and savory...pretty good. The problem is it was luke warm...like it had been sitting for awhile. Not cool. The pad kee mao was a disaster. First, it had about a 1-2 star spiciness level. Not spicy....at all. Second, in addition to not being spicy it was bland and kind of tasted like dishwater. Third, the veggies were still essentially raw. The dish was terrible. I have had much better (real) Thai food for a fraction of the price. We barely touched the dish, but no one showed us any concern or asked if our food was alright. The entire ordeal lasted one and half hours...for just entrees and water. Overall, the experience was terrible. I know what you're thinking....But Jennifer, it's Christmas!... Yes, I know it's Christmas, but I don't care, it isn't an excuse. I made a reservation. If they they did not have the space, they should have A) not given us a reservation or B) not let in walk ins when they had reservations. Whoever owns this restaurant should have put more thought into staffing for a night that they KNEW would be busy because they took reservations! It was unacceptable. The place only got a second star because the tangerine chicken was good, but I would be hesitant to go here again because apparently my business means nothing to this restaurant.
4	We absolutely love the sizzling rice soup, and have had it multiple times since we first found Tottie's about a month ago.  We typically get it to go, but also had a good sit down experience last week. The restaurant is beautiful and our waitress was very friendly.  Our soup was superb as usual, though we weren't overly impressed with our sushi choices.  Either way, we'll definitely go back!
2	{Actual Date of Visit: 12/25/2011}I like the other yelper (below) chose Tottie's for Christmas dinner.  When I arrived, I was told it was a 20 min wait for takeout.  Seriously???  Just as I was told this, I saw others walk in and were immediately seated.  I was really hungry so I decided to eat there hoping my food would get to my belly quicker.  I sat at the bar and ordered my meal.  They were definitely understaffed.  I watched as one very dramatic patron complained about how long it was taking to get her food. The food took a really long time, but  I was satiated with my appetizer of veggie spring rolls.  I had never had cold spring rolls but I enjoyed them.  The Szechwan Style Bean Curd was flavorful and the portion was generous. Unfortunately the experience wasn't enough to make me wanna run back and eat here.Oh...and If you wrap my spring rolls up to go, wouldn't you think to wrap up the tasty peanut sauce that came with it??? Maybe it's just me...
4	My first review but not new to yelp. Anyways I've only experience the Thai food and the restaurant on Thomas & Hayden. I've been to this one numerous time just never really yelp about it. The pad Thai and pad se ew are both good! One of my favorite entree would have to be the Thai spicy seafood. It had enough flavor and spice that I wouldn't change a thing. Maybe more mussels and shrimp in it but I'm just being a bit greedy haha.
2	Perhaps it's my fault... We arrived 30 minutes before closing, knowing full well how incredibly rude that is. But after a long day we were tired and hungry and it's just around the corner from my house. Now, I've been around the Asian food block a few times and what we brought home was undefinable. We ordered Singapore noodles and orange chicken and egg rolls, which came out to be well over 30 dollars.I have to say for what they were charging and how long we waited, they must have mixed up our order or been playing a prank. I mean $8 dollars for pretty okay egg rolls? I don't care if you call them a "chef special" its not worth 8 bucks unless I pass out from deliciousness. And a 20 minute wait at the end of the night when no one is in the building. Perhaps everyone had gone home. Maybe the dish washers even made our food? That would explain why everything was the same color and why we walked out with a box of mint and lettuce. (that's abnormal right?)Sadly, as much as I wanted a neighborhood place to grab a yummy bite, I won't be back to this one.
2	Loved the atmosphere and great customer service, but the food was bland (at best) and the prices are too high.
5	Excellent food! I love love love it! Beautiful ambiance- tall bamboos, colorful walls - it is such a  positive place that just dining there refreshes my mind.Now for the food, great selection of drinks, very nice lend of both chinese and thai menu, Love the taste of their crispy fried rice soup-sizzling sound too :). My favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries. Must try if you like asian food!If they are too busy, service gets slow given that there ain't too many servers, but I go there to sit and dine at ease so no complaints. They have a small patio seating available as well and live music sometimes over the weekend.
4	Went with friends and found the wholeexperience enjoyable. Great atmosphere and loved the food. Rarely get to combineChinese, Thai and Japanese. Next timeI'll try the Vietnamese. Great lettuce wrapped spring rolls, all the home madeice creams made with coconut milk...
5	This is one of the best Asian meals you may ever eat. They are amazingly inexpensive for lunch too. The house fried rice and the wonton soup are perfection. The Lincoln location is prettier but the food is the same.
2	This review is based on ordering many things from the overall menu over a 1 year period, however one item there deserves a 5 star rating which I will get toOverall most of the items are fairly americanized and not traditional which you expect from a fusion place - however most items are very average and for the price I do not feel you get good value here That being said the one item that does stand out here is their Shrimp Tom Yum Soup which i feel deserves 4 if not 5 stars - it is excellent and flavorful, with a lot of shrimp - make sure to order a side of steamed rice with it medium hot, and you will have a stand out dishIn general their soups are solid, but the only thing I have not found better somewhere else is their Shrimp Tom Yum soupGo for the Tom Yum, get your Vietnamese soup from Khai Hoan down the road a few miles
4	Sweet baby Jesus!! I was here this past Saturday with the lovely Miss Jill C. We wanted to do our annual picnic but alas the weather was acting funny so we decided to head over for some yummy Thai food since that is what I was currently craving.It was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon, but then again they do not offer the lunch specials I have heard so much about on the weekends and sushi is not available until 6pm. Sad to say the least, but it did not deter us. We ordered some veggie spring rolls to share and after looking over the menu, can you believe all I ended up ordering was Pad Thai? Sad but that is what I really wanted. Jill ordered a yummy curry dish that had me wishing I had ordered some Panang but no worries as there will be a next time. OMG! The portions were HUGE. From the biggest veggie spring rolls I have ever seen to the massive portion of Pad Thai. I was in food heaven. Of course after a few bites I was like ok, time to wrap it up because I just couldn't eat anymore, but let me just say that the next day, my leftovers were spectacular. Especially since I had my Pad Thai extra, extra, extra spicy. Yummy indeed. Of course we washed it all down with some yummy Thai iced tea. I mean with all that spice, you need something cool to help soothe your tongue right.I will definitely try to make it to one of the locations for their lunchtime special but in the meantime, if you are craving some Thai, definitely check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
4	We went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. It was completely empty inside but what do you expect for late Sunday lunch time? The decor has some really cool Thai pieces, just too much of them. Too much bamboo and the like, but I find many Asian restaurants have this decor faux paux. Oh, and we commented to each other that the elevator jazz music was terrible! Some authentic Thai music or tranquil flutes would have been much more suited for the theme. On the flip side, our server was very friendly and filled our water glasses constantly throughout the meal. I'm a big fan of this and establishments always get stars from me for keeping my water filled!!We ordered 3 different noodle dishes, my husband and I were able to substitute tofu on ours and my brother-in-law ordered chicken. Since we weren't sure how spicy we wanted our meals, our server brought out a spice paste and spice oil for us to add ourselves and explained the differences of each. I had a huge portion for about $10, so I ate plenty and still have some for lunch tomorrow! There menu has a lot to choose from and everything sounds really delicious. Quite a few people had come in for take-out orders as well while we were there. I'm looking forward to my left-overs tomorrow!
5	i think this food is phenomenal. this was the first place i tried asian food in AZ when moving out here years ago. it has grown since then and the food is always top notch. for a late sunday afternoon lunch, the place was nearly empty but their takeout counter was constantly busy. our server was friendly and attentive and kept our water glass filled. it's been a while since i ate for the review for which i write so i don't remember exactly what it was, but it had the big, wide rice noodles which i love. i do remember that the dish was excellent and big enough to supply leftovers for lunch the next day. they ask how spicy and i've eaten thai food "spicy" and it is downright dangerous, so we opted for "medium" with a side of spice juice...which was HOT!we will continue to patronize Tottie's as they are consistent and the food and service has always been very, very, very good. and very reasonable prices.
4	We ordered the Sugercane chicken and the meal comes out with a vegetable plate and a little grill that you throw the Chicken on. This is a fun experience for $10. We also had the Seafood Tum yum soup and it came out like a hot pot but It wasn't that good like I had expected it to be better for $13. It was quite bitter. Ambience was nice though and our waiter B was amazing. He checked on us all the time to make sure we were ok. That is why they deserve a 4 star.
5	This place is the best. My friends and I get takeout from here all the time, and it's great because I can exercise my total indecision right up to choosing food, because they have sooooooo many choices. Thai? Vietnamese? Chinese? Sushi? Tottie's has it all, and it is ALL delicious. Sugar Cane Chicken? Pho? Pad Thai? What are you in the mood for!? The prices are pretty reasonable and the portions are decent, not overwhelming, but everything is flavorful and distinctive.
5	It's hard to find an authentic place to eat these days. The ambiance, decor, and food were just that. Everything we had was delicious (and unique, to us at least) from the Larb, to the spicy pickled cucumbers. The Pad Thai was wonderful as well. Our favorite by far, however, and large enough to feed 2-4 people alone was the Seafood Soup. The flavors were powerful and delectable. We were full for like two days, haha. Great service too. We went at 5pm on a Sat. night and we basically had the place to ourselves. It was very busy by 7pm. When we're back in that area, there is no doubt we will go there again!  Not expensive, very reasonably priced, ESPECIALLY considering how much food we had (and had left over). Reservations recommended.
2	Great ambience, okay service, boring food. Food was typical "fusion," heavy on the pseudo-Chinese influence, kind of like a Thai-inspired PF Chang's. Definitely not terrible but I won't go back.
4	Very diverse Asian menu!  If you have a hang over go for the Fo!
1	Great location, good egg rolls, bad service.  We were asked how spicy on a scale of 7 and were told that 3 is mild. I got a 3 and my friend a 4.  Both dishes were so hot and spicy, we couldn't eat!  The waitress noticed and didn't offer anything until she brought our check and by then , we just wanted to leave.  Also, when waitress brought my friend her drink, the waitress commented, "it's good! I know, I tried it!" guess that explains everything.  She did seem a bit too "happy".  Will not return.
1	This place is EXTREMELY hit or miss. My date and I went after always smelling the greatness on our way to volleyball, and were both disgusted by our meals. Do NOT purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp Panang. Both are not worth feeding to a rat. The crab rolls as an appetizer should just be thrown in the trash.... So terrible and basically stuffing your face with mint and a skin-like wrapper. Our friends even recommend certain dishes, but agree you can definitely go wrong at this place. I have been told to try the Pad Thai. Be weary of everything else.
5	I love Tottie's!!  I even came to the restaurant for my prom "date" night.  I have been to this restaurant several times for special occasions or birthday parties.  My favorite drink there is the Thai iced tea, but their regular iced tea is also extraordinary.  This is by far my favorite restaurant.  The owner is very warm and sincere.  She even comes by the tables when she isn't cooking to greet her customers.  The food sometimes is a bit pricey, but the food is worth it.  It is authentic food, not overly processed soggy asian food you get at some other places.  If you are wanting to go to have REAL food, with quality service and a nice atmosphere, go to Tottie's.  :)
4	Panang (sp?) is the only way to go!
4	After reading about Tottie's in the Phoenix mag, we wanted to see what the hype was about.  The atmosphere is very nice, charming decor and interesting paintings on the wall.  We ordered chicken panang (medium hot), spicy tuna sushi and Totti'es egg rolls.    The panang was flavorful and just the right amount of heat.  There was no way I could finish the large bowl it was served in.  The egg rolls were fresh and most tasty wrapped in the lettuce with a sprig of mint.  The sushi was fine but nothing over the top.    If you want sushi, go to a sushi bar.  Overall, a pleasant and tasty meal.  At least you can have conversation and not have to yell.
1	My wife and I visited from Los Angeles and happened to pass by after visiting Frank L Wright's home. We figured it would be nice to have a nice lunch there. The deco and atmosphere is nice but food is terrible. I ordered their special dish Siu Mai, after talking to the lady who seems to be the owner. I wanted to make sure they are not just frozen and made on their premises. She assured me they were good. But what a disappointment. Their so called Siu Mai was just ground chicken mixed with shredded carrots with 1 shrimp wrapped with won ton skin. It was plain, rough and tasteless. I prefer eating a slice of white bread than paying $5 for 4 little Siu Mai's. My wife order their Kung Pao Beef lunch special. Their sweet and sour soup was dark, watery and tasted awful. Kung Pao Beef had too much dark sauce and the portion was small for $7.50. My wife said only fried rice was OK. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	Was craving some Chinese food tonight and did a search for some in the area and came across Tottie's. It's only about a mile and a half from my house so I figured I'd give it a try for some take-out. I'm really glad I did.I arrived to a cute little restaurant with some great charm. I was greeted by the hostess and I placed my order for take-out. I ordered the Tom Kha Gai soup with chicken and the Sweet & Sour Chicken with steamed rice. She told me it would take about 10 minutes and there was a cute, relaxing waiting area in the middle of the restaurant I could wait in. They had magazines and a water feature to keep me occupied. About 10 minutes later she brought me my food and check to my little waiting area. I got home and tried the Sweet & Sour Chicken. While it was good it was very light in flavor but very red in color. Still tasty though. The Tom Kha Gai soup was perfect. Perfect amount of spice (on a 1-7 spice level I choose 5ish). Perfect amount of veggies and chicken. The servings were large to share so I certainly have left-overs. I can't wait to go back and either eat there or take-out again soon to try other items on the menu. Great service and very tasty food!
5	Try the Larb, it is on happy hour and it even comes in tofu as a veggie option. This one dish alone ($5) at happy hour would make me love this place but there were many more delights that made my visit so great.I don't drink with dinner but here it was happy hour all day sat, and they had a unique drink the Curry Gimlet, IT comes in a martini glass has a orange hue, it is fruity but has a curry finish from cardamom I assume, truly unique.Our dishes of Pad See ewe and Dragon noodles were great, and huge portions.   Rich flavors, well textured tofu and crisp veggies. When I made my reservation I let them know about the birthday of the person I was with. We were surprised with fried banana and ice cream along with a candle and signing it was great!
5	Service was as good as could be expected.  Atmosphere was very nice with elegant lighting and smooth jazz playing or Spanish guitar, thus the Fusion.  Food portions were generous and presented nicely.  Will definitly frequent this place.  Thank you!  Steven
4	Great place for all your favorite kinds of Asian food.  Wonderful service...it's a big place and they were busy, but since someone in our group was in a hurry to get to a flight they still managed to hurry things along.  Overall good food and huge portions.  The Happy Hour specials are great, too, so be sure to come during that time.
2	I ordered takeout with my family and our experience with Tottie's Asian Fusion was mediocre at best.  With the name Tottie's Asian "FUSION" you usually expect a new, and exciting take of two cuisines blended together.  However when you look at the menu, it is clear that it is just a standard asian restaurant menu.We started our meal with the Wonton Soup which we all admitted was not bad.  Had plenty of meat and nice wontons.  We also ordered Shrimp Tempura Spring Rolls which might as well have been just lettuce wrapped up in rice paper.  The ratio of veggies/cabbage to shrimp was absurd, and if you told me shrimp was in there I would told you to "GET OUTTA HEEEERREEE!"For the entree, I had the Shrimp in Lobster Sauce.  It was ok but lacked any seasoning or flavor; a theme that frequently reared it's head throughout the meal.  My mom's House Chow Fun was similar:  OK, but not anything that would wow you for the price.  Finally my dad had the Beef Chop Suey which was bland, and had no sauce what so ever.  It may however  had sauce when boxed up, but I am not sure as the boxes the entrees where packed in were flimsy styrofoam containers that leaked and kept our food nice and...."warm".  We did order a Tottie's Fried Rice, however they forgot to include it in the bag.  My mom did call in and they were very quick to apologize and credit our account which I appreciate.Overall, we found the food to not be worth the price charged.  Mediocre asian food, however if you are the only show in town (aside from P.F. Chang and Pei Wei), you can often get away with that.  Maybe the food is better in the restaurant, however I doubt my family will be back to try and find out.
3	This review PAINS me to write...because I used to be obsessed with Tottie's. I wonder if they changed cooks?Anyway - The sushi is still fantastic, the menu drink options are well chosen, and I LOVE the restaurant decor/aesthetics. Now onto the the sadness...The food is lacking flavor now. Everything is just...blah. Again, this pains me because I really used to like this place. I suppose, since I have gone all over the Valley in search of the perfect Thai Curries (I swear, I have found them) this place no longer holds up.Still, I'll be back for the sushi and house wines served up by kind people in a great looking place.1 star for each of its merits.
2	The food is ok, but I have experienced better Asian food. My sweet & sour was way to sweet, and my fried rice just seemed cold and stale. The edamame was greasy and didn't seem fresh at all. I doubt I'll come back here again, except they are open on Sundays and it's hard to find a restaurant open on Sundays.
3	It's ok. Nothing that would blow your mind. Just a normal asian fusion restaurant.
4	When we go in to eat its like seeing an old family member. Tottie and her staff always makes you feel welcome. Bun Tom is one of my favorites --Charbroiled pork, shrimp and Tottie rolls with fresh lettuce, fresh mint, peanuts and rice vermicelli. Pho Tai is great. Spring rolls are awesome. Depending on time of year she makes the most incredible avocado ice cream. Trust me, its perfection.
3	The hostess was kind of obnoxious..  She assumed we were with some party as soon as we walked in and told us that we were 'over there'.  Then when she realized we weren't with a party she placed us in a booth by the door although half the tables were open.  She yelled across the room often and when we left, the waitress said goodbye while she didn't even look up.Anyway, the spring rolls were decent but could use more pork and herbs and less vermicelli.  The rolls were kind of bland.  The peanut sauce they came with was very great.  The pad thai had very good flavor.  Its one of the better ones I've ever tasted.  If they cooked the noodles just 30-60 seconds less it would have been perfect.  Maybe if they got wider noodles...All in all, I might come back for happy hour.  Decent asian food.
4	Had to try this fusion as I have been looking for some good soup, and I was really surprised! The Pho was tasty, just had to add my Siracha. The Padang chicken was the really good part! I got a 5 on a 1-10 scale. Wasn't spicy enough, so I will go up next time. Glad I stopped to check it out.
5	Have been to many places but this is the best so far,it's great.
5	This place is my favorite Asian restaurant. Usually when you hear Asian Fusion you worry that it is going to be a variety of Asian food...and only a few things that are good. Totties does it all, and does it all well. I love Vietnamese food and their Pho and spring rolls are both great. They have good sushi too if you prefer Japanese. The list goes on. Totties is one I would definitely recommend.
2	Oh no, no, no! I went here for lunch today with my bestie after reading mixed reviews. We live close by and love sushi so...why not? We found out sushi is only served at night. I will look again, but I did not see that noted anywhere on their website. Ok, so sushi is out...plan B. I ordered the shrimp and broccoli with beef added and the mango, sticky rice with coconut milk for dessert. I paid extra for the beef, but didn't think about it until I ate the leftovers at home. NO BEEF!! What? Shrimp and brocolli with beef added...without the beef?The soup was gross (I can not think of a better adjective). Neither of us ate it. I told the waitress that we didn't want the soup and she nodded and walked away, leaving our full soups on the table for the entire meal. Was it her first day? For some reason the waitress brought our dessert with our meal!!! I thought about asking her to take it away and bring it when we were finished our meal, but horrible visions of people spitting in my food popped into my head, further spoiling my appetite. So my mango with sticky rice sat there untouched for about 25 minutes, probably collecting dust particles, lint and spit. GROSS!NOPE. I will NOT be back unless my meal is free.
2	I was expecting so much from Tottie's.  The entire experience was very unwelcoming and just lack authentic flavor in the dish we ordered.  Known as a Asian Fusion, I thought  would be a fusion of flavors, however they have a Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese and Chinese menu...not really a fusion.  The staff was somewhat obnoxious.  I overheard, one staff member tell our waitress, in a snobby tone, "They just want water" It was hot outside and yeah I would like some water to start off.  I would've gotten a drink but after hearing that, why bother. Staff members were later talking really loud about their lives and stories and was just really put off by it. The menu was overwhelming.  There were special Tottie's dishes which didn't have a description of it was. I asked about the Dragonfly dish, and what type of noodles they were.  The waitress started giving us an education in noodles in a rude tone.  I was just taken back and annoyed that I really wanted to just walk out.  I just wanted to know what it was.  We ordered an order of Tottie's Rolls and Pad Thai.  The description of the egg roll, said it may be the best you ever had.  When the dish arrived to our table, the bottom of the egg rolls were soggy and the meat inside was soggy and really wet.  Therefore, I can only assume these were frozen and placed into a fryer that wasn't at the right temp.  They lack taste and still doesn't compare to my mother's Thai recipe.  The Pad Thai was really wet and really sweet and didn't taste like Pad Thai.  Probably the second worse pad Thai dish I've ever had, next to Pei Wei. All in all we've had better, service and food.  I would recommend going somewhere else.  For two individuals that are Asian and have friends/family that have restaurants, we were far from being impressed.
1	A few months ago I went to this place at lunchtime. Looks like a nice place. I went in and waited at the front stand to be seated. No one came to the waiting area. I said "HELLO!" a few times. There were about five tables taken and plenty of empty tables available. I waited another five minutes or so and left. Not impressed...
4	Amazing food, great prices, friendly staff, and a great selection.  What more can you ask for?  I love the mandarin chicken and the homemade ice cream.  Asian Fusion at its best.
5	Food is outstanding and portion sizes are large.
3	The food is okay. I regularly get take out, but it's nothing to write home about. nonetheless, I recommend trying once or twice if you're in the area.
5	Solid.  Had the Thai stir-fry, and requested fresh ginger, met exact expectations
3	Probably my own fault as I was on a Vegetarian kick when I went in. I'm sure next time will be incredible, the food my date had looked delish!
2	So I'm not sure how this place gets a 4 star rating on Yelp but when you look at specific entrees at least for chinese entrees they're all "not bad" type of reviews.  But I had a pot sticker craving so I ordered a few items that seemed decent per reviews.The guy said 15-20min but it took 40 minutes.The pot stickers (which I got pan fried vs steamed) were actually more like deep fried.  The sauce is more sweet, not vinegary.  Not terrible but out of 6 there was about 2 that had a decent amount of filling, the rest had about a tablespoonful in a dumpling that is about 4 inches long and 3 inches tall.  The taste of the filling and the dumpling dough was good, just poor proportions and a bit greasy.The sweet and sour chicken was bright pink and more onion than anything else.  Overall somehow the dish was bland.  The rice that came with it was soggy - too much water. The pad see ew noodles were overcooked and clumped up into small cubed bits.  The flavor wasn't bad, but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish.Judging as these entrees that had decent ratings were not very good I don't think I'll be returning.
4	Love this place, great Thai food. We ordered Panang, Egg Rolls, Thai Fried Rice and Pad Thai. Everything was amazing except the Pad Thai. They use really thin noodles, which I've not seen before. It wasn't my favorite, but everything else was delicious. I would definitely go back!
5	We LOVE Tottie's and have enjoyed the food, ambiance and service for years! I'm not sure if we've tried everything on the menu, but every entree we've ordered has been amazingly delicious.  My husband especially likes the ice creams.  There's quite a selection and everyone is made on the premises.
1	Tottie's has a large dinner menu, but they only offer a portion of that menu for lunch specials.  The lunch menu has rotated over the 8 years I have been going to Tottie's.  They have traditionally allowed regular menu items as lunch specials when not listed, especially when they were offered as lunch specials in the past.  Like I said, over eight years I have seen several lunch menus.  Today, I asked for the Sesame Chicken (my favorite) and was told that could not be offered as a lunch special, only as a full-priced dinner item.  My next lunch menu option was not what I expected and I was disappointed (cashew chicken).  With the multitude of restaurants in the area, I need to find another Asian Food location for the future.  Any suggestions?
4	Went here with a couple of friends for dinner and really enjoyed the food! We ordered egg rolls, shrimp fried rice, and shrimp panang. The egg rolls were so good, we ordered another batch lol. The fried rice and panang were delicious as well. My friends ordered garlic chicken as well and didn't enjoy that. Other than that, service was good and waiters are friendly.
4	The egg drop soup is the best I have ever had. The Tottie rolls are also amazing. I am never disappointed when we eat here.
2	So, I was feeling a little "meh" today, and decided some Thai soup would magically make me better. I'm still regurgitating the soup as I write. It was like a Great Sea Monster came in my mouth. Salty, fishy -- though not much fish was actually in the broth -- and just an overall sense of death and despair. I liked the Bunsen burner in the middle of the bowl. It flickered and sent little sparks in the air. It was Tottie's way of evoking hell, and it was pretty ingenious. I'd describe the color of the soup as "menstrual." A muddy brown-red that complimented the over-cooked flakes of fish. The fish, like so many of us, had just given up. There was no point in being irresistible anymore, swimming in a hot sea of salty discharge. I waited so long just to flag down the waiter so I could get a glass of water to wash the taste of regret out of mouth. As the minutes rolled by, I thought about things: the brevity of life, how 1 hour and 20 minutes have gone by that I'll never back, if the guy across from me was flirting with me...maybe not. Ok, let's just say he was. A waitress came at last with a glass of water, which I chugged. She asked if I wanted to take the soup home, but I decided to leave it and have it donated to people who are feeling bad about themselves. I might come back on Ash Wednesday, or  when I need to punish myself, or experience my own personal Apocalypse in the comfort of an Asian restaurant.
5	Where else can you go and have Vietnamese egg rolls, shrimp dynamite sushi with Chinese hot and sour soup and thai fried noodles? And follow that up with house made non-dairy jackfruit and avocado ice cream?  That's what so great about this place! You can create the craziest menu and everyone is satisfied.
2	I would have given it more stars if either service or food was good.  But both were mediocre.  The only thing that was good was the Jasmine tea.  We went there for lunch and most waiters were very young and untrained.   Nothing against being young, but they didn't know how to be a good waiter.  First they forgot about our table and didn't come to get our order for 15 min.  After they brought our food, they never came to check if we had enough water to re-fill it. We made small modification to one of the dishes and they put the extra veggies in the wrong dish.  Waiters were courteous, but green.  They just need to be trained better.  Food was subpar.  We are from Seattle area, so we are accustomed to higher quality Asian dishes. Maybe the folks who gave this place higher star haven't had really good Asian food to compare against.
5	One of my favorite places in Scottsdale to grab some pad Thai or shoji noodles and a Thai iced tea.  The place is set back in a strip mall setting. When you walk in you will notice the love of elephants because they are everywhere. The restaurant is kind of quiet but the service has always been excellent. I love that there is so many different Asian cuisines to choose from.  I had a taste of their Roger roll the last time I was there and was happy with the quality of sushi although not a large variety but still a good menu. The staff was very accommodating for my sister who is a vegetarian too. This is a great place to have a quiet intimate meal, business meeting, or group get together.
2	"I can't believe I drove so far for this place" comes to mind when I recall my experience here. Excuse me to my pals who think this place is all that. I guess we all can't have the same opinions; we'd just be robots. Maybe  they had a bad day, as in a really bad day - with the word really underlined, twice. Problems with the kitchen, problems with the service, problems with the fact they're even open. The high point of this experience was waiting for my friend to show up, I stopped at the second hand store next door and didn't buy anything.At this point, I don't care to remember what I ordered, I just remember trying to order it a 6 of 7 and the waitress scoffed at me and asked if I was sure I wanted it that spicy. "You can always make it hotter, but can't make it less spicy." I guess that was true because I gave in and ordered it a 5. What I didn't realize was that the waitress meant to say I ordered a 5 on a scale of 1-100, cause this didn't have any spice at all. bleh...After a few bites I calmly explained that on a scale of 1 to 7 that my dish was more like a 0, no spice at all. Her response, if you really must know, she said, sorry, we just had a "big order from a table of 6 people" if you want the kitchen to re-make your order, it will be about 30 minutes. Instead of waiting for 30 minutes, I asked if she could bring me some thai chili peppers and some chili paste to add to my dish, I'd just take care of it myself instead; she showed up with chili oil and soy sauce. :-/ Thanks, I guess. I pushed through, spiced up my dish to satisfaction and 'enjoyed' the rest of my meal, but mostly the conversation with my friend and not really the meal or the dining experience. My friends dish was pretty sub satisfactory to her, and she asked the waitress to just take it back. The waitress didn't seem to want to just take the dish from the table and leave it at that, after insisting on making a new dish to replace the unsatisfactory dish about five times. Instead of just returning the dish, she gave in to the waitress and selected something different. While her replacement dish was better, but not awesome, she ended up getting charged for the replacement dish she didn't really want to begin with.Given the choice, next time I'll aim for taco bell. Not exactly apples to apples in comparison, but at least I wont have to spend a lot for crummy service and mediocre food.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
5	I have been a regular at Tottie's for over 4 years. Tonight I had such a wonderful experience I felt compelled to write about it . Our waitress (Kelly) really helped recommend a fantastic dinner for my wife and I. She took the time to answer our questions on the menu and was quite personable. My wife ended up getting the Hot and Sour soup based on her recommendation and absolutely loved it. . Even though the restaurant was extremely busy from the New Years crowd, she checked back often to see how things were going, etc. We ordered appetizers and she coordinated with the kitchen to get them all out together as my beef on skewers took a little longer than the Philly roll. Kelly also recommend me to have the coconut ice cream when I was looking for a dessert to top off the meal. I went with it, and wow was it flavorful. Made with coconut milk and totally fresh. Not to mention huge portions! Enough for 2 to share!We also had take out orders of Sushi and she worked to time those so they came out with our check. I know its always easier to write a complaint when you have had bad service, but I have to say its been a long time since I had the level of service that Kelly provided tonight. I hope others are fortunate enough to have her as a waitress in their visits to Totties. I will definitely be back! Joe
4	Went to Totties being Noodles Ranch is closed Sundays. The tom kha gai was really good at a spice number 7. She laughed on the phone hearing a white boy order something so spicy. The ambiance inside is really interesting as well. I'm definitely looking forward to trying their pho there next time!
3	Located in the back corner of the mall.  Quick takeout. Interior seating is nice with a L bar for sushi and plenty of booths for groups.  The fried egg roll appetizer was very good with plenty of pork filling. The pad see ew was over spiced with what I believe is basil, but a very large portion.  They give plenty of beef and broccoli in the pad see ew, but not enough noodles, I would have preferred a little more.  I also like how they ask what level of spice you'd like, 0 - 10; after ordering a level 2, there was barely any spice to it, I can't imagine what a 0 would be, nor could I imagine the level of spice in a 10.
4	Had a late lunch here on Sunday 2/15. I was one of maybe 4 tables and despite the food being above average, the service was pretty slow to nonexistent. No check-ins to refill my water in the 40 minutes I waited to get my meal seemed odd. I would give it another shot though. Could of just been an off day or new server.Update: I thought I should note that Owner Mark contacted me within a day of my review to address my less than perfect experience. This in itself shows how much pride he takes in providing top notch food and service. I have changed my review from 3 to 4 stars in recognition of Mark's commitment. Thank you Mark.
4	Great, large menu and pleasant staff.
2	I usually go to Phoenix twice a month for business meetings. The meetings used to be on Noodles Ranch is closed on Sundays so I decided to try Tottie's. The decor was nice, put that was about it. The food is flavorless and that is why I usually love Asian food for the spice and flavor. The Spring Rolls were odd...a combo of shrimp and pork. Usualyy it's one or the other and the pork was just odd...no other way to explain it. The pho is super bland! Make sure to ask for chili oil and paste to give it some flavor!The other thing was atmosphere. The area I was seated in was quiet with some couples enjoying an eveing out and then they sat a group of 4 already drunk diners in our area chuging down sake and sake bombers. Why they would not have seated them on the other side of the restaurant is beyond me. Diners were just rushing to finish their dinner so they could escape!The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the service was good and the decor was nice.
4	A little bit on the pricey side but I love this place! I always get the chicken pad Thai!
4	This review is about my second experience at Tottie's. Our waitress was super nice and cute. She was also helpful and when she didn't know the answer to a question we had she went and found out the answer very quickly and didn't try to just make up some nonsensical answer to appease us which I appreciated.I had the Pad Kra Pao with beef with level 7 Thai hot which is the top level of crazy there (no biggie). The basil on top was all in a big bunch that I had to off the leaves myself which I didn't love having to do but I think was part of their presentation with a big cabbage leaf underneath as well so it was not a huge deal. I enjoyed my meal much and liked the heat. It was a good mix of veggies and I especially like the red peppers and bamboo shoots in there. The waitress didn't check on us till near the end of the meal and I generally like them to see how we like everything a few minutes after we get our food so that's where the service surfaced. She was willing to bring all the Tice we wanted to with our food free of charge and gave a bunch more extra rice in the boxed up food she gave to the people I came with who did not finish their meals. Overall really good meal and I'll most likely be back sometime relatively soon.
5	This is my second time coming here and this place is bomb!! It's a very casual,low lighting atmosphere with lots of heaping portions of food selections... Try anything with Totties in front and it's to die for!! Only bad thing about this restaurant is it's not open on Mondays :-(
2	I was very disappointed with this place. The egg drop soup smelled like a wet dog and looked pretty gross too. I couldn't even bring myself to try it. The egg rolls were ok, they could have been more crunchy. The fried rice was decent. I got the panang chicken curry and the flavor was pretty good. I won't be back here. There are way better places around for Thai or Asian food.
4	This place is great. There are a ton of different Asian inspired options. Really decent portion size and constantly delicious.
5	Totties is great, they have some of the best food I've ever had. I love the sushi as well. I ordered the channel made but instead of chicken and shrimp I ask for a muscles instead and it's amazing! I could eat this everyday!
5	Awesome!!!!!   Always good.  love the PHO.    so fresh!   spring rolls are great too
5	Really good and quite surprising given the location. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and stayed for almost and hour. Great presentation and flavor, all around. The service was prompt and accurate. I will definitely be back again soon.
5	Tottie's is a family owned restaurant where customer service prevails. The food is mouth watering to look at and painfully delicious to eat. Painful? WHA- The problem is how much you'll want to eat.My friend and I stopped in for a late afternoon bite. We had just missed the lunch specials (but that's ok! more to take home) and settled into our luxurious booth. The restaurant offers a variety of seating, ranging from tables to booths to the bar. All look equally appealing. (And can readily accommodate groups.)Michael charmed us with the joy and eagerness he exuded. After ordering Pad Thai and Panang Curry he generously offered us soup leftover from lunch. (And our rubber arms quickly said yes!) SOUPWhy does this have it's own category? The egg drop soup and sweet and sour are *only* served during lunch hours. (11am - 2pm). If you're lucky some might be leftover and Michael might be around to share. You should try those two soups. And here's a trick. Try those two soups mixed together.Hoy My Goodness.The sweet and sour is a powerfully strong soup offering a kick of spice. The egg drop soup is rich (and has mushrooms, which work quite well) and creamy in a different way. Together? You've got to try it. I highly recommend it. HAPPY HOURRuns Tuesday thru Friday, 5pm - 7pm. Food and drink specials abound. Sushi rolls are discounted and they offer things like Sake Bombers, Mimosas, a Riesling and a red blend for $5. (Some other wines for $4. Budlight for $2.50.) FOODThe Pad Thai delivers on all levels. If you really want it fire engine hot they will provide additional spices. The Panang Curry kicks butt. Spicy means enough to clear your sinuses but not make you cry. The dinner portions are ginormous. You could readily share a meal...but then there'd be no leftovers!I'd definitely throw in a Thai Tea if you've never had one. It's almost smoky in taste (yet sweet) and goes down too quickly.SERVICEI don't know how he did it, Michael must have eyes in the back of his head or something, but my Diet Pepsi was never empty. I slurped down three that I can remember. And he even offered to provide one to go!This place rocks!p.s. there's another location in northern scottsdale.
5	Loved my meal at Tottie's last night! I had the Salmon with red curry sauce and it came with a heaping pile of expertly steamed veggies (including bok choy and broccoli) and a really flavorful red curry sauce. Ordered it at a heat-level of 6, which was just spicy enough for me. I do like things spicy, but not Thai hot! Had the mango ice cream for desert and that was yummy too. Husband had the panang curry, which he very much enjoyed. Other dinner companions were regulars and one of them always gets the lemongrass stir-fry, so that's a good option too. Service was good as well.
4	One of my wife's favorite places to frequent. Every time we go, we order the the Tottie roll's as a starter. Their is never anything wrong with a crispy spring roll, red leaf lettuce, fresh mint, and cilantro, with a wonderful sweet sauce to top it off. They make there own chili paste in house, you just have to ask for it. YUMMMMY! I am a huge fan of the Panang curry, I usually do chicken and shrimp with a side of rice. They can be a bit stingy with the shrimp and they have a bad gauge of how much heat they add into the meal as its all over the map. However, they make up for it with quality food. My wife always orders the chicken Pho and they always accommodate her excessive amounts of vegetables she asks for :). To top it off they never charge extra. Go Tottie's! Comfortable atmosphere, the servers are always friendly, and the water guy is always on top of his game, you will never have an empty glass. We love Tottie's you should go!!!
5	Totties is by far my favorite Asian restaurant! I don't typically dine-in as I'm not crazy about the inside. The Totties Fried Rice is out of this world! It is a little overpriced, but definitely worth it!
5	Stopped in for lunch and was surprised by how tasty everything was. Egg drop soup, Panang with shrimp, fried rice, Thai iced tea. Food coma time!
3	Heard about this place from friends. Was excited to try it. Not really impressed. Food was just flavorful enough to not be bad. Meh....egg rolls were mushy inside. Sugarcane chicken was ok.
3	Not a bad experience, but not amazing. We did Kung Pao chicken, sugarcane chicken, and egg rolls. Everything was a little more bland than the Asian style food we are used to. Will be coming back to try some different dishes...
4	There food is great of course, but I wanted to leave kudos for our server Blake! He was supper funny, and when I asked for a Sierra Nevada, and he accidentally brought me a Sierra Mist he made up for it by offering the next one for free and just had a great attitude. I hope his management team recognizes his potential and awesome customer service.
5	This place is great. The quality of food is great and the portions are huge.  And our waitress Megan was awesome.  We recommend this place if you love any kind of oriental foods.
5	Seriously some of the best fusion food I've tasted.  Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese all mixed into one... Mmm mmm good!
5	My boyfriend & I were here tonight. Stephanie was fantastic! The food incredible-- we will now be regulars. Thank you:)
5	My fiance and I love this place. It is a hidden gem and our go-to sushi spot. We always have a great experience but our dinner last night was even more outstanding thanks to the great service from our waiter Doug. He was so professional and pleasant. Despite the fact that he was extremely busy he took quality time at each table and kept a smile on his face the whole night. He was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. That is the definition of excellent customer service. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	We went to try out a new restaurant for our usual foodie Friday and decided Asian Fusion sounded different. Now we were a little worried when we saw it was in a strip mall but the reviews were good so we went in. My coworkers chose something if the lunch menu. They chose the Kang Keo Wan at different spice levels. I tried #3 and it had a little kick and was very good. I actually ordered the Pho with beef and meatballs. It was delicious. I added more spice because I like it a little spicy and the broth was flavorful. I didn't really care for the meatballs but the beef strips were good. Now there was an issue with my order and it took longer to come out. My coworkers started eating their meals while I waited. I didn't mind because Blake had already given me a free bowl of egg drop soup and apologized for the mishap. He also brought me some ice cream to take with me. He is very polite and professional so it was really not a big deal. We will definitely be back.
5	i still think this is one of the better thai restaurants in the valley. they continue to keep the food consistent, and if you're not feeling thai but still want asian, their menu has plenty of chinese and vietnamese options as well. mid-range price point and everything i've had so far has been absolutely delicious. even the ubiquitous pad thai is really well done and in a huge portion.
5	This place has been a huge and pleasant surprize. I pride myself in knowing what great asian food is, being I am half asian and I grew up on asian food every day, rice and kimchee lol! This place has given me hope for asian restaurants that claim to be asian fusion. To me, they did it right. And even better!This location offers EXTREMELY, perfectly executed AND authentic sushi, Vietnamese,  Thai AND Chinese dishes!!!! WHATT?!! :DTo top it off, the service is great, they offer many vegetarian dishes, AND ITS SO CUTE INSIDE! Prices are legit, and I couldint ask for anything more. So stoked that I found this place!!!
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review here yet! I LOVE Tottie's. If you love curry and lemongrass and coconut and basil and everything good in this world, you will too. -Their pad thai is insanely addicting. I get takeout all the time. Favorite drunk food by far. Let me tell you, I love spicy food, but you have to go easy on this. Like a 4 or a 5. Still spicy, but not overwhelming.-Got the shrimp panang because of the reviews, definitely recommend it. -Tom Ka Gai was fantastic. -Still have yet to try their pho or sushi, but I'm ecstatic that they serve such a variety of foods. boom. Thank you Tottie's.
5	yum green curry chicken. waiter was helpful and nice. i didnt have a hard time ordering. will come back!
4	Just ordered carry-out while at work and was pleasantly surprised. The one thing I would say is definitely order the lunch portion. The dinner portions are massive! The vegetables are very fresh and not over cooked. The carry-out service was accommodating (split the bill for each person's order). When we opened the bags we were surprised to see that they individually wrapped each entree in a separate bag to avoid spilling. The entrees were flavorful, but not overpowering. Will definitely return and be more daring on my selection.
5	Ordered totti's spring rolls (very crispy and delicious !) Panang curry and changmai noodle that were also so delicious (loved the deep coconut flavor and basil)One mistake WE made - ordering Panang curry and changmai noodle together because their base curries were the same (I think) we wanted to try different dishes and share but we didnt know their base curries were going to be similar/same.We will definitely come back to this place though !
4	We ordered take out for several of us at work after hearing rave reviews from a co-worker that lives near Tottie's. The menu is really diverse and almost overwhelming when trying to make a choice. We ordered several selections: sesame chicken, spring rolls, hot and sour soup, wraps and Tottie's Pan Fried Noodles. The portions were huge! We all were impressed with the food and had no complaints. The food was clearly fresh (something you don't always get at asian restaurants) and while we ordered it for takeout, attention had been paid to presentation.Three of us wanted to pay separately and this was easily accommodated. One huge plus: they made sure to double bag the entrees and soup to ensure that they didn't spill/leak while in transit - definitely appreciate this level of attention to detail. They didn't provide utensils or soy sauce, but provided all other condiments and sauces the entrees required. My co-worker picked up the order and commented that the decor in the restaurant was unique. He said the staff was friendly and efficient.We were all pleased and will definitely return/order take out again in the future.
5	This place impressed us.  The atmosphere is enjoyable,  our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and passionate about the food.  We ordered the spring rolls and chicken panang which did not disappoint.   What a burst of flavors!
5	Amazing. Dragonfly noodles with chicken, pho with beef, Las Vegas roll and flaming tuna roll. All exceptional. Service was amazing and quick. Place was also very clean.
4	Very good Thai food. I came right at 11 and ordered the lunch Shrimp Pad Thai. For the price you really can't beat it...pad Thai with white rice egg roll and egg drop soup and a hot tea to drink for only $11. There was plenty of left overs that will make my dinner tonight.
3	Totties is like the #basicbitch of Asian restaurants. Super Americanized Asian food from all over the place. Not bad but not that great.
2	Came here early Sunday to pick up a to-go order consisting of Beef Pho, Tottie Rolls and two soft drinks.The Tottie Rolls: The reason I added an extra star to this review. Decent sized, nice crispy outside and flavorful filling. The dipping sauce mint and lettuce added to the enjoyment although I think that the dipping sauce was slightly too sweet .The  Beef Pho:Soggy overcooked noodles that were stuck together in a unappealing clump, thick chewy pieces of overcooked beef (it's supposed to come raw and very thinly sliced),no lime, small amounts of bean sprouts and flimsy, wilted garnishments and funky unpalatable broth. Can't believe they call this pho. It's not. I've had amazing pho from all over, even semi-amazing pho, and this place was very disappointing in comparison.Soft Drinks:They didn't put them in our bag. $4+tax wasted. I should have checked to make sure they were there, but still annoying none the less.$27 later and I'm still craving pho. Boo.
3	After visiting Tottie's a few more times recently it seems at the owners/management is failing at quality control. Less attention is paid to detail and the taste is losing its pizzazz. I really hope they reflect on internal quality so the restaurant doesn't continue its downward trend.
2	Not impressed. The pad thai tasted off  and the panang curry with shrimp was completely devoid of flavor/spice. Only the fried tofu and chicken satay were good and those are pretty impossible to mess up. The search for decent Thai in the valley continues....
1	I went here because my favorite Pho soup restaurant was closed. I was skeptical with the word "fusion" on it but decided to give it a try. When I walked in I was greeted by a "tired" looking lady who was trying to be nice but you could tell it was not in her. I ordered the Beef Pho soup and what I got was far from Beef Pho. When it was a clear chicken broth looking soup that lacked many of the traditional flavor of a authentic Pho soup. It honestly tasted like Campbell's chicken soup. The beef was not sliced thin like a traditional Beef Pho instead it was hard and rubbery pieces of beef that had so much gristle inside it that I was unable to eat it. It was a major turn off. I had also ordered pork egg rolls and you guessed it...it had rubbery pork pieces inside it with mushy cabbage. I finally just put my fork down and kindly paid my bill and walked out. While I was there I couldn't help notice that they had a sushi station and that they also sold Thai food, Chinese food, Vietnamese food and Sushi. These are way too many items to have a one restaurant. The problem is that when places like this offer different items they tend to do them below average instead of concentrating of doing one type of food good and this is the case with this place. It tastes horrible, stay away.
3	We went here for dinner (It was Christmas night). Love that they have bike racks right outside the restaurant - we rode our bikes there on the greenbelt and it was super convenient. We were seated right away even though the hostess seemed unsure she could seat us since we didn't have reservations. The service was friendly and efficient, but lacked basic things like silverware (we had to ask for it) and napkins (we also had to ask for them but they were never brought)The food was good and I honestly was skeptical of the different cuisines served (sushi, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai) but my sushi was pretty good and my date's Kung Pao Chicken got a thumbs up. The pad thai and curry looked really good too and I couldn't decide between Thai and sushi -- sushi ended up winning.Will be back for happy hour. Hoping that the subpar service was because it was a busy night. Next time I'll be trying the Thai!
3	Pho spots in Old Town are as rare as beauty and brains. Service is good and may be the reason I come back; that and my go-to spot was closed. Take out is quick. Tottie egg rolls are decent. Dipping sauce is purely fish sauce so if you're not Asian, ask for sweet and sour sauce. Pho broth is ok but you can mask bland with sriracha. Side note, boiling oxtail shouldn't be rocket science. For the price, I have had better especially when there was a rumble in my tummy. If it wasn't the rent for space, I think Scottsdale would be flooded with noodle houses. East Valley definitely has got this down.
2	Not a good experience. Like going to the DMV for lunch.  Apparently it is called Asian Fusion because the food was a fusion of both tasteless and salty.  The art was cool at least.
1	I want you guys to keep in mind that I downloaded the yelp app just to rant about this terrible place. I ordered the chicken pad Thai and it literally tasted like how old people smell. I'm never going there again unless it's to catch up with an ex girlfriend.
5	I have been to Tottie's on Thomas Rd many times and each experience has been fantastic.  The food is tasty and bountiful, the servers are attentive and friendly, the atmosphere is intimate with far East decor and yet casual and comfortable.  They also have a small list of fruity cocktails, plus a few simple beers and wines.  I have never been to 2nd location on N Scottsdale Rd.I love Thai food and have had it in many cities across America (have lived in NYC, Miami, Portland OR, Seattle, Chicago, to name a few cities).  There are maybe 3-4 Thai joints that I would give 5 stars, including this place. This is the best Tom Yum Soup I have ever had.  It comes in one of those big aluminum bowls with the Sterno flame in the middle to keep it hot.  I think Tottie's offers heat at levels 1-4, and then also Thai Spicy (aka level 5).  My wife and I ordered it Thai Spicy.  It definitely packed some heat, but not so much that it burned the taste buds off your tongue so as to ruin the flavor of the dish. For me, it was the perfect level of spicy hot.  And more important, it was super tasty with all the characteristics you want in this spicy and sour soup.  Like all the best versions of Tom Yum, I pulled out fresh chunks of lemongrass, galangal and kaffir lime leaves as I ate.  We had the Seafood option with scallops, white fish, mussels & shrimp (other choices are chicken or just shrimp).  It had a good amount of seafood, very hearty.  The amount was way too much for just my wife and I.  We both had 2 bowls each, and then took about half of the pot home.I have had the Panang Curry multiple times here.  Panang is my personal favorite type of curry.  I always get the chicken option.  The full dinner order is a huge portion.  I am a very big eater, but ended up taking half of my plate home.  The Panang is also offered as a lunch special option (with about 20 other choices - very inexpensive lunch deals, before 3 PM only).  Lunch special is the same super delish food, but a smaller portion.  And by smaller, I mean I can finish it in one sitting and am quite full.  I expect a lot of people would have left overs ... like I said, I am a big eater.   Other stand outs include Tottie Rolls and/or Spring Rolls with peanut sauce for appetizers, Kang Keo Wan (green curry) with mussels, pan fried noodles, and their traditional Pad Thai.  All of these are wonderfully done.  Oh, and the fried rice is really really good, too -- fluffy and flavorful, not greasy.I have never tried their Pho or Sushi so cannot comment. I will eventually venture to try more items, but so luv the Tom Yum and Panag that I find it hard to order other items.   FYI - sushi is not available until after 5 PM.  I know because I tried to order it for lunch.  When rejected, I got the Tom Yum soup ... again. Enjoy!  :-)
5	I've been coming to this place since it used to have a different name more than 10 years ago. Their food is amazing. Sometimes we come in just for soup, I get Pho, my daughter gets sizzling rice, my husband Pho as well. I love the Thai dishes, I'm a panang fanatic! My husband usually get's something with fish. We have brought at least 15 of our best friends and family and they love it too. They have chinese selections, and have different chefs tending to different regions. They Sushi guy rocks it too.Dessert calls for mango sticky rice or one of their sumptuous home made ice creams.This is a family owned place, and they have opened another one a it further north on Scottsdale Rd. Both restaurants are stunningly decorated and clean as you can find. Don't miss this place.
5	I could literally eat here everyday. The only downside is that sushi isn't always available, but the quick service, perfectly cooked rice, mouthwatering sauces, and great selection in different cuisines makes up for it by far. And I prefer places that will wait for their sushi guy to come in at night to make a perfectly balanced and delicious roll!
