5	Truly all Italian! 80%+ imported foods from Italy!You can find almost everything under the sun Italian here!From imported high quality olive oil $$$ to very affordable olive oil $, so many types of pastas starting at .79 ea!, also frozen cannelloni, fazoletti, tortellini, ravioli and more! The have a nice selection of bottled tomatoes crushed to make to make you own tomato sauce. Jars of imported olive that are soooo tasty you'll want to just finish the whole jar immediately starting at only $4.95! They have biscotti, a large selection of jars with pesto, sun dried tomatoes, jardeniaries, egg plant and more! They have a section that is sole for a large variety of cheeses, freshly cut cold cuts....there is just toooo much to mention! I know people that come from Lasalle to shop here!! You have to at least come and see and save its worth it!
5	Note the hours of business on the listing:Saturday Open until 2:00 PMSunday Closed
5	They easily have the best selection and prices around for Italian goods.  I've never seen another store that has better prices than them.  This is the only place I'll go to for all things Italian especially since  I've found products at this place that until now I'd only seen in Italy.  It is really only accessible by car however the trip is totally worth it.   Also it's never open late so that's something to take note of.  On weekdays it's open 8 to 5 and on Saturdays from 8 to 2.  Sunday's it's closed.
4	Wow I'm really happy I found Berchicci.  It really is a nice change from me having to trek down to little Italy to my regular joint Milano.  If their store hours here were a bit friendlier to my schedule (only open to 2 PM on Saturdays and closed Sunday) I believe I would be here even more!Let me preface this review by mentioning I just returned from 2 weeks in Italy. Coming to shop here I noticed a bunch of other items that were not available at other Italian grocery stores. One such was blood orange juice (arancia rossa). There is a very large selection of all your Italian staples and basics. Also a deli counter and plentiful selections of cheeses. Another great thing was they had this high quality pasta on for 6 bags of dried pasta for $5. Can you say C-R-A-Z-Y prices! There are weekly specials. In the back it's like a mini- Italian Costco with food on pallets and you have the opportunity to buy one or bulk units at very reasonable inexpensive prices!Definitely a great find, but you need a car to head here as it's a bit tucked away in the Montreal N/RDP boundary.
