3	Visited this place today during lunchtime, from what I could make out seems to have open yesterday, or the day before. I've heard good things about Smoke's from its other Canadian locations (mostly in Toronto) and figured that as a poutine afficianado I should give the place a whirl.DECOR:This little shop on the corner of Bishop/Maisonneuve doesn't look like much from the outside, nestled into an old apartment building ground floor, but once you go inside the kitsch abounds. There is a plaid and sleek metal decor using some diner tropes mixed in with an abundance of what I can only guess is Smoke's mascot (glasses face guy - perhaps Smoke himself?). It's clean serviceable, and there about a dozen tables to enjoy your food at. Though given the menu this will easily become a take-out type place.MENU: There are over 20 varieties available for your eating pleasure, all poutine, all the time. The only non-gravy offerings are plain fries or sodas. The print/website menu is fabulously constructed, breaking down poutine variations by category (traditional, pork, italian, beef, vegetarian) however there exists no logical hierarchy for the in-store display, leaving all newbile customers scouring the tableau for a poutine that might suit there tastes. Thankfully I came prepared and ordered a large (~500g) Double Pork Poutine (chipotle pulled pork, double-smoked bacon & peppercorn gravy) -.9.99$ Unfortunately, they had run out of peppercorn gravy (I know it's non-traditional gravy, but I figured I'd give a whirl), so my selection was upgraded to the Triple Pork (chipotle pulled pork, double-smoked bacon, Italian sausage & traditional gravy) without charge. In order to quench the thirst that this salt-bomb would most certainly bring on, I opted for one of their "Pop Shoppe" sodas on offer - specifically the root beer. These fancier pop offerings come at a premium though versus their corporate canned contemporaries and thus I paid the 2.50$ for the upgraded soft drink.PRICE:My total bill with tax came out to 14.07$ for my large Triple Pork poutine and Pop Shoppe Root Beer. Definitely steep for a fast food fling, but the does food measure up?SERVICE:Although the cashier and cook were polite and quick to respond to the lack of peppercorn gravy, you can tell these guys are still pretty wet behind the ears as it took my compatriot and I about 10 minutes from walking to sitting down with our food (with only 1 person ahead of us). Hopefully as business picks up at this place, they'll get their processes down pat and be able to churn out the potato-gravy-cheesey goodness with haste, they simply cannot afford not to IMO.FOOD: The packaging is certainly an interesting take, with the poutine served in a flat version of an Asian takeout box, atypical of poutine take-out which usually comes in a styrofoam or aluminium container. I must applaud this packaging decision as it most certainly promotes the best doggy bag strategies and should essentially impart no off-tastes to the contents. My poutine was presented quite appealingly with crispy bacon, bits of actual sausage and pulled pork on display at the top of my stack of fries, and again here nothing to fault. The taste test of the individual toppings yielded favorable results with the bacon offering a satisfying crunch, the sausage being very meaty and the pulled pork having a good enough twang to not overpower to poutine itself. Unfortunately it becomes a bit of a disappointment at the base. The fries on their own are pretty bland, the traditional gravy a little watery and tasteless (just salty, no beefy undertones or special blends of spices to be detected) and the cheese breaks the cardinal rule of the ultimate poutine - it melts. Now this last bit is really more of a personal preference, but I just can't take any poutine with cheese that's just melted into a string mess seriously. I've been fortunate enough to enjoy poutine all over the province, and there some great cheese factories that produce some the best cheese curds that don't fall apart when surrounded by hot gravy and fries, they preserve the squeakiness and marvelous structure that is Quebec cheese curds.THE BOTTOM LINE:If you are hankering for some poutine with a vast assortment of varieties with great toppings, then Smoke's is worth checking out. It's definitely going to be pretty big with the late-night downtown crowd, provided they can get the word out since they are off the Ste-Catherine strip. However you should go in expecting a rather bland base poutine complemented by great toppings. I do look forward to trying this place out again in a few months to see if they've stepped their game a bit, where hopefully some of the short-falls are mostly due to its recent opening. Is it better than Banquise, I'd say about the same. If you really want some unsung poutine hero, try Depanneur Nouveau Forum at Crescent/Ste-Catherine (yes a dep...) that one is a tough contender.*** out of *****
1	All around disappointment.Main issues: Fries sauce and cheese were nothing to write home about. When that is what your whole menu is based upon you got a big problem IMO.  It was all pretty bland.There was one thing that really made me want to go back and complain about. If I don't like the food then I just don't go back, that part is simple, but if I ask out right if the containers are fine for take out and get these flimsy paper take outs and wind up with gravy all over my things I am a little peed off, especially after spending so much on fries and gravy.I don't think it will last long there.
3	Not bad, not bad.Although the myriad of options and add-ons sounded delicious, it was too much for me to absorb. There was no consistency or order in terms of their menu layout so I just felt overwhelmed with words and decided to go with the good ol' traditional poutine. It didn't take too long for me to receive my order, and for 7$ I can say I enjoyed it. I am no connoisseur, but one thing I do know is that cheese curds should have a lil' squeak to them, and these melted all over. Moreover, a really good gravy should have some umph to it and does not just taste like a salty brown sauce. Lastly, the packaging is different, you get a fold out box with your poutine in it, it's cool and different than most places that serve up styrofoam or tin boxes. My only issue with it is that perhaps the box may leak? But, mine didn't. Phew!Like I said... not bad.
4	OMG so good!!! Once again I went there for poutine week and it was super yummy! THe service was great too. Because their online menu was the one based in Toronto, some of the poutines were not available at the one here but the chef was nice enough to come see and ask me what was in the poutine and he would make it for me... Super tasky. I enjoyed it quite a bit!
5	Great not many choice on the menu but i can tell you for sure which ever you choose when you visit it will sure leave you asking for more. The staff are pleasant and very welcoming and the poutines are just great. Been more then 5 times and planning the next trip with some friends from the UK this summer!
1	This is a Toronto based restaurant... for poutine... with a location in Montreal. I'm trying hard to be polite here. I didn't know this fact until I started this review but it explains a lot and didn't change my view at all. First of all there's just something odd about the taste, the gravy, ehhhh... Secondly and most importantly the fries sucked. I think it's the type of potato they use, not sure. At first I thought the cardboard box was cute, but the novelty soon wore off. Looks like someone took a tight dump in a small box!I wish them good luck in Red Dear, Regina, and Moncton, but I just don't see a long future for them in Mtl. That rent can't be cheap.  Other things I don't want from Toronto in a Montreal restaurant:-Smoke meat-Bagels-Steamed hotdogs-Subs
4	Talking about Smoke's in a Montreal context is weird.Everywhere else in Canada, Smoke's is more or less the only game in town when it comes to poutine. What they mostly offer is a kind of stunt poutine that you can also find in the wilder sections of La Banquise's menu, but in massive, 'roided-out form. Theirs are nothing like the poutines you get at chipstands and most other greasy spoons in Quebec, which are a lot more minimalistic in their construction; fries, cheese curds, gravy, period. Almost every item on Smoke's menu will challenge your stomach to an epic wrestling match with the sheer volume of stuff they put in it.Obviously, there's trad poutine on the menu, but there are literally hundreds of other places you can get decent-to-transcendent trad poutine in the city. Smoke's is not one of them. However, if you're in the mood for some laugh-in-the-face-of-death hot-rodded stunt poutine, go nuts. Their triple pork poutine is artery-clogging goodness at it's finest.So get a tenner and laugh in the face of God for a spell while an awesome soundtrack of 80s detritus plays on the PA. Good times.
4	I'm glad I ran into this place by accident. This is one of the only places that clearly state that they have a vegetarian option for the gravy. I found the gravy, and cheese flavorful. The fries were good too. On my first day I had the veggie deluxe w/ caramelized onions, peas, and mushrooms, and the next day a regular veggie. I was really happy, and surprised with the  non-rubberized cheese curds they use. I don't get why people want cheese curds so rubbery that they can bounce right off the floor, that squeaky feeling doesn't do it for me. And people that like the rubbery feel is because they probably grew up eating it like that and not because they actually love it. I really hope they don't replace to cheese with that rubbery madness some people want. I'm glad I left Montreal already because I could have their poutine every single day. The guy behind the counter was really cordial, and even allowed me to bring my road bike in. I hope this place does well, and if I had the money I would open a franchise in Florida right away. Whoever came up with their "mascot" concept was a genius, very iconic face. So yes, check out the place. Flavorful, vegetarian friendly, and best of all non-rubberized/non-squeaky cheese.
4	Really good poutine for downtown.  I got the traditional around $6 not bad for the amount you get.  I will  stop by again for sure.
3	Situated across the street from Concordia University this small poutine specialized joint is conveniently placed to serve the horde of students looking for a quick meal.The esthetics of the place is nothing special and the service is nothing to write home about.What really stays with you is the way the poutine is served to you... in a box. My first reaction was apprehension and confusion then quickly understood the genius of it all.I ordered their Philly steak poutine and got a big helping of it in a box. The sauce and fries were just about right and the toppings tasty. It's was good, sadly not excellent. I'm unsure if they stepped up their game compared to previous reviewers but ultimately I was satisfied. Extra points for offering sodas in bottles. I opted for the "Root Beer Pop Shoppe" and it was really good. The sole gripe I have is the price tag, the poutine and soda came up to about 14$. I guess rent is expensive but if they are to cater to the students more, it's a bit expensive for an average student to come such a place regularly.
2	Smoke's offers the advantage of being right downtown but their poutine leaves a lot to be desired.  I ordered the regular size pulled pork poutine.  The pulled pork was quite good and would have actually been tasty in a sandwich.  The gravy and curds though were lacking in flavour.  I also found that there weren't very many curds which is something I like in my poutine.  The service was quite slow even though the restaurant was rather quiet at the time.   Overall there are much better poutine places in Montreal worth visiting.
1	Went to get a take out poutine on wednesday night, ordered a Cochonnaille poutine which is suppose to have pulled pork, bacon and pepper sauce.  I was alone in there, the guy who took the order went to the kitchen to prepare the poutine, came back out and called out to me "one cochonnaille".... Took it home, and when I opened it, it was a plain basic poutine, without any meat, without pepper sauce.... But I still got charge the full price of 9.20$, instead of the 5.70 for a basic poutine.   I could possibly understand making a mistake if I ordered it in the dinner rush, but no, I was ALONE in the place, the same guy took the order and made the poutine right away... How can you mess up like this... Specially, when you have just finished assembling the poutine, and are calling out 'One cochonnaille'.... You would think he would realized that he messed up then.Call them when I got home and he says, 'sorry.... don't know how it happened, do you want to come back so I can fix it ?'  Yeah right, I am going to get back in my car, drive for 10 minutes, to get what I ordered.  I think they might be doing this on purpose to take out orders, because they can charge more and most people won't come back to get it right, and this way, more profit in their pockets I email head office, and they never even bothered answering... Not a very good customer service!
1	Two Words: Dog CrapLiving in Montreal, I know what good poutine is, and Smoke's is so far from a good Poutine, I had to write this it. In my life, I have never had poutine with absolutely no flavor. Their sauce has zero, and I mean zero flavor You might as well of covered it in water, because water has more flavor then their sauce. I had the smoked meat poutine and they added smoked meat, mustard and a pickle. Mustard in a poutine, disgusting! That's like putting chocolate syrup on salmon. After removing the mustard, and had a bite I realized that the smoked meat tasted more like pastrami, the cheese was tasteless and the gravy tasted like water.I am not surprised by all of this because people in Ontario started this chain. In general, people in Ontario, and especially Toronto do not have a clue what good food is. Only in Ontario would a garbage restaurant chain like Smoke's Poutinerie and Pizza Pizza exist. Now they have infested Montreal with this garbage. If you want a good poutine, you are much better of at La Banquise, Poutineville or Lafleur's. I would add Frite Alors to the list but they are a freakin' rip off, Also, the Poutine at KFC and McDonald's taste much better. In order of food I would eat, I would take La Banquise, Poutineville, Lafleurs, KFC, McDonalds, Iams, Alpo, Whiskas, Purina Cat Chow, Friskies, Kibbles & Bits then Smoke's Poutine.
4	Very good poutine - lots of flavors and interesting combinations. Compared to the other obvious poutinerie, La Banquise, quantities were small for the price that was paid.
1	One of my worst experiences ever. Not only the poutine and the ham I got was not even eatable, there was a hair in the food and they even didnt get surprized. It was like its normal to them.
1	Good presentation, good marketing and a trendy decor? Check check and check. Good poutine...? I'm a Montrealer who spent a year in Toronto, where Smoke's is -the- place to get pout. Quality high, and authentic. When I heard one had opened in Montreal, I encouraged a group of friends to check it out with me.The end result? Really average poutine and half of us getting violent food poisoning.Avoid.
5	One of THE best poutines Montreal has to offer! I ordered the traditional with bacon & onions. DELICIOUS!! Fries are perfect (not soggy) the gravy ain't heavy or over salty and the cheese curds pieces are huge and tasty! Caramelized onions are the best I've ever had and the chunks of bacon was amazing! All this for under $10! I recommend to all!
