4	A quick cab ride from Mandalay Bay, and you're in Town Square, where the locals hang out (according to the triathlete bartender at the Treasure Island and a friend from Revere who has been in Vegas for over ten years - practically a native).  I can see why the locals are sick of the Strip - Town Square offers an "alternative." An evening at Pete's Dueling Piano Bar promises a loud, wild night, filled with great sing-a-long songs that we all know, plus a few raunchy remixes of songs that we used to love but will now look at in a completely different light.  Our waitress was a bit slow, but the place gets insanely packed.  When your drink does arrive it is positively lethal - the way I like 'em. The performers were excellent, halfway between concert pianists and piano players in a bawdy house.  There were plenty of Marines in the house (the Marine Corp. birthday was that week and there were plenty of jar-heads out for the night with their ladies) and the performers made it a point to thank them for their service and play a few patriotic anthems from the aw-shucks book of "Proud to be an American" hall of fame - always fun, especially when you got a few drinks in you. It's a great time, not far from the Strip, and at a fraction of the cost to have a mediocre night elsewhere, you will laugh your ass off here.
4	We chose Pete's after having dinner in Town Square and had a great time.  We got there pretty early - about 830 pm - and so were able to get a table rather than stand at the bar.  Service was a little slow after it got crowded but our drinks were never completely empty.  The pianists did a few ice breakers until it got crowded and after that focused on requests.  I was amazed at their repertoire and stamina - they rotated between 4 pianists with no breaks in the action.  They played everything from Lady Gaga to Bon Jovi to the Free Credit Report commercial songs!I thought this was a great place to hang out after dinner and have a good time with a few friends...definitely not a place for quiet conversation however!  Oh, one note, take a few dollars when you go to the restroom, they do have attendants who expect to be tipped.
4	Not the best dueling piano bar I have been to, but if you haven't been to one you are in for a real treat. First the things that were done right. We went on a Tuesday night so it wasn't very crowded and we got a table. The waitress kept our drinks full and was extremely nice. There was one guy making a bit of a ruckus on stage and the bouncer was nice but firm. Pushing him off the stage but letting him stay in the bar. The pianists were very funny and had a great sense of humor about things. The place was large and clean and had a much more "local" feel to it. My friend and I drank the whole night for about $60 and no cover which makes it way cheaper than anything on the strip. The crown seemed nice, a mix of college age up to an old prospector missing a front tooth in the back of the room. Everyone has a good time.  My only complaints are minor. First it closes at 2 and most people start clearing out around 1 so you need to get there early if you want the whole night. The piano repertoire is a little weak, we requested under pressure by queen and only got ice ice baby. My other friend requested something by taylor swift but they didn't know any, though if they don't know the request you get your money back. There are bathroom attendants which means another person I have to tip on a guilt trip. I got a ride back with a friend so I am not sure if there is cab service from there or if you have to call. Finally there isn't much of a place to dance.Catch a cab from anywhere on the strip and it'll cost you between $15-25. The bar is located on the west side of the Town Square, and the town square is decently sized so try to get the cabbie to drop you off there. If you are driving, it is easier to take the 15 south and avoid the strip. They do songs that pay the most first and 5 is an average. 10 should jump you to the front of the line and 20 means they comment on your selection as well. So save some cash, have some fun, and go to the newest piano bar in town.
4	I'm already a fan of Town Square, and when Pete's Dueling Piano Bar opened its doors in this popular lifestyle center, I was excited to give it a try. A friend organized a ladies Tweetup event at Pete's, so it was just a bunch of us girls. And, we had a blast! First off, the management was so nice to accommodate our group. If you're looking for a place to organize an event, I highly recommend you contact the managers at Pete's in advance and host your event there. They were quite hospitable and the service was perfect. Even as the night got busier and busier, our service was never lacking. Drinks are mixed to please and the prices are reasonable. But the real reason to go to Pete's, of course, is the dueling piano show. Our night consisted of four different players who rotated throughout the show. My favorite performer was Christine who can wail Janis Joplin like no one else can. My only complaint is that I requested The Doors' "Alabama Song (Whiskey Bar)" and the piano players didn't know it. But to make up for it, they did play "Roadhouse Blues," convincing me to forgive them.Don't expect to get away with chit chatting with your friends during the show. These performers need (and demand) you to clap, dance and sing along. It's the whole point of the show. So be prepared to get called out if you're not participating.Only the lively, fun-loving types will appreciate Pete's. If you're looking for a quiet drinking hole where you can be left alone, Pete's Dueling Piano Bar is not the place for you. But, if you need to cut loose, laugh, and sing away the stress of your day, head to Pete's. I'll meet you there.
2	Warning: $6 cover charge. If you are a local...you should not have to pay this. The entertainment is OK. I have seen dueling pianos before  and it is nothing new. I am not really impressed. It is a novelty act that belongs on the strip to amuse tourists. The drinks are very expensive. You may as well be on the strip. Again, town square is not cheap. The best drinks are at Blue Martini, especially when you are a casino/industry employee.  Half price on drinks all the time. This place is alright ,  once in a blue moon. Other than that ...save your money.
3	Who would've thought a sober night would be a blast?I did, mostly because I run with a fun group of people. For a friday night, I paid a $6 cover, and got there about 9pm. It wasn't yet crowded.A couple points of note.1. This is a single guy's dream. Young beautiful women that flock in packs. Cougars that flock in packs. 2. I knocked a star off for the $2 club sodas. No free re-fills. Kind of a drag, and a buzzkill from the energy drink I had before I walked in.The musicians are fun, engaging and VERY entertaining. If you have a good group of people, then you are in for one hell of a night, sober or not. Lots of opps to dance and be silly. If I had some friends in town looking for a more local experience, I'd bring them here.
4	My guy friend and I walked over to Pete's after dinner at Cadillac Ranch.  The $6 cover annoyed me a bit, but I was soon happy again after being handed a couple of little cups of berry-flavored alcohol.  Yes, a ploy by the distributor to market their brand, but still appreciated.  My drink, a Bombay Sapphire gin & tonic, was made very well, not skimpy on the alcohol at all.  Service was pretty good considering the place was packed.  There was a good mix of age groups.  The entertainment is the reason to go to Pete's, and on that alone, this place is worth it.  The best dueling piano's in Las Vegas... and much more comfortable than New York New York.  There was no problem getting a place to sit - even though it was really full, lots of people coming & going.  The musicians awed us with their diverse range of songs and the way they got the whole crowd going.  Lost a star due to the cover, but definitely will be back again!
5	I showed up late believing they'd start at 10, but apparently start at 8.  This place is not for you to sit and chat.  This place requires and encourages audience participation.  The pianists banter back and forth and know a good range of songs.  Of course they take requests - especially those with money attached.  Just make sure you choose something most people know or you may get shut down by someone else.  It was free to stand (tuesday night?) and $15 for a table and chair.  Great time with a great crowd!
4	Served in the right way (usually with a tongue stuck firmly inside your cheek), cheese is deliciously fun.  The pianists at Pete's Dueling Piano Bar know this well.  And they play up the cheesiness of a piano bar with a heavy coating of humor, goofiness and sarcasm.All of which makes Pete's a great place for a group outing.  The pianists work the crowd--pushing for requests, inspiring sing-alongs and raising the energy level.  Beer and cheese go well together.  Don't resist it, Pete's Dueling Piano Bar shows it's a lot more fun to participate.
2	Feels just like a college bar. Ridiculously hot in there... Everyone had sweat dripping off their forehead! Please turn up the AC!!  Sound system is also TERRIBLE!  The Instruments so loud that no one can make out the vocals. Lot's of girls except that 50% are lesbians!  $6 dollar cover charge for locals too and it's not worth it.
1	Really???!! 6 dollar cover charge for local ladies. You guys don't understand the rules for Vegas locals. Consider this native a very upset customer.
5	We love Pete's!  The entertainment is fun and interactive.  They not only play the piano, but occasionally the guitar, drums and harmonica.  Get there early if you want a table or call to reserve.  The manager Richard is awesome and always makes sure you are having a good time!  Great atmosphere, and awesome servers.  Fun for an event or just a night out with friends.  5 stars for sure!
4	I have been here twice and each time I have really enjoyed myself.  The middle seating can be a bit too crowded, but other than that everything else is great.  The musicians are very funny and engaging.  The staff in my opinion are great.  So if you wanna go out with your friends and have a genuine good time this is a good place to do it.
4	Some friend and I came here after my birthday dinner at Brio... to get a few drinks on a saturday night that didnt involve the usual 'clubbin' scene. This place was the right spot! Bartenders were friendly and quick (but I suppose that has alot to do with it not being one of those over priced clubs, with the three hour wait out the door. It def. gives the small hole-in-the-wall/ NY bar kinda place. Good fun music... fun people... fun place. I would only say that if you are easily offended by dirty language, please dont come here and get upset. That is what these type of bars are about. Oh... and if its a friend's bday... tip them some money at the piano and they will call them out and play some "raunchy" lyrics for them Please note, it's a $6 cover to get in... but i think it is worth it since their drink prices aren't ridiculous
4	My friends and I have come to Pete's on weekend nights several times in the past year and every time we have a BLAST! At Pete's Dueling Piano bar two piano players jam songs form a variety of genres with an entertainingly competitive spirit. The banter and competition between them is the best. You can request songs (best with a tip!), every thing from The Beatles to Def Leppard and Garth Brooks to Rhianna, just be prepared to sing a long. When we come here there are guaranteed to be displays of terrible singing (on our part, not the performers!), and intoxicated behavior. Hehehehe. Cover Charge: so I've come here with out cover, and with. It's a mixed bag. If you follow them on Facebook you can get updates and notifications for cover free nights. We've arrived at a variety of times: early, late, in the middle so I can't tell if when you arrive is a factor. I think it's worth the cover, because we always have a great time. Hints and Tips: Come early to get a table if you want to sit, or call ahead a reservation. Follow them on Facebook to get drink specials and cover free night notifications. They don't serve food so eat before you come and prepare for a fast food run on the way home. Bring cash for tipping and with your song requests. Can't wait to go back!
4	Petes is fun! The pianists include the crowd the entire night and the noise level isn't too loud so you can have a conversation. Great for groups.
4	i felt totally out of place walking in here. a crowded little spot with a whole bunch of white people singing to "sweet home alabama" while two men in tshirts pound on back to back pianos. oh boy... if i ever felt like a minority it was then. BUT the service was really friendly. they didn't look at all of us weird. they sat us down, offered us some drinks and told us how the place works: you drink, you sing along, you request and tip if you feel like. a few drinks and rock songs later and i was FEELIN it! haha. well, once the white guys did their version of "I'm on a boat" i felt a bit more comfortable... then they did "d*ck in a box" and then some song that repeated "you b*tch, you slut, you whore" over and over again. Yeah.... it was a fun night!! i didn't get a chance to eat anything or explore the bar much. the alcohol and loud music kind of distracted me.don't come here alone, it will be weird. good for nights out with the guys or girls.
4	Walking into the joint already three sheets to the wind is how I came in and would reccommend you do too. Start singing off key as loud as you can, standing up! Really dig this place, way better than the shitty paino bar at NYNY, since this place will actually play yr songs. i don't remember how much the drinks are, but I had quite a few. My only complaint is that place closes at 2am, really guys??
3	I felt like I was back in college when I was here. It's got that same type of atmosphere. The only difference was the crowd was definitely skewing to the late 20's/30+ set. Which I don't mind since I'm in the upper portion of that demographic.They played a lot of 80s and 90s songs, so if that's a turn off for you, consider yourself warned. The highlights of the night were when they played "Dick in a box" and "Bed intruder". Complete with props, the performers did a hysterical rendition of each that got the crowd going.They don't have any beer on tap. Just bottles. But they were out of a few (Newcastle and Stella among others). I don't remember how much drinks were.There's some outdoor patio seating (more like sidewalk seating) with heat lamps. The place wasn't overly crowded but if you want a seat, they can be tough to come by. All in all, not a bad time. If you're hanging out with a good group you'll have plenty of fun.There was no cover the night I went.
4	Great place to hang (if you have a seat, that is).Fun place to go out with the friends and just have a grand ol' time. I've been here on a few occasions and always seem to have a great time. The key is finding a seat. Otherwise, no bueno. Strong drinks, fun entertainment and good people = GREAT night out on the town.I highly recommend it.
3	The concept and execution are just fine: two piano, players facing, trading off various covers of songs both piano-fronted and not.  Think piano karaoke, of a sort.  Very good show but entirely too loud.  Amplify if necessary but stop assaulting the listeners.  It's aggravating.Beer selection is mediocre, and liquor was definitely not top-shelf.  Prices were Vegas-Absurd, so normal for Vegas casinos.  Because of the volume, we stood outside near the bar rails in the plaza.  This affords better people-watching, and that's always fun.  The need to put fucking video poker screens on every available surface is a detriment to this experience, however.  So, three stars because a fourth is easy if they turn down the volume a little and lighten up on the greed.-C
4	If you are looking for some entertainment with your drinks, this is the place to be.  Pete's dueling piano is a must for those that are looking for some good music and a good time.  If you are not a fan of the 80's and 90's, be warned that a majority of the songs are from that era.  Towards the end of the night, you will get your pop fix of Taio Cruz, Enrique Iglesias, Usher and etc. so they do play a wide variety of genres.They do all kinds of requests from the audience to birthdays, games, and even recongnize the military by bringing them up on stage playing "Proud to be an American" which is always a plus!  Most of the time, the outcomes for enduring their grueling display of humor towards you are free drinks, so it is worth the humiliation!The bar is adequate and the pricing is alright, but hey, its Vegas!  Overall, great place for all ages.
3	Let it be known that this is the first and only piano bar that I have been to.  My friends and I ended up here after dinner because Yardhouse was packed.  Unlike other reviews have mentioned, I wasn't charged a cover fee to get in.  The star of the bar are the two pianos sitting across from each other, where each pianist has their own tip jar.  During the first part of the night, the tip jars weren't really utilized; the duo performing sang popular songs, had people get up and dance, and encouraged audience participation through singing as well.  The second half of the night was much more entertaining, with a "rock" pianist playing against a "country" guy.  They each played a portion of a song from their respective genre, with the audience throwing tips at the side that they wanted to hear.  At first it was funny, but then it went on long enough to turn into tip gouging from the audience.  After that bit they played jingles based on dirty jokes, with audience members offering their own.One thing I liked about Pete's is that there are two bars, one on either side of the building.  It's nice to have a bar nearby without having to walk through the entire venue to get a drink.Based on how much better the second pair of performers were, your entertainment for the evening really depends on who is playing.  If the first pair kept performing, I probably wouldn't want to come back here.  With that kind of difference in entertainment, Pete's is just A-OK.
4	I give it four stars cause these places are getting harder and harder to find these days.  Cheap drinks, fun music and lively environment.  I didn't try the food so can't comment on that.
4	Went here on a whim after dinner in the Town Center.  At first I wasn't sure what to think, a bar in Las Vegas without slot machines??  Well it's true, Pete's served up some amazing live and talented entertainment that is un-rivaled in Las Vegas.  This place was full of energy and reminds me of a karoake bar, where everyone gets to sing along.  They played some crowd favorites and really kept the atmosphere in the place uptempo and goorving.Drink service was fast and priced Vegas accordingly, nothing special or fantastic except the service was good.  There was suprisingly alot of room inside the bar to move around and mingle in.  The music can get quite loud and I would not recommend sitting in the first few rows near the stage.  It will kill any conversation you were planning on having.  This is definitely not an intimate, romantic environment.All in all, I had fun and I'd go again.
4	I'm a fan of this place.  Couple of recommendations.  Make the RSVP for a table a couple of days before.  Totally worth having the table.  Eat beforehand.  The food is not in house and you are ordering it from elsewhere.  Find out if it is a cover charge night before, so your friends know what to expect.  Feel free to embarass your friends and take pictures.  I took my 22 year old niece there (hey, I was 12 when she was born) and we have a complete blast.  I have been there with 1 other person and 12 other people.  Groups are more fun!!I did have an incident where the waitress mixed up me and another patron.  My bill was messed up and I did not notice until two days later.  The manager was completely awesome.  He refunded me my money and the next time I was there (which was for someone else's bday), he gave me several free drinks and a round for the ten of us.  It's funny and just a place to laugh and sing as loud as you can!
3	Fun, loud atmosphere. Drinks were strong and reasonably priced. Can get packed in there so may be hard to find a seat. Mixed crowd and definitely a mixed selection of music played. Fun place for a bday or night of intoxicated sing-alongs.
5	I've been here as one of twelve people and I've been here when the place was packed. Each time, my friends and I are always treated with great service, good drinks and a super fun, enthusiastic show. The folks working at Pete's are always so nice and I absolutely adore the Fish Bowl drinks. Thank you Pete's, you are always #1 on my list when I'm in town.
1	I've been to various piano bars.  They all do the same standard crap.  But the halfway decent ones know how to read the crowd and adapt.  The performers, on a Saturday night mind you, were totally out to lunch unless someone was waving a $20 bill or more in their face.  They did the whole standard dueling piano thing at one point.  Yeah, playing 10 second clips from various songs back and forth... funny for about 2 minutes.  But when the crowd starts chanting, "Music, music!"  for God's sake STOP!  That means we are getting bored.  But no, they just kept going.The crowd was a little strange for a Saturday night.  Lots of grandmas and grandpas.  I think that freaked out the performers, because they insisted on playing the greatest hits from the 40s and 50s, no matter what the crowd requested, until about 10:30pm.  Meanwhile, a bunch of drunk jerks went around trying to hump grandma and grandpa from behind.  Like I said... strange.Towards 11pm, the older folks left and the drunken assholes took to accosting various women around the bar.  The servers were very obviously doing shots with the patrons and quite drunk, so they were completely useless.  Bouncers were completely non-existent.  Maybe if you've never been to a piano bar, you might find it amusing. But chances are, you will not enjoy being assaulted by complete strangers. If you want to go to a piano bar in Vegas, do yourself a favor and go to the one at New York, New York.  This one just sucks.
4	Always a fun spot to go to with friends. Not really a place for food so make sure you eat beforehand. The performers are really a talented bunch. Man, do they know their material! You can basically write down your song request and bring it up to either of the two piano players on stage (preferably with a tip). The performers will either play the piano/sing or one will play/sing on the piano and the other will accompany them on the drums. Am always entertained and amused by the variety of songs they can perform (pop, rap, country, balad). Name it, they can probably do it (or a spin-off of it). They also do requests for birthdays or other celebrations. Celebrated a friend's birthday on my last visit. They had her sit on the piano while they dueled out a custom birthday song in blasphemous, Vegas fashion. They also do fun, little contests where your party can get a round of drinks on them. Nice! So if you're looking for some musical fun outside of the strip, head down to Town Square. Hawaii seriously needs one of these!
4	I have never actually been inside but have watched from the open patio area. Seems like a cool place. I saw a couple get engaged there.
4	Ok to be fair. . . this is the only piano bar I've been to. . . but it's just so much fun! I think the performers are absolutely talented and hilarious and the cocktail waitresses are pretty on point considering how busy it gets.  I've had a great time every time I've been there, singing, laughing, and drinking. The drinks are kind of expensive IMHO, which is the only reasons I'm giving them 4 stars.
3	Solid piano bar.  Call liquor is insanely priced, they lose a star for that. No excuse for 10.50 crown and coke. Beers are in line, although poor selection. No craft beer, lose a star.  Piano players are above average. We did enjoy their banter.
3	Ok so they fixed their cover charge which wins points with me. The piano players here are talented. The booze isn't that overpriced. However, I've been to other piano bars that have that extra something that Pete's doesn't have. I can't quite put my finger on it. There was a good rendition of Bohemian Rhapsody played which was pretty impressive. It's great for groups and also fun to go for friends' birthdays or bachelor/bachelorette parties in which your goal is to embarrass your friends since the piano players bring them on stage and make them do funny things.
4	I love this place!  The workers are always friendly the pianists are wonderful!  is you are not into audience participation, then don't go.   The fishbowl drinks are GREAT!  You do not have to be a superstar here.  EVERYONE is there to have a great time.
