2	To make this succinct and to lay out the positives first. Front desk personnel are pretty friendly, especially Yvonne (always smiling at customers). They are responsive to customers' needs. The bad and ugly: Hotel needs serious updating. The carpet at common areas and hallways look like they have never been shampooed in 10 or 20 years. There are a lot of construction personnel that use this hotel. The dirt and mud from jobsites are inadvertently rubbed on the carpet. The carpet is not good to look at to be honest. At my room, the Laminate floor is peeling (bathroom area, room 203). Toilet hard water marks not appealing either. I had one request for someone to adjust the shelving at the fridge so I can have the milk 2 gallon container right side up (I could not move the shelf since the fridge door could not be opened all the way (was hitting the wall and doorway); was told I ought to do it (this was not Yvonne, someone else during day shift). Was on 7-day cleaning cycle, and they missed last week to clean my room. Be forewarned. Even during their scheduled room clean up days, they will not touch your non clean dishes. Really. It would kill their staff to wash your 3 pieces of dishes. About $29 per night, for a month stay. You get what you pay for. Expect to pay $5 for supposedly high speed internet. It's actually 110K upstream and downstream, do not expect to do any productive work at this hotel. For what you get, they ought to charge $20 or $15 per night.
4	Not the best hotel in the world, but the previous reviewer hasn't been there lately.  They've earned their 3 stars (of 5).  Comfy beds, lots of space, not much service (except if you call the front desk).  My main complaint is that 1/4 of the times I've been there (4 weeks, weekdays only) over the course of a work project) the other clientele has been a little...  I dunno...  loud and drunk.  Not always, but sometimes.  After all, though, check hotwire, they're always on there with the *deals*
3	The staff was very friendly.The room was clean enough.This is not a really fancy place.The halls smelled like an apartment building (not the best smell in the world).The kitchen had what I needed (fridge, electric stove, minimal pots, minimal dishes, minimal silverware).Basic wi-fi is free, but you have to pay for higher speeds (that was lame).The barking dog was very annoying.Never saw any families or kids there.I did see a lot of men who looked like construction workers.  Many of them were hanging out in front of the hotel or nearby while either talking loudly or drinking.I probably won't come back because I didn't feel totally comfortable, but I have to  be fair - it just wasn't for me.
1	At first I believed this to be a very nice motel despite my initial misgivings. No one was the front desk but once in the room I saw that was quite nice, well equipped, and very clean ... that is until I found the used condom on the floor. I ignored that however and still had a very nice stay though I could not help but notice that, because there are actually two properties right next to each other, communication between the two buildings and staff members was very bad. That was not to become apparent until after I left and tried to contact the management about an item I accidentally left in the room. After 3 calls I gave up and I also gave up on this facility.
