3	When they first opened, they had a great pedicure promo for $18, and I made it a point to try different nail specialists, so that I could get a feel for the business.  I never had a complaint regarding this place.  As soon as the business settled in and the promo gone (which I totally expected and am fine with), and they finally established a clientele, things started to change. Firstly, I had an appointment on October 10 with a particular nail person, and I called to confirm that he was there, and guess what? He was off that day. Secondly, I've had the same type of pedicure done since they opened, and all of a sudden, during my last pedicure appointment, my pedicure price went up $5 dollars.  What's up with that?  Now, I don't want to go back to them, because no one can actually justify the price increase.  I'm just not there normal clientele, I guess, where I do not opt for any nail polish/coloring on my nails.  I just like them buffed and polished, which doesn't take any time at all, because I am a diabetic and am always examining my feet and nails for any changes.  They know who I am, because I'm the only one who does this, methinks.  $5 more for no polish.
4	Got acrylic tips with a pink glitter backfill.  The woman did a good job removing my old nails and prepping my new nails, but I wish she had put the tips further back.  I let her know beforehand but she either did understand or dismissed it and put them at the edge, so they grow out faster.  I paid $50 which included the removal and upcharge for glitter tips.Okay salon, in a good part of town, but there was a little kid running around.
4	I was a loyal customer to the nail salon across the street from NV Nails. Until my gel manicures kept peeling only after 1 week. So I decided to see how NV Nails was. Tina did my nails. She did a very good job! She also waxed my eyebrows, even trimmed them up too. Overall I really liked the place. There is a child there, but I didn't hear a peep outta her the whole time I was there, she just watched a movie on her tablet. I would go back!
5	Went back a few more times since they started doing a $20 special for a full acrylic set (not pink & whites though).  The last time I went in for a fill, they charged me $18 only (whoa) which included a new pink & white nail that was broken.  Typically their fill price for acrylics is $15 without add-ons.  They have since started charging $35 for pink & white acrylics.  I see a lot of nail salons using subjective pricing, especially where they don't tell you until the end that you've been upsold $20, so I think it's important to know the pricing before you go in so as not to ruin the experience.Even with a great tip this place is still a lot cheaper than others and I haven't had as many issues.  Of course it would be nice if the staff spoke better English, but that's a common thread in nail salons.  I have started recommending this place to friends because of the location, quality, and price.
1	I only came to this place because my friend gets his pedi here. I should've known not to trust it but I was running short on time and the location was convenient. Needless to say I will not be coming back here. The wait was awful they need more staff. The gentleman that did my pedicure acted like he was scared to touch feet and used the softest touch ever. I didn't like my pedi at all and can't wait to go back to my regular nail salon. Waste of my time and money.  My tip *Don't come here
3	Came here for a mani / pedi. I was acknowledge right away which was nice. They have a large selection of gel polishes. My nails came out nice and I'm over all pleased.The shop was nice and clean and organized and did not smell like a regular nail salon. The only thing keeping this nail salon from a 5 star review is the massage was terrible. It was less than 30 seconds on my feet and 15 seconds for my hands. I was super disappointed. I loved the way my nails came out but I won't be returning. I can pay the same amount else where and receive a 10 minutes massage on each foot.
2	I've been here twice for different services. The first time I went I got a pedi and a polish change. The pedi was nothing spectacular and was extremely short. I sat in the chair and had to wait. The water got cold. I told them to warm it up  again and they did and went right back to yapping and walking around the store.  My usual nail salon in florida is so much better, they put salts in the water , they keep it warm, offer you a drink, massage your feet and legs, and lotion you up. This place did not do that. After that I got my nail polish changed to have a white tip. It looks nice from afar but I noticed that there were bubbles in my nails and some of my old polish was still on my nail. I just paid and left. My next experience here was to get an acrylic refill. The nail tech did an ok job overall but I've had better. Like I was missing some polish between the cuticle. Another complaint is that they do not have a large selection of polish colors to choose from.I would come here again because it is so close to home.
2	My normal salon was packed so I brought my mother in law to nevada nails because it was close.  What a terrible experience!!!! First the pedicure was extremely short and the staff was just inattentive. While working on my cuticles, he used a thin needle like item that really hurt. I told the tech he was hurting me and he ignored me. Again I told him louder, you are really hurting me, please stop and he acted like I didn't say anything. To complete my experience, when we got up to go, my flip flops were gone! They looked around and figured out they gave them to another customer. They then Argued with me and said I must have left them up front. This is the worst experience I have ever had in a salon and I wish we had not wasted our money here. I only gave a second star because they have good selection of colors
1	Worst mani and eyebrow wax. Came in because my usual salon was booked. Came in for a simple mani and pedi. Got talked into an eyebrow wax. Pedi was ok... mani was ok until I noticed my nail polish started bubbling while drying. Asked them to fix it but had to wait another 30 min. Got my brows waxed. It looked ok at a quick glance but when I got home I noticed he didn't clean it up at all... never again.
1	I hate giving bad reviews but... I must tell my fellow yelpers about this... Went to the closest nail shop to my house, my dogs were barking and I wanted to wear sandals. It started off okay then quickly went downhill... While trimming and filing my toenails, the pedicurist nipped my 3rd toe... It bleed like crazy... He put some of the nail shop magic juice on it, it stung but stopped bleeding. It continued to throb but I allowed him to finish his work. When he got done, it continued to throb. I asked him for my total assuming I'd receive a good discount because after all he did nip my toe... The pedicurist laughed and said.. I said sorry! Umm, that doesn't fix my dam toe!  I wasn't going to write this review but I woke up this morning with my toe still throbbing and on top of that, I worry about infection.
4	$45 for a full set of pink and white nails. Jimmy did a good job my nails are a little sore after going though. I'll probably go back he did a better job than the other places I've been to in Vegas.
3	I came in here today to get a mani and pedi. I had the full intention to get these services here, but I had an emergency call from my husband, so I told them that I had to leave after my pedi, which had already started. They basically rushed through my pedicure, didn't even really scrub the bottom of my feet, which were the worst off my problems. I don't know if they thought they were helping me out with my emergency, but I still had to pay full price for what I felt like was half the service. My actual pedicure looks pretty nice otherwise.
