2	Anyone who likes Gloria Jeans is just into whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles. The actual coffee here is horrible, and the setting is...well, it's in  a MALL, people! Need I say more??? The only reason to stop here is if you desire some coffee-like substance mixed with cookie crumbs and ice, and blended together. Okay, it sounds decent for a pseudo-dessert. But it's certainly no cup of good-ol-joe.
3	It wasn't too bad. Even though the mall was jam-packed, as was the coffee shop, the service was fine and the line moved quickly. Everyone was nice.I had a butter rum mocha, which was thoroughly unnecessary and kept me up half the night. But I had a feeling that I'd be better off with that than with the regular coffee.
4	Would have gotten 5 stars from me if it had some sort of attempt at a seating area, but I guess I can't really blame them..with the small storefront and all.We got the Butter Rum Mocha sans the whipped cream and caramel, and it was plenty sweet enough. What a breath of fresh air from the typical Starbucks/Peet's mochas though! Similar pricing structure to the typical coffee co's with your choice of small, regular, or large. We paid four eighty and change for a regular size, and it was definitely more than enough for two to share after lunch. Will be back. May have to try the iced version. :9
2	My 100th Review!!! WOOHOO!  On that note:God awful coffee, but it functions even better than senna or Taco Bell as a laxative. Get ready for a mildly comical and very tasteless review.I've had their coffee and espresso shots a couple times inside the mall because there are no other options.  Most recently, I had an iced Americano.  Prior to that, I had their Chillers (or whatever they're called).  The coffee is horrible.  Word to the wise, when they offer so many flavored beans, it means their coffee isn't suitable for chicken feed (although most coffee isn't). What makes the coffee more distasteful is its pretension. It may be better than family restaurant swill, but this leaves a vomit backwash because of their laughably inaccurate charge that this is gourmet coffee. There is always a line to this joint and the baristas are a joke - usually very sloppy and disorganized (at least in my experience) - it says something for the training and management of this shop. There are only two explanations for this business having consistent profit-churning years...1 - There are NO other options in the mall. If there was a Starbucks (although there is one a couple blocks away), the store would have more workers than customers.2 - Madison has significant constipation issues and prefers to have a reverse enema resulting in a 2x bowel movement somehow.  Yes, this stuff makes you poop like nobody's business.  It's pretty incredible.  Coffee usually helps the process, but this is magical - in 30 minutes, you're 5 lbs. lighter - thanks Gloria Jean (whom/whatever you are).  I would have given this place one star, but reason #2 is the reason for the 2nd star.  There is a recurring theme here - it wasn't intended to hit you  like a splash in the bottom of a bowl, but all the stars aligned.   I apologize for the crudeness of this review, but this is supposed to dissuade you from drinking this swill unless you really need to take monstrous dump.
1	I've always tried to stay away from coffee chains especially the ones oversea (they're an Australian corporation), but wife needed coffee and it was conveniently located close to the Apple store. We ordered a small cup of coffee and a double shot of espresso. I really should have just walked out when I asked for a light roast but was told that they only have dark roast and a light roast is dark roast with added water. Obviously the person working knows nothing about coffee. So I took a sip of their dark roast and just as expected it was bitter nastiness. Then wife got her espresso and it was basically burnt black liquid. No crema, big coffee grinds at the bottom of the cup. Needless to say we will never return. We'll stick with local cafes that actually care about and have respect for their industry and their customers.
