5	Just opened and I'm so excited!It is hit or miss depending on the store in the valley, but I'm glad to report that this is a good one!Spam Musubi and a Hamburger Steak Plate Lunch were very good.Glad there is one on the West side of town in Summerlin now.   I will definately frequent this place.
4	I went here today for dinner because I was across the street at Costco. I totally forgot this place opened up (and so very glad it did) because the only other one I know of is near UNLV---across town for me.The bento box was really goood. It came with four different kinds of meat, rice, and macaroni salad. All the meats were delicious, even the fried stuff wasn't very greasy. I did not try the macaroni salad --- I dislike items that taste like mayonnaise (IMHO). Thankfully, they kept the mac salad in a separate container so that it would not touch any of the food that I actually wanted to eat. This will def be my go-to here.The seafood platter, which included scallops, mahi mahi, fried shrimp, rice, and mac salad, was alright. It didn't come with as much food as the bento combo, but it was the same price. You always have to pay more for seafood though. The scallops tasted soft with a nice, crispy breading. I liked the mahi-mahi too--very fresh tasting. I did not taste the shrimp.PROS:-Refillable drinks-Plenty of seats (for a small place), some booths too-Food was served quickly-Good service overall-Food comes in to-go boxes (but not biodegradable ones)The one aspect of the visit that I disliked was that that they did not close the door even though it was windy outside. I was sitting by the door and got chills every so often. I got over it as the wind died down though.I'll be back... I need to try their spam musubi and saimin.
2	Food quality is so-so...meaning to say at least it's edible. Prices are decent and its the only Hawaiian food place that is closest to my house. So if you live in summerlin and have a sudden craving for loco moco, this should be enough to hold you over till your not too lazy to drive farther.
2	A taste of Hawaii in my bakyahd! :) freak yea!I don't eat land meat, but I do enjoy seafood n when I go to L&L I get the garlic shrimp or saimin noodles. This location batters their shrimp and serves everything in styrofoam whether you dine in or take it to-go..My mom n brother got the short ribs and said it tasted like they dipped the ribs soy sauce. I will never know what they taste like, but I do remember what Aloha Kitchen's ribs tasted like and they were off the hook!I give this location a 2 because I was dissapointed in the battered shrimp. At other L&L locations it came without the batter. Another reason why they get a 2 is because of KRaZie amount of styrofoam they use, the place has two tables and five booths, and the guy working the front counter seemed a little out of sorts.Although the review could have been better, I will definitely be back. It's literally 3 minutes from my hale and better than them fast food joints.
3	Right in the same area as Costco, this is a good place for good,tasty, low end food.The place feels like a fast food joint. 5he menu is a hybrid of Hawaiian, Japanese(katsu) and Mongolian too.I've never had Hawaiian food, in Hawaii nor las Vegas.I liked what I had #3 the BBQ mix plate for 6.25. That was for a mini portion that was almost too much to eat.Very tasty, the chicken, BBQ beef, and the short ribs.I wouldn't say the quality of the meat was great,it was a bit fatty.They serve everything on stryrofoam and plastic forks and knife,one time use stuff. Very sad.In a pinch I might comeback to try the curry, the loco moco.the bbq chicken was good enough to come back for. but not an every day, week, month thing.
4	Good all place to grab a quick bite, I love the fact they serve Pepsi and they seemed to have some canned beverages that you might not find elsewhere. The chicken sandwich was nice, fresh crisp lettuce, hot flavorfull chicken I think it could used a bit more sauce or tomato. Te short ribs were good also but could have used more sauce. I had the noodles with the BBQ chicken I suggest adding some of the house teriyaki sauce to the noodles and broth to get more of a ramen flavor. All in all it was very good and reasonably priced. We plan on returning soon
3	Good place, typical Hawaiian BBQ. Fast, cheap, and tasty, but no frills, and nothing special.  However after being stuck in a casino for 2 weeks it's a welcome change.  To both my taste buds, and my wallet.
5	Man! I love their food.... let me introduce something good ( personal opinion) :37. Spam for sure!!!!!29. Kalua & Lau Lau combo in one regular size15. Loco Moco in mini size ( for lunch )21. Chicken Katsu in regular size 46. Aloha SaiminMini size means one scope of rice andRegular size means two scopes of rice :)um... it's 2:13 in the morning and I'm hungry now while thinking of their food. SPAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I personally think L & L has better Spam than Island Flavor even tho IF is more popular :)Back to L & L, they also provide catering in Seafood, Beef, Pork, Chicken and side orders, from 10-13 servings as Small Pan, 20-25 servings as Half Pan and 45-50 servings as Full Pan. More info.:$32.99 for small family 4-6 people$49.99 for dinner family 6-8 peopleboth of them have choice of BBQ combination and Seafood combination. Accept Visa and MasterCardOpen Daily 10am - 10pm
2	I don't and never will claim to be a expert on Hawaiian culinary but I know food.  This place is not good!!  If you want to eat fatty beef, short ribs and chicked this is your place.  I usually give a place at least 2 tries because everyone has an off day but I won't be back a second time.  I actually lost my appetite trying to eat the bbq combo plate or should I say bbq fat plate.  Nasty!!!!  Look at what your serving your customers before it goes out of the kitchen!! We tried four sides as well, nothing memorable.  Actually, I'd like to forget about the experiece.   I gave 2 stars because at least it was a very clean restaurant.  Not my cup o' tea.  Bleck!!
3	I'm not familiar with Hawaiian food. I ordered Chicken Katsu plate. It's generous for a 'small' size box. I don't know if the sauce that comes with it is supposed to be cold.. The macaroni salad was good though. My meal was basically filled with cut up crispy chicken and a little rice. There wasn't enough rice compared to the amount of chicken. If I were to go back, I'd try something else.
4	Love this place. Now that they opened up in Summerlin, I no longer have to travel far for my Loco Moco and favorite mac salad. Also, this location has brown rice which some of the other locations do not.
4	Was excited when this place opened up by work. I finally can have those yummy spam musubis for lunch every day! If spam and rice rolled in seaweed isn't your thing, they have many other items to try. Love their barbecued short ribs which tastes like korean short ribs and the kahlua pork and cabbage. I love fat! Nom nom nom. They also have somewhat healthier plate lunches like the mahi-mahi with salad and brown rice. Just make sure to say "healthy." Otherwise, you're gonna get your meal with some macaroni salad and steamed white rice. But if you're really into hawaiian food, you'd probably rather die happy from a massive coronary.The portions are really good even for the mini size and the service is friendly and fast. Check it! Mahalo!
3	Food was great. I've eaten at plenty of L&L Hawaiian BBQ locations and this one was by far the greatest food and environment I've experienced but the customer service was horrible!! The cashier had a very rude attitude as if I was bothering her free-time between customers by walking in for my lunch break. I came here with a friend and she was nice with him. Asked what sides he wanted, if he wanted anything to drink, and had a smile the whole time. I'm guessing she didn't know we came in together. When she took my order she wasn't smiling and in fact was rushing me. Never asked if I wanted a drink nor offer or gave me options to change my sides. Overall food was great, environment was clean and welcoming, but I'm guessing the cashier isn't happy with her job that much :(
2	I used to have L & L Hawaiian BBQ about once a week in California, it was hard to drive past L&L on the way home each day without your craving getting the better of you.  But the food I used to get at the one in Fremont were great.  Their Hawaiian BBQ Chicken was always double if not a triple.  When I went to get some frozen yogurt at Cherry On Top and saw L&L just a short stroll across the parking lot, my mind was set.After checking out the familiar menu, I went with the BBQ Combo.  The food was prepared quickly and I was out the door in minutes.  The smell was good, and it took some self restraint to not dig in while I drove home.  Unfortunately, the BBQ chicken that has always been a favorite of mine, was no where close to what I was used to getting.  Flavor was dulled, like a number 2 pencil after a hundred questions scantron test.  The BBQ Beef was okay.  The Short Rib likewise was okay, never as good as the ones you grill yourself at a Korean BBQ.  The Mac Salad was the same as what But I hate to think that I have to cross the state line just to get some decent Hawaiian BBQ Chicken from L & L.Anyway, this location is fairly small.  Not a lot of room to sit and eat, but many take their orders to go.  Location is fairly convenient for those in the SW (near Costco), and parking wasn't an issue.  I just wish the food tasted better.I would love to rate this L & L Hawaiian BBQ with at least a 3 stars (A-OK), but it just fell short of that mark.  Hopefully it was just an off day for them, but with other better Hawaiian BBQ restaurants in close proximity, I doubt I will give them another shoot.
4	The bbq meat is where it's at and they have a pretty big menu, but the hamburgers were stark in contrast to how amazing the other plates are.You never have to wait long for your order which is pretty rockin' for bbq(some what fast food), and the price isn't that bad either. My suggestion get a fancy soda in a can, and avoid the plain boring soft drinks from the fountain.
4	L & L is my favorite Hawaiian BBQ in town.....bra!Here's why:1)  The best Kalua pork in the valley.  It was so flavorful and tender.  Order it with cabbage, the crunch adds a wonderful bite to this mouthwatering dish.2)  Chicken Katsu is also quite good.  Not too oily or greasy, and the right amount of salt made this Katsu a great entree.  3)  Clean store and friendly staff who are happy to walk those unfamiliar to Island fare through the tasty options on the menu.4)  Great Value!!  You can get heaps of great food for a very reasonable price, and if you aren't in the mood for a big portion, they offer mini-sized orders, perfect for ladies and skinny wussies.....(Ok, perfect for everyone)  This is as close to Hawaii as I've been, and while  you probably won't get laid walking in to L & L, you'll definitely get fed with great food.
5	Good Hawaii barbecue. I no frills. Small dining area,. To go friendly,
4	Ok this place is almost as good as Hawaii's L&L's! If ever I want Chicken Katsu or Barbeque Teriyaki Plate lunch this is where I go! Staff is friendly and food is always fast! Im defintley a fan of this place for sure!
3	Coming from Hawaii, the food here is ok. It's good enough for me to go just to satisfy my local food craving.  I usually get the garlic shrim and  my bf loves mochiko chicken and gets it all the time.  Loco moco is not the greatest but i'll eat it.  The ppl there are friendly.  No complaints about that.
4	Great fast food better than other places like mcdonalds. Great portions
5	This place vs Aloha Kitchen.  This place will win everrrry single time.  I LOVE L&L Hawaiian  Service is always good, prices are normal. I love spam musubi . I've never had a bad meal here.  I've tried several things on their menu and it's always hot and yummy.  Great pork too.  I will go back here any time.
5	Amazing musubi
4	Sometimes I get a serious craving for this place. The spam musubi is by far my favorite. The BBQ chicken plate is my second favorite option. I usually take my food to go so I can't comment on atmosphere, but of you like Hawaiian food check it out. It really is quite good.
4	I love this place, it's on the way home from work and the food is great!  I'm going to try something new each time, I'm addicted to the macaroni salad and substitute it for my white rice each time.  The barbeque mixed plate is very tasty as well.  Also, everybody here is really friendly.
2	Not impressed. Food is so fatty and everything but the meat lacks flavor, and the meat is overseasoned!  Too salty!Worst problem though is that the two times I walked in there I felt totally unwelcomed by the staff.  I know I'm a pale white guy, but your business is in Summerlin, not Waikiki. I will oblige your unwelcoming attitude by not returning. Ok?
4	This is one of my top 5 best places to eat. My most favorite thing is the macaroni salad. I can eat that everyday.
5	This has been a top five quick service restaurant for me and a go to. Its always good simple comfort food. I have never been disapointed and I am here once every few months and the people at the counter always remember me. Service is always fast, even at their busiest. Ive heard that its pretty authentic and cant wait to visit the source one day to compare. I always go for the BBQ chicken they use dark thigh meat and it has the most flavor the skin is always fatty so I never eat it but it really holds in alot of flavor, must try!
4	I love coming here for a quick Hawaiian food fix! I like how you can mix your favorite items in a combo. I typically get the beef with the fried shrimp. The portions are huge. There is always enough for lunch the next day!  I usually save most of the beef and eat the shrimp because it doesn't taste as good the next day. The service is friendly and they have Siracha at every table which is always a plus in my book!
5	This locations is the bomb! All other locations should base their business model off of this one. Staff is always friendly, food is always hot, fresh and delicious.  I have become a regular and they now have my modified order down and offer me my "usual" when I walk in. I'll be moving farther away from this location soon, but I will definitely be making the trip to get the spicy chicken, extra spicy, no skin with brown rice on the regular!!
3	Although its never my first choice when I am craving Hawaiian food, I still support L&L every once in a while because I'm from Hawaii. My favorite Hawaiian restaurants are far away from where I live, so this place is actually more convenient. What I like most about this location is that it is very clean. Most L&Ls that I have been to in Hawaii and California were kind of ghetto looking. I also like that they are open 7 days a week.They don't have too many tables in the restaurant, so I usually order to go. My favorite is the Kalua Pork and Lau Lau plate, which are the two Hawaiian food items I miss the most. Unfortunately, they don't taste as good as back home, but sacrifices must be made, right? At least we HAVE Hawaiian food in this city. I also like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ Mix plates. Portions are generous, I get pretty full with the mini plates. The Spam Musubi is okay. I wish they wouldn't be so stingy with the spam though. There is always too much rice and a thin slice of spam. I'm not a good cook at all, but even I make better Spam Musubis at home, LOL. Also, don't order the saimin because the broth has no flavor at all. Trust me, you are better off making instant ramen at home!Customer service here has improved a lot. One of the reasons why I didn't like coming here in the past was because the cashiers were very rude. No "hello" or "thank you" ever. Just a "Can I take your order?" However, the cashiers are now much more friendly. The wait times for the food is pretty short and reasonable. The one thing I don't agree with is that they don't always give you sauce for the Katsu unless you ask. Seriously?! Why would I NOT want sauce with my Katsu? I'll be back sooner or later!
4	I know that this is a Hawaiian BBQ place, but I love their french fries!  I'm not crazy about BBQ of any kind but my husband loves this place.  We go & he gets his fill of Hawaiian BBQ & I get french fries.  BOOM.  We are both happy.  The food is great but they need a bigger space.  I'm happy that they literally get so much business that the restaurant can't contain the customers.  But it is really annoying to have to stand next to someone's table while they chow down and wait for them to be finished so you can sit down.  If you live nearby & can get your food to go, that's the ticket.
3	I ordered Take Out on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was pretty busy.  They were located near Red Rock Casino on W Charleston Blvd/S Pavillion Dr in Las Vegas.I was disappointed that this location does NOT offer a Military Discount.While waiting, I noticed a gumball machine, stacked high chairs, and a large garbage can in the hallway to the restroom.  It was just difficult to get through to the restroom.I ordered the Seafood Combo with BBQ Short Ribs ($9.15) and 2 Spam Musubi ($2.25 each).  It took less than 10 minutes to get my food.The 3 breaded shrimp were butterflied with the tails on.  They were really dry, not juicy.  The breaded mahi mahi filet was small and also thin and dry,  The BBQ Short Ribs were sweet and a little tough and fatty on top a large portion of raw cabbage.  There were 2 scoops of rice in the box.  The macaroni salad was in a 5 1/2 plastic cup.  It had too much mayonaise.The Spam Musubi were warm.  They were seasoned with a sweet soy sauce.  I would order them again.Not all L & L Hawaiian Restaurants are the same.  I will stick to the one in Denver where they sell fresh $3 Poki on the counter, $1.89 Spam Musubi, and offer a military discount.
4	My daughter discovered Musubi while in Hawaii last month. It was love at first bite! Didn't even realize that there was an L&L right down the street back home. Imagine her surprise when I brought her here for a treat! She says the Spam Musubi here is even better than the L&L in Hawaii!!! A huge smile for $2.25! What more can you ask for? But...when she went back for a second musubi the seaweed was a bit tough:( The fried shrimp was good not great. All in all a good value. There was no unpleasant smell when we were there but all I can say is...spam;)
3	We get take out here once a week.  We call ahead and pick up on the way home from the office.  I get the teriyaki chicken with veggies instead of rice.  This place keeps me on track of my diet when I am on the go and starving for a satisfying meal.  If you are looking for fast food without the calories or the crap give this place a try.  If you are looking for fried Hawaiian food with a little soul, you have also found the right place.  ;)
5	Mahi mahi on a bed of raw cabbage, brown rice and a spinach, arugula salad. My new spot.
3	Typical Hawaiian BBQ which was pretty good. I ordered BBQ mixed plate which was really good...what I enjoyed the most was that you got really good portions of each type of BBQ. The BBQ consisted of Beef, Pork and Chicken. You also get a side of Macaroni Salad. Overall a pretty good place to get decent food
3	I ordered Take Out again on a Monday night.  Every table was taken, so I waited outside until some customers left.  They were located near Red Rock Casino on W Charleston Blvd/S Pavillion Dr in Las Vegas.I ordered the BBQ Mix Plate which included BBQ Beef, short ribs, and chicken on a bed of raw cabbage.  Everything was tough and fatty.  The macaroni salad was well seasoned.The Spam Musubi ($2.25 each) was warm and melt in your mouth good.  I'm glad I ordered 2 of them.  The Spam Musubi is what keeps me coming back for more while I'm visiting Las Vegas.
4	Great Hawaiian food, love the malasadas rolled in tons of sugar!!!! Chicken katsu is great.!
2	Food is ok.I love the short ribs from here just appalled that my order contained what I would call scraps for the price I payed.BBQ chicken is moist but not much BBQ flavoring.Going to back for more short ribs and experiment with a few other items in the list, as of now im not impressed.
5	Super great cheap food. Been here a couple time and the food has always been great. Service could be better.
4	I always get the low-carb bowl, which is healthy and massive. It's the perfect post-workout food. The staff are friendly, the price is right, and it's impossible to only eat a little. Oh, and the fact that it's all freshly-cooked makes it all the better.
4	There are moments when I love and crave L&L, but there are moments where I can no longer eat L&L.  However, when I do crave L&L BBQ this place is where it is at! They have such a friendly staff and the food is always out when they promised. They always greet me and one of the staff even remembers who I am when I enter their place. Great food & good people.
4	Affordable, fast, taste awesome!I love garlic shrimp. Staff are nice and friendly. It's a simple but good !
2	Ordered regular BBQ Chicken.I guess I haven't been here for a few months? When did this happen?Macaroni Salad  & BBQ Chicken = 4 starsMini Portions of Rice = ZERO!2 scoops  = 2 bites?See posted pictures.The Blade of Plastic fork is longer than the Scoop!I thought of ordering extra rice but at 90cts/scoop? OMG that's 90cts/bite?They have the nerve to serve these mini scoops to a Rice eating Asian?If all other L&L's are serving Mini Scoops of Rice,I'll give my business to one of the other Hawaiian Restaurants nearby.Yelpers please let me know if same is true at other locations.
2	Maybe it was because they were busy or whatever but the food here was so bland and undercooked. The cashier guy didn't seem too friendly either. Small ahi poke - ok so when they said "small" I was thinking they would put it in the spam musubi styrofoam containers but they gave me this small ass container where they put the mac salad in. It was good but definitely not worth $5.99 for that tiny portion. BOOOO. BBQ chicken was flavorless. It wasn't anything special and I feel like they rushed it because they were so busy. And they only gave two tiny ass scoops of rice too. Wtf yo. I guess I'm just used to Hawaiian BBQ's generous portions. Curry chicken katsu was also flavorless! And I freaking love katsu. They managed to screw up all of the food items I love. Very disappointed. Service was also incredibly slow but they were very busy. I don't think I'll ever be coming back though. I'm sticking to Ohana BBQ for katsu and BBQ chicken and island flavor for poke.
4	You can never go wrong with Spam on the menu! Hawai'ian style food in a quick, clean & friendly establishment? I'm all about it! Service was quick & friendly! Establishment was clean and the food was tasty!!
1	I should have not eaten here after I smelled inside. Gross. Got sick that night vomiting every 30 min.
3	Good chain for Hawaiian food but they do not give you enough Mac salad. Huge downer for me.
3	-Update: I had to take away a star because my daughter found a piece of metal in her bite of BBQ chicken.  (Posted pic of it). Luckily she wasn't hurt and was able to identify and spit it out.. Although something like this can end way worse!  I called and the situation was handled with grace, which is why I didn't drop them more stars.  I was offered a free meal during my next visit, but they didn't argue when I asked for a refund instead because I probably won't be dining here again anytime soon.  I hope they take this incident serious and address all restaurant and food safety topics with their employees.-Consistent quality of food!  L&L's will always be a staple in quick, hearty, delicious Hawaiian meals.. This location is a bit small if you're trying to dine in during lunch hours.  The food is always as good as expected and staff are friendly and helpful when you ask for anything.  This is always our go to spot when we want a quick take out order.
1	Never tried the food, the smell was so bad upon walking in had to leave. They must have sewage backing up in the building. NEVER going back. Sorry, for the bad review but the health dept needs to look into this
4	preatty good food, not tooo expensive but they give reallly good portion size of food. fast and it look clean kitchen, and the staff were helpfull.
1	Worst service ever!  Came in at 9:20pm and as soon as we walked in the manager told us take out only!  I asked why when it clearly states on the door they don't close until 10:00.  He told me it's because he wanted to get out early.  WHAT THE FUCK?!?  I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.  So rude.  He even chuckled as he said it.  Going to call the owner tomorrow, but honestly if he hired someone like this to manage his restaurant I'd be surprised if he even cared.
4	Finally getting around to reviewing this little fast food-y joint that is fast becoming a regular lunch spot for me.  Good Asian near West Summerlin appears to be a rare commodity and, this modern Hawaiian being a close facsimile to Japanese comfort food in a way, L&L is most welcome.  I have been here 3 times now, and I have not had a bad dish yet.  Everything thus far is more than adequate, and deserving of more than the 3.5 stars it averages on Yelp.I have had the chicken katsu, fried shrimp, and hamburger steak plates.  They come with rice and pasta salad on the side.  The katsu is crispy and well-cooked, although the meat is a bit thin so they have to be careful not to over-fry.  They do a good job.  The shrimp is appropriately battered, not too much or too little, and perfectly crispy.  The hamburger steak is the real winner, however.  What looks like a couple of regular hamburger patties come full of that Japanese Hamburger Steak flavor, drenched in gravy and all satisfaction.  If you are not familiar with the flavor of Japanese Hamburger steak, it's very distinct from the taste of American burger patties.  Not sure what's in it, probably nothing good, but boy does it taste good.  Bentoss next to Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa is a great example.  The only thing missing here at L&L is a side of kimchi, but this isn't a Korean place so...The service is on the pleasant side, although I wouldn't say it's gold-star material.  You do have to wait a bit for your food (5-10 min), and while there are plenty of seats it fills up quickly.  This will be my regular spot for lunch, and looking forward to trying a number of other items, including the ramen burger and some of their Hawaiian dishes.
2	Food was good. 2nd guessed my self while eating and watching the guy at the counter go to change the trash bag, and take the trash out and go immediately back to the counter to take orders and pack food without washing his hands in between. Several times...
2	The food is great and always tastes good. But when you have to wait 20 minutes for it is is beyond frustrating. Understaffed? Or just slow? Either way I will be avoiding this L&L from now on.
5	This place is pretty good. I had the jalya pork rice bowl and it tasted great. It came out pretty quick. The dining area is really small so it may not be good to dine in during busy times. The guy at the register was friendly and helpful when it came to choosing what to order.
4	I really love this place. The food is always good and the young man at the cash register is always friendly and nice. Today I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl with extra chicken. SO delicious. Also, if you get a chance, try  their "Loco Moco", it's to die for:)
4	Quick, affordable Hawaiian comfort food. Love the mini mixed bbq and spam saimin. Generous portions with creamy macaroni salad and rice as the staple sides.
4	The spam saimin and chicken Katsuya were excellent. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again if in the area.
4	It's about time I got myself here since it's right near my house. They have so many things to choose from so I plan on coming back a few more times. As it was I got the Chicken Katsu Curry. It was awesome! Tender yet crunchy chicken with just the right amount of curry sauce to flavor but not inundate the chicken chunks. Actually, I think the regular Chicken Katsu without any curry sauce might be a little dry. I got the "mini" size and I'm glad I did because it was a bunch of food for a solo diner. Next time I'm getting one of the BBQ mixes.
4	I enjoyed my visit to L & L.  I've been  quite a few times other locations before but never to this one. I found the location clean very nicely decorated I enjoyed the Hawaiian decor. The location is clean and quant. The cashier as well as my server with Ryan he was quite courteous and extremely helpful he was attentive to our needs and was quick to reply with anything that we  requested he's a wonderful asset to this location.     I wish I had as high praises of the food as I did the service. Unfortunately that's not the case. I ordered the katsu chicken which was seriously overcooked.  I would recommend that you let them know you want your chicken cooked softly so that you don't end up with overly crispy chicken. Only about 3/4 of mine was editable.
