1	I came in today, 11-02-2012, and received the WORST service from the owner. The whole time he was on the phone, didn't talk to me nor let me tell him how long/short I wanted my nails, he just did it. After,I told him what I didn't like(length & the gel was too cloudy, the whole nail was white) and he began to flip out. I've never had service like this EVER. Normal people would ask how they can fix it but instead he chose to raise his voice & become very hostile with me. I will NEVER again go back nor will I advise anyone else too! I think when you're paying $50.00 for nails, you should be able to say how you want them.
5	I love going to this salon.  I got my eyelashes lengthened and had semi permanent mascara done. I also get my nails done and a pedicare.   I love having mascara on every minute of the day.  I love feeling good about myself.  As you get older I think it is even more important to take care of yourself. I hate to pay an arm and a leg for it and this salon is reasonable plus the time you spend there is fun.
1	I've been here 2 times. The first time I waited at least half an hour and a manicure took TWO HOURS. It took so long because the manicurist stopped halfway through to do someone's eyebrows. Really? She did a good job on my nails and everyone has an off day so I gave it another shot.I went in a few days ago for a mani and french gels. The owner says, okay have a seat. I sit in the chairs where you dry your nails...15 mins goes by...customers have to dry their nails and there aren't enough seats so I stand up and ask him how much longer. He says , I'm done, I'm done, I'm ready, but ...um... he's not, and has me sit back down. Things get crowded. Eventually I get tired of being lied to and made physically uncomfortable, and leave, saying I'll be back later. I come back after browsing through Walmart and running some errands. The guy gives me a gel mani, and charges me for the gel mani, but as it turns out, a very important thing was missing-  the MANI. That guy charged me for a manicure but didn't give me one- no soaking, no cuticle trimming, nothing. He just filed my nails a little (not much since I file my own) and painted away. And the gel, well, I'm on day three and the polish is already chipping/wearing on four nails. I think charging for a service that you don't provide makes you a CROOK.
5	My mom and I have been coming to Regal Nails for a couple of years now. We both receive pedicures and fills on our nails regularly and have no complaints. The herbal pedicure is wonderful! Plenty of soaking time, plus a massage and hot towel wrap leaves your legs and toes feeling absolutely wonderful! Other reviews complain of long wait times - they do get busy, especially on the weekends, but when you make an appointment they are usually prompt and have you on your way in no time!
3	The Herbal Pedicure? 5-star! They use new instruments each time, have plenty of soaking time plus a massage and hot towel foot wrap.The problem comes if you call to make an appointment. While they mark your appointment down in their book, your appointment isn't honored. They will take a customer who walks in 2 minutes earlier over your appointment, which leaves you waiting for a half an hour or more. This morning I called to schedule herbal pedicures simultaneously for my Mom and I for a Mother's Day treat. We arrived well before our scheduled time. And two nail technicians drew our water and asked us for our nail colors and herbal choices. But when a walk-in showed up, asking for a mani/pedi (when we only wanted herbal pedicures) the second nail tech bailed on my Mom and took the walk-in. Leaving my Mom to soak for 45 minutes while I had my pedicure done - after which the same tech then gave my Mom her pedicure. If you have time to kill and are solo, this is your place. But if you want a scheduled appointment look elsewhere.
2	I live down the street so I used to come here all the time when it first opened. I was able to always walk in and get my service done immediately. The old owner was really sweet and knew me as a regular. It's been getting a lot of business and it takes forever just to wait. I've gone here a couple of times and it was too busy so I just left. Even when I decide to make an appointment, it's still too long of a wait. One time I waited about an hour or so...and fell asleep...and it's a walmart shopping center so nothing really to do. Now, I think the owner has changed because they not only do nails but they do hair as well! It's small so it's crammed inside. The nail tech's are nice. Nothing bad about them, really. Just the quality of the gel and selection kind of sucks compared to other nail salons. I would really only go here if I needed something done really bad, but most of the time I just go somewhere else. It's not bad pricing either, I paid for my gel acrylic nails & my sister's manicure for only $50. This was the place back in the day.
