5	I was very excited to find out Roberto's expanded YET AGAIN to this are of Henderson since my sister lives very close to this location. I'm pretty sure they just opened up a couple days ago. In case you didn't know, Roberto's is my go-to post-debauchery food after a night of drinking and other shenanigans that happened, if I'm near one. Hell, I even think its amazing when sober. I usually go for their carne asada fries or a California burrito, but most of the time, like during my visit here, I went with the fries. It's a shade under 8 bucks, and so it seems slightly more expensive than the other locations I've been to. Either way I still think its worth it. Something about how they season the carne asada that keeps my fork busy. Pour on some of that chile verde sauce and its a done deal. Every bite is practically like going to heaven... twice. I wasn't even drunk or buzzed when I ate this mind you. Since its a brand new location, I appreciate the cleanliness of it all. For a franchise with over 40 locations in the Las Vegas area alone, it sure knows what its doing when it comes to making amazing Mexican food.  If I ever crave it at say 5 in the morning, best believe I'd come here, since like pretty much all other locations, its 24 hours. That's right. 24 hours. Roberto's FTW.
4	Yeah, finally some decent fast Mexican food in the Black Mountain, Henderson area. Same menu as the other Robertos and the place is new, nice and clean. Prices are very very reasonable.There are a few things they can improve on. The first being the red sauce that you fill the little containers with, it's thin and watery. Hopefully it will thicken with time? Is it me or would a couple flat screen TVs be a good idea? Also it would be cool if they had the tiny soft shell tacos like you get on those taco trucks, charge like 75 cents each and they would have a line out the door! Overall it's good to know they are down the street and open all the time! Your wish is their command. They even have tasty breakfast burritos!  Lets support this place Henderson/Las Vegas we need places like this to stay open! The food is pretty good anyways!
2	The only thing I like about it is that it is 24 hrs., however, I haven't gone back after my first attempt at a breakfast burrito.  if you're fine with the same, bland burritos, keep coming back.
2	Got a dose of "Montezuma's Revenge" a while back. Makes me wonder what got me, now I have doubts about the place. Sometimes the tongs that you use to pick up the spicy carrots is submerged under the brine. There are some construction worker types that eat there and they are not all that tidy. I've seen a few of them make a total mess as they fill up the little cartons with salsa. They drop stuff on the floor like gorillas at the zoo. Maybe stuff like salsa should be prepackaged and not self service? Gosh, should I go back to see if I get sick again? I may have to stick to bean and chesse burritos and use bottled hot sauce from home. Oh well.
3	I was initially excited about having a mexican place next door, a dream i had in orange county with alejandro's. The moment of truth came as the semester wound down and i had to inject as many calories into my body as i could in as small of a space and time as possible. The bacon burrito seemed to fit the bill. While hefty and filled with egg, cheese, and bacon goodness, the price was reminiscent of orange county, about five bucks. Now anybody willing to work at two in the morning in front of a stove deserves a medal, I found it interesting that the honorable chef was none other than somebody who i will refer to as toothless jose. Suffice it to say that the name is apt and while he wraps a damn good burrito, it seems that the toothpick he had in place for his forlorn teeth made its way into the eggs and I now had a bacon, egg, cheese, and oak special. Fortunately, the stabby end was parallel to my gums and I did not end up with wood coming out of my nose. Ive now been there twice and it seems that ive had the same batch of jamaica each time. I love sopes, so i had to try, the shell was hard and stale, but the shredded beef saved the day. At least it's 24 hours, not an act without courage in this town.
1	I used to like this place except now the service with an awful sour attitude! Food is ok as compared to other nearby Mexican restaurants. I suggest going somewhere else! I highly do not recommend this place until they change service attitude!
4	Prices are still up there, but the Jamaica tastes like it was made during the day now. I haven't seen toothless Jose around, but the cook behind the stove is just as good, sans toothpick. I like the chillaxed atmosphere in there, and it's relatively quick service.
4	When I lived in Phoenix and worked the graveyard shift, my only choices for food in the middle of the night were Whataburger and Roberto's.  Now, all these years later, I have a Roberto's close to my house at the Gibson location.  Gourmet food this is not - but for a quick lunch that will fill you up or after a night of cocktails, it's the perfect choice.  The prices are reasonable and oddly enough, I always order the same thing and never deviate.  The food just tastes so good, though sometimes I question the quality of the meat.  There is plenty of seating available, but I usually order take out and eat at home.  This establishment is always clean, including the restrooms, and the staff have always been friendly.  It's a great alternative to the traditional fast food outlets.
4	Food always arrives fast, tables are clean. The only complaint and this may sound silly, but their napkins are so light that when you pick up the food tray and walk to your table, the napkins start flying all over the place. This has happened to me every time.
3	Roberto's, how can I describe you best? Oh I know...CRAZY GOOD DRUNK FOOD! After a long night out on the town, partying and drinking it up, head to Roberto's to fulfill your late night munchies. Can I recommend the carne asada nachos? Warm tortilla chips piled high with fresh carne asada meat, guacamole, sour cream and TONS of cheese. Aye papi! All-in-all: Good mexican food, fair prices, lots of bang for your buck, made to order, always fresh. Muy bueno ;)
4	This is my new go to place for carnitas.  Very generous portions and very fresh.
3	Overall not bad. You get A LOT of food for your money here, and that is always a perk. I had a chimichanga and it was pretty good. Wish it was filled with more stuff (the majority of it was the fried outside), but it still tasted good. Friendly staff. The salsas were probably my biggest critique. I thought they were all very very bland (flavorless) and not very spicy. It would have been nice if they had pico available too.
3	Best little taco shop, by the house!! fast ,good and cheap!!! and the hot sauce ripz!!!
3	I miss the Tommy Pastrami's that was in this location, but my Carne Asada Fries are biking distance now. So, not much of a loss. I notice very little deviance from the other Roberto's locations, which means this is "the" taco shop with a duplicate-able sense of business. This particular location does offer green onions in the salsa bar, which is a plus, but while self-serve salsa bars seems to be a trend in Mexican cuisine, I would not trust the area with these gringos. Remember, these are the same guys that taught terrorists to fly but not land, and why Las Vegas businesses have such a false sense of security. So, if they can't police their own safety, what makes you think they can handle a salsa bar. I've posted similar concerns with U-Swirl and Yogurtland. Self serve areas in food service is a foolish idea, especially in a fast food atmosphere.Nonetheless, I come here for machaca, chorizo, and breakfast burritos. This is also my place for quesadillas and horchata; perfect amount of cinnamon. I do wish they had tacos de cabeza. The only location I remember seeing this was at Maryland near UNLV. I dine out a lot over the past 30+ years, and I only got sick at Jack-in-the-box (twice) and Burger King once. So, this place is the cleanest of its kind, and the service is also really fast. I think I'll go there now._______________________________________-____-_____Well, I just came back from there, and I was slightly peeved. The salsa bar was amazingly messier than any time I've ever seen it, and it was only 9:30 in the morning. I ordered my regular carne asada fries but I wasn't in the mood to eat a whole order, and since they only have one size, I asked them to put it into 2 separate smaller containers instead. She said they could not do that for me. But she was able to give me 2 empty small containers along with my regular order.  The adjustment is very small and would take only 10 seconds to split the ingredients into 2 smaller containers. That kind of inflexibility shows me some inexperience with the cooks.The service was still fast, but what was once a 4 star place has dropped one whole star because they could not accommodate such a minor request.I went home and took a spatula and split it myself. It took 5 seconds, but the ingredients did not adhere like the original prepared presentation. If they did it I would be happy. But like most businesses in the US, it's not their job to make me happy- nor is it my job to tip them.
4	I love me some Mexican food! This place is clean and pretty fast. I honestly can appreciate when it takes more than two seconds for my food to be prepared because then you hope that its actually being cooked after you ordered VS microwaved. I got a bangin' torta. Doesn't compare to my favorite spot in Chicago, but def delish.
3	I've had so many friend hype up Roberto's to me for so long. I've been told that this place is the ish after a long night of drinking, particularly because their open 24 hours a day. But I can't say it really lived up to my expectations. While yes, this place was good-- it just wasn't anything special. It isn't fair that the day I went here was while I was on my cross country road trip, and had the best burrito of my life in Arizona. For this, I would go back and give them another shot. I had a vegetarian burrito, my go to order, with beans and rice. My theory on Mexican food: you can always judge a place based on their rice and beans, and the chips and salsa. Green salsa was really good. Burrito was good, just nothing great. Beans and rice, again good, just nothing to fall in love with.  The service wasn't anything outstanding, but very efficient.  Would I try it again? Sure.  But, I feel that there could be better out there.
5	It's true.  I'm a lover of Taco Bell.  I can't tell you how amazing their burritos are.  It was like crack in a wrap.  Be careful though, the meat is so fresh and moist that it'll drip out of the packaging, soaking into your clothes, and making you smell of sweet, sweet pork.  Man, I can't wait to get back to Las Vegas, so I can feast on these bad boys again.
1	All the reviews for this place (positive ones, at least) involve copious amounts of alcohol.  If I have to be intoxicated to enjoy a food, it just must not be very good.  Sorry, but Roberto's beef tastes like horse meat when you're sober.  It's all gray and hard... kinda reminds me of that scene from the movie Animal House when they scared that horse to death and had to chop it up to fit it through the door.  Now I know where the poor creature ended up!  The place was also really filthy.
3	My typical Robertos is off of Fort Apache and Tropicana, by where I used to work.  However, now I don't work there so I needed to find a Robertos by my house.  This is my first one and it is really not as good as my old Robertos.  I ordered the cheese enchilladas.  The beans were very dry and tasted powdery.  I had never eaten beans in all my years until I went to Roberts on Fort Apache,  The also were very stingy on the cheese topping, the guys at Ft. Apache load the beans with cheese. The rice at Gibson was actually good, but the enchillada was lacking in sauciness (not sure if thats a word). I will have to continue looking for a Roberto's like up on Ft. Apache.
4	You go here for anything Carne Asada. Their Guac has chile verde in it to give it a nice kick as well. Taquitos aren't bad either.
2	It's a better option than Taco Bell, but what isn't?  I think this place is a little over-hyped.  It's not that expensive which is good, but the food is extremely greasy and sub-par.  If I am really hungry, it is tough to go the place because I'll usually end up with a stomach-ache - and I consider myself someone who has a pretty strong stomach.  Also they don't have a "only chips" option on their menu.  Not a huge deal, but the only option on the menu is "chips and cheese."  The cheese isn't even melted, so it's like a lazy version of nachos.  I'd give this place a 3, but I feel I have to balance the force of the review system.
4	Perfect food for the late night grubs! 3am after a club or a bar..and you just wanna have a good time and need somethin to fill up those alcoholic tummies, this is the joint yo! Ok so I haven't gone here late night yet, but i assume it would be perfection. Burritos are awesome and cheap. They melt in your mouth and leak onto your lips and faces. I really like carne asada and adobada burritos. They're both under 5 bucks. Tacos are too cheesy for me but if you're a cheesy type of gal or guy, check it out. Typical looking slightly larger mexican restaurant. The service at night was horrible. I stood in front of this mexican chick at the register for at least 10 seconds before she noticed i was standing in front of her. Then she looked at me and was like..'what?' GIRL I WILL SLAP YOU! some atrocious service at the time. other days that i have gone it was not that bad, but beware for the beezies who hate their job. food is good..forget all the other things i said :).
1	I expected really amazing mexican food in the southwest, but I've only been disappointed. The food at Roberto's is heavy and greasy. There was runny sour cream poured on everything and it was outrageously salty. I tried it once and I haven't gone back.
5	I can only imagine this goodness gets better when drunk, but for my hungover boyfriend and I, it cured all wounds.We ordered a smorgasbord--more food than either of us should consume on a single day, probably. I with the cheese enchilada plate, and he with the carne asada wet burrito, and the both of us with carne asada street tacos and chips and cheese with guac. The guacamole was probably the least good part of the meal--the dreaded watery avocado paste--but the rest of the meal was delish.I had never been to any Roberto's--funny living in Vegas for a while and having lived in Southern California as well, but I enjoyed myself. It's interesting how accustomed I get to places like Chipotle and Cafe Rio and then once I get to a place like this, it's at once awesome and disappointing. I want queso! I want chunky avocados! But then I'm like, wait, this is better, actually, and probably with less terrifying ingredients. Open 24 hours for all those drunken late night cravings!
4	Always a great late night spot !  I tend to come here late night after a fun time drinking!  The breakfast burritos are super good and very filling! My fav though has to be the super carne asada nachos!  I have never seen a place pack on the toppings like they do! I have never been let down!
4	I'm a huge Robertos fan!  Food is great!  The only downfall...I'm from San Diego and nothing tastes better than the Robertos in Chula Vista!!!!
5	By far the best Roberto's in town! Why you ask, because they actually stock limes in there salad bar! Most Roberto's in town only have lemons, there is nothing better then tacos with lime! Also if you really love lime like I do don't forget to put a squeeze in your Dr. Pepper makes it amazing.
1	Went there only to be told that anything I ordered would be microwaved. They had just cleaned the grill and didnt want to get it dirty. They are a 24 hour business so exactly how long would they want to keep the grill clean? Will not visit this location again.
5	Excellent, so many loocations to choose from in Cali and Las Vegas area. Order it to-go and you will get a larger serving.
3	Not all tacos are created the same...and for this visit, I was all about the carne asada nachos. Definitely a treat
5	I grew up 15 min from the TJ border and this franchise is based in Chula Vista... Where I lived . Fast, hot, and authentic Mexican fast food ... Finally a California Burrito and a Machaca Burrito in Las Vegas that doesn't suck. Keep I mind it's fast food.... Not fine dining. This store is much cleaner than others I've been to in to in town
4	Great hangover Food or when you're done partying for the night. Roberto's is the only place I go to for Mexican fast food. I like this one wayyy better than the one on Boulder Hwy.
2	Ah, carne asada tacos... food of the Gods! Even Jennifer Lopez thinks so as she references TACOS in her song "Tacos y Burritos." The lyrics go something like THIS: "Burrito. Taco taco. Burrito. Taco. Taco taco. Don't think just because I got a lot of money, I'll give you taco-flavored kisses, honey. Fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses.Taco taco. Burrito burrito." And taco flavored kisses you shall have in combination with an intense bout of watery diarrhea after you eat at Roberto's. No need to go camping for an episode of Giardia induced diarrhea... or are you a fan of vibrio cholera? Mmmm...rice water stool... kinda looks like the horchata in Roberto's most likely cockroach infested drink mixer. You know there's a medical school just down the block from here. I'm sure the med students would love to practice on you if you can't make it to the closest urgent care center! This place tastes okay if you're into lard flavored lard with a side of atherosclerosis. Definitely NOT weight watchers friendly. On second thought, maybe the colon cleanse might help me fit into the plus sized black dress that I recently got from Adele's Thrift Shop.
4	I LOVE ROBERTO'S!!! If you want some quick Mexican food this is the place to go. They serve delicious food 24/7. Chicken-Taco-Wednesdays are the best; you can buy as many tacos as you want for $1. I also love their breakfast burritos and enchiladas.
5	Excellent place for quick Mexican food.  The place really gets busy during lunch.  However, the wait isn't long.  The kitchen works fast without sacrificing quality. The sitting area is large and there is plenty of room between tables.  Restrooms have been sparkling clean both times I've used them.
4	Who can beat fresh authentic chicken tacos for a buck?  The answer is no one!  This place is awesome for any mexican food but if you stop by on wednesdays, you have to get them.  I also love the horchata if you enjoy that sort of thing
4	The food here is pretty good and they are open 24 hours. The carne asada and adobada tacos or burritos are my favorites. I think the chicken taco is just ok.
5	Cheapest Mexican breakfast in town!!!  Great food and ok service.  The one on Gibson is the best in my book.
1	From what i remember Roberto's being this place was not doing what it needs to be.  First off the service and everything else was good.  No complaints there. The sauce bar was a mess, cups everywhere and ladles in the sauce no thongs for the carrots or cucumbers.  Just a bad start right off the bat.  The food came out quick and was hot.  Another plus for fast food.  Then when i was really about to enjoy that first bite of my Carne asada burrito it hit me.  WAY TO SALTY. This was the same for my whole group.  The carnitas, carne asada fries, and the quesadilla.   I couldn't even finish. Sadly to say i was really looking forward to this location since it was right near the house and i will drive to Don Tortaco from now on.
5	Out of all the Roberto's in the Las Vegas area, this by far is the best. - Cleanest - Freshest - Nicest- Most spacious - Even during peak times, 6-8pm, still not that bad of a wait - Usually order on the phone. Food ready in 10min. Great service. - Salsa bar packed. If not, friendly enough to restock- Even on Chicken taco Wednesdays, not sloppy. - I wouldn't go out of my way to just to visit this particular location when you have one right next to where you live, but I feel this place deserves merits.
4	Pretty good for a chain taco place.  Go for the Wed $1 taco special . . .you can't beat the tacos for a buck.  If you happen to find yourself there on a day other than Wed, you can't go wrong with the Carne Asada burrito.
3	If you go with the basics, the food here is good enough. If you are seeking an above average dining experience you've stepped foot in the wrong place.I've finally figured out that you do not use the salsa bar unless you want a stummy ache. I don't know what could happen to a 24 hour salsa bar, but I bet it isn't a pretty sight.Did someone sneeze into it? did a child swirl the sauce with dirty hands? maybe dropped the handle part of the tongs into it? I just want to say, I order the basic popular items and they are good enough for your basic Mexican food cravings. Bean and Cheese burritos with rice is good and so are the rolled tacos (taquitos), but use your own salsa or hot sauce from home cause I blame the salsa bar on tummy aches or ........
3	This was a very average place.  Not good,  not bad just average.  It was clean,  it has a salsa bar, the cashier was pleasant,  parking was easy,  bathrooms were clean.  The food was fine,  hot and as shown on the menu.  The Styrofoam plates are less than desired but whatever.  I have no plans to go back but wouldn't refuse to eat there either.
5	I've been here many times after drinking heavily. Beer mixes well with there food lol. My fav is the chimichangas. The carne asada nachos are loaded with meat!
5	This is the absolute best Roberto's I've ever been to in Vegas. The workers are polite, bathrooms and seating areas, and condiment section is always clean. Everything is always SO bomb. The cooks know exactly what they're doing.
5	The BEST Roberto's in town!! We always bounce between our favorite of Roberto's menu items: Carne Asada Burrito, their Bacon Breakfast burrito, Carne Asada Fries (or Carne Asada Nachos) or their 3 rolled tacos, (which come LOADED with guacamole, cheese and sour cream) My husband and I always split a burrito between the 2 of us because their portion sizes are HUGE!We had to get Roberto's once from another location once because we weren't near this one, and the carne asada burrito we ordered was about HALF the size of the ones they make at this location, so we vowed to always do business with this one! The cooks are always friendly and liberal. I'm starting to think that they know we are repeat customers.... We seriously have Roberto's about twice a week. And you should too! The staff is friendly, the location is clean and spacious, and the salsa bar is always freshly supplied and clean.We've never had an issue with waiting too long, but then again we usually have (nay, CRAVE) Roberto's either early in the morning or late in the evening. And the fact that they are 24 hours is ALWAYS a plus. Whether you call your order in or place it when you're there, the wait is never more than about 10 minutes. Definitely a favorite food place of ours! 5 STARS!
3	The food here is excellent but the 50 cent transaction fee for credit card is ridiculous.
