5	Vegas was beginning to dissapoint me until I came here.  finally found some good Mexican food! Family owned. Chips and salsa while you wait for your food. And the salsa bar is awesome. Won't be disappointed.
5	This was a hidden gem. We were going to go for our third visit to the place next door (Beijing Noodle) but decided why not try this small Mexican food place next door. Bottomline is great food at great prices. I got a carne asada  burrito for just under $5. Good, BUT the star of the show was that my friend got a the three enchiladas special for $6.25. A cheese, chicken, and a carne asada enchilada! Came with rice and beans. Beans are super excellent!You need to try this place.
5	I can't wait to try everything on this menu.  We got smothered burritos that are massive and you have a choice of red mild or hot and green mild.  The red hot is great.  We had a colifornia and a regular carne adasa - the meat was tender and flavorful.  The only other thing we got was a fish taco to try it - it was also huge and so delicious - with a lot of fresh guac on top.  They have a huge selection and I really hope they do well - the food speaks for it's self.
4	This is my review after my first 4-5 visits.  Please note that I reserve 5-star ratings for places that are truly mind-blowing & must visit establishments....and this place could end up earning that right once I try more of the menu & they tweak a few things.  :)Right now, I'm hooked on the chili verde burritos.  They are served piping hot & perfectly seasoned for my taste.  Highly recommended!  (5 stars)They also do a great job of honoring special requests & the front counter guy has a good memory of my previous requests.  You see, my girlfriend is allergic to onions, which can be a real challenge when eating Mexican food at restaurants.  Many restaurants seem to marinate or include onions as a base ingredient in nearly everything.  It appears Salsa Loca does a very good job at avoiding this problem.As for the restaurant itself,  it's been clean during all of my visits.  Front counter guy is friendly & helpful.Other items I've tried:Al Pastor tacos (good, not great - 4 stars)Carne Asada tacos (good, not great - 4 stars)Chicken burrito with no onions (special request I believe or it simply doesn't come with onions - 4 stars)Things I'd like to see improved (so far):Cucumbers in the salsa bar are diced into cubes.  I'd prefer bigger pieces.Carrots & Onions in the salsa bar (does that have a name?). Seems lacking.Horchata:  it's kept in a sliding glass door cooler on the bottom shelf.  Would like to see a better setup for that.Here's the bottom line:  this place is the overall best walk up to the counter/take-out Mexican spot in that neighborhood & well worth a visit.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Solid, solid, solid 4.5 Stars for this place.I've easily been here over a dozen times & they never disappoint.  I've had items from nearly every section of the menu.  The only things I haven't tried are the tortas.This place is simply excellent.
5	Fast, fresh, and inexpensive! Tried this for the first time and got their sopes special. Delicious!
5	THIS is the utter definition of a "Hole in the wall."  Nothing visually impressive, come to expect one thing upon entering... and getting something completely different.  Thank you, fellow yelp reviewers!  This place was great!Everything in previous reviews is spot-on here.  Great prices - I had five rolled chicken tacos with lettuce, tomato, sour cream, guacamole, etc piled on $5.50 that included a drink.  So fresh!  So delicious!  So reasonable!  Small space but clean - expansive menu with a guy/girl running the show.  Nice little salsa bar and they didn't try to kick me out when I arrived fifteen minutes to closing.  I knew this was quality when he mentioned that they get a little slow around noon to two since "all the dentists and their assistants come to get food."  Dentists can afford to go to Lindo around the corner so we know this place delivers!  I'm very sad this isn't closer to my house - I'd be there all the time.  Great deal and great food.  Ole!
3	Stopped in here today to get some lunch.It's a small spot next to a noodle joint and a tattoo shop. The TV was blasting Judge Mathis when we walked in.We ordered a fish taco combo, that comes with rice and beans.Two small carnitas tacos, and a carnitas torta.We got salsas, limes, and carrots before our food was delivered to us.They have a vinegar salsa that was to die for!Tacos were good, but I guess I'm used to the creamy sauce that comes with it...these fish tacos could have really used it. The small tacos were good, The torta was a tad salty for my liking.The carrots were just mush. Usually, I'm used to them raw, with a little bit of crunch.These tasted like they were boiled before they were pickled. Not very appetizing.
4	Its very hard to find decent Mexican food in Las Vegas. I found Salsa Loca to be spot on with their tacos my favorite carnitas or al pastor the place is clean and employees very friendly. The salsa bar is enjoyable as well though I didn't think any of the salsa were extremely hot they were flavorful.
5	I live right down the street and am disappointed with myself because I just barely found this place like a month ago. I've yet to be disappointed by anything that I've had there. Their tamales are some of the best I've had in town and they do grilled chicken, not boiled, which is a bonus for me. My husband is way more adventurous then I am. He's tried damn near every protein that they offer and is always  raving about how awesome it is. Love this place, it's become apart of our weekly rotation.
