4	I think it's time for another poem, dedicated to the really nice people and delicious food at this Steak 'n Hoagie location:Hello, gyro my hero - I missed you so,If I didn't have pants to fit into, I would never let you go. With salads, sandwiches and cheesesteaks too,This Steak 'n Hoagie shop is my new boo. So, go on and grab a $4.20 gyro pita,I promise it will make you purr like a cheetah.
4	Oh steak and hoagie how I love you for not being over the top.  $4 for a banging gyro and $6 for an awesome sub. What more can you want?  This place is perfect for lunch and is never really packed.
4	$15.97. That's my tab for dinner here once or twice per month. You can dine in, but I always order to-go. Two gyro's and a gyro greek salad. Location is convenient at the intersection of South Blvd & Canton in a small strip mall. Food is awesome, quick and hot! I enjoy the gyro better than Greek Isles. Check it out!
4	After reading Todd's review, I bookmarked this place. I tend to trust Todd's judgement in food so I knew it would be a good time.And it was. A great cheesesteak made to order. I chose the "black and blue" which had a decent amount of blue cheese dressing on it plus lettuce and tomato and onions and peppers. Not exactly "Philly" traditional, but who cares? It tasted excellent. And priced right!They have a Pepsi fountain and one of the buttons dispenses soda water. This is a plus for me.And bonus! They have free wifi!I'll be back!
4	3.5 stars to be exact.  I have been told by a coworker to give this place a try.  He spoke highly of it but didn't elaborate. I thought... Just hoagie, can't be that fabulous.  When I stopped by for a hurried lunch to go, I was surprised that it's not just hoagie.  In fact I didn't see anyone ordering a hoagie.  There was roast chicken, and gyro, and veggies, and yes, sandwiches (or hoagies).  And the best part was it was cheap!  I had a 1/4 chicken and 2 veggies and a side of garlic toast for less than $5 with tax.  Service was ok.  I got my food in a few minutes. Man, I was so excited all the way back to my office.  Here comes the star deduction.  Everything looked great and smelled great yet tasted a little bland.  It wasn't bad by any means, it just smelled so darn good.  I was hoping the food would be kicking good.There will be next time, and I will follow suit and try the gyro.  I am glad to have stopped in last week... Cheap and semi healthy lunch options are limited and this will be one in the area.
5	I absolutely love this place! The service is great and fast. The food selection is huge and I have yet to try something I don't like. I go to Steak'n Hoagie about once a week. They are super affordable and if you are a big meat person you're going to love how far your dollar gets you. I have nothing but great things to say about this place. From their huge menu all the way down to their lemon juice or Texas Pete's hot sauce condiment packets Steak 'n Hoagie has nailed it if your looking for a fast, cheap and delicious meal.
3	I really wanted to like this place.  I lived in Philadelphia for 10 years and have been looking for a good authentic cheesesteak.  This regrettably fell short.   The place is clean and the service is friendly.  Portion size for the price was quite reasonable.  On one hand, they get it.  A Philly cheesesteak should be meat, cheese and onion and that is what they offer.  The meat however should, quite honestly, be greasier.  That combined with there not being enough cheese made for a dry sandwich.  The meat also had a seasoning to it, maybe rosemary, that just really had no place on a cheesesteak.  The roll it was served on was excellent, a rarity in the charlotte area.  They had a nice selection of sides, but didn't have French fries which was really what a good cheesesteak should be paired with.This is not a bad place and maybe my expectations were too high.  All in all I was hoping for a taste of home and it just fell short.
4	Lunch on the run. Was heading towards Chick-Fil-A and saw The Steak 'n Hoagie Shop. Had to make a pit stop thinking of NYC and Philly Cheese Steak. Went for the Gyro Combo instead.Love- Love- Love the Gyro and the potato side item. What was so amazing the Gyro was not greasy at all. Fresh pita bread. No heartburn. What a relief!!! Definitely coming back for the Philly Cheese Steak next time I am in the neighborhood.
