1	just awful.  i have been shopping at this location for the last two years and without fail once a week, i have to go to another grocery store to find the item copps didn't stock...  and it's not like i'm shopping for exotic items.  this week they didn't have arugula or blueberries.  last week they were out of cabbage.  the week before that, there was no flatbread.  it goes on and on.the produce is stocked at all times of the day, so if you are shopping at 11am you are bound to get your cart stuck trying to get around someone.  additionally, the produce is NEVER good.  have you tried to buy a red or vidalia onion from this location?  they are *always* rotten.  we found bread covered in mold in the bulk section - the expiration date was two weeks prior.  ditto in the dairy section - make sure you check the dates of every single thing you purchase because this location is notorious for their problems with stocking and freshness.once in awhile you get a checker who actually looks up and smiles and greets you but the kids bagging are just worthless.  i've had to trek back outside to find a cart because they are never returned in a timely manner on the weekends.  i give the bagger three recycled bags and they put 30 pounds of groceries into one bag and hand me the leftover bags.  seriously?!  i re-bag every single thing, every single time.  yesterday's fun find:  the genius bag boy put ripe tomatoes at the bottom of the bag and i didn't catch it when i re-bagged.  three of the five vine tomatoes split.what else?  seriously i could go on and on.  the worst part for anyone that lives on this side of town is that copps is quite literally the only grocery store.  i've been venturing out to whole foods, which is wonderful but expensive and a twenty minute drive.  but when it comes to fish, you couldn't pay me to buy from copps.  take a look at their mussels and oysters if you feel inclined - 95% of them are dead.  and forget about finding something "exotic" like falafal mix or tahini.copps, you suck.
1	I've gone here several times specifically for bakery items, and every single time I go there is an employee behind the counter that completely ignores me.  I've tried the casual clearing of the throat, the gentle rapping on the counter, a very lady like "excuse me" or "hello" and none of it works.  So you may be thinking to yourself "well its time to get rude!"  Yeah, I've tried that too.  I've raised my voice.  "HELLO?  I'VE BEEN WAITING OVER HERE FOR A WHILE NOW."  Yet every single one of those bakery employees keep their backs to me and utter not a word.  Once they finally saunter over to you they are nasty, nasty little women who look like they want to scratch your eyes out.They don't say "how can I help you?" or "thanks for waiting," they screech "WHAT DO YOU WANT!!?"  You dare to speak your request and they scowl and let out the biggest miserable sighs imaginable.  Then they start pointing their crooked fingers at various items and bark "which one?!??  This one??!  This one?!?!!!!?"  Working in the bakery at Copps must be a nightmare, or they aspire to only hire people who don't have one nice bone in their bodies.  Either way, I think they eat small children.
1	I kid you not, I saw a female employee in the bakery open up a package of cookies, offer them to children standing nearby, and as soon as another child approached, she slammed the lid shut and put the cookies under the counter and just stared at the little kid like "I will eat your face if you come any closer!"  The little kid turned around and ran away looking scared, and so did I.
4	Other Yelpers are really down on this Copps and I have no idea why. It's definitely shinier and bigger than the old Pick N Save ever was. It's got a great selection and I suspect that it'll keep up as best it can with the competition now that the new Woodman's has opened up just down the road. Great liquor department - they even once offered to order a wine for me that they didn't have in stock. Decent size selection of "specialty" cheeses (which aren't super special, but are fancier than a lot of Midwesterners go for), and a pretty decent bulk foods section for when you want 10 lbs. of raw almonds or somesuch. I've always had good service here.
3	I like Copps...here is why: It's not local but I can walk thereYou don't need a perks card to get a discounted price FREE SAMPLES The cashiers are always friendly...even when I am trying to share the difference between Copps and Kopps Middle of the road pricing They give my daughter a cookie which keeps her happy the rest of the shopping trip
4	I have to admit, I have been to some pretty awful Copps locations, but this one in Sun Prairie is the best I've seen. They recently fixed up the produce section and I think it shows.Even though I do some of my shopping at another Sun Praririe supermarket because they carry some items that this store does not, I ALWAYS make a trip here to purchase meat and produce.Their produce is fresh and displayed nicely. They don't keep it sitting in 3-feet high bins with gross produce going bad at the bottom of the bin like other supermarkets. The displays contain smaller amounts of different produce items so you can tell it's turned over more often.I could wax poetic about their deli and meat department. They have some great pre-made burger options and their cuts of meat are very high quality. Their deli offers good salads for in a pinch.Plus, go shopping around noon on Saturdays and you will get some of the best samples I've ever had at a supermarket.
