5	Just got back from my first visit here, and I'm definitely impressed! I was a bit skeptical of what the environment would be like going in, considering Triptych is located in a commercial office building area of Savoy, but they did a really nice job of imparting a relaxed coffee-shop-esque sort of feel to the space. There's a nice bar with about 8 seats right in front of you when you walk in, and off to the right about 10 tables (including an AWESOME chess board table made out of grains!). The menu is on a three panel LCD board that cycles through with nice photography to go with each beer they offered; a nice touch.     As far as the beer goes, I was impressed! Definitely my favorite of the breweries operating in Champaign (Destihl and Blind Pig Brewery being the other two), I really liked the Imperial IPA and its intense fruity / citrus notes without over the top bitterness. The English Pale Ale was nicely malty and very good, and the Scottish Session Ale and Oatmeal Stout were also solid. I'm not a huge fan of fruit beers, but for those that like cherry stouts, the Valentine would be superb.     I definitely see myself returning here often!
4	Reasonable prices, a good variety of choices, and a chill environment. I really like the taster glasses that allow you to sample a bunch of different beers in one sitting. We weren't here very long, but I will definitely come back for a longer visit next time I'm in the area.
3	A brand spanking new brewpub in Savoy. So, of coarse I have to check it out. They will also be distributing to a few places in downtown Champaign. They have either already sent out kegs, or will very shortly.A small L shaped bar with a few tables scattered about. The brewing equipment is displayed on the left. The LCD screens scroll to let you know what is on tap. Some board games, and you can bring in food if you want. That is it. Pretty bare bones.The service is friendly, just one guy behind the bar. He is more than happy to talk shop and answer any questions.The beer leaves something to be desired for me. I love some of the styles they are doing. They had two true session ales. Though neither were that good. A nitro cherry chocolate stout. An Oatmeal Stout, and a hoppy amber. Along with a light beer, which is nothing more than a macro for people that don't like anything else, and an apricot beer (the light beer with fruit added). No thanks on those two. There is a cask about once a week. They will do growlers as well, but have an odd way of cleaning and packaging them though.Overall, I like the people, and it is great that Savoy has a place like this. Though, the beer just did not hit with me. Blind Pig is still king here. Though it is a fun place to chill for a bit.
4	Beer was pretty good, with a few core beers and a few rotating in and out.  Probably the best tasting beer brewed in CU.  The staff was really friendly, and made us feel at home trying most of what they had on tap.  I will be back when I am in town.
4	I'd give Triptych 5 stars if only they had a bike rack out front! :(Like one other reviewer, I just got back from my first trip to Triptych and thought it was pretty darn good. They've transformed the space into a comfortable tasting room that sits right alongside the brewing space. As I sipped my way through a flight (two beers on cask last night and a nice range of other brews), I was able to look over the micro-brewing set up: a Lauter tun, four or five brewing pots, and a set of fermentation vessels. The brewing space was clean and tidy, the sign (I think) of careful brewers. This is certainly a micro brewery, and they're producing some quality beer. The beer tasted like the work of careful brewers, too. On tap last night were some bright hoppy ales on one end of the spectrum, a tasty (slightly sweet) brown ale in the middle, and two or three lagers on the other end of the spectrum. These guys are making quality beers. As 5:00 rolled around, the place filled up and had an easy going atmosphere. I'll definitely go back to Triptych.
5	As a frequent customer of Triptych for the obvious reasons (great environment, friendly/helpful staff, excellent beer, etc.), we recently threw a wedding shower for my best friend here.  Anthony and the rest of the guys were absolutely amazing to work with.  They were extremely flexible with us bringing in food, reserving the space, and accommodating anything we needed.  They even offered, with enough notice, to brew the couple a special beer based on their personal tastes... which, needless to say, was delicious!  I can't speak highly enough about Triptych!  Keep them in mind for happy hours, private events and everything in between!
4	Great little brew pub. They use Square Wallet, really easy to open and close a tab with your phone. Looks like they have some great beers on deck that will probably launch them to 5 star quality.
3	Cool music on my trip. They're trying their best. I like the selection, and their display boards. Really cool to see the different levels left for each beer. I think their beer will continue to get better and evolve over time. Right now, I think they're still at that young brewery stage where they're trying to get out more product rather than the absolute best product, but we'll see. I'll definitely be back though.
5	Great pricing when you go to the brewery. We usually leave with at least one growler. Sometimes, their brew can be hit or miss but I like experimentation and you can never go wrong with the sampler size. I wish they were closer to town and maybe that they served food other than bar nuts.
4	Triptych Brewing is exactly what the C-U area needs; an honest no frills establishment for those who like BEER. Some peanuts or something might be a good idea, but you don't want to spoil this little gem by adding unnecessary things, or taking away from the primary focus, which is beer. I'm a Savoy local and can walk here. I come for the beer, and stay for the peaceful environment. This type of establishment will draw beer lovers and repel trouble makers. I don't want to sound like nouveau riche heel, but an IPA would be nice. Oh yeah, bring back that spicy chile beer (sans the chocolate flavor), I loved it!
4	Great beer and a nice place to sit down and enjoy the brew.   Seating could be better, but that's the only critique.
3	First, check this out: their high tech and info-loaded digital bar menu is a triptych in itself.  It's a three paneled visual display. Their company logo also has hints at three-ness in the number of traditional beer ingredients. I've heard that the name has something to do with the number of brewery founders too.  Second, as noted by our local guide, the weekend bartender often has a broken arm, leg, wrist, etc.  Brewer by day, ultimate fighting hobbyist or stunt car driver by night? We never got around to asking. He seemed like a nice guy and he skillfully, solely managed all aspects of a quickly filling tap room.Third, try out their experimental/hop-school series, which does a nice job of showcasing single-hop ipa flavors. During both of my visits to Triptych, they've only had one of these hop school beers on tap, but it would be nice to have 2 or more varieties side by side in taster sizes so that I can learn how to pin down the flavors that separate amarillo hops, say, from mosaic hops.Triptych is clean, affordable and friendly.  While I think all those things are necessary for a good operation, they're not sufficient for an outstanding brewery.  In other words, when I recommend going to a tap room, I don't necessarily get people thrilled about it due to cleanliness, friendliness and affordability.  Unfortunately, there wasn't much memorable (besides a cool menu board) about the space, the brand, or the beer that I can point to and get excited about. However, with the examples I noted above, I think they've got a lot of potential as they develop over time.  I don't think gimmick is the right word for it, but rather highlights of their business. For example, I think they could benefit and get people interested from building and expanding cool ideas like their hop school series, which has tons of opportunity given all the new, classic and diverse hops out there. As an outside example related to brewing and branding, it seemed like Half Acre in Chicago didn't really take off and set themselves apart until they matched up their creative recipe one-off brews with equally creative naming and labeling from Phineas Jones. Triptych could use some artistic direction to find their groove.Some of Triptych's beer was above average and some of it was more of a work in progress, but all of it was enjoyable.  I think they should try to find an angle, style or feature that separates themselves from other breweries.  Or I could be a bad judge of what makes for a popular brewery around Champaign-Urbana-Savoy, and the locals are completely satisfied with its approachability.  Regardless, I'll probably be back the next time I visit the area and I'll see what limb the bartender has broken most recently.
5	Really enjoyed this brewery. My boyfriend and I have visited many microbreweries and this one rates fairly high up. Kind of an odd location, but yet nice because it is somewhat secluded and not too busy. Several seating options. You can sit at the bar, high pub tables, or booth style seats. I believe they also have free wifi. There is an electronic display behind the bar that shows what beers are on tap. It also shows how much is left in the keg and it is in sync with their website too which I found very cool. I can't remember the bartender's name but he was very friendly and knowledgeable about the brews. My boyfriend chatted with him for some time. We each tried 3 brews and were very pleased with all of them. If I am in the area again I will definitely be stopping in!
5	Triptych is one of the best things going in C-U today! They constantly rotate new and innovative beers and there's always something on the menu that will please any beer drinker. They also do a lot of cask experimentation, which a lot of the local beer snobs love. It's owned and operated by three local guys and they are often seen at the brewery. They've also begun distributing some beer to local restaurants, but nothing beats coming in with friends and hanging out over a few beers. Go try this place!
4	This was my third trip to Triptych.  I haven't been disappointed in the brews at any point.  The space is good and clean and bright.  It doesn't have a pub like feel similar to the Blind Pig.  I think that the beers are more interesting here compared to any other place in C-U.  This last trip I got a coffee and vanilla brown ale. The flavors were subtle and balanced and it still tasted like a brown ale, thankfully.Prices are affordable.  The main reasons that I don't come as often as I should are that they are just a little off the beaten path and they close fairly early (10 on weekdays and 11 on weekends).
