3	Unfortunately this is a quick review.  I didn't get to spend as much time here as I had wanted to besides walking through it twice on my way back to the hotel.  Both times I was impressed, however, with the selection of stores and the diversity of the neighborhood.  I saw a little tea place that I really want to try and is definitely on my list for next time...
2	It's small.  It's full of tourists, and as such doesn't really feel alive.  It closes up at 10pm.  Some of the restaurants say they're open until 11, but walk in after 10 and you'll be told that the kitchen is closed, and out you go.  I don't know what sort of bylaws Montreal has going, but if a China Town isn't even open until midnight (or say, 4am) I don't know what's going on.Take a picture of the gate, and then be on your way.  Maybe try the Dragon Beard's candy, just for a lark.
4	Really great Chinatown, Canadian style! I like how there are pedestrian only streets unlike the one in NYC.
3	if you've never set foot in a chinatown before, this one may be the best thing ever but for a local, this is pretty craptastic! worse if you've visited other bigger and better chinatowns.it does get lively during chinese new year celebration but other than that, it feels dead. sure, its buzzing with tourists and locals during the day but its just traffic. noisy traffic.as for stores and restaurants, depending on what you're looking, its either fucking stupid cheap or my wallet is safe thank you very much.how many pho joints and bubble tea places do one need? apparently, a lot. i've never seen so much of them in a block radius than here..but times seem to be changing now with new entries that bring a different feel to the neighborhood by offering something than what we're used to.
3	Our hotel was located next door to Montreal's Chinatown.  I was surprised to see how small this city's Chinatown is because Montreal is a very large city.  We were here almost every day of our stay in Montreal.  Tried a few bakeries.  Patisserie Harmonie was our absolute favorite!  Some shops are available for purchasing some exotic fruits.  Ate at a Dim Sum place, but was not impressed.I would not go out of my way to visit this Chinatown.  Only if we stay at the Holiday Inn will we be visiting Quartier Chinois Montreal again.
