5	I find Harmony House Music a great place to shop for almost all my music needs. The review before me I find to be a nervous shopper. The staff watches you to make sure they meet ALL your needs. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. I bought a New Fender Ultimate Chorus Amp, So for him to say what he did about their line is just not true. Yes they do allot of catering to students, it's called Bread and Butter, and I fully understand that. No they can't compete with the large chain stores with allot of the famous brands, But they do carry some. They  will go out of their way to make sure you are a satisfied customer. As for the antique side of the store, I have found many little trinkets of my likening. If you don't go look you wont know it's there. Over all I find Harmony House Music a great place to shop.
5	The original review for Harmony House is outdated and inaccurate.  I found this place to be an absolutely excellent music store. These guys are helpful, friendly, offer honest advice (regardless of their cut in the deal).  They keep a nice stock at reasonable prices and are authorized Fender and Gretsch dealers. They also have a nice stock of pianos, though I don't know too much about that.  No, I am not affiliated with them in any way, except for being a satisfied customer. I absolutely recommend.
5	I went here with my 4th grader to rent a strings instrument for her first uear f string class. The customer service was the best I've ever experienced and the prices were the best in the valley! The man helping us knew my daughters teacher well and was able to guide is through amazingly! I will defenitly be recommending this place to everyone I know! Thank you for all your help, your commitment to customer service and for your reasonable prices.
5	Harmony house has served me and my family well over the years for instruments, lessons, service, and kindness. Recently bought my daughter a used flute. Great flute. Great deal. Happy kid. Thank you for promoting harmony in my home Harmony House.
5	We rented my son's 4th grade band trumpet from here and his 5th grade french horn.  I can say I'm now a 2 year loyal customer.  This is a family business and it shows in great service and concern for customers' satisfaction.   It is a friendly, no pressure store.  Jon the owner seems always available to answer questions.  Every repair issue was resolved no fuss fixed that same day in store or they provide us a loaner.  The musical instrument tutors at Harmony House were wonderful with my boy and reasonably priced.   The store encompasses several sections of an older strip mall.  There is a guitar/strings area, piano sales - instrument rental area and one with sectioned booths for individual tutoring.  The antique/collectables area is currently being eliminated to create a larger performance area, so items there are 60% off.  (aug. 2014)
