5	I don't know where to begin. The owner of KB Mobile, Kenny, is a repair-guru! I discovered him years ago when I was still in graduate school and still driving my clunky 'ole Mercury Cougar. That car had so many issues...and towards the end of its life, the issues were getting costly. Not only that, but the dealership as well as the other shops I visited in town were not getting things quite right. For example, I paid over $1,500 to have something in the engine fixed, and then a month later, the same problem surfaced again. The dealership quoted me ANOTHER $1,500 to have the same issue in the engine fixed. I refused to pay it, and I began my search for someone to get to the bottom of the problem. I found Kenny through a friend and gave him a call. He showed up at my doorstep with a huge smile on his face and an amazing, trustworthy energy. Hey, I'm a clueless young female-- he could have told me, "Yea, the dealership is right, but I'll only charge you $900," and I would have gone with it. But Kenny did not simply use the dealership's diagnosis. He took the time to 1) accurately diagnose the problem on his own, 2) give me a step-by-step break down of what he was going to do to fix it, and 3) save me loads of money on the repairs. I think I paid around $400.I kept Kenny on as my trusted mechanic for the rest of my Cougar's life. (I had that car 12 years until the transmission quit!!) Now I have an Audi (hooray!), which Kenny knows tons about-- and he has officially completed its first repair. I won't go into details, but the bottom line is this--*Kenny is 100% trustworthy*He is 100% brilliant when it comes to repairs on both budget and luxury vehicles*He is 100% professionalReally, I can't recommend this man enough. Let me end with an analogy... let's pretend you are dying of some strange, unnamed disease (morbid, I know)-- and you visit the Mayo Clinic, and the local hospital, and the alternative holistic dude at the juice bar... but none of them is able to help cure your illness. In fact, some of them even prescribe medicines and surgeries that you pay loads of money for, but that do nothing for you. Just when you think you are dead for good, you find Dr. Kenny. He shows up at your house, opens up his black bag, runs a few tests on you, and immediately knows exactly what your illness is and exactly how to fix it... and he does. The end. ;)
5	Just had my vehicle looked at by Kenny. He and his associate were on time and most importantly he didn't try to sell me on a a repair that could wait. I will most definitely be calling on Kenny when I am ready to invest in that repair.
5	Finding a reputable, honest, trustworthy auto mechanic is like finding a needle in a haystack, it's not easy and that alone was stressful, along with not knowing what the issues were.  After several Yelp finds later, I came across KB Mobile Auto Repair.  Only have 3 positive review was skeptical but I decided to give them a call.  I made an appointment for he next day and he was able to accommodate the time.  Kenny and John showed up at the house and within 15 minutes, he not only diagnosed the problem but gave me a quote. A quote that was so unexpected, I jumped on it, it was a fraction of what a dealership or shop would have charged. It took a total of about 1.5 hours to get everything from the supplies to repairing the issue to testing out the car to make sure the problem no longer existed.  What I appreciated about them was their professionalism, their candor, their 'cut to the chase' attitude.  They were not there to sell me any other repairs, or swindle me for more money; they were in, they were out, and they got the job done. I was impressed how quickly they diagnosis the problem then come to learn that Kenny has been working on cars since he was 7!! They will travel anywhere, perform work on all sorts of vehicles, and can do just about anything you need. They were both very respectful and very polite, which is rare in this town.  They were genuine and very approachable, down to earth guys.   I highly recommend these guys to any one out there looking for an honest, professional, convenient, auto repair mechanic, these guys are absolutely legit. I would definitely use them again and pass their names out to family and friends.  I had a wonderful experience.  Like I said, finding that one auto mechanic is like finding a needle in a haystack, but this one needle just got bigger in a much smaller haystack!! Thanks Kenny and John!!
5	I've found my Las Vegas mechanic!!  I thought I just needed a new battery cable as the old one had corroded through. Turns out my battery had been on fire! Yikes! Anyway, Kenny and B came out the same day I called, got me hooked up with a new battery and fixed my cable. Price was reasonable and service was excellent. And they come to you! Thanks, guys!
1	So I just moved here, was looking to buy a suv and needed to get a pre-purchase inspection done a vehicle I liked, so I turned to YELP, I find everyone ranting about this KB mobile guy, so I go to the website and fill out a appointment thing on the website, which states please allow 24hrs for a answer back, well 24hrs pass and no word, so I call and speak to Kenny who says he will meet me the next day at 5pm to look over the suv and text him the address, which I did.   The next day I rent a car (so if the inspection was good I could go to bank and get the sale going), so at 4pm I texted kenny's phone saying I will meet him at 5pm, well I show up, at 5:15pm I called Kenny's phone number and was told he would be there in 20min, 20mins nothing, 30 min nothing, 45 min nothing, so I called back again..the person on the phone says that Kenny forgot about our appointment and he is doing a brake job and the guy said wait at the address and Kenny will call me back!!!   So when exactly did Kenny forget, after I sent a text message to his phone at 4pm, maybe Kenny forgot after the guy on the phone told me he would be here in 20mins??? and not only that, I waited till 9pm...and guess what...Kenny never called me back.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!   SO PEOPLE OF YELP, THIS GUY IS A IGNORANT AND UNPROFESSIONAL HACK, WHO DOESN'T HAVE THE ABILITY TO RUN AND TREAT CUSTOMERS RIGHT....YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
5	I have a BMW 528I. I went through 2 unsatisfactory mechanics before finding Kenny. Kenny knows BMW and German cars. His prices are unbeatable. He doesn't charge you more JUST BECAUSE ITS A BMW. He did excellent work and stands by his warranty on his work. He SAVED me alot of money because of his honesty. He provided outstanding referrals for other items needed for my BMW. I referred my family to him and found my new mechanic.
1	Was having truck problems and decided to reach out to this business for help. Called and left a voicemail to which was promptly responded to with a call back from Kenny. Explained my situation and was told to send a text message to him being assured I would receive a call or text back. Fast forward two weeks later, still no response. It's important to note that after reviewing other reviews (by mostly women), and talking on the phone with who I assume was the owner two weeks ago that tries desperately to sound like some type of Rico Suave, along with a Yelp primary business picture of someone's quad muscle (Really?) it doesn't take a Master's Degree to surmise this company is just being run by some creep who's all about helping the ladies, while picking and choosing other jobs as they come.Vegas..and more importantly ladies, you've been warned.
