4	While some people might not think Park Road Books measures up to a huge chain like Border's, this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.  Park Road Books is one of the few remaining independently owned book stores in Charlotte and it deserves our support.  Due to size, it doens't have quite the selection of a store like Borders, but they have good fiction and children's sections, and be sure you will find all the classics here.  If there is something you want that they don't have just ask, they'll be happy to order it for you.
4	PRB is a quiet little store that always has a few racks of books outside to catch your interest.  It works on me 3 out of 5 times and I'll saunter inside to see what's new.  It's tiny but they are very friendly and you could order a book and just pick it up by the time you have to go to Harris Teeter or otherwise visit the Park Road Shopping Center again.
5	One of the last indie stores standing, and I say BRAVO! Refusing to cave in to pressure from the chains, this store survives and its whip-smart staff really delivers. If they don't have it, they turn over every stone to find it -- fast. A pleasure to deal with.
4	I love that I've found a bookstore that isn't a chain. As much as Borders and Barnes are tried and true, it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around. They've got racks of books outside that will charm you and entice you to come inside, and once you do you'll be sure to find a great selection and gifty items on top of it. Brides, they give away a complimentary bridal book with lots of great resources - it's pretty thick! ;)
4	I have to say, this place surprised me a bit.  I was kind of expecting one of those crummy little used book places, but this was actually a very nice store.  They may not have the big selection of the chain stores, but I managed to find some things I haven't seen in the bigger stores.  They had a lot more books of short stories than the other stores.  Which I love because you get to see your favorite authors outside of their usual series and try out  new authors at the same time.  I will definitely be back to see what's new.
4	What a bubbly sales staff here.  I am an avid reader don't get me wrong, but it seems like the staff at most of bookstores are so lifeless.  Not this place, I really felt welcomed.  The store reminds of a smaller Barnes and Nobles (as far as the setup goes). Not to mention they have great little note card suggestions under all of the employee favorites.  Honest too: "A perfect afternoon tale for a cup of tea (or a cocktail)!"  Wow, not holding anything back!  I like that.  There is a fun section for the kids with children's books and board games, so it's easy to browse without any distractions.  They have almost a whole row of books from the author Thich Nhat Hanh, my favorite Buddhist inspirational writer.  I am coming back in a couple of days (Sept. 13th) for Henry Bull, an African-American poet with a lot of soul.
4	I'm a pretty big book reader & love trying out new book stores, so Park Road Books was a welcome sight to see. This place is relatively large for a shopping center store & they have quite a good selection of books.Aisle upon aisle is filled with different genres, & while they may not have as big a selection as your chain bookstores, they still have quite a few books. I actually prefer bookstores like this, because every title is facing you on the shelves. You don't have to turn your head sideways to read every title like your big chain bookstores. So because they don't have such a huge selection, you can see every intriguing cover & easily find books you otherwise might have passed over. They also have a large children's section to keep the kiddies occupied while you go about your book finding.And one thing that really sets this place apart is the service. They allow you free reign to search for books without pestering you, but if you do need help they are very friendly & very knowledgeable. I saw 2 people approach the counter & ask about various authors/books, & both times the lady behind the counter knew the info right off the top of her head.Park Road Books really goes above & beyond your normal big chain bookstores. While it may not have as vast a selection, it makes up for this with its better browsing ability & excellent personal service. If you're an avid book fan & you're looking for a nice atmosphere to peruse, then this place won't disappoint.
4	I went in here when I had some time to kill while a watch was being fixed, and really liked it.  The layout was a little tough to figure out at first - hard to know if a book would be in new releases, fiction, bestsellers, etc.  but the staff is very helpful.  They also have great cards, journals and other gifts.  I love that they have a big jigsaw puzzle on a table with chairs around it if you want to sit down and work on it while someone else is shopping.
3	It's a great little bookstore! It's always a toss up...support non-chain and spend more or attend to my personal budget and get more for the buck at a chain? What is a girl to do?! Finding Park Road Books made for a good stop. The employees were friendly and we felt no pressure to buy anything. Stop by and browse and you may find something you didn't even know you were looking for, like me!
5	I love this little bookstore.  One of the few remaining independents in Charlotte.  Although the selection is limited (compared with Borders, etc.), the friendly and helpful staff will order and hold any book, and can usually get books in one or two days.  Moreover, it's a well-picked selection that seems to always have what I am looking for.  I have found that emailing this bookstore and having them hold books works more quickly and is generally easier than using Amazon.  Nice browsing selection if you don't know what you want, and the staff can be very helpful with recommendations if you tell them what else you like.  The location, in Park Road Shopping Center, near the corner of Park and Woodlawn, is convenient to virtually everywhere in the city.
4	So apparently Charlotte has a fledging literary scene.  Wouldn't have know it at Borders or B & N, but Park Road Books has a decent selection of local authors that are displayed prominently.  That's why this place is a keeper. I'm a bibliophile and thus feel obligated to enter all bookstores in town, but Park Road definitely hits the mark for finding a niche that the big chains can't touch.  Yes, the selection is limited.  But you will easily find titles on local history and culture without digging through umpteen million James Patterson books ( AHEM!!!!).  The staff, like other reviewers note, are very friendly.  They chat with customers and enjoy helping poor saps like me. If you're on a budget, they usually have carts of formerly leased books from public libraries for $3-$5.  These titles are usually last year's bestsellers that public libraries take out circulation once the demand decreases.  If you've got time to kill or money to blow, Park Road Books makes for a nice afternoon.
4	Great, independent bookstore! I ventured in here for the first time a few days ago and will definitely be back. It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice, small town feel to it. I love the handwritten recommendations from the staff on the books and the huge selection of planners, journals, notecards, etc. They host a number of authors doing discussions and signings from what I can see on their calendar (bummed I missed Chelsea Handler though) No, they don't have the selection of the huge bookstores or all the glitz and glitter but I feel a little better knowing that my money is going to the local economy to keep it running.
4	Surprised to find them open at 9:00am this morning!  Great selection, large for a small store!  Still able to compete with the Big-in-name stores.  This a Charming bookstore I'm so glad they are still in the game!  Extremely helpful and friendly staff!
4	I always used to say that Charlotte's best book store was Malaprop's (in Asheville) until I found this place.  I go to book stores looking mainly for entertaining fiction, and I usually don't have a particular book in mind when I go.  If I knew what I wanted I'd just click "buy" on Amazon, but Amazon can't do the most important thing that an indie bookstore does.  The great thing about indie bookstores is that they take on a personality.  The selection of books may not be large, but if the person who chooses the stock is sympatico then you will always be able to find something good there.  Such is the case with Park Road Books.  I even look up books on Amazon and buy them at Park Road because I don't want them to meet the sad fate of other indie bookstores.
4	Whoever said service with a smile is dead has obviously never been to Park Road Books. I've been here before, but since I pledged to shop local this year, I came here to get a book for my friend's daughter's birthday instead of ordering it from Amazon. They didn't have the book I wanted, but got it in stock for me in 2 days. That's fast enough for me, especially considering I first stopped in on a Sunday.When I arrived to pick it up, it had been mis-filed, but several friendly staff members jumped in and quickly located it. Cannot say enough nice things about the staff, they were as cheerful as could be and it was a pleasure to shop there. I didn't have time to browse the bargain book bins out front, but I will be back to give those a glance for myself.We are all on a budget these days, and it sure is tempting to go for the cheapest price available. However, my book only cost around $2 more than the price + shipping online, and that is a small price to pay for friendly service, not to mention keeping your money in the city. With all the author signings, cozy atmosphere, and convenient location in my favorite shopping center, I will definitely be returning.
4	Nice to see smaller family owned bookstores around still! This one definitely has that feel, the people working there bring their little dog in, super cute. We went in for children's reading and activity books and left with 4 for a hefty $63, but they do give you $5 off for every $100 you spend, so it was $58. Make sure they put you in their system. Friendly people and good seating area to lounge in in the back.
4	Great local bookstore in the Park Rd Shopping Plaza.   They have great side walk sales on sunny day, fun children's book area in the back, and nice sitting area to read a couple snippets.   Staff is friendly and they can order a book for you if one isn't available or instock yet.  Beware of the mystery aisle, someone got murder there (but who done it').
4	Great local bookstore with a big selection. If you're looking for books, journals or small gifts you should check here first. The staff is super helpful and have their own recommendation section for books. Great way to support local business!
5	For as many times I have been to Park Road Shopping Center, I don't think I ever came inside Park Road Books. I'm glad I took a stroll inside this weekend. I love book stores, I love it even more when it's local and not big box (which are all dying down anyhow). Before you enter the store, there're carts of used books on sale (think $4 for a hardback) on the sidewalk. At the entrance they post upcoming author/book signing events (unfortunately they tend to be mid-day on weekdays when most are at work). Once entered, the first few shelves have feature books (ex. they're offering a discount on the 1st shelf of NY Times Bestsellers). There is a small sitting area as well in the middle toward the back. It was a quick visit. I didn't get to browse long, but I was there long enough to see 2 new books I want to read. Stop by, buy a book, support a local bookstore!
1	NEVER USE THIS PLACE. DO NOT RECOMMEND. THEY DO NOT FOLLOW UP, ASSOCIATES ARE RUDE, AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL. HARD TO BELIEVE HOW THEY STAY IN BUSINESS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING ON BOOKS FOR ALMOST TWO WEEKS AND WAS TOLD THEY WOULD ARRIVE IN TWO DAYS. DUE TO THEIR INCOMPETENCE I AM NOW HAVING TO DROP A CLASS.I am very upset and disappointed with the service that I have received. I was told by Frank the order would be placed on 8/27 and the order would arrive on 8/29.  Now, almost two weeks later, my order still has not arrived. And the order was placed on 8/28 instead of 8/27.  I have had to call every day to check on status, no one until today, after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that, I would have used another company to receive my books on time. Now, I do not have time to obtain the books from any other source before Monday.  This has been a major inconvenience for me and I will know not to use your business in the future.
4	Last independent book store in town, one that needs community support to compete against big box/online and stay i business. The staff is fantastic- they work here because they love books, not because it's any old job. They have good recommendations, love to talk about authors and are passionate about where they work. My only knock is the store is much smaller than Barnes & Noble, et al, so the selection is limited, and it can take a while for them to get books that need to be special ordered. Amazon is easier. Barnes & Noble is too. But this store is a gem that deserves our patronage, and if you are willing to be patient to get all the books you want, you'll be happy you are a customer there, supporting Charlotte and our dwindling supply of small, locally owned businesses.
