5	I searched for reasons to give this gym 4 stars (I've been handing out too many 5-star ratings recently), but ultimately couldn't come up with anything. I very much like the 24-hour availability, ease of access, size, etc. Staff has been helpful, were more than willing to sell me a monthly membership since I couldn't commit for longer. I don't use the personal trainer service, but others who do seem to be pretty content. Don't know if it's because this is a new facility, but it's never been very crowded here even when I've visited around a usual peak time (4-5 pm). Good selection of cardiovascular and weight equipment. You'll find more at one of the big places like Princeton Club, but they definitely have all the essentials here as well as plenty of space for stretching, Pilates workouts, etc. Don't know about fitness classes. No locker room, but there are several large bathrooms with showers included. Basically, everything that I personally could ask for in a club, at a very good price.
5	Membership at North Madison Anytime Fitness has been one of the best investments I've made over the last several years.  Not only is the club extremely clean and conveniently located, the equipment is top notch and always in working order.  Additionally, the staff goes out of their way to know the members and help them meet their fitness goals.  I joined 21 months ago and will be renewing my membership this week for another year and half.  In those 21 months, I've nearly met my significant weight loss goals and have learned how to lead a healthy lifestyle.  I could not have done that without the support of the Anytime Fitness crew!
4	This is really a great, basic gym.  The trainers who work there are extremely helpful, even though I can't afford them :(  Charles is especially awesome!  When you go right after rush hour, it can be sort of packed, but that's probably most gyms anyway.  I wish it offered classes or a pool, but that's really not the sort of gym that Anytime fitness is anyway.  It's just convenient, clean, and helpful!
4	Ladies leave your heels at homeThe club is full of sneakers and you're trying to get tonedAnd all you fellas leave the gamers with friendsCuz it's five thirty and the club is jumpin' jumpin'No. Don't ask me to sing it.  Fine.  Maybe later.Working out has been pretty easy at this Anytime Fitness location. Parking is always available as are most machines.  I do tend to come at prime time (5pm) and the cardio machines can fill up. (I thought all the New Years resolution people had given up on the gym by now?!  Apparently not.)   Every now and again someone will have to wait a few minutes for a treadmill, but usually something opens up within a reasonable amount of time.  The gym is clean and the staff is friendly but not pushy (which I appreciate). My only beef is that there are only two changing rooms and two bathrooms so there are occasions when all are full so you have to wait to change into gym clothes or to freshen up before you leave.  Besides this occasional ding on my patience, things have gone quite well for me here.  Location was the main factor that drew me in but the secondary factor was the fact that Princeton Club wanted the full annual membership paid in full up front (or you could pay more to pay month by month, I think), Anytime Fitness was just a flat rate month by month.  If you were to change jobs and move, PC also had a huge cancellation fee and AF did not.  Sold!
5	I've been to a handful of Anytime Fitness locations, and this is the best one yet.*Good wireless internet connection (go during business hours to get the password, or maybe they'll post it somewhere). *Friendly staff. Always smiling and I see them helping folks out with equipment all the time, which differs from some locations where the staff is mostly in the office and ignoring the clients. (One staff or trainer, not sure, did randomly tell me there were lighter barbells available when I was getting prepped to start lifting...which is annoying, I have boobs, but I can handle 45 pounds, thanks. It's normal but irritating, I expect it from ignorant gym members, not from staff/trainers.)Also, I thought I'd lost my water bottle there, and Matt helped me do a quick search, though about five minutes later I found it in my car. I appreciate the general willingness to be helpful. *Great guest policy. A friend was in town for a couple of nights and he was able to work out. Some franchises don't allow this, or make it kinda pricey, not here.*Clean, they are always vacuuming which is a touch annoying but totally necessary given all the salt from winter shoes. The gym smell is unnoticeable which is impressive, usually gyms have some odor, either 'good' (covering up) or bad (BO). This place is just nada...which is great.*Tanning available, changing rooms, showers and bathrooms. Bathrooms aren't always super clean, I'd give them 4/5, but it's been busy there so it's understandable.*Good amount of cardio machines, I had to wait for a bit once, but I use random things and mostly everything is always available.*Two racks for lifting (usually no wait), one smith machine, basic circuit stuff available and dumbbells. *Only two TRX bands! Thank you!!!! Other AF I've been to, it's like every single post in the gym has a TRX band attached to it and seriously only one person is using them at any given time. This location is definitely more crowded than other AF I've been to, but that could be due to the dates (I'm in town over winter break/New Years). I love the AF by my home, but this one has been a lovely experience for me while in Madison. Thanks!
5	New location is so much bigger!! Great addition! Plenty of room for everyone, especially at peak hours! There is a variety of cardio equipment (including an erg, aka, rowing machine!!), and at this point, brand new. There is a decent selection of machines and a new lat pull down machine, which I was excited about. I have not tried the classes on demand yet but I heard it was pretty good. The staff is really responsive to client input and willing to help out. They will provide ideas for workouts and recipes. Everything is really clean as well. Does not even smell like a gym! Lots of room in the changing rooms, which may not be needed but a plus none the less. Water fountain is also pretty nice..it's pretty sad when I'm excited about a water fountain but this would be one place you don't take advantage of the water...
