5	I have to say the most annoying person on TV right now is Flo. You know that perky bitch pitching for Progressive insurance. UGH! I just want to smash her face in because her voice is like chewing on aluminum foil while scraping your nails on a chalkboard. That said, I almost want to get rear ended again. Get your mind out of the gutter folks. I was stopped at a red light recently when the man behind me decided to go and ran his Mercedes right into me.Within ten days, Hamilton, my now buddy at Progressive, came to my house and cut me two checks for damages to my car and damages to my back. If I wasn't so happy with my little gecko insurer I would consider Progressive. Course they'd need to dump Flo. Dump Flo? Ewww...that sounds gross...
2	Progressive is terrible.  There I said it, now let me tell you how and why I came to that conclusion.  My vehicle was rear ended recently.  Their client was clearly at fault and they advised me they would be liable.  I gave them a chance to repair the vehicle and when the estimate for repairs came back to me, they tried to claim that my trunk deck lid (which was bent from the impact) was like that from the factory.  What???  My car had 4,000 miles on it, and had no defects such as my trunk lid being folded upwards (gee maybe the rear impact did that??)Anyways, they like to argue self-righteously and have a bunch on young, ignorant, and super-sassy young ladies (?) that work for them at the "service center".  These ladies do not seem like the type to appreciate a nice vehicle.  So, if you actually want the work done right - take your car to your own shop to be repaired.  Do NOT believe the stuff in the Progressive marketing machine when they say "Drop your car off - and leave the rest to us!".  It's a scam.
1	Progressive insurance does not pay their claims.  I was rear ended by a Progressive insured driver.  I was told by a Progressive agent to get an estimate - which they OK'd - took the car in for the repair when they told me to and then refused to pay.  They are no better than the other company that advertises "We keep you legal for less."  What that means is that you pay the low premiums and they refuse to pay claims!  They are not even within the Insurance Consortium.  Beware!
2	I have to say that I'm underwhelmed with the level of Customer Service I received from Progressive.  So much so, that I'm going to USAA now that my claim is over.  I filed a claim and my car was not looked at for almost an entire week.  (Concierge Claims Service?) Then, the shop that was repairing my vehicle had to call for a "supplemental" issue.  You guessed it... 4 more days before I even got a call.  Incidentally, the DID cover my issue and they did pay promptly.  If I'm paying a premium fee, I expect to be treated much much better.  The USAA insurance rate was SIGNIFICANTLY less.
1	I have been with Progressive for almost 5 years.  I recently canceled a policy due to the selling of a vehicle, and they sent me a bill for $31 for canceling the policy.  They told me that it was a law by Arizona.  I also see several people complaining about them in regards to them not being responsive to claims that are filled.  Fortunately I haven't had to file a claim with them yet, but I may think about switching.  Although, I would get charged $60 to cancel my other two policies.  I asked the lady if that was their way of kicking a customer in the butt on the way out and she said "well, no".What a joke!
