4	Great pizza and wings nice inside and clean
5	Some of the better pizza I've had. Top 5 for sure. It's a little slow but good priced and worth.  They have some amazing garlic bread ball things you can get before the mean (or anytime I guess) and one time they hooked us up with some free dessert because the food took so long to come out.  So here is the just of it - they had some service issues, but the food and how they tried to take care of us made up for it!  Will (and have gone back) to this place again!
4	The meat lovers pizza is a solid choice; fairly topped and not too greasy.  But what I LOVE at this place are the Hell's Kitchen Buffalo Wings.  These things are NO JOKE and you need to be able to handle some serious heat if you're going to try these things.  These are burn-your-lips-off deliciousness!  I subconsciously breathed through my mouth in an attempt to cool it down and my dragon fire breath burned my husband's eyes.  Try them... if you can handle it!
4	My family and I went in to NYPD on a Thursday afternoon. Not many people occupied the tables, so were were seated quickly. The hostess was gracious as she handed us our menus. We hadn't been sitting long when our waitress came to order drinks. She was courteous and patient as we asked her opinion on different pizzas. We decided on the sausage, pineapple, and onion pizza and honey barbeque wings. Within 20 minutes, our food was brought out. The pizza was fantastic, however the wings.... the wings were a different story. They were dry and tasteless, with not enough sauce. Deemed a waste of money, the wings were left on the table as we left. Overall, service was good, pizza was good, but wings won't be tried again.
4	One of the first places I have eaten since moving to AZ, pretty good.  We had a large gathering of family, and the place was fairly busy at first, but they worked with us to get everyone seated, make sure they had drink orders, then time for everyone to make up their mind.  For what I could tell, everyone enjoyed their food, especially the cheesy garlic knots...tasty... We had Da Works pizza, it was good, not the best pizza I have had, but certainly far from the worst.  Really, the only thing was it was a little light on amount of toppings, and wasnt hot, only warm,  but with that many people, I cant really complain.
4	I love this place. I have been to 5 or 6 all across the valley and have never been disappointed. Some of the best New York style pizza in town. Lunches are very reasonable. Can get pizza by the slice or order a whole pizza also. Also some good salads... I like the Greek with balsamic vinegar.. Lunch prices are great. Pizza and Salad for $6.00 plus cost of a drink. Better than any fast food. Can take out or eat in... Want a dessert, try the cooking and ice cream options. If you have room after your pizza. Would make this my regular pizza place if I had one closer to house.. Need a lunch place. Want a slice and drink.. Give it a try. Don't think they will disappointed.
4	Great food worth the wait. The menu even tells you what items will take longer so no surprises. It just gives you more time to eat some cheesy garlic knots. Yummy.
4	Great pizza! I normally travel all the way out to Coolidge for authentic New York style pizza. NYPD will not replace it, but it certainly will be a regular stop for me.
4	I really like the pizza here plus they have a great menu full of salads, calzones and other goodies. I have never been disappointed in anything I have ordered. One time they didn't have something I wanted on the menu so at the end of our meal they surprised my family with a free dessert which was amazingly good.
5	Went in for dinner and it was delish and service was great.  Beers were cold too!Ordered honey BBQ and medium wings for an app.  Wings are very meaty, flavorful and taste fresh.Dinner was a 14" pepperoni and sausage pizza.  Cooked perfect and hot out of the oven.  Our server was Tammy and she was great.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Have to say for pizza, this was the best I've had other than actually being in NYC. Went last week for dinner. The restaurant is small, so it always seems to be packed and at least a 10 minute wait. We even got there later, like 7pm. Would have checked in through Yelp but there is no wifi. Service was a little slow, but it's a busy place. Worth the wait though, pizza was excellent. Best mozzarella I've ever had on pizza.
4	Come here for the pizza... or the cheesy garlic knots... hmmm...In all honesty... come for the cheesy garlic knots!!! I've never been disappointed and neither has any of my guests.But really, the pizza is good too! I just happen to be so sidetracked by the cheesy garlic knots half the time that I have no room for the pizza! :(
3	This was my first time here and I enjoyed the pizza and appetizers. The Caprese Bruchetta was very good, and my friend got a Calzone that was the size of a football. The waiter was new but extremely friendly as were all of the wait staff that were around that we talked to since the place was not very busy.This is good man food.
5	Pizza & Hot Wings are EXCELLENT! Great service & friendly staff. Started going to this location because the one on Warner Ave & Gilbert Rd. went to hell on the food & service....worth driving the extra mile : )
3	I used to love this place. About a year ago I ordered delivery and they lost our order it took over two hours. We hadn't been back until today. I just didn't want Rosati's again we get it almost every Friday. Just burned out. So I thought small pizzas and the beef salad. I go online and they don't have the beef salad anymore! So sad. The menu has changed a lot. So I ordered a 14 inch cheese/pepperoni for the boys and Da Works 14 inch. They said it would take 1 hr 15 minutes to deliver or 40 to pick up. I said deliver it's a wash with the drive. They made it in 1 hour 30 minutes much better than last time. But the pizza just wasn't good. The crust wasn't crisp like it used to be and the toppings were bare. Maybe one thin piece of sausage on each slice. Crust was flavorless. The price was way cheaper than Rosati's about $34 for the two pies but you get what you pay for.
4	I've never been to NYC, but supposedly this is NY-style pizza.  Whatever.  It's very good.  They are probably the best pizza chain around.  Very flavorful pizza.  Tonight we had "free slice" coupons.  Not sure where they got the slices (i.e. where's the rest of the pizza?!!).  But they were fresh, hot and good.We did take out tonight, though we have eaten in before.  In the past we haven't cared for their non-pizza dishes, but we didn't have that tonight so I won't comment this time.  You can't go wrong with the pizza, though!
4	Yes, we went back!  My previous review of their pizza still holds.  It's the best around that we've found so far.Today I also had the soup.  Chicken and cheese tortellini.  It was very good.  Not spectacular, but very good.  Served with three garlic knots, which also were very good.  I'd give the soup and knots 3 stars, but the pizza remains a solid 4 stars.
3	This place was really good but it didn't amaze me or anything. The pizza was good but pizza is always good to me. You definitely get what you pay for though! I ate four garlic knots, only one piece of pizza and a cannoli and I was crazy full!
5	Now this is a cool joint! Subway tiles, NY signs, plaid table covers,and swingin old music! The food is delicious! From the salads to the thin slice pizza it does not dissapoint!The staff was young but super attentive.  We wish we had a place like this in California.
4	Best pizza on the planet! By far !!! So amazing and delicious. Cannot get enough. Wait staff iffy, sometimes good... Sometimes not so much.Update~ This particular place has now gone out of business. So sad. Not sure since the food was so amaze, but maybe the waitstaff did them in.
4	Tonight was our first trip to NYPD Pizza and it was very enjoyable. My wife and I ordered a 14" pepperoni and artichoke heart pizza with hand tossed crust. We also went with cheesy garlic knots as an appetizer. The garlic knots were were a doughy texture with good flavor, served with marinara dipping sauce, and my wife absolutely loved them. The pizza had that New York floppy crust that you need to fold over to eat. The sauce was mildly seasoned with a strong tomato flavor, and the amount of cheese was generous, no need to pay for extra unless you're just cheese crazy. It looked and tasted very fresh, not at all greasy. The employees were very friendly, helpful, and quick. Despite the restaurant being almost full, we were in and out in just over 30 minutes. Our bill with 2 sodas and tax was $27, very reasonable for the amount of food we had. We enjoyed the food and laid back atmosphere and will be back again soon.
4	Great pizza, awesome crust, great toppings and awesome salads here. We make a point of coming here when in town, and love it. They get super busy on weekends thouh, so keep that in mind. Last Friday, there was a line out the door. Good stuff!!
1	went there for lunch and had great service and good chelsea salad and so so minestrone soup.  garlic knots baked to perfection with tons of flavor and a nice crisp on the bottom.  so, i bragged it up to my family and took eight of us there for dinner on friday night!  mistake number 1 !  15 minutes for drink order,  ordered the same thing i had for lunch the day before and while the salad was good the soup was warm and garlic bread was a dough ball with no garlic slurry or crisp bottom.  complained to manager and she was full of excuses of the oven not being reliable!  slice of pizza was doughy!  antipasto salad had no toppings on it!  really?  11 people supposedly working with 8 customers and could never get their attention!  what an embarrassment!  new york would evict this pretender!someone call the  real nypd and arrest them!
3	No margaritas. Just beer and wine :-/ what's a girl to do. Indulge in some dessert maybe :)
4	My family has always liked NYPD Pizza and this location in Gilbert near the San Tan mall is a good spot.The restaurant itself gets VERY busy on the weekends so we tend to call our order in an pick it up instead of waiting in line for a table, but during the week it's easy enough to get a seat quickly.  The service in the restaurant when we do dine in has always been fine, never over the top amazing, but good enough.  It's exactly what I would expect from this type of restaurant.We usually start by ordering the cheesy garlic knots (whether we're dining in or picking up) because they are amazing.  My 18 month old son also loves them (he loves anything that is made of bread) and it's a nice way to keep him occupied while we wait for our pizza to come out.Pizzas generally take 15 to 20 minutes to come out which is what I would expect and they always taste good.  I really like the sliced sausage they have available instead of the crumbled sausage.  Sliced sausage is flat and more similar in size to pepperoni... only, a little bit longer and not quite as round.My wife's grand mother always orders the spaghetti and meatballs which she loves and ends up taking the left overs home for lunch the next day.Overall, NYPD Pizza is a nice place to go if you're looking for a family friendly atmosphere with a very understandable and approachable menu.
5	If you are looking from some really good pizza, NYPD is by far the best!!  I am never disappointed with their pizza.  They Deliver, so give them a shot the next time you are in the mood for some pizza.
5	We have been here twice now and had great service and food each time!  Also LOVING the Veganizza! So wonderful to have a restaurant nearby that caters to my dietary "differences"
5	I love pizza and this is one of the best pizza joints in AZ. The sauce is amazing. I've never had a bad pizza there. The garlic knots are cheap and are a great appetizer.
3	Picked up a couple of pizzas, Greek salad, and a piece of chocolate cake.  The salad and cake were very good.  One pizza had sausage, olives, mushrooms, and basil.  They charged two bucks for fresh basil and what a joke.  They didn't put fresh basil on it but instead sprinkled dry basil from a spice jar.  Very little of it too boot.  Seriously, go to Trader Joe's and see what fresh basil looks like.  Hardly any mushrooms.  Sausage was good.  Mainly, the crust is super soggy.  The other pizza was Joey's Favorite and it also was super soggy.  The website said something about ordering pizza extra crispy.  Will do that next time but they need to just bake it a little more so it's minimally soggy.  My opinion.  Won't rush back but will give it another chance.
4	I've loved NYPD for years. The ranch there is my #1 favorite ranch and I'm not one of those people that eats ranch on everything.  I'm partial to the calzones because I love ricotta cheese.  I really love that they now have the smaller portioned ones, which are still large but not nearly as mammoth as the regular sized ones. The garlic knots are phenomonal, I recommend you try them if it's your first time.  I like the pizza as well.  I find the pizza to be better the second day when you re-heat it in the oven but I like a crispier crust, so that's probably why. I also think it's cool that they serve Phoenix Brewery beer, it's cool to see businesses support each other.
2	Ordered pizza for the first time here for delivery.  Got a Margherita.  It was ok.  A little too much crust with not a lot of flavor.  When delivered it was not hot so must have been sitting for awhile....
1	My friend LOVES this place, but I really don't get what makes it so special... cheesy garlic knots weren't good, pizza was over priced and the service was so so. I won't go again.
5	My family and I have been dining here since it opened, and eat there weekly. Love their pizza's, the sauce is great. Try the Sicilian pizza with salami and onion, mushroom or black olives - fantastic! Their dessert Zeppolis are wonderful, I favor the caramel sauce while the rest of my family prefers the raspberry. Antipasto salad is great but sometimes needs extra dressing which the server is more than happy to get for you.The managers and staff are very friendly and attentive, always willing to get you whatever you need. On the weekends if you arrive after 5:30 you're in for a wait. The parking lot is usually packed so park across the lot by Jo-Ann's instead of playing musical cars.
5	My family's fave restaurant to sit down and eat in! The food is great, we ask for extra thin extra cheese pepperoni pizza and its cooked to perfection every time! Cheesy garlic knots are a must try and the servers are always friendly and knowledgeable with what's on the menu!Restaurant is clean and has a cool NY feel to it even here in the desert. My daughters love the pizza bites and they get a dessert with it as well! All smiles from my family at this spot!Parking ia good, when they get busy you might have to wait a while but trust me it's worth it! :0)
5	NYPD has my favorite pizza out there. It is a little pricey but so is most other places. It is totally worth it. Always make sure you get garlic knots. They are cheap and filling. They come with marinara to dip in that is sweet and tastes amazing. The calzones here are very big and tasty as well. I highly recommend their food. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. They have good dessert choices as well.  The restaurant is clean.
3	We've been here many times before and the food is always excellent. However, tonight the service was very slow. It took an hour for the food to come out, with no word from the waiter until about 5 minutes before the pizza came out. We did get seated right away, but after us, there was no hostess and there was a backup of people waiting to be seated. The restaurant wasn't even that busy. Assuming they were short staffed. Overall, food was awesome--the service not so much.
3	My husband and I swung by tonight for a fast dinner. I'd been hearing great things about it for so long and was very interested in checking it out, being new to Arizona and all.Pros: Creative, relaxed, and festive atmosphere. Fun music, nothing overwhelming. Just how I like my restaurants. Not too busy around dinner. Our service was EXCEPTIONAL. Lindsay was charming, patient, and informative. Multiple servers stopped by our table to check on us. When my husband expressed his disappointment, our server gave us a free dessert for zappolis--MMMMMMM!Cons: Garlic Knots weren't garlicky or cheesy or buttery or salty or anything. Perhaps they were knotty? Barbecue chicken pizza was ok--super hot in some places and lukewarm in others, with fresh shredded cilantro and bland chicken pieces. The sicilian pizza crust is flavorful, but tough.Summary: We'd like to give it another shot. Perhaps we just need to get another type of pizza. The others looked deeelicious, and I'm sure we'll be back.
5	Garlic knots... Need I say more?! Not only are their pizza and salads amazing but they have the best garlic knots I've ever had! Even if you just go in there for dessert, it doesn't get much better than the Zeppolis! The prices are great - and you can get a single slice of pizza or a whole pizza, this place is 10 times better than Domino's, Pizza Hut or any other delivery pizza place! Get the garlic knots, i'm not sure if I forgot to mention it, but they're amazing!
2	So, this review is more based off of the service, not the food. We walked in on a Saturday night after a full day of moving, ready to eat some pizza. It was busy, but not packed. I told the young lady how many and she said 25-30 mins. I then rudely blurted out, "that's dumb". It was the exhaustion, my apologize. However, it seemed to catch her off guard, and it worked. The 30 mins quickly turned into 5. There were empty tables for pete sake! Once seated we were greeted by a friendly waiter. He was very nice, but I think he came by maybe 2 times after taking our order. They brought out pizza with no plates. I had to ask 3 different servers for things. The manager finally came by to clear off our table and offer us our check. So, food was good. Service sucked.
1	I moved to the Phoenix area a month ago.  Tonight was the second night I ordered pizza and appetizers for delivery.  The first night it took an hour and fifteen minutes to receive my order.  The food was good and everyone has a bad night every once in a while.  Tonight it took an hour and forty minutes to get my order.  AND EVERYTHING WAS COLD!  My pizza looked terrible too, like it was tossed around.  Time to try some place else.
5	First off, the pizza was FABULOUS!!! Second, our super sweet cashier Ariam was such a doll and had EXCELLENT customer service!! Yay her(: we will deff be back and would totally recommend this location to others!!!
4	Hands down the best pizza!Great place to just hang with friends and have great pizza and beer.
5	When I can't make my own, I order in from them. We are used to good pizza. We moved here from NYC, and have lived in Chicago and New Haven CT. The pizza here is as good as you'd get in any of those places, and the sides (like wings and salad) have been good every time we've ordered. I haven't eaten in the restaurant yet, but I have picked up the pies on my way home, and the place seems nice enough.We've tried a few other places here in the valley, and were disappointed in some way by each of them. If you want a good pie, you can't go wrong here.
5	Love everything about this place. The location, the staff, the bread knots, any pizza or pasta dish you get from here is AMAZING!! Been eating here since it opened. The only improvement I would suggest is to bring back the calamari!!
3	The service was good, the waitress was friendly n didn't over bother us but the food was ABC 123 it was plain as can be to me sadly...... So I'll try again cus my partner claims it's native New Yorker...... Even though I would beg to differ
5	I've been eating as one or another branch of NYPD since we moved to the Valley 13 years ago. Funny thing, there's an NYPD Pizza on Long Island where I ate whenever I was in the neighborhood, before I moved here. I hoped that these two were related. I still don't know if they are, but they're both great.Tonight, 7/10/14, we went with a Groupon to NYPD for dinner. Our server was Lourdes. She greeted us with a big smile and asked us if we knew what we wanted to drink. Our beers were there in a New York minute. I had the Strawberry Fields Salad, besides strawberries it had apples, almonds and blue cheese in a light vinaigrette over mixed greens. It was delicious. I didn't leave a leaf or crumb of blue cheese.We can never decide on pizza together so we always get a large and go 1/2 & 1/2. My half had the Bianco with Spinach, hubby's had meatballs & olives. I think he adds olives so I won't sneak in and eat his share after we're home. We had 3 slices out of the pie and hubby was trying to cut another slice for me, when the pizza pan tipped over and went SPLAT on the floor.  A lovely young woman, who I think was the manager, was there in seconds picking up the mess. She offered a new pizza in 8 minutes. No problem. About 10 minutes later a new pie showed up and I had my second slice. We finished eating, paid and left. Not only was the food good, but the service was outstanding. Offering us a new pizza was very kind and we appreciate it. Your food and service has won our loyalty. Thank you all at NYPD very much.
4	GARLIC KNOTS. You must order them.Usually has a 15-30 minute wait on Fri/Sat night. We usually try to go for lunch, less crowded, same great pizza still offered. There are a few tv's in the bar that will have on a game, don't count on seeing the tv's from all seats in the dining area however. There's a patio but we rarely see people sitting there, maybe its just too hot. They do deliver, but then you miss out on the fun atmosphere and neat NYC inspired decor.
2	So please bare with me as I write this review. I literally just signed up so I can talk about this place, as well as others. Like Matthew G's review, this too is based off of the service.So it's a Sunday night, and a friend of mine was feeling like Italian so we decided to try this place out. We walked in and there were quite a few people, it wasn't too overly crowded. There was no hostess so the waitress told us that she would get to us asap. Well, she forgot about us and another waiter sat a group of 3 before us. So that waiter sat us right away. Now all I ordered was a pepsi and my friend ordered a house salad with spaghetti with meatballs. The place did get busy, but again, not too extreme. After about 40 minutes of waiting, we decided to leave. I'm sure the food is outstanding, but then again, we never got it. So we decided to get up and leave and head down to Venezias, which is on Cooper and Ray. We ordered the exact same thing, and her salad came out in 5 minutes, and dinner out in 10 minutes still piping hot. As far as the service goes, I don't recommend going, but I would definitely love to try the food, IF I wanted to wait for almost an hour. Better off going to Venezias.
2	Really, 4 stars? Hmmmm. Me and my wife came in for lunch at 1pm. We were seated and finally got service after 30 min of us drinking our beer. Food finally came after over an hour and this is supposed to be Food In A New York Minute?  Stay away from this place if your looking for a quick lunch.Scratching my head?So I emailed the manager back yesterday after his quick response and still have not heard back.
4	Ordered a calzone which was really good. Takes about 20-30 min even if you're the only one there because that is baking time so don't be in a hurry.  Kind of expensive for pizza but, whatever, it's something different than the usual. Servers are nice.
4	Good pizza.  Been here a couple times when it was quiet, service was great. Had a few pies delivered too.  Not out of this world good, but consistently good pizza.
1	This is a tough one anti pasta salad was fair at best! Calzone is Hugh but was cold in center after 30 min wait. Service was not there; waiter walked by us so many times that I lost count and I still needed a refill. It wasn't him that got the refills for us. Not bad food not the best, it's the service that really hurts here!! Maybe some one would want to work a split shift. Just not a good experience. I love to tip good service this was zero service and only will return if someone just has to visit! I've been here probably five times and service has always been a notable issue! Waiter paid a ton of attention to a couple sitting at the bar! Probably not their desired outcome for our visit but it is that. I did speak with a manager and addressed my observations and concerns! Good luck give it a shot!!
1	So first the lady on the phone read my order back completely wrong. I corrected her twice and when I arrived in 30 min to pick them up I had to wait another 10. The order was still in correct and nothing was offered in return. I love NYPD but not this one and I advise to go to another location.
5	This place is so good and a relief from your average dominos or Pizza Hut!! Great service and friendly staff. Thanks for the yummy pizza!!!!
5	Absolutely Amazing! Such a gem! Being a NY native is place warmed my heart. I had a good feeling when I walked and looked at the menu! When they offer blue cheese before ranch it's defiantly NY! And to all the people talking about the service. It was good service, and the staff is 100% transparent with you as far as wait time goes. You had the option to leave and you chose to stay! So don't rate them poorly for your choice to wait. My only recommendation is they expand to a larger location and hire more staff! You could really tell everyone was working extremely hard and more staff could help the environment! Garlic Knots are a must have! Perfect amount of garlic and butter! Marinara sauce was fresh and home made. Boneless wings were yummy! Love the sauce! Perfect, not too mild not too hot! And they were smothered in sauce! Just the way I love them! (It's a NY thing) The pasta was good, loved the marinara sauce and they cook the pasta in sugar water, the old fashion Italian way! (At least it tasted like it) NY CHEESECAKE was the best I've had on the west coast !
1	I loved this place so much I wanted it again. I ordered for take out. How difficult is it to read a order? I added blue cheese and I PAID FOR it and they gave me marinara sauce with hot wings? What idiot thinks marinara goes good with hot wings? Garlic knots were not the same I ate 3 days ago, pizza was a little soggy. Husband liked his chicken parm sandwich so you can have a star for that.I also loved this place because of how saucy the wings were, so in the comment section ordering online I put in extra wing sauce. What did I get? Barely coated, dry wings. How can a place so delicious and perfect 2 days ago go from 5 to 1 stars? I felt like I ordered from a completely different restaurant.
2	We love NYPD the pizza is awesome! Although we were very disappointed with our waitress this evening. She was slow on filling drinks, asking if we needed anything, when I would ask for things it seemed as if she was annoyed.. Our pasta took 40 min to come out! When I mentioned it taking to long she replied with "well he gave you some extra pasta so yeah.." Umm I didn't ask for extra I was just curious why it took so long!! After dropping off our bill she took 20 min to come pick it up! It was SLOW we were her only table. The worst part was we could see her standing in the back talking.. I had to ask other servers who were cleaning to get her for us..smh
3	Place just isn't on top of it as it was in the early days. Just ordered for delivery and they claimed 45 minutes and it was an hour and 15. I live about 3.0 miles from the store. Dude didn't say anything about it being late. They forgot my blue cheese for my wings and the pizza has very little sauce and is undercooked. Again, this place used to be can't miss, but the last couple of years has just lost their mojo. For $20+ for a pie it's time to go to Grimaldis for better quality and consistency.
4	If you come here, you MUST ORDER garlic knots. Those things are amazingly delicious. We went for lunch and it was super fast, had a group of 4 and everything went smoothly. Our server was super nice and efficient. We ordered the ham/pineapple and it was delicious. I wish there were more of this place around Arizona. We were in and out in half an hour. This place is awesome.
