5	The attendant, Donny, was super nice and attentive. The place is spotlessly clean with very well maintained machines. Three big screen TV's give you something to watch while you fold and free wifi!This is easily one of the nicest laundromats I've ever used. The neighborhood is a little dicey, with a head shop on one side and a tattoo parlor on the other but it seemed quiet enough on the night I was there. Going to the laundromat sucks but, if you have to do it, this is a good one.
1	DO NOT USE FOR FLUFF AND FOLD!The first few times I went it was good.  They were nice attentive and helpful.  Then it slid downhill.  First one of the girls said she wasn't going to fold my shirts...  What?!?  Then when I got my laundry back half of it was inside out.  Then tonight I went, unloaded my 70 pounds of laundry for fluff and fold and went inside.  I called the number like I've done before...The guy answered the phone and told me that he wasn't at that location and that I needed to pack it up and drive it down a few blocks to their other location...  Excuse me?  I think not.  I just unloaded it all and now they want me to load it back up, drive it down to another place farther away and unload it again?  I think I'll take my 100 bucks somewhere else.
3	I used to like this place, but the place is not the problem. The problem is the location. I am reading here about people wanting someone else to fold your laundry? What kind of lazy ass person has time to drive your ass to the Laundromat and wash your clothes then you dont want to fold it? You know your there the SAME amount of time either way right? Thats unless your stupid enough to leave your belongings in the risk of getting it stolen, or miss handled.   Society in Las Vegas... stop being such a lazy ass bunch of losers. That fluff and fold should be a maybe they will maybe they wont. People dont have time to do things that YOU should be doing for yourself. If you want someone to fold your clothing go hire a kid from your neighborhood or some shit. They aren't there to be your slaves for a couple of hours. Anyway this fluff and load B.S. is the first time I ever heard of a service because I do things myself. Do I ask someone to load my gas for me while I'm at the pump? No. Lazy fuckers.  ANYWAY. Yeah the place is real clean, the attendant is nice. Place has good vending machines bathrooms are nice, they have TVS; the place is affordable. Even the parking slides. My only problem with this place is like I said the location and especially the other business near by that just plummet the business at this place. Every time I have gone there is always some type of problem have to deal with the shady ass people around the area. First time I went there was these two guys just hanging out outside the smoke shop next door. Just checking out woman passing by even school girls. Fucking disgusting.   Then one of them went inside and asked me for change. The fuck for you know? Of course I had to give this scum bag some change. But no way did I give him my quarters for drying. Then his buddy comes in and checks out this woman there. In my head I'm like, "Please dont say shit lady, or guy. Don't start trouble." But he did say something I dont know exactly what because I was taking my clothes out. I heard something like, "Her face is okay but her body is good." Something like that.  Thank god she didn't say shit, but... who the fuck goes to a location like that dressed with sweats where you can see your curves. Who the hell is going to defend you , if you are by yourself? The clerk? What is hes not there? Anyway I scooted myself closed to her just in case they came back. Because I was the only male there. So I am justified to defend her. Luckily they never walked back in. This time, today, some scum bag looked at me, "funny" cause he thought I almost hit his piece of shit car parking. But thats it.   But no more I have had it with the trash that surrounds this location. Good people go there to use it and the trash in the area ruin it for everyone. Bad enough a woman was murdered behind the alley of the laundromat. Poor woman was going to through the trash for cans to sell to pay her bills. So sad when I heard that today. Anyway if this place would take out the 24hr bar at the corner, the smoke shop, the tattoo place and that barber shop it would be WAY better. Then the bad people would only go towards the game shop, which I have no clue as to why you would jeopardize your business with a high theft rate locations and the Liquor market at the corner of Dessert Inn & Nellis.   Most of the people just standing around doing nothing are at the barber shop and the smoke shop. Just dont come here. If You have to. Try the evening like 12pm to maybe 4ish. Once it gets dark WATCH OUT.
