4	It's a Best Western, but among Best Westerns, it's a nice one.  Friendly staff, good pool and exercise facilities.
3	Hotel itself is fine and is located conveniently for swim meets at the Madison U pool on Observatory Drive but the restaurant is terrible thats on the premises. We waited for an hour for breakfast and even coffee/drinks took that long. Besides the restaurant, it's your average cheap hotel. The swimming pool on the hotel isn't for lappers, it's more of a kids pool.
4	The hotel is nothing spectacular and amazing. But I recommend it nonetheless. The prices were reasonable considering it's relatively close to both downtown and the airport. They have a free shuttle that can provide transport to downtown, airport, and the university. The food in the restaurant is nothing fancy. However, the service was awesome. Every single person who dealt with me was super great. I especially appreciated when I rolled in at about 9 am after a long-ass red eye and the staff totally let me check in early, FOR FREE. Assholier hotels would've charged a half night's rate for that. Even more awesome? When I just wanted a ride to anywhere downtown so I could waste some time before my departing flight, the driver said she knew just the place I should go...one of the UWisc buildings with a Peet's Coffee (East Bay! What what!) and lake-side seating. That, my friends, is how friendly service in the Midwest rolls.
4	This is my second trip to Madison and this hotel is the better of th two stays. We got this hotel on priceline pretty chep. The lobby looks great. The rooms are a little out dated. , but so was the last hotel we were at in Madison. All in all not bad.
4	Is this a fancy pants hotel with Aveda bath goods in the john?  No.  Do people who stay in those kinds of hotels usually call the restroom "the john?"  Probably not.  Well, I do.  The boyfriend and I took a little jaunt to Madison, and we are not exactly high rollers.  We're more like the penny slots... anyway....The Best Western got the job done with an adequate room, no scary stains, and friendly staff.  There was no free continental breakfast, but I apparently can't have it all.  The winners at this place?  Pool and hot tub, and a generous AAA discount.
1	Want a room with scary stains and torn carpeting?Want a "complimentary breakfast" so gross you'll feel like a contestant on Fear Factor?Want the most incompetent front-desk employees in the history of the world?  If you answered "yes" to any of those questions, this is the place for you!!!  If you answered "no", stay at the Madison Hostel.  It's about 10x cheaper and about 1,000x better.
4	Stayed here on a road trip. The rooms were clean and comfortable, nice restaurant downstairs.  Very nice local guides on the desk in the room.  The hotel offered a small work out room with current machines and a nice pool and hot tub. I was really surprised that everywhere I went in the hotel everything smelled very clean.  In the morning I did discover that my coffee pot did not work, but I just went down to the restaurant.  I did tell the front desk and they offered to swap it out right away.  I told them it wasn't necessary.  I enjoyed my stay and I would recommend the hotel to friends.
3	Yea there are better hotels in Madison but the Inntowner is a good hotel if you have business on this side of town. The free airport shuttle and being able to walk to my client site is a big plus. Also having the Blue Moon and Lombardino's restaurants next door is a good thing!Their regular rooms are average at best and their Highland Club rooms are on par with say the Marriott concierge level. Their workout room is OK, it could use an update, but it is suitable for working off those Brats and Curds.The bar staff and front desk are very accommodating and have been very helpful during my past two visits.
2	We were in town for a wedding & stayed here for one night. The on-site parking is free & there were plenty of spaces available when we arrived. Check in was fairly painless; we appreciated the front desk guy running after us to give us new room keys as he forgot to program them. Our room was okay, however, the air was not on & it was really muggy. Other than that, our bed & pillows were comfortable and the bathroom was a decent size. The breakfast buffet was pretty weak. The eggs were watered down; the hash browns were flavorless; the sausage was alright. The best thing we ate was a bagel. It definitely tasted like a free breakfast. This hotel was perfect for what we used it for; sleeping. If our stay was longer than a few hours, we'd have stayed elsewhere.
5	I heart you, Best Western Madison.Except for the fact that they failed to pick me up from the airport due to the slightly snowy condition, they delivered everything I looked for in a quality hotel. After having traveled to 4 different business sites across the state in a span of a month, this is by far my favorite on the list of hotels that I stayed at. Why?1) Excellent customer service by the front desk2) Excellent transportation service (I got a ride within 5 mins most of the time)3) Yummy HOT breakfast4) Quiet and clean room. I wasn't looking for a posh deco at this place, so my grading's only based on business--not romantic--needs. Overall, I absolutely adored this hotel and would stay there again for my next visit.
2	The manager was very nice. The pool was nice and deserted as well as the hot tub. The room was fine but NOTHING fancy.The 3 people at the front desk ignored us when we first came in. They were on the phone, but couldn't even give us a nod of acknowledgement. After waiting 10 minutes I tried to check in and I told them we had registered online and we were cashing in our Best Western points. Immediately the man checking us in got a strange look on his face and without saying anything he turned and walked into a closed door behind the desk. I was left feeling confused. When he came back he started to ask us a question and the very rude blonde check in girl interrupted him to say, you can't use those points to pay for a room, that has to be done ahead of time ONLINE. We had just driven 5 hours with 2 wild boys in the car to find out we couldn't stay there? That was what my brain was thinking. I was just really confused and surprised at to why she would get so abrupt and defensive and not even ask us any questions. Oh and she was still on the phone. The timid looking check in guy said the manager would be over to talk to us. He still had not said a word about whether or not we could use our points. I tried to ask him, and he seemed to have absolutely ZERO knowledge of how that worked. Maybe he was in training. My husband travels for work and stays at Best Westerns all of the time. He has never had a problem like this. The manager was extremely nice and we gave him our account/approval number from registering online. He was younger than both of the people at checkout and much more helpful and professional. He got us registered within 10 minutes. I just thought someone should know about this incident. I work with people and would NEVER be so rude to customers as the front desk. They never even smiled and we did not get anywhere until the manager came out. We will not be staying there again.
1	I have traveled all over this wonderful country and stayed in many hotels.  This easily ranks among the worst.  The staff is rude, the room has a weird stench if the AC is not on, and the "breakfast buffet" in the morning is a regimented affair with coffee canisters empty or spitting some weird, vaguely brown, lukewarm liquid. The staff will thrust a bag with unidentified contents at you if you do not wish to stay in the dirty, cluttered eating area, and tell you this is what you are "allowed" to take.  Clearly this establishment benefits mightily from its location, so if there is a hotelier out there reading this I suggest you look into Madison as a likely place to put a comfortable inn.  I am sure I am not the only one who would take advantage of such a alternative.
5	I was staying there to meet with friends and I was pleasantly surprised.  Although it's not new, it was clean and the service was good.  It did have free Wi-Fi and breakfast which was great.  Having a bar onsite is nice as well.I woul recommend as the location is good and it's clean.  Could use some moderization but clean made it acceptable and above average.
5	My room was on the top floor at the Highland Club. Fantastic! Very nice rooms. A lounge with free drinks every evening. Chocolate chip cookies. I don't know what the regular floors are like, but if you can swing it, definitely stay at the Highland Club!
4	Easy to find, th staff was very friendly. I booked my room on the app hotels tonight. The hotel actually reimbursed me $20. I didn't try the free breakfast but it smelled amazing. My room was clean and looked very nice. Very pleased with the hotel
4	I can't speak much about the rooms but the meeting spaces, and the money they recently put in to the place are fabu! I've been there for several events and each has gone off without a hitch, which makes me think hotel staff do a solid job of making it all happen leading up to and day of!
5	OMG...this cannot be the same hotel we stayed at a few years ago.  The renovations are impressive - very clean, modern, and lots of outlets (including several USB outlets).  We will be back.
