5	I've been to this CVS many times for both the minute clinic (a great feature btw) as well as the pharmacy itself.  I've never seen such a great group of tech's and pharmacists working together - they seem to all really enjoy what they are doing and working together, which is hard to find anywhere!  The pharmacist that has assisted me had my scripts done before I could walk from the minute clinic over to the pharmacy window - that's what I call service!  If you are in need of a prescription and live in the Mallard creek area, I suggest this CVS.
4	Had a pedicure gone wrong but wasn't in atlanta, went to the minute clinic and got some medicine hopefully this will work
3	usually painless experience but last time I was there (earlier this year), customer service in the pharmacy was terrible! there were 5+ people behind the counter and not one person acknowledged me for a solid 5 minutes ( I was the only person in line too).
4	CVS Pharmacy is your basic drug store. Ample parking, large store, pretty clean, decent selection, lots of sale items. The pharmacy here is very busy, at times you will have to wait for your pickup. Some days it seems that there are too many pharmacists and not enough people for customer service; however they are generally very apologetic when things run behind.  Everyone must be using CVS Covermark, busiest pharmacy in the area.
3	Pick up weekly ad and go to the coupon center
1	I am new to the area and visited this CVS for the first time to pick up a prescription.  I WILL NOT be returning.  First, I waited in line for 10 minutes to pick up the script- there was one person at the counter and two other people ahead of me.  When I finally got to the counter, the script wasn't ready even though it had been called in over an hour before I arrived (what's the hold-up?).  The Pharmacy Technician yelled for them to expedite it (great!) and told me to have a seat while they finished filling the script.  Ok.  I sat and listened... and listened... after 10 minutes I asked another Pharm Tech approximately how long it would be until my script was ready.  He looked and told me it was ready.  I asked why nobody had called me and he said he didn't know.  I got back in line again to check out... this time there were five people ahead of me.  After waiting another 15 minutes there's finally only one person ahead of me... the lady at the counter has a cart load of items and the Pharm Tech asks if she'd like to pay for her items there.  I can't say I blame the customer- if I had other items, I wouldn't want to wait in another line, but seriously, there's quite a line of people who can't check out up front at the general registers- let's serve the people to need to use the pharmacy.  She checks out and then proceeds to question the price of baby-wipes (buy one get one half off that didn't ring out as such).  So now the only person checking people out at the Pharmacy is doing a price check for baby-wipes while the rest of us continue to wait.  Finally, a second Tech arrives and takes the woman in front of me and then takes me.  I explain to him my frustrations as it has taken me over 30 minutes to pick up my script and that NOBODY called me when the script was ready.  The Pharmacy Manager tells me that she did call me and I didn't hear her.  I told her I was sitting in the chairs and nobody called her.  She proceeds to say she speaks fast and I probably didn't understand her.  I'm from New York- we don't know how to speak anything except fast- don't insult me!  I continued to explain my frustrations- having to wait in line twice, nobody telling me the script was ready, etc.  She asked how she could address the situation but at that point there was nothing they could do- I had already spent nearly 40 minutes picking up a script that the doctor had called in over an hour before I even arrived.  At this point, I just wanted to get out.  As I left, another customer told me how rude  I was and that I needed to be more patient!  Haha!  Mind your own business- I don't have time to spend 40 minutes picking up a prescription!  When I got home, I was told that CVS has called to say the script was ready- yup, even though I was sitting less than five feet from the counter, they called HOME rather than me!  This pharmacy needs a lesson in customer service and efficiency because both were seriously awful.  I mentioned that I am new to the area- I recently relocated from Chicago and always used CVS there.  My doctor would call in a script and within 10 minutes, the CVS would have it filled (the time it would take me to walk the 2 blocks from my doctor's office to the CVS).  The couple times the CVS was backlogged, they'd have me take a seat but as soon as the prescription was ready, they'd call me up and check me out immediately- I NEVER had to wait in line TWICE!!!  I always had such wonderful experiences at the CVS in Chicago but will definitely not be using this CVS again.  There are several Walgreens and Rite Aids in the area- I'll be using them from now on.
1	The last two times we've had to pick up prescriptions, we have been told a time they would be ready and have arrived promptly expecting things to go quickly and smoothly. However, the last two times they have lied and we have spent over an hour each time waiting for things to be done that they claimed were already done or would be done in 5 mins, 10 mins, 15 mins, etc etc (but never were and always ended up around 1 hour mark). This location needs to get more staff or less work but either way they suck. PS. I severely dislike liars. Just saying.
4	Great store.  Friendly staff.  Quick service.  Conveniently located at the corner of a somewhat busy intersection.
1	CVS' Minute Clinic should be renamed. I have found it to be significantly less convenient than making an appointment with my doctor. Due to my employer's requirement to get a wellness screening for insurance purposes, I have found myself signing in to the minute clinic on 5 separate occasions. Each sign in requires enough info that it takes 5 minutes just to sign in. Only then are you informed how long the wait will be.  I have tried 2 different CVSs at varying times throughout the day (from 8 am to 4 pm) and the wait has never been less than 2 hrs. If you have the option to go elsewhere, save yourself the headache of eternal wait times and do so.
