4	This place was very relaxing and quiet.  My husband said it was one of the best massages that he has ever had.  I am picky and like deep tissue, and I would say the therapists here are more about relaxation and swedish massage.  But, this place was nice, and since we were there earlier in the day, we got 90 minute massages for the price of 60, which was pretty kewl!  Staff was very friendly and ambience was nice.
4	Very good place for a relaxing day of me time, that's right you deserve it!What I like about this place is that the massages are great but the overall experience is sooooo calming that even the type A personalities (I may acually be a double A), can relax.The setting is very pretty with nice soft lighting and amazing smells, they also are very and I do mean very selective about the products they use and how they are made, often using exotic scents and oils, which leaves you feeling like you were away on some vacation away from the cold and harsh reality.They are quite peace and love so they can find some magical elixir that will cure what ailes you, in a very organic, homepathic kinda a way.If you can try there combo messages for couples, and here is a tip they do a lot of corporate functions, so maybe you should tell your boss, and have them come to where you work, it may not increase productivity on the day of, but it will show how appreciated everyone is, and I guarantee that will bring results
4	I've been here a couple of times and have thoroughly enjoyed the massages. It's a small and cozy spa, with great employees who are eager to fix you up and make you feel brand new. The ambiance is very relaxing, and that says a lot coming from me since half the time I can't relax until the massage is over. I got a manicure once and it was.... average. However, the massages have been great and modestly priced. For 90 minutes, you can get a full body massage for 100$. It's so worth it. If you're going with your significant other, or a friend, you can share a room as well.
3	My fiance and I were visiting Montreal from "the states" during our long holiday weekend. We both thought it might be nice to get a couples massage since I myself had never gotten a massage. In general, Espace Nomad is a wonderfully decorated space that has a "calming" feel to it. My review overall isn't on the appearance of this place but more-so the actual massage I received.One thing I did not know going into our massages was that I would have a male as my masseuse. I did feel a little uncomfortable at first and had a difficult time trying to relax. My masseuse was a very nice guy and genuinely cared about his work and putting the customer at ease. What I didn't particularly enjoy was how HARD he worked my back and face. In the beginning I told him I dealt with back problems as well as frequent migraine headaches. When he first started my massage, he dug so deep into my back that I almost yelped. The only reason I didn't was because my fiance was in the same room and I didn't want to startle him! Half way through my massage, the masseuse asked me if I needed the pressure changed. I informed him that I would like the pressure lightened but I didn't really feel a difference. By the time both myself and my fiances massages were done, I had a terrible/painful headache. Getting up I almost fainted and felt incredibly lightheaded only having been lying down for 60 minutes. Mind you I didn't even fall a sleep during any of this because it was so painful. For the rest of the night, I had a terrible migraine headache which really ruined my whole night. I ended up having to go to bed early because I couldn't take the pain anymore.In my opinion, this place is nice and I have no issues with any of the employees. Personally I feel that the massage therapists do need to pay more attention to their clients and what they're expressing. In the future, I don't think my fiance and I would ever come back here again in part of my unfortunate experience.
5	This place is really wonderful, it was my first spa/massage experience and i have no complaints. The atmosphere of the spa is it exactly what you're looking for on a bone chilling Montreal winter day when all you need is a warm, comfortable relaxing few hours. The dim lights, soothing music and refreshments around every corner with comfy little nooks to rest yourself really envelope the whole character if the place. There is a student discount every Thursday along with other fabulous deals! I gifted my boyfriend a couples massage fir his birthday, (which is definitely a wonderful gift option) and it was fabulous. Everyone was extremely attentive and the massage therapists knew exactly what they were doing. Cant wait to return
