1	I'm torn. I LOVED the ORIGINAL CHEERS. It was a dive, and what a dive should be. Dirty, cheap, skanky, good music, GREAT bartenders that were personable but also didn't take shit, and also remembered your face and what beer you liked. The bouncers were cool, and if some guy deserved to get his ass kicked they proceeded to take him outside and turn a blind eye if he DESERVED it. The bathrooms were filthy, really disgusting, yet I know plenty of women who have had sex in there, haha, but hey it is what it is. So these new owners want to "clean" it up. Yeah I guess the original had it's run and it might be nice to spruce this place up. Okay, i'm cool with that. But I have some information for the new owners to help them out a bit....New OWNERS, if you want this place to succeed, and not end up late tailgaters (shitty, and smells like vomit), Chilly Bombers (filled with young sluts and bro's), oh and the late SMOKEBOX, oops I ment SKYBOX (deceased, and for many reasons), listen up:1. Don't alienate the ORIGINAL CHEERS clientele. They were die-hard, they loved THEIR shit hole, mostly because it kept out the rest of the douches that were at the other 3 shit places I just talked about. 2. DON'T RAISE THE PRICES. This isn't Fox n Hound, or Tilted Kilt, both of which suck and their drink prices are way to fucking high. If you want people to come around and stay, make drink prices cheap. So if that means you have to shop around for the lowest prices on your distributors, then do it, you're a bar and it's the most important thing to majority of us out there, next to atmosphere, that we think about as patrons. Nothing more mad me happier then paying $2 for a TALL CAN OF PBR at the ORIGINAL CHEERS. Yeah it's shit beer, but shit beer that cost me $2 for a TALLIE, taste really fucking good!3. NO COVER, EVER. Covers are gay, don't have them. No one likes them, respects them, and most people try to avoid them. 4. FOOD, If you're going to have food, make it tasty. ORIGINAL CHEERS had amazing wings! Find that recipe and roll that over. 5. EMPLOY cool people, from the NEIGHBORHOOD. ORIGINAL CHEERS was a local neighborhood bar, no pun intended from the tv series, but really it was. So please hire people from around this area that we all might know, because listen that just helps out everyone in the long run. That's it for now, if I think of more, i'll add it. Heed my advice, and  you will be successful, Wish you the best.
1	I was very sad to see that my beloved Cheers turned into what it is now.  It is not the same dive as it used to be.  Sure the new bathrooms are amazing - but the  drink prices and food prices are incredibly expensive.  It doesn't have the same coziness on the inside like the old Cheers - infact it's very bland.  Somehow they were able to make it seem smaller than it used to be.  The lights were way too bright - the dart boards are right by tables - so if you were to play, you'd somehow have to squeeze your way in there.  No more shuffleboard.  They didn't know how to set up the inside, so the pool tables also seem to be in an awkward place (where the dart boards used to be).  The bartender didn't acknowledge us when we walked in.  There were maybe 10 people at the most in there, half of which were employees.  The bartender forgot if I ordered a rum and coke, or a rum and diet coke.  How can you forget, when there aren't very many people in there?  Also, when we decided to leave, I said I'd like to close out.  He turned the other way, came back and asked "do you want to close out?"  Uhhh, yes that's what I had just said.  The crowd was much older - and I don't think I will be back.  Something has to change - the prices, the service, the ambiance...pretty much everything.  I do like the bathrooms, though - but woulda taken the stinky bathrooms and old cheers over this anyday.
1	UPDATE:The owner, Tim, posted a comment about mine.  NO , I did NOT play darts and you have me completely mixed up with someone else.  All I did, and the gentleman I was with did, was drink 2 drinks a piece and leave.  We were not there more than a half hour.  You are trying to make it sound like my review was to get back at you for some reason.  I have no reason to get back at cheers - I was simply criticizing it, as this is the place you are allowed to do that.  If you do see people from the old cheers saying they like the place, congrats - the ones who I have known for years, don't.  Sorry.Also, I have to mention - I gave the same constructive criticism on their facebook page.  The other owner offered to give me a free entree next time I came in - the other people, who were obviously friends with the owner, flat out called me a bitch.  They ended up deleting my comment all together - but left the bitch comment up!  They did, however, take the free entree comment down as well!  hehe...way to take constructive criticism!  Also, you have a burger on your menu that is over 10 bucks!  I think the dollar signs should be $$ not $.  You have now sealed the deal, and I will definitely tell people not to try this place out.
1	Did you see the short guy walk in with a group of people last night, stop, look around then walk out......if not, that was me. So, listen I understand wanting to make this place different than the original cheers. But when you build it to look EXACTLY like TAILGATERS, you clearly aren't separating yourself from the rest of the bars off of bell road. I walked in, saw how the light were bright, neon, fucking neon lights, and metal walls, i nearly threw up in my mouth. I walked over from RTO's which is where I hangout, and in my opinion the only good bar off of bell aside Santisis now a days. No I didn't grab a beer, or check out how the service was, because after walking in I was so disgusted and sad to see what this place has become, I just left with my head hanging. Sorry Owners, you just turned cheers into tailgaters.----Response to Tim, the owners comment---Look bud, I understand you wanting to run a successful business man. And yes there were people there. Which you are correct, a lot of older people seem to like it. And if that's the type of crowd you want to attract, well then you might be successful. As far as the demographic between the ages of 23-36, I don't feel it's going to be successful. I was with a group of people, mostly women, they went to the bathroom, came back as I waited at the bar and they and I quickly agreed lets get the hell outta here and go back to RTO's. Look man, I'm trying to give you helpful constructive criticism. Because A LOT of people in my age range loved the old cheers. So you're already fighting a uphill battle. We all love the area and are sad to see so many bars go with the tide in this economy, we just want a great place, that's DIFFERENT from the rest to park our buts on the weekends and take out minds off of whatever. I wont be coming back unless it's the last choice on my list of places.
4	New ownership, new review!I always liked Cheers, so when I saw it undergoing renovation this summer, I was a bit hyped. New interior does not disappoint! Great lighting system. Nice TVs everywhere. Lots and lots of comfortable seating. Whoever designed it has the aesthetics on point.The music also rocks. They play everything! And the sound system had an upgrade--you can NEVER have enough bass.But I know you know you come here for more than sleek looks and cool sound. You wanna know about the drinks. On Tuesdays, specials include $4 Jager bombs and $2 PBR Tall cans. It doesn't get any better than that. There's also a little food menu, but I'll get back to ya when I try that. Staff was very friendly and down-to-earth. I can tell they genuinely enjoy what they do, and that feeds into a fun environment. Cheers has all the foundations of a successful mainstay in the west valley. Like any new establishment, they'll have a little market research and fine tuning before they develop a solid identity, but it still works smoother than any other new bar I've been to. For now--it's all looking up!
1	This is the type of management/ownership running this establishment now.  I posted on the "Cheers Tavern" facebook page, saying I disliked the bar because of the management/ownership and received this  inbox message. I of course knew the ego on this guy just couldn't resist replying, obviously just like he does here on the yelp page. I quote: Tim MontagueGO FUCK YOURSELF you fat FUCK!!! Your little rants/post will never hurt my business...EVER!! Funny 99% of the old Cheers crowd love the new Cheers. The other 1% are the ducebags like you who pissed on the bathroom floor and thought your tough guys by punching holes in the walls.....Don't want you or any of those P.O.S. back in my bar. Don't EVER step foot in Cheers again....you will never be welcome!!!Screenshot: http://i49.tinypic.com/33d9z80.jpgClassy.
3	Not being a country or a Nascar fan, the bar was nice and clean.  The touch screen was new and nice.  The big miller lite's were reasonably priced at $4.  The bartender was pleasant.  A good time for one in the afternoon.
5	This is my new favorite spot on the west side. Come see for yourself, try the steak, mouthwatering.   They have karaoke Tuesdays Fridays and Saturdays. Pool tables, shuffleboard, golf, darts and more.   The place is clean. The bathroom is spotless. I recommend this place.
3	So if you actually read threw most of the reviews. You will notice most of the bad reviews come from previous patrons or maybe workers.  That is how I feel, and they are bias in my view because people do not like change.So my real rating from some one who was told about this place. I would give this more of a 3.5 rating cause it better than average for a local bar. Your get a sports bar feel from the pool tables, shuffle boards, sports games playing. Friday night and Saturday night are the "busy" nights. They run Karaoke on those nights but I cant fully call it a karaoke bar cause its not ever night.  Only been there one time on a Friday night went by my self cause I enjoy karaoke. I feel its more of a neighborhood bar, its not a dance club and pick up ladies bar. It feels like regulars and some of there friend hanging out enjoying karaoke. Its a great spot for friends to hag out for sure. Song selection was decent give it a 4/5. I am used to having any song I want to sing with my friend who host Karaoke on other nights so I am spoiled.  As far as the service, I was at the karaoke book for about 2-3 min bye the karaoke host station so no waitress noticed me.  That is understandable, I am alone and could be with a group since I was at the host table. I then decided to sit at the bar. The Woman/Bartender did not seem to notice me at first, she was washing dishes for about 1-2 min. Not a big deal, but I feel you should acknowledge the person and say I will be right with you if your gonna continue doing dishes. Then she came over after she was done, she smiled and politely asked what I wanted. I told I wanted my usual Southern Comfort and Sprite. She got it right away. Then asked if I wanted to pay cash or start a tab. I said ill start a tab. Then she asked, "may I steal a card from you" I dont like this phrase at all in a professional sense.  Even though I disliked it I was quite and I handed her my card respectfully and she then put the card on the back table with my name I assume attached to it.  Now here is what I dislike the most. I was never told her name there was no introduction it was just what would you like and give me your card pretty much. So I gave her my precious Credit Card and I don't know her. . .I have previous bar tending experience, I feel its like greeting some one for the first time you say hello ask there name and tell them yours and make them feel welcome. A smile and fast service is nice, but a warm welcome and a new friend is better. I honestly feel it was not that busy because it was only like 930ish and maybe 8 people at the bar.  If you want to make new customers and longer patrons my advice is tell them your name say it a couple times so they don't have to yell or scream "hey Miss" or "Hey Bartender" Cause I know that pissed me off when I worked. I am trying to help these are little things that can make a huge difference in service and repeat customers. So in terms of service I would give it a 2.5/5 totally average nothing special.So on the drinks that is what people come out for to get good drinks and food depending. I have too say my first drink was average on pour, the second one tasted like a double. So over all I would say that is good 4/5 easily she knew how to make drinks and was very fast. Not sure if she meant to make the second one stronger but I could see the Dark amber color in mixed with the sprite on the second drink so it was good pour for sure. I only had 2 drinks I had a 9$ tab + 3$tip included I feel the service was decent enough for it it could of been better I do not find great bartenders any more honestly. So finally to the Crowd at Cheers. I sang 2 songs both time they clapped and some Women with there Husband or Significant other. Complemented me on how well of a job I did. I know I have a good voice not star material by any means but I love music. The total Crowd was nice and pleasant, other than one gentleman who could of passed off for a hard core biker guy with his leather jacket and tattoos stated' "How does it feel to be gay."  I did not take offence at all I just smiled and said," You are not the first to ask if I was gay or even say a comment like that." he chuckled "not the first, really?!?" Then I stated, "Being gay is not a bad thing. I am not gay and I feel some women prefer a sensitive type. I sing songs about love or that women appeal to because its a great way to pick them up." He laughed and I finished signing my tab I stated, "enjoy your night sir, maybe you should try and sing too" and I walked out. LMAO  I love dive bars would I go again sure but I need friend to make me stay longer than 2 hours lol
5	Thank you Cheers for an awesome night!  Last night was my 40th birthday celebration and we had a large party to accommodate.  They did an amazing job of keeping everyone happy!!!  The service was EXCELLENT, she was always available, she got the drinks right every time, the tabs were accurate and she did it all with a smile.  The karaoke master was also great.  He did a wonderful job of mixing it up, no long intervals of ballets or Sappy crap, and he wasn't playing favorites to the regulars.  The place was clean, just enough space to keep it fun & the location was good (plenty of available well lite evening parking space).  I had a few skeptics when they heard Cheers was on the menu for the evening... They were all converted last night.  We will definitely be back!  Thank you for a great west side party bar!
4	Amazing food and amazing ranch. Best ranch in town. Pretty good drink prices. Depends on what day you go on. Vodka drinks are very expensive compared to other bars. They only have 1 person behind the bar which sometimes takes you forever to get a drink.
5	If you have not been here in several years, it is not the same stale Cheers it was back then. The place is clean, brigher, and Cheers'ier. The food is better than most bars too. I have had the burger, wings, and chicken. the fries are good too. Service "can" get a tad slow if they get busy, but once your there, they take care of you. The tv's, music, karaoke, shuffleboard, darts, pool...drinks and buddies. It is a perfect bar.
5	I've been coming here pre and post new Cheers. The environment now is so much cleaner, more open and much more welcoming to patrons. There are several TVs playing all sports, beers are cold and a great selection of food items. Karaoke and music on the weekends makes for a fun night out! The owners, Tim and Lisa, make it a point to know their customers. Definitely a place I would recommend to anyone.
2	Ok.  So I'm was just at Cheers and listened to one of the owners (bald guy)  verbally abuse his employees.  My friend is a close friend of his and he told me not to say anything to him.  I promised I wouldn't,  so I am not.   I just thought that it was completely unprofessional and downright rude that this jerk would yell and swear at his staff in front of customers like that.  Apparently,  it was not the first time.  It happens frequently.   I have personally seen this on more than one occasion.  Just remember... when you go to Cheers on Bell road in Glendale, AZ the owners have no respect for the people who serve you.  So why would they deliver great customer service to anyone?  But they do anyway.  The bartenders are awesome and do their job very well.  Above and beyond despite the hostile work environment that the owners create for them.  This review isn't about the bar or the staff, but an abusive owner.  I'm surprised that he has anyone working for him at all.  My first time there, he was behind the bar and I asked him how much the pool tables were, he wouldnt even look in my direction and just said he didn't know and I need to ask a bartender.  I'm sorry, I thought since he was behind the bar he worked there and might know.  I guess I was wrong.
