5	I've been to this place in all of it's incarnations. (yeah, that's makes me feel a little old.)  First it was Angles ( a "video" bar) then it was Icon (lot's of pics of celebrities on the walls, weird 90's paint job.)  and now the luxurious 8 1/2 Ultra Lounge. Now, Ultra Lounge is becoming my least favorite term ever, cuz now it's so over used in this town....so I think, if you gonna use the term "OWN IT!" and 8 1/2 does just that.A hot dance floor adjacent to a stage with a comfy phat couch.  Actually couches and plush seating abound.  Amber lighting. And fun to hot bartenders. They have VIP sky boxes that over look the dance floor at it's sister dance club Piranha. ( I'll tell you all about that place next. )  They offer bottle service up stairs where it's extra ultra.  Honestly not a bad way to spend a Saturday night.They host tons of cool events from porn star visits to Tiffany in concert. (yup....I Think We're Alone Now, posed for Playboy Tiffany...WURD!)  If you go on any weekend be ready for it to get loud and rowdy in a crowded way.....so not really perfect for a date, but if it's a shake your booty, get your drink on kinda date.....get to it bitches!!!
3	I went to 8 1/2 for the first time a few weeks ago with Damon as I was healing from my kidneys breaking down on me AND the flu, so I bet that there's a lot more fun to be had than I was really in the mood to have at the moment.  I'm going to have to go back and then update my review at that time, because I bet I could really get down there when my body's at it optimum operating level.  Also, I'm not really a 'club' person, and 8 1/2 is just one step below an actual club.  I can tolerate it, but I might have to nip outside a few times to take a break.  It really is a beautiful space.  The nooks and crannies filled with couches with plush pillows - oh, that's just delightful.  The servers were friendly and quick and...uh...definitely not bad to look at.  A pool table serves to bring a little more of a bar vibe into the club atmosphere which was welcome.I left before the dance floor opened (I know, lame), but it sure LOOKED nice.  Going to the restroom as a girl at a predominately gay male club is always interesting, and the situation here was no different, but a girlfriend placed in front of the door helped to alleviate any embarrassment on both people's parts.I'm definitely going to go back and give it a second chance.  You should give it a first.
5	Can I just say WOW!  What a difference a little paint, carpet and good queer input can do for a place.  I used to go here from time to time when it was Gypsy & Lace.  Had good times, but it was a dirty old gay bar with scary people dancing in the back and raping eyes in the front bar.  I admit that was part of the charm.  When I went back for the first time since the remodel last summer...I was thrilled.  Great layout, great decor with great music up front and in the back.  The crowd was a lot of fun too.  Good mix of all kinds, both local and out-of-towners.  We did meet one of the guys that does (maybe did) PR for the place at the time.  Don't recall his name (we refer to him as Jimmy Neutron), but at one point during the second trip he told my friend he wanted to keep her in his closet and feed her Cheetos.  Vegas people are classy...I don't care what anybody says.Anywho, good times at this place and I would recommend it.  Good drinks and VERY hot bartenders.  Oh, and I apologize to the one bouncer guy who got his hair pulled by a drunk part-time lesbian that may be found in a closet eating Cheetos one day.
4	Music makes me move... and this place did it for me on Saturday night. Now I will have to say this is the only place where I found the local queens a bit pushy but after a few drinks it didn't mater. They have 2 main areas in the club. At the front they were spinning hip hop  and R & B and when Mary J. came on Bambi just let loose. In the back it was more house/techno/dance music which was cute and they also had go go dancers on stage getting paid to strut.  A friend I went with met a guy that works there the night before and come to find out he is in charge of the VIP passes to the upstairs area which we were whisked off like some Vegas royalty.... loved it. Love the fire palce in the courtyard. I guess it comes in handy during the winter nights.
4	8-1/2 is now my new favorite gay bar in Las Vegas.  Finally.  Gipsy is a dump, and Krave is too cavernous and over-the-top, so you can see my preference for 8-1/2.The interior is sexy and cool with plush sofas here and there.  I don't recall much of the place if you know what I mean, but I do remember it had a somewhat attractive crowd, and that one of our smooth-talking boys talked the door mistress out of the cover charge.  Saweet!  I'll go back and do it again.
1	20 bucks to get in and the crowd was scarier than the Mix on a Sunday afternoon. Sorry Vegas, this place is the worst...
4	I have to agree with my fellow Yelpers... 8 1/2 is my favorite gay bar in Vegas.  The DJ/VJ is great and the music is always hot.  On my last trip I stopped in pretty much every night, including Tuesday's Latin Night (or "Taco Tuesdays" as I prefer to call it).The bartenders are nice, although on Friday night the former porn star tattooed like a tiger (I think) ripped me off.  I ordered my usual Absolut and tonic and he charged me $8 and didn't give me a receipt (they always give receipts).  Every other time I ordered the same drink it was only $6, but I digress.  Since it was Christmas I didn't make a big deal out of it and I even tipped him $2.I wish this "lounge" had more seating.  Since Piranha is next door, they could eliminate some of the dance floor and add more couches.  Just a thought... :)
4	OK, out of all the places I've been too, this is the most fun. So many fun and unruly nights here. And yes, afterwards was a buffets somewhere. So bad, yet so good.
3	I paid $20 to get into this place and was at first pissed. Walked in and was like, "I paid that to get THIS?" Not much of a dance floor BUT after a lot of drinks we ended up having a blast dancing with folks from Europe. I don't remember much than that - dancing, people and some couches:) I had fun but wouldn't recommend you go out of your way to come here. If you are gay and in Vegas though and needing a change from the strip madness, then head over. Just know that you might be like, "ok, it was just OK." Not near as fabulous as Krave.
4	Cute and scantily-clad dancers, strong drinks, and great music to dance to- is there anything else I need from club? Although all the guys there clearly go for the hot dog, and not the taco, it doesn't make me appreciate them any less as awesome eye-candy while I'm dancing to some Britney Spears or Madonna remix. My Vegas BFF has taken me here twice, and I've had a fantastic time each time I've gone. While that first time is kinda hazy in my head from all the vodka tonics that night,  I'll never forget how me and my BFF were totally trashed on a bench in the patio, and being kindly told to leave 'cuz it was closing time. Good times.
4	Very friendly clothing-optional staff and a place that, well, for a dressed-up dive bar, is pretty sweet. Definitely a refreshing change from hob-nobbing with all of the bro's and brah's on the Strip. Would be high on my list to hit up again when I'm in Vegas.$20 cover? Not so much. The $5 beer bust was, ironically, a great deal.
2	Allow me to explain my 2 star rating.  8-1/2 lounge and Piranha nightclub are essentially two rather different clubs annexed together.  I do not come to this nightlife amalgamation for 8-1/2.  I come for its sister club.  As I've said before in other reviews, I detest the watered down hip-hop that passes for Top 40 music nowadays.  I like even less the crowd that such an atmosphere attracts.  And this is the crap that 8-1/2 plays all the time.  The decor isn't bad.  I like the draperies over the couches.  They have a pool table and a Pacman machine.I'd describe the people who hang out on the 8-1/2 side as "gay douchebag lite."I hate the damned bartenders, though.  They are notorious for their inability to set consistent drink prices.  I've bought well vodka sodas for $5, $8, and $7 over the course of a single night, ALL FROM THE SAME BARTENDER.  They also charged me $3 for a soft drink.  Criminal.Piranha, on the other hand, plays dance/trance/house, has great gogo dancers, and a happenin' dance floor.  Be cool, like me.  Don't stay in 8-1/2.
4	Defiantly the place to visit while in Vegas (other than Krave).If you want an ultimate gay night out you found the right place!Great music, awesome cruising theme & a great place to meet, flirt and eye candy!It was like a miniature Gisneyland for me (when I was single) and boy, I enjoyed the rides!Few tips: -If you have nothing to do with Latin, avoid the Latin night! It is insanely boring and seclusive!- They don't take cards so come with cash or you'll be charged insane amounts of fees at the ATM- Do not order with the bleached hair tattooed bartender, he's a moron & S hole & would not appreciate your tip.- There is a cover charge on the weekends ($10-$20) - NOT COOL!- Do not give them your cell phone for their list, they will be texting you day and night 10 times a week about their irrelevant parties way after you are already back at home remembering very little!- Drinks are measured in a nazi way, weak, pricey & probably watered down.- Parking can be a hassle but you'll usually find a spot within few minutes.-Entrance security thinks highly of themselves.Great design.2 different rooms play different music2 different barsGogo dancersPool table (need a disparate fix)Best place to meet & hook up!But after all, there is something unexplainable cozy, sexy, intriguing and adventures in this place. Worth the headache!Be bad!Yalla Bye!
4	so being spoiled by the nightclub mecca LA has to offer i wasn't expecting  this club to be much of anything but man was i wrong... and in a good way.pulling up to the place the collective feel was 'where the eff are we?'  looked seedy and run-down.. no bright lights, no weho gateway, no rainbow flags, incredibly dapper area.. i was almost expecting to find truckers and strippers inside, not the surprisingly good collection of music that greeted us.idk what everyone else is saying about the cover charges but we didnt pay anything.  that paired with the $2 happy hour well drinks kept us happy.  the music was pretty good in 8 1/2.. very top 40 and some good dance mixes.  more like a very well executed house party than a night club. me likey!piranha, however, was mehhh.. we went in and danced for a little but 20min went by and i swear they were only playing one bass-pumped song.  it got to be annoying/overwhelming so we danced the night away in 8 1/2 mostly.  bottom line.. if you're looking for a good time in a low-key, non-pretentious place, come here.  you won't be disappointed!
4	Another reviewer noted the presence of a "gay douchebag lite" crowd at this establishment, and I would say that I concur.  However, I think it has many redeeming qualities.  There is much lechery, but more than anything, people seem to be genuinely having a good time, and I think that is a critical quality for any bar or club.  Even those tinged with douchebaggery can contribute to a generally entertaining environment.  I do have one negative comment: I don't know if this is a regular thing, but I did find the playing of five Lady Gaga songs consecutively to be gratuitous.
4	Wanna know how 8 1/2 could get a 5-star rating from me? Stop overcharging out-of-towners. I mean, I guess it's kind of cool to offer so much to locals.  Unfortunately, I'm not a local and it sucks to walk up and get asked for $20 when I know most of the people inside paid nothing AND got a handful of drink tickets.Regardless, I always come here when I visit Las Vegas because there's always a cute time to be had.  Come late because the party doesn't get started until everyone gets off work (and there are a lot of casino employees in this crowd).Drinks are good and I appreciate any time someone serves me in glassware (without me having to ask for it). Clearly, they recognize celebrities and spotted me as soon as I walked in.
3	i came here for my 21st. i had a really good time! the decor is really nice and the music is usually hip hop. i'm not a fan of hip hop really, but they played britney a couple times which had me really excited!the other side however, piranha, i would give 4 stars. i spent most of my time there, because the music was better (besides britney), it was a little bit less crowded and seemed to have better ventilation. :D
5	8 1/2 has been my favorite place to go to since moving to Las Vegas. The staff is always friendly, the music is great, and normally lots of fun. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday are the best nights to go. If you are from out of town, paying for the bottle service is the way to go.
2	I grew up in Vegas. I used to DJ at Gypsy back in the day. However, I do not come to Piranha/8 1/2 when I visit Vegas. I prefer to go to Krave or one of the other venues in town. I do not care to pay $20 for entry for this club because I am not a local. Drinks tend to be hella weak and over priced as well. I just do not feel welcome here. I recommend anyone visiting Vegas to stay away. Don't waste your money here.
3	I always get pissed off when I come out to Las Vegas and get hustled for cover when locals get in for free.  Alexa G. and I came here last weekend and it was $20 for each of us.  I don't mind paying cover. It better be worth it.  We had a good time, but I'm still upset about paying $40 for the privilege of entering (and it's a week later).If you're into draft beer it's really cheap to drink here.  It's even cheaper if you make friends with someone who already paid for bottle service at their table.  We worked both of those avenues and it paid off pretty well.I'm a little bummed that I didn't get to see a drag show (that's more my issue than theirs, though).  The music was good and the go-go dancers were actually pretty hot this time.  Alexa was all about a few of them.  Then she realized they were short.  That's not a deal breaker for me, but she had some trouble getting past it.  Oh well... it was definitely his loss.
4	Like it was yesterday :)Fun.
2	I was here in Feb of 2009, so I don't know if this place is still open or not.  I guess I came too early in the evening, (on a Saturday night) and I don't remember if I paid a cover or not, but I think I did.  But the place was deserted. (10pm-ish.) Practically deserted and DARK..I could hardly see anything except the pool table.  I had a drink and wandered around. From what I could see,  I liked the decor and thought the couches and drapes were cool.  I had a Vodka drink-it was ok.  The few people I did see seemed cliquey, druggy and were really odd, and unfriendly. I just didn't get a friendly vibe at all.  The one bartender seemed like a snob and I don't remember the music being anything special.  So I finished my drink and went back to the Buffalo.  Maybe it would have been more fun with friends. All in all -the experience was shallow and unfriendly.
4	Despite the steep cover of $20 it is worth it as it is 2 clubs that are joined, and id rather pay $20 for this club then $20 for Krave.  But they start charging cover at 9:30 so get there when they open at 8pm and your free.Drinks are strong, reasonably priced, attentive bartenders, cool atmosphere, its decorated with more of a dark red lounge feel so it is kind of darkly lit (if that makes any sense) yummy gogo dancers, really cheap bottle service (which includes half off cover) locals come here alot so its a cool crowd.  This is my fav but bring enough cash to cover the expensive cover charge, and drinks.  THey dont have a set time for closing so you could be dancing and drinking all night till morning and not know how much money you just blew away on drinks.
2	It's a gay club. Nothing special.
3	A group of girlfriends have never been in the fruitloop before, so after dinner at one of the restaurants near by, we decided to check it out. On a Saturday, it was peppered with guys and a few girls. Nothing like the old days when it was crammed to capacity. This comfortable mix provided enough for mingling, but not too intrusive. Drinks: The bottled beers are $6. Music: Mainly Top 40.
4	I came to 8 1/2 & Piranha to start the festivities for my birthday weekend Friday August 23rd. It was a good decision! The draw for my friends and I was the $20 all you can drink offer I recevied via text message. Great way to get the best bang for our buck. We recieved a plastic cup and a bracelet for our drinks. I had no clue that I was suppose to keep the cup and threw it away after my first drink. The bartender gave me a new one and told me to hang on to it because they reuse it for the drink special. Ok cool. My friend was not so lucky. He was told that he was going to be charged for a full priced drink because he didn't have the cup to refill. Kind of lame and frat boy partyish. My friend found a cup and all was well. The staff, one bartender, on each side of the bar seemed totally overwhelmed and not over friendly but not super rude. Just meh I guess. The rest of the staff was amazing. The drag performers shut it down. Pleasent surprise. I was brought out for my birthday by the queen and given a shot. Hells yes. The dj was amazing. We danced our asses off. Twerk They played some great mixes. Perfect. I don't remember wanting to stop because the music sucked so props to the djs. Overall, I was happy with my choice to come here. The crowd was cool, not that it mattered, because we owned the dancefloor, LOL. The decor was cool. Laidback and chill. We wore shorts and did not feel out of place. Major props for drink special, dj's, and the drag performers. Minus for the bartender being meh. Minus for the bartender's bangs. lmao. But I would reccomend this place for sure. Oh yeah, security staff were friendly too. I hate when clubs hire dicks for security.
5	this is a great gay bar that welcomes all me being a straight woman me and a bunch of straight girls go for the local prices drinks and specials that they have they have no cover charge is seven nights a week they do a lot of special events and holiday parties they also have a text list that you can go on and on Thursday nights for locals they have $8 open bar which I can tell you you can drink a lot in a couple hours with open barthey also have cash winning the contest that anyone can join like a hot body contest a dance contestthey have a very sexy gogo dancers walking around with a test tube shots that you can buy and they will put in their underwear and let you take out with your teethso being a straight girl this is definitely an accommodating place I don't have to worry about weird guys constantly hitting on me and I can't dance and be myself because gay guys don't judge lol
1	This bar is a waste of space unfriendly bartenders and just no atmosphere I was looking for something upscale since me and my partner paid a 10 dollar door fee it was a horrific experience and I won't go back there again!!
