3	I'm with Jeff S. on this...for this to be a "factory" store, I don't see much in the way of huge savings. They seem like the same prices that Foot Locker & other shoe / apparel stores offer.  However, my boyfriend has scored some inexpensive "wear every day" sneakers here before.  The running shoes I purchased weren't a "real steal".Yes, they do have TONS of shoes for everyone in the family, as well as apparel.The employees, while they do acknowledge you, don't seem to know much about what they offer at the store or how to successfully ring up purchases / exchanges / refunds.
3	So Nike running shoes and my feet get along great.  Luckily this store and it's back wall of clearance shoes at sometimes insane prices make that perfect match just a little bit sweeter.  For that reason alone, I make the trek to this store assuage my soles (terrible pun, insert moans and groans here) and usually come away a happy camper.Since this is a Nike store, the back half is fully dedicated to shoes that are divided by gender and then for the kiddos.  The racks are pretty plainly laid out with an example shoe clearly set out to shoe whats inside all the adjacent boxes, which clearly show sizing on the labels attached to the sides.  Price is clearly displayed, particularly if that style is on sale, and usually varies from the MSRP on the original box.  This all has a very warehouse feel to it.The back wall is the sweet spot, however, as this is where final clearance shoes go, again broken down generally by size and gender, though things tend to get shuffled around quite a bit, so it helps to check sizing labels inside the actual shoes.  You'll notice that box tops have been cut off and there is no guarantee that you'll find your size in every shoe you see.  In fact, many are down to just a couple remaining pairs, and this is where the deals get sweetest.  Multiple stickers mean the price has been dropped several times and only increases the value of your deal.  It's something of a treasure hunt on that wall, but I have found some rather amazing deals on shows whose only fault is being a season or so behind.  This goes for both running shoes, sport-specific shoes, and the more fashionable lifestyle shoes that occasionally appear.  Now in fairness to this store, the front half is dedicated to clothing, both for performance and lifestyle wear.  Seasonal choices here, but the deals are far and few between in comparison to a regular retail store, so I spend little time here.  If there is anything to ding here, it is the lack of customer service and general unhelpfulness I continually see form the staff.  To some degree, this is expected due to the warehouse feel, but a little show of concern every now and then would also go a long way.  If I'm sitting down on a bench with six boxes of shoes open, you'd think someone might realize I'm real about making a purchase and might ask if they can help.  No such luck, routinely.  Also, I'd really appreciate more information either on a display or through an employee about the difference between some shoes.  What's the different between Lunar Fly and Lunar Forever?  How is Nike Free 7.0 different from Nike Free 5.0?  Stuff like that.  Blank stares and crickets chirping if I ask that to the staff, so thank goodness for smartphones and internet access there.  So don't go here if you are looking for education or customer service, go here if you want the deals at prices even stronger than the online clearance store, especially when it comes to shoes.  On that alone, I'll return here to fend for myself.
