4	For years, I have fallen victim to Del Taco and its remarkably delicious soft chicken tacos.  From my time in California, to my move to Vegas years ago, my joy was no greater than discovering that my favorite junk food would carry over with me to this new state.Over a decade later, I still retain a soft spot for the soft chicken taco, and this Del Taco is not a disappointment in this regard.Regarding this location, the service is polite, the lines are fast, and to date, I've never had an issue with my order.  It's located in a shopping center next to a bar, and outside of the many 'Bertos taco variants, this is the other preferred meal of choice after ingesting a few liquid libations, or late night "I have to eat something" snack.  This location has gotten me through a few rough nights of working late.That said, it's not the building, location, prices, or service that I take issue with.  It's the drive through customer.  I was reminded of this just today as the woman ahead of me screamed a string of profanities at the hapless girl inside the window as she sped away.  For you see, this isn't the first time I've witnessed something like this at this location.Maybe they're drunk from the local bar.  Maybe it's just something about the neighborhood.  Maybe these people are just stupid.  Or just mental.  Who can say, really?  All I know is I feel for the customer service, because as mentioned before, the people working here really are nice.  The only fast food place I can think of that actually initiates a brief "How are you" conversation, and sounds like they actually mean it.Regardless, this is a decent location that actually makes use of a paraphrased (and edited) line from "Clerks": This place would be great if it wasn't for the fudging customers.Well said, Randal.  Well said.
3	It's OK. Next time I'll try another menu item.
4	This was Naugles when I was growing up. Although I miss them, Del Taco does an great job to accommodate you if you crave old menu items. Their new value menu is pretty darn special. I love the 1/2 bean and cheese burrito with green sauce ( I mean, do I really need any more than that? ha! ) And the mini bacon quesadilla was delicious. I love the fresh brewed Tetly, also. Face it. They are awsome in a pinch, late night drunk food, and early morning quick bite. Just try not to get to technical with special orders in the drive thru ; )
2	Taco shits? I gotz them!Ok I know its gross, but I literally got sick from the food here! FYI I'm watching the HBO Beyonce documentary and am starting to feel sick again.Sooo this place is like a mini Del Taco, the drive through is usually where we go. Its like oddly placed as well. Sometimes the cashier ladies are nice, but mostly theyre not. They have your typical cheap Del Taco fare, and I always go for the fries. Today though, I was feeling like a renegade. I got a small beef taco and a chicken taco. The chicken wasnt like it normally tastes so I think that may have been the culprit.Word of advice, the drive thru has a sharp turn, so dont mess your car up!
4	Why am I writing a review of a fast food restaurant? One simple reason: I have been to this particular restaurant countless times over the last 15 years, and they have gotten my order wrong only once. ONCE! In 15 years! And every time I go there, the employees are quick, friendly, and on the ball.Yes, I know, Del Taco is not the greatest food in the world. But you can't go wrong for the price, and they actually have a pretty broad menu. (French fries and burgers at a Mexican restaurant? Who knew?)Tonight I had chili cheese fries. Why? I don't know. I usually get tacos and bean burritos. (And I will say I was not a big fan of tonight's order.) But, as I said, it doesn't matter what I order; it's almost always delivered quickly and correctly, and the employees are always friendly and attentive.I'm not sure who to thank--if it's the franchise owner for this location, or if the employees at this place just take pride in their work--but I must say that I've never seen one particular fast food restaurant have such a long run of great service.If you want cheap eats and great service, take the Jones exit off 95 and give Del Taco a chance. My advice: Stick with the Mexican food; go to Wienerschnitzel if you want chili cheese fries.
2	The Del Taco chain is like a slightly nicer Taco Bell with better selection, and potentially more "real" meat in their meals. I typically don't have any interest in this place unless I'm craving nachos or a crunchy taco.But the other night, I had zero interest in cooking and a killer fish taco craving. So I picked one up, added on a veggie burrito, and they gave me an extra bacon quesadilla that was a duplicate from a previous order. I wouldn't order that, even if it's priced at 50 cents- it's literally a tortilla folded over some bacon bits with some cheese. No thanks.Beer battered fish taco is exactly what I like, wouldn't order the veggie burrito again though- cheap though it was. They seem to have recently added a cali asada burrito that I may need to try in the near future- somehow I doubt it'll measure up to the cali burritos I got in the bay area, though.
2	It taste like any other del taco. But at night they are slower than slow. Waited 30 minutes for a burrito and 2 tacos in the drive thru. Either put more employees on the night shift or close earlier. It's called fast food not wait in a drive thru line for half an hour food. If you like del taco order here during the day and eat somewhere else after hours they aren't fast at all.
4	Del Taco. DEL TACO. Cheaper than taco hell and better. So this place is not in the nicest area but closest del taco to my location. The drive thru is tight squeeze but they're pretty quick. I asked for a quote on quote "a bag of medium sauce" and she literally gave me a bag of medium sauce. The food was fresh and I didn't have runs so that's great. I even ordered one of those 1/2 pound ban burrito and I was fine, not even too gassy. I was stoked. Chicken burritos, 59 cent tacos and deep fried cheesecake bites are worth your change.
