5	After moving from Atlanta I had not found a spray tan location that I was happy with (never found one in Austin and had tried another place here in Charlotte with ok results).  After search Yelp and Facebook I found Stellar Tanning.  Liked the process (I never ever do automatic booths anymore-I am just too pale to risk it).Sent a quick email for an appointment and Erika emailed me back almost immediately and we agreed on a time at her in home studio.  She also will drive to your home but I work close to her studio near South Park.  Some of the things that set her apart from other air brush tanning locations:* She gives you sticky feet pads so your feet so they don't absorb the spray* She has been doing this for 2 years * The solution doesn't have an added smell - it really didn't have much of an odor at all* Erika is a perfectionist!My tan was for a cruise I went on and everyone thought it was a real tan.  Even friends and family who knew I was getting an airbrush tan were impressed.  Not since Aloha Tan in Atlanta (I have reviewed them too) have I had such a streak free, even tan.  Great color and it lasted about 6 days with a lot of swimming and sweating.  Thanks Erika!  I will be back.
5	I love coming to Erika for my spray tan. She is very professional, and does an amazing job. I've had her spray me for my wedding, parties, and vacations. After a week it fades away but it looks amazing when it is fresh. I've gone to a few other places in and around Charlotte and I will not go anywhere else again. I wish I could afford to go all the time!
5	I usually do not write reviews because nowadays between customer service and the product, usually something is left to be desired.  This was not the case with Stellar Tanning.  Erika was extremely professional in every aspect from scheduling the appointment, to follow up, to the spray tan itself.  I had the double dip, express tan done yesterday, washed it off before I went to bed last night, and my skin is a beautiful golden brown color today.  I have had custom spray tans done before and every single one had an orange tint to them, even at the salon's that said, "this will absolutely not turn you orange, you will be brown", only to find, I did not have a brown glow but an orange glow.  I would highly recommend Erika and will be back!  She is great from start to finish.
5	Erika was fantastic!!! Highly recommend stellar tanning and will definitely do again!!!
5	I recently moved to San Francisco and wish I could have taken Erika with me! She provided me the most natural looking spray tan I have ever had. The prices are great too especially for the mobile application, you can't beat having her come directly to your house! I've had bad experiences with spray tans both in booths and done by hand, but Erika's application was flawless every time.
5	About to go on vacation and wanted a little color before hitting the beach.  I've never had a spray tan before and was a little apprehensive as I've seen a lot of BAD spray tans.  After much research, I came across Erika at Botanical Tans and decided to give her a try.  She is awesome!  She did such a great job!  I have received so many compliments.  My tan looks so natural - no streaks - great color.  Highly, highly recommend her - she's great!Toni D.
5	Erika is an artist! She did 'contouring' as well, free, to make me look even more defined. She did an amazing job! The tan lasted for 7 days! I was well impressed. She is really nice too, and professional. My photoshoot was canceled but I will definitely be returning to her for my next one and even if I just feel like being brown :-) Thanks Erika! Will send you before and after shots next time.
5	Erica is great!  She always fits me in when I need her.  My tan looks great!  And how awesome is it that she comes to my home?
5	I love Botanical Tans! Erica is great, very professional and super nice. My spray tans look great and they are healthy and chemical free which is very important to me since I have a new baby. I will never go back to auto booth tanning.
5	Erika was super professional, this was my first spray tan and I felt comfortable with her the entire time. The tan looked fantastic and incredibly natural. Absolutely recommend.
5	Erika is fantastic!I used her for my wedding and couldn't be happier.  Until this I had only done the booth-spray tans and I kind of hated them - smells awful, wasn't sure what to do, came out streaky.  Erika is nothing but professional, the spray she uses does not smell like anything - and my tan was perfect!  it lasted for much longer than any previous tan I've had, and never started looking splotchy.If you have an event coming up - definitely use Erika!
5	Erika absolutely gives the BEST spray tans ever! I have been spray tanning for over 10 years now and I have never had such a perfect tan! I am a natural redhead and have such pale skin, it has been beyond a challenge to get a good spray tan because any little mistake shows up. Erika has such great experience in making my tan look so natural, that you would never know that I got a spray tan! She is very professional and is one of sweetest people you will meet. I can not recommend enough! By far the BEST in Charlotte!
5	I've only had a couple spray tans before Erika but this was the best spray tan ever!  So natural looking without the horrible stinky smell!  I am so amazed by Erika and happy I took a chance with her!  I will be going back every chance I get!   Thanks Erika!
5	Best spray tan in Charlotte! Erika is so professional and takes every precaution to make your tan natural and even, especially on your hands and feet. I recently moved to Chapel Hill and I'm bummed because know I won't find a spray tan as good as Botanical Tans here!
5	I love getting a tan from Erika. She uses the best products and when I go there I leave knowing my tan is going to last. Love, love, love Botanical tans. If you are into spray tanning, definitely give it a try.
5	I am seasoned when it comes to spray tans. That being said, this was the BEST spray tan I have ever had! It looks so natural and bronze--no reddish hue that you get with some. Erika was extremely professional and is a true artist! I highly recommend!
5	I found Botanical Tans on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised when I visited Erika! She is amazing!! I love her focus on natural products and that she takes so much time to really educate you on the product. The salon space is small, but cute and easy to find. The spray tans from her are by far my favorite! I don't live in Charlotte, but go to her each time I visit my parents there. The color is even and looks so natural that my friends are always surprised when I say it's a spray tan. My only request is she opens up a salon in the DC metro area! Highly recommend!
5	Very professional, nice even tan
1	I thought maybe I had found a place I could go and get a great spray tan but sadly, this isn't so. I done everything I was told and didn't shower until the next day. When I changed clothes that night(I kept my bra off like I was told to do) there was no color at all in that area. I have patches all over my body where the spray either wasn't applied or something went really wrong. The color I got turned out to be an ugly orange color. I definitely wouldn't go again or recommend it.
5	Love, love, love Erika!  She is very professional and friendly and knows her stuff.  By far, the most natural looking spray tan I've ever received.   Her spray tan solution is the only solution that doesn't cause a red rash-like reaction on my skin . Try out Erika. You will not be disappointed.
5	I came here to get a tan before heading off to Mexico for vacation. Let me just say, my tan was PERFECT. I would get one every other week if I could afford it! Erika was fantastic. She made me feel super comfortable and explained the process well. She is truly an artist. I will never go back to booth spray tans. I can't wait for my next special occasion, just so I have an excuse to come back!
