1	Classic bad customer experience. Really bad customer service and over all experience. I bought the groupon now for a $10 private training or group training session and was so excited to for a good work out with a trainer. I've belonged to other gyms and have had wonderful experience with other personal trainers. I called bright and early and Seth was good at responding efficiently and we set up a time for later that morning. I showed up and the equipment was a little old and worn (the lady next to me on the stair machine said her machine was broken) but whatever its not the equipment that counts its the trainer. He had me do 5 minutes of warm up cardio and a 15 minute assesment so we he could see where my level of fitness was at. After I completed the assessment, he continued to ask me if I would be interested in training at his gym after our session and I politely said No because it was so far from where I live. At this point he said "Okay thank you for coming in, there's nothing else I can do for you." I replied that the groupon was for an hour and didn't mention anything about having to continue service with him or at that gym to receive an hour of personal training and he could please show me anything else. He refused and sent me on my way. I spent a total of 20 minutes there. Don't waste you time on this groupon or on this trainer.
5	Real workout with real results.  In just a couple of shorts weeks I have already noticed a difference and friends have noticed a change in my shape.  Following his method of weight training and customized meal plans my strength and endurance have increased tenfold.  Seth's professionalism, expertise,  and commitment to his clients make him stand out above all others.  I no longer feel any apprehension but actually look forward to getting my butt kicked every morning.  If you are looking for a great trainer who will motivate you to be your best, Seth Thurston is the right choice.
5	I've had such a great experience with Thurston Personal Training. He sets a customized meal plan to help you attain your specific goals, his group workouts are rigorous, and the results couldn't be better. In 5 weeks I have lost 9 pounds and I'm starting to see muscle definition. If you're looking for an out of shape trainer (you know- the one with the pot belly) go to a chain gym, if you're looking for an experienced, knowledgeable trainer/competitor go to Thurston.  Thanks for kicking my butt Seth!
5	Seth and his staff of trainers are the best of the best! TPT trainers are not like trainers at a "membership gym".  You will get very personalized service and they will watch to make sure you are doing the exercises correctly so you don't injure yourself. You will be provided a meal plan to help you reach your goal in an achievable time with the results YOU want. TPT has members of all different ages and sizes so you don't have to feel worried if you are a newbie like me. The staff and trainers are friendly, and encouraging and will get you motivated to work out to your full potential and achieve even more than you thought you could compared to working out alone. TPT is much more affordable than I thought. If you are serious about getting healthy and getting results you should come see Seth. Not only will you do the right exercises to get results quick, but you will be educated as to why his formula of food and training REALLY WORK!! I am on my second week with TPT snd i just want to say thank you TPT for getting me motivated and healthy. I love this new journey we have started!!
5	I am a shared owner of a party planning business always party planning and I had the pleasure of coordinating the grand opening of Thurston's personal training gym.  I pride myself in getting to know a client personally and I had the pleasure of meeting Seth the owner during an open training session.  He worked with me and my husband personally one on one and listened to my concerns and needs.  Seth customized and modified an exercise that would alleviate pain in my knees.  Himself and other clients are very motivating making you feel right at home.  Everyone is on different stages of athletic ability but he welcomes you in with open arms and immediately you feel like you are part of the family.  Not only do you interact physically in the personal training studio but also outside of the studio by participating in  sports as a group such as kick ball and volleyball. I highly recommend having Seth and his staff  as personal trainers you will not be disappointed but remember no pain no gain.
5	In June 2013 I decided to make my health a top priority.  At that time I was a complete mess. I couldn't climb a flight of stairs without being out of breath.  I had joined 24 hour and quickly became disappointed with the trainers.  My experience was that they were unreliable and often times did not practice what they preached.  Let's face it , it's hard enough to get started but when you pay high rates for training and not get what you pay for, it's very easy to just give up and go eat some muffins at paradise bakery! So I get hooked up with Stephen and it has truly been an amazing journey at TPT.  I started at 207 pounds and a size 36 inch waists and zero energy and confidence.  July 12, I will be competing in my second mens masters physique competition.  I am 57 and I do it for the fun and it's great to have as a goal.  But what is important to me are the people that support you on a journey.  Stephen, Seth, Aaron, Steven q., Jayson are the absolute best.  I have met a lot of wonderful people there.  Everyone has a story to tell.  There is so much inspiration and motivation at TPT.   These guys are the real deal.  Give them a try you won't regret it.
5	An great facility! Seth & Stephen are welcoming and determined to get you the results you are striving for. They keep you accountable by making sure you come in and follow your meal plan. Both are always available for questions and concerns. The other members are like a family and there to help you in anyway possible. I highly recommend TPT to anyone wanting results and a place you enjoy going to each day.
5	In May 2014, I went on a search to find a workout partner...simply to help keep me motivated.  What I found was Seth at TPT, and group training.  For the longest time, my body and weight were stagnant.  Even though I was trying everything...I wasn't seeing any positive changes and I was losing motivation. I went for my physical assessment on May 12th and it's been an amazing transition so far!  I literally saw results in the first two weeks of training...and my physical energy is through the roof!! It doesn't matter what age or level of fitness you're at, Seth and the trainers at TPT are extremely knowledgeable about customizing the training and diet specifically for what YOU need...without breaking the bank either!  I've gained so many great things since joining the TPT family...great training, great results, great friends and on my way to a great body!!!
5	I've been training with Steven Q 3x a week for a little over two months now and love my results! Steven is a positive motivator and really pushes me to reach my fitness goals. He keeps the workouts fun and keeps my form in check. Seth's meal plan has also been a key to my success. I really appreciate that he took the time to make a plan I could commit to. I couldn't be happier with my decision to train at TPT!
5	I started training 4 weeks ago with Seth. The first few sessions were tough. I began getting stronger right away, and appreciated the encouragement from Seth. I am well on my way to reaching my goals and actually really look forward to the 5:30 am workouts! Thanks to Seth for helping me get my body and strength back!
