5	Soft opening is amazing! Food is outstanding, great beer choices, and you will definitely find us here daily for happy hour! Great job on the new place!
5	The soft opening was a great experience. Staff is really nice, place is super clean and modern and the food is fantastic. Looking forward to the live music and patio. I definitely recommend spending some time here whether you're hungry or just looking for somewhere to have a beer and some great food. Enjoy!
5	Very good food!  The hot wings are very delicious.  The "Wild Blond" beer is soooooo good.  My wife had a steak cooked medium well..... melted in the mouth.  Carnitas tacos with black beans are so worth the trip!  Flat screens TV's all over the place and the decor is spot on with a modern flare.  Plenty of parking in back of restaurant.
5	My friends and I took our kids to Sunday brunch.  The restaurant has lots of TVs, games and a kids corner.  The kids had fun playing ski ball and playing in the little kids corner.  The service was great and staff was friendly.  All of our food was delicious.  Definitely a great spot to catch the game!
5	Short and sweet... Thank you Eric and Ryan. Mushroom burger and wild brat both fantastic. Great beer selection:) awesome addition to the neighborhood. Will be back with again soon.
5	We had a great experience at this new restaurant. Located in the up-and-coming Foote Addition Neighborhood of Central Phoenix, the food was way better than we expected.  We started with the Wild Boar Sliders and the Steak and Fontina Quesadillas.  Both were excellent. I ordered the Rabbit Sloppy Joe and my husband ordered the Bison Beef and Bacon Burger. I was surprised at how good both were. Portions were large and prices very reasonable. The front glass windows open for cooler nights and there are plenty of TVs to watch the various sports games playing. They also had a good happy hour menu. Parking is in the back. Overall, very impressed and we will definitely be back.
5	If you like sports bars, The Wild Game Sports Grill not only has lots of TV's, but the Head Chef is REALLY choosy about the quality of what he serves, and I take the point of view that if they can't do the basics, the rest of the menu is moot. best burger and a unique Cole's slaw I have hung a lip over in a long time...Can't wait to take my Lovely Wife over to try the rest of the menu. Just east of 24th Street on the south side of Thomas in Phoenix, AZ. Go early, the parking is skimpy though.  Kevin V.
5	Great grub and good service. This place is has a great atmosphere and everyone is really friendly. Definitely go with the calamari and wings and my wild boar chopped salad hit the spot. Great place to watch the game with all the big screens
5	This place is NOT your average sports bar... the food quality is to die for. The flavor profiles are top notch. We tried a lot of  things when we went.. their wings are roasted and you can taste the difference. The only thing I would change about them is the cooking time.  If they were cooked a little longer they would've been perfect. The burger with bison in it was amazing! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. We will definitely be returning.
4	I went here Thursday night at 8:30 and the place was fairly busy. The location is good. It has plenty of TV's to call it self a  a true good sports grill. When I had initially arrived I wasn't greeted in the normal matter I would get at restaurant.  This may be due to multiple entry points or lack of front house support.. When I finally did get a servers attention I asked where I could sit and she said anywhere is fine.  I eventually found myself in the main dinning area where they have an enormous screen for the main game that was on.  The seats are comfortable and table was clean and sturdy.I had sat there for almost five minutes before the server arrived at my table to drop off a menu and took my drink order.  I ordered a Kilt Lifter. After the server put the drink in, she never came back to the table until the drink was ready, which was almost another 5 minutes. I was never asked if I had come here before or if I had any questions or if I wanted to start with an appetizer.  I had asked the server opinion if I should order the Pastrami Burger or the Pan Roasted chicken.  She was kind dumbfounded and didn't really know how to answer questions, but said that she had seem a lot of people order the Pastrami burger. So I had Order the Calamari for an appetizer, Pastrami burger with the Garlic Bacon Fontina Mac. The food was was outstanding.  It came out of the kitchen full of flavor.  The Calamari was crispy and the dipping sauce was good. The Pastrami burger was amazing.  You could taste every element of the burger. From the juicy Pastrami to the  tangy slaw and the dressing on the burger.  I thought the burger was going to messy, but surprisingly it was well maintained and never fell apart due to the good quality bread and the right amount of dressing and construction of the burger. It was also cooked to perfection. The Garlic Bacon Fontina Mac was good but not great.  During my experience the manager came by and asked how the food was and made sure he stop by and touched every table within my eye view.  Also while I was there a game had become a blow out and they changed the channel to a more competitive and entertaining game, which was much appreciated by the guest.  I also noticed a kids section/corner,  where they had a small tv with kids movies, games, and other things.  Something you wouldn't find at a normal restaurant, but I am sure that is appreciated by other guest. . After paying my bill and leaving a tip the server thanked me and then follow up by introducing herself at the end, which I found odd, since that is something I would expect her to do when she first comes over to the table to drop off the menu's..All and all, the food is amazing, the atmosphere is good, but the service is something that needs to be improved. I will definitely come back to give it another go, I just hope that the servers step there game up or else this could be a problem for them.
5	Great food!!! Great service!!! Very good prices. Bacon cheese burger to die for, pesto ceasar salad the bomb and the smoked wings are crazy good.
3	Awesome beer selection! Food was good; the wings were tasty and actually had a lot of meat. I had the maple old fashioned and fell in love with it. I docked two stars because it's supposed to be a sports bar, and with two exciting football games and baseball playoffs on, they brought in a live band. The band was good, but come on! I couldn't even pay attention to my games with the volume. The service was a bit lacking as well. Long waits for drinks and just to be checked on. If you're going to be a sports bar, be a sports bar. No live music during game times, please. I would have left if I'd known they were doing that.
1	Sunday 11am. My husband and I walked into the "sports grill" for Football Sunday, noticed the empty bar and attempted to take a seat. The lovely bartender tells us "the steeler game is over there" and points to a corner in the room. There were two people seated at a 20 top bar and you're turning us away?? The three tv's over the bar were all tuned to the same game. OK. We sat at in the corner we were directed after the hostess, who turned out to be our server, provided some off the mark excuse about why they can't change the tv's. Listen guys, I get the tv thing, but when your establishment is empty, you may want to consider bending the rules. Our server advised us that the lunch menu was beginning at 11 and their 9 item brunch menu until 12. As soon as I decide on my food choice, she rushes over to say we can't order lunch... At 11... I felt forced to order the breakfast burrito since 2 of the options included hot/cold cereal... Really? I have that at home. No lie. I really do. So after what seems to be a lifetime... I had to use the restroom. When I came back, apparently the manager had stopped by apologizing for the lunch menu not being available to us... Well me. He bought our meal before it arrived. Our food arrived and it looked gross. Tortilla barely cooked, eggs were rubbery and salsa was bland. Even though I was starving, I still only ate half. Now, the best part... While I finished my half of burrito, at 1145, the obnoxiously drunk table we were forced to sit next too got their food. Guess what they got?!? LUNCH!! Not just lunch, blt's. The specific menu item I wanted, yet denied. Also, I wasn't offered another cocktail until I was finished eating. I don't get the five star reviews. The food was not good. If it was taken care of already, I would have sent it back. Service was slow and the bartender was rude.  Maybe in six months I'll consider returning.... IF they are are open.
3	2 words: Cheese CurdsA great experience and I love the pastrami. Everyone has some type of wild game experience. Nothing like this really exist in Phoenix. Drinks were not overpriced. I look forward to going again and trying something new.I heard they've been open for about 2 weeks and if this place continue doing what it's doing I know it will be a staple of Central Phoenix. Nice people good service great food. Also it might be a bit empty because it's really new. But if you want really unique food and not a totally huge price this is a place to go.
5	I was looking for a sports bar to enjoy a beer, bite, and football before heading to the airport. This place hit the spot. I enjoyed the happy hour beer price with a nice wild game brat. As for the football, the tv and audio is set up well. An added bonus are all the outlets and USB charges throughout the place.  Already recommended it to others and I'll be back. One note, plenty of parking in back where the main entrance can be found.
5	My uncle and I came in for Sunday night football, had some beers and burgers. Our waitress was Shelbi. She was super nice and accommodating. We enjoyed the service, the beer, the food and the place in general. I asked for an IPA from the bar and when the beer came that wasn't what I thought it'd be, they replaced it no problem. Nice to find this place and neighborhood folk should check it out! I bet Saturday  college football would be amazing here.
4	Great addition to the neighborhood! Went last night for drinks & heavily enjoyed the bar. My husband had the wings and rabbit sloppy joe. Both fantastic! They also have ski ball which was a blast. Go immediately!
4	LOVED IT! So after a rough Thursday, I was looking forward to watching my Giants clinch the NCLS, glancing at the Jets vs Pats game and catching the tail-end of a happy hour with the hubby.Wild Game delivered on all 3... So here's the thing...they smoke their wings (and if you ask nicely, they will put them on the grill to make them extra crispy for ya!)...these may have been THE BEST chicken wings I've ever had. We went with the "Hot, Honey and Hoppy" wings (they are sauced with an IPA syrup, honey and tabasco blend that is PHENOMENAL.) We also split the pastrami burger w/ fries. Not only was the customer service stellar, but the food was delicious! The smokiness of the wings is perfect and balanced very well with the sauce.The guy next to us, a self-professed connoisseur of all things super spicy, ordered their hot wings with a side of extra-hot sauce...one bite and his face turned orange. After gulping some Coconut Joe's beer, he was able to articulate that he was impressed.(And my Giants won (of course!), but I'm certain that this tidbit of info has not skewed my review). I'm so happy they moved into the neighborhood!
5	They are doing so much right with the food. You can tell they take their time to make sure everything is well prepared. I mean they smoke their wings and make all the sauces by hand! Not I mention all the great local beers they have on tap. Four Peaks pumpkin porter? Don't mind if I do...
4	Welcome to the neighborhood! Just on the outskirts of Arcadia, but is as urban and modern as they come! This is my go-to spot for ice cold beer on tap, football, and to get my wings on with their Honey Hot bbq sauce! The best on the planet! If you're looking for a cool sports bar, with a hot visual aid--that be Madison working the bar, and the owner (Ryan) making his rounds to make sure that his guests are satisfied, then you can't go wrong here! Oh, and they have USB ports to charge your phone at the bar, and at some of the booths! AWESOME!If you're up to trying different food, like Buffalo and wild boar, then you want to give it a go here! They have wild boar and buffalo!
5	In town for the weekend, stayed at the Embassy Suites, Wild Game Sports Grill was just down the street.  The chipotle chicken taco are awesome, tasted just like the menu described, good chips and salsa with guacamole too.  Great beer selection, Scott was the bartender nice guy.
5	Great new place to catch the game. Awesome staff who take care of you from the moment you walk in. Not your "run of the mill" menu either. There are unique and delicious menu options with great beers on tap too. Highly recommend this place.
5	Delish! Coming from a foodie. Unique food and amazing drinks. Atmosphere is not what I expected from a sports bar, it's so much more. Family oriented as well, brought the kiddos, they played while we enjoyed ourselves with friends!
3	When we got there the place was empty and I found it amusing there were more TVs than people in the place. The food was kind of bland and over cooked but still perfectly edible and the portions were large enough. I think they just need a few more weeks to get used to being open and refine their menu a little bit!
5	15-20 min commute from my house.  Easy commute, great sporty but classy atmosphere. It's a great place to hang out with your family and/or your buddies.  LOVED the rabbit sloppy joe and THAT IS SAYING A LOT (for me)...because a) I usually don't enjoy a sloppy joe and b) was a little skittish about trying rabbit meat BUT HONESTLY, it was the BEST sloppy joe I have ever had in my life.The BLT is AMAZING. Wild Boar Bacon??? Are YOU kidding me????!!!!!! BEST ever BLT in PHX, period.I think anyone posting lower ratings or "stars" are just experiencing the "learning curve" that occurs with new restaurants.  Jeez, give them a chance to perfect their vision.
5	Great place for Sunday NFL football breakfast. Great food and good service to boot. The Cronut French Toast is to die for and their mimosas are champagne-heavy yum. We snacked our way through the lunch menu and enjoyed the nachos, burgers, wings, and tacos - all made with a variety of yummy game meats. This kid-friendly bar has ski-ball and stand-up video games too so bring the fam. Love it and will be back!!
4	Back again last Sunday and service was MUCH improved.  And our server didn't look like he was getting his ass kicked, which was nice to see.  Man, the wings are good!!
5	Amazing food, amazing service. Not a bad thing to say. Definitely will be back. Got the B3 burger which melted like butter in your mouth. Not many places are brave enough to serve some of these unique offerings, and they do it well.
5	Great new place....foods great....great staff....All around awesome!!!! This place is Frickin amazing...thanks Ryan!!!!
5	I'm always looking for a good sports bar with plenty of TVs and good food. Wild Game fits the bill. Try the Hot, Honey, Hoppy wings! Great service and awesome food.
2	Tonight was my second visit and last. I don't like to bad mouth local businesses, but I have a big problem with this place. First off, if you look on their website they advertise that they show every Pac-12 and Big 10 football game. That's funny, because tonight when I went in they didn't have on Stanford vs Utah or Michigan State vs Maryland. What's even worse, they didn't even have on Notre Dame, who by the way was playing a Big 10 team or Auburn vs Georgia (two teams ranked in the top 15). That's Notre Dame football and the ESPN SEC Saturday night football game and I have to ask to put them both on? Think about that. I had to ask the manager to put on ESPN for me. At sports bar or grill whatever you want to call it....Are you kidding me? That's just bad.More so there wasn't sound from the games - instead they play cheesy music like Bon Jovi (Bad Medicine nonetheless) and Tom Petty - songs you've heard a million times before. I came in to watch football - not listen to cheese! Speaking of sound - On my first visit - the owner felt the need to have the the Cowboys vs Giants game with sound on the big screen instead of the Cardinals game. Mind you, that's the first place Arizona Cardinals were are talking about! The local team - hello??? Not cool. Food is totally hit or miss. The servers are friendly and there aren't enough televisions either. Lots of unused wall space and TV's could be bigger. Hard to see more than one TV at once. Yes, they have nice bathrooms and a children's corner, but that's about the best things regarding the interior. Get it together or you'll be going out-of-business. On this second visit, the place was dead on a Saturday night at dinner time.
5	Came here on Sunday afternoon for some wings, beer and Cardinals football! The owner was extremely accommodating to every guest and made sure that everyone who came in could watch their favorite teams, although most TVs and the sound were on the Cardinals game. The space itself is beautifully remodeled. There are dozens of TVs all over the place and you could easily watch several games at once no matter where you sat. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very accommodating and I never had an empty glass. I had the classic wings and they were incredible. I've never had smoked wings before, but I am now a convert.  They have a variety of craft, local, and domestic beers on tap, and for great prices. It was a great new place to watch football and I am happy to have them in the neighborhood!
5	Great atmosphere! Plenty of TVS for sports, and wide variety of beer! Bison quesadilla was delicious!!! Place is new! Check it out!!!
4	Thx guys.The beer was tasty and the street tacos were awesome.  My lady says the salmon tacos were the best but I preferred the bison. Thx again and see you soon.
2	MY RATING HAS TO DO WITH THE SERVICE NOT THE FOOD. THE FOOD WOULD GET 5 STARS EASILY!Starting off positive, the food was excellent! I ordered the Roasted Chili Glaze wings and they were, BY FAR, the best I have ever had! The other guests in my party ordered the Hot, Honey, and Hoppy wings, and the Southwest Americana burger. I tried both of those, and they were delicious. The wings had a nice kick to them without being overwhelming and the burger was the same way. The goat cheese balanced out the gigantic, fried pepper perfectly. QUALITY ingredients and well sized portions. For the food only, I will be visiting again.Now for the reason I gave a 2-star rating. It was a busy afternoon because of the ASU vs U of A game, so I figured service might take a little longer than normal. However, the amount of time we waited and the lack of attention our waiter gave to us was not what it should have been even with it being busy.We started off ordering beers and that came out to us at a reasonable time. Then our waiter, Scott, took our order. We put in for the wings, burgers, and an appetizer (chips and salsa) to start us off. After 10-12 minutes of waiting I started to look for Scott walking around the restaurant to grab his attention and ask for our chips, but he was no where to be found. And the few times I caught a glimpse of him walking around, he never visited our table. Our meal took about 18 minutes or so to come out, which was fine wit me, but he never gave us our appetizer or even acknowledged that he forgot it. About 10 minutes into dinner, one of my guest's wanted a refill for the beer but again, our waiter was no where around. When he finally came to our table about 3 minutes later, another one of my guest's asked for a water (that he forgot to bring from the beginning) and before the guest who wanted a beer could even ask, Scott walked away too fast to even get a word out. By that time, we just had our mind on getting the check. It took another 10 minutes to get the check processed because Scott hadn't come back to get our check, so we gave it to another waitress to get it done. Overall, we felt like we were the guests shoved into the corner and forgotten about. In my opinion, there were not enough staff working for how many people were there. That could have attributed to the lack of service and minimal attention needed to serve our table.
5	Great sports bar!! This is my third time here.  Tvs r great,  service has always been good. Food is a little different meaning it's not like all other placed. The chili was as good as I ever had, salsas has its on flavor and my crew said the burgers were awesome! ! Starting to b a regular spot to hang,  drink,  eat and watch sports.
3	good.
5	Checked this place out at the recommendation of a friend and I wasn't disappointed. The menu has some fun big game items like wild boar and pork carnitas street tacos, rabbit sloppy joe, and so much more.  For those of you with a sweet tooth try the cronut desert.  They offer a weekend brunch from 9-12 and a reverse happy hour that starts at ten.  If you want a flavorful spicy addition to your meal try the habanero hot sauce. This is also a great place to catch a ball game or to hang out with friends while enjoying drinks and the fun of wild game without having the work of the hunt.
4	I've been here 3 times in the last month so I decided it was time to write my review! Wild Game is an awesome spot to catch happy hour, a sporting event on tv, or even a nice meal. Each time I've gone I've ordered the wings, which to my surprise were actually smoked before being tossed in the sauce of your choice. The sauce options are all very interesting, yet extremely tasty! If interesting isn't your thing, stick with the classic, even those are incredible. The rest of the menu looks very appealing, but I love ordering wings and beer when I'm watching football, so I haven't strayed much.I docked one star for sporadic and somewhat unattentive service. I understand that Wild Game is still new on the bar scene, and hopefully these kinks will be smoothed out in the near future. Either way, I foresee many return visits in my very near future!
2	This place was fun until one of the owners took out the skee ball machine because our group kept winning the $.50 beers all night long. Thanks and won't be going to this bar again.
5	Good food, drinks, sports and outlets for us technology slaves? I think, yes!After some unfortunate and poor service at the previous bar I was at with Stacy M., Wild Game Grill came to the rescue. I got a Redbull Vodka, tried the Rootbeer Shot and a small dessert to share. I was torn between dessert, but I went with the Wild Berry Crumble which was warm, slight spice with a yummy breading all a la mode. The crumble wasn't a typical butter and flour, but more bready which I'm all for- it was heart warming!Ryan the bartender/owner was a delight to talk to and did a great job talking to everyone at the bar and told me about his business. There's a good amount of TVs to watch any sports or games and there are outlets every where around the place. I believe there is free wifi as well.Can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu! I heard there's ski ball too. /squeals.
5	Ready, set, go...it's another new bar and grill in the cenpho area.  It's a new concept, too. Somewhat 'rustic, outdoors loving dudes bringing beer and sports to you?'First impression was meh.  I was not overwhelmed by the decor and the low end cabinets / bar atmosphere.  In fact, it seemed a little plain and somewhat off putting in comparison to the fancier / hip bars in the area.  It was late, and we didn't have a lot of time left before closing, so we determine to push through the bland decor.  Then we met Ryan. The second impression on this place far exceeded my expectations - it actually blew me away.  Ryan (I think that was his name) was super helpful, nice and very attentive. He learned our names, used them often, and made recommendations for late night snacks and drinks.  He was very thoughtful and super attentive to the bar and the restaurant. He made it his business to know EVERYONE by first name - yes - EVERY single person who sat at the bar...even us newbies.For that reason I now know the first name of the very drunk fellow who sat by me at the bar.  He tried to pay his tab with fake money ('Bourbon Bucks'), which the bartender politely gave back. Then he didn't sort his own money and shoved it across the bar towards Ryan somewhat indiscriminately.  Ryan slowly straightened each bill and only took the amount necessary (rounded down to the nearest paper dollar) for his tab.  It was so kind I wanted to hug the bartender for being such a sweet soul.What happened next really made my day...the bartender called my friend a cab.  He refused to let him drive home and he even confirmed that the fellow had been safely stowed away in the cab with fare and addresses exchanged.  Now for the food.  It was darn good for late night bar food.  Smoked wings, with a dry rub! My favorite.  General helpings too! Chips and Artichoke Dip.  Yummy and homemade as well. Everything tasted fresh. It was really a nice experience to eat there and I hope we can come back for the food during the day! :-)We will definitely be back..So this was originally a 4 Star, but the bartenders service was so remarkable and unique, I am going with a 5 star.
5	It's a great new place upscale then other bars around , and a great selections of beers. Many tvs and a big screen projector for the games!.
5	So delicious! This place is a neighborhood hit. We started with BBQ Bison Sliders (amazing!) and sweet potato fries to share and that was almost enough for two for the night. Still we were tempted by the Wild BLT, because bacon. Moscow Mules were a little overly citrus tasting for my liking but still good. Our service was outstanding. The food came out freaky fast. The only issue was that we were sitting at the first hightop near the door and hostess booth facing the big screen on the opposite wall. The hostess with blue glasses kept pacing with an unpleasant face in front of the game. Luckily her shift ended before the game, so we got our clear view back. My friends and I will definitely visit again.
4	Excellent food, great staff. Been here 3 times and love it. Fantastic atmosphere. Vegetarian options for the girl! Will be back many times!
5	Expensive, but worth it (occasionally). Great service and outstanding and interesting food.
4	I have dined at the Wild Game Grill a dozen or more times over the past decade, and am delighted to report it is still a great experience.
5	The restaurant favored by VIPs Americans. Famous and hardly booked. Small and intimate. Very well attended. I ate very well. The raw materials are excellent and the kitchen and 'style Phoenix nouvelle cuisine. a nice blend America- france. The prices are high, in my opinion worth a penalty, especially if the person you go and 'very special I went there with my son, the more' special of all to go and you will understand me and 'liked
5	Great place to get a drink and have some food. Tried the smothered fries which is vension and elk chili over fries. For dinner I had the wild game BLT which is boar bacon, duck bacon with avocado, lettuce, tomato. Definitely our new favorite place and its only around the corner
3	Lost my first review, Okay place.
5	The entrance is on Ontario St. The  Wild Game Grill is on the second floor but there are escalators. Loved the decor. It was light and airy with floor to ceiling windows and high ceilings. The menu is huge with many interesting items. The portions were generous. Pricing is reasonable. The service was terrific. Then we got to dessert. Each couple in our party decided to share dessert and thank goodness we did. The serving size was huge. We will definitely come back on our next visit to Phoenix.
5	Great food and service. Had my son's 18th Birthday party there. And my family love the food. The smoked wigs and hunters Nachos are awesome. Love the kids play area. My grandson enjoyed kids area.
4	So glad we found the Wild Game Grille. Fun atmosphere, great service and delicious food! Something different & unique. You have to try it. I highly recommend the chili and sliders.
