2	Nestled near Paramount's Carowinds, we figured we would stop in for a bite to eat.  As we neared, we saw signs advertising that kids eat free, which is always a bonus.  As we got in, we found out that actually two kids eat free with each adult entree.  If, however, kids eat off the buffet, they get a discounted buffet with each adult buffet.  Which is a little odd, but whatever.Sunday, at least, has a brunch buffet, which includes not only pizza, but several types of pasta, multiple meats, mussels, a nice salad bar, and a pretty good selection of breakfast-type foods as well.The food isn't bad, but is fairly mundane - nothing really stands out.  The service started off okay, but it went downhill fast.  Oftentimes glasses stood empty, food (for those who ordered entrees) arrived one at a time rather than altogether, and there was general disarray.  The outside of the place looked like they opened recently, so it may be that they are having growing pains - but since we aren't often in the area, I'm not sure if we'll give it another chance.  If we do, I'll update the rating accordingly.
1	absolutly nasty. the chicken parm was gross. tasted like canned sauce. supposedly you get 2 free kids meals with purchase of one adult entree. even though I did not eat my chicken parm I was still charged for it and the 3 childrens items ordered. The manager questioned me on the food and I told him that i have had much better, his concern was whether I was a local or not. If you want good italian food- don't eat here! A true Italian would be ashamed to eat here, not fresh, not worth the agony of trying the food. Prices were high for the quality and portions, plus the fact that they don't honor what the menu states- free kids meals- I guess not unless you ask for it.
4	Sometimes i love when i don't check Yelp before going somewhere because i may have glanced at the 2-star rating and moved on. We ended up here at the end of a great, uncrowded day at Carowinds drawn in of course by the $5.99 buffet (with drink purchase) sign, dollar more if you just want water.  As you enter there is a very attractive bar to the right and around the way a large dining area.. There were three different pastas that i thought were very good, as were the meatballs. Excellent breadsticks. The sauteed veggies were tasty too. Pizza was just average in my book.  The buffet had a good selection of pizza and pasta, as well as a salad bar and some dessert breadsticks. Our server was on top of every drink refill and quick to take away dirty plates. The kind of buffet service that deserves a good tip despite having to get your own food. Manning the buffet was a little old Italian lady who was on top of anything running low. In my head, she must have been responsible for bringing her recipes all the way from Italy. For a dollar more than you'd pay at CiCi's pizza (i think), this place was a perfect way to fill up after a day at Carowinds. As much as you want Italian goodness for a fair price.
3	One of the things I've developed an obsession with since moving south is pizza buffets. I love 'em. The idea of 'em. The dried out slice, mediocre iceburg salad bar, all of it. Bottled Italian dressing, labeled as homemade. That isn't the case here, however, so don't worry. Papa Pino's is a solid pizza buffet - and extremely cheap. Veg friendly in that they'll make you a veggie pie if none are out, and the salad bar is small, but decent. Good dressing selection. Breadsticks were yum. Several veg pastas on offer when we went (at 3 in the afternoon, even!). Service was very casual but A-Ok. Unsweet tea (don't shoot me!) was flavorful and refreshing. Space was cavernous and dingy-Olive Garden. Totally a place I'd hit again.
3	I used to work on that side of town, and would eat there fairly regularly. It's like any buffet, if you get there when they're busy, there's usually a pretty good selection of fresh pasta and pizza. Go when it's not lunch or dinner, and you'll find less selection, and not as fresh, but overall, a pretty good choice for the money. I would recommend at least checking it out if you're on that side of town and craving italian/pizza buffet.
1	It's out of business.  Nuff said
