4	Best nails is conveniently located in Summerlin near the 24 hour fitness. The staff is friendly and the salon is clean and affordable .Tracy is my favorite nail technician there. I love that I can get in generally with not much wait and I am out the door in about an hour with a great  pedicure with a nice foot massage and manicure.  They use OPI and Essie nail colors.
5	On my 2nd visit to Best Nails I got in right away, staff is friendly and competent. I brought my BF in and he got a pedicure as well. We like the nice massage chairs at the pedicure station. There's a TV in front of the pedicure chairs so you can catch up on current events. One of the nail technicians overhead my BF saying something about wifi and the technician asked me if I wanted to use their wifi! How sweet! He even punched in the key for me. I will definitely be back! Fast, convenient, close!
4	New to the area and thanks to yelp I found Best Nails. Got right in without an appointment on a busy Sunday afternoon. They made me feel welcome and the massage chairs are very nice. After seeing the calluses on my feet the lady handed me a price list, which most places wouldn't, and suggested a pedi that helps remove calluses. Because she was upfront about it I agreed. I enjoyed the pedi and will be returning for another. Thank you Best Nails for making my feet look and feel better.
4	I have tried a couple nail salons in the Summerlin area and this one is my favorite.Though they take walk-ins I always call and make an appointment this was I get the nail tech I want and wont have to wonder if I have to wait or not.They have price lists right as you walk in which I really like. The salon is clean and staff friendly. I do think they do a very good pedi. If you combine the mani/pedi it is actually cheaper unlike most salons.I do have a couple gripes. I have been getting my nails done for years and never once was I told that I needed to get a new "full set" every month and a half. When the nail tech mentioned it to me I said no, I want a nail fill and that is it. I told her that if she puts on a good nail to begin with then it should not be a problem.Also, the brushes we scrub with right before we get paint needs to be a bit more sanitary. All in all this location can meet your needs at an affordable price.
5	I called to make an appointment to get my eye brow, lip and chin waxed (yes,I know..lol) But I made the appointment same day for 11:15 and got there around 11:10 and was greeted promptly. Ivy was the lady who helped me. The building is very nice and clean, kinda small but still clean.She even put down paper for my head to rest on like they use at the hospital. I loved my eyebrows and the rest of my face was hair free. I will be back for a mani pedi soon:)everything cost me $35.00
4	Very reasonably priced and good service. The place didn't have the cleanest methods but the service and quality were good so i might just bring my own equipment and go back.
1	If I could give no stars, I would. Lousy lousy service. Don't bother making an appointment, they wont honor it. They are prone to injuring patrons by  overeager gouging while trimming nails. The manicures last maybe a day due to their using shit products. Attitude of staff only marginally better. Overall a waste of the gas to drive here.
1	I just got back from vacation and found out my daughter and her friend went here to get their nails done and spent $110!!!  My daughter got a new set with gel polish and was charged $60!  Her friend received a manicure only with gel polish and was charged $40.  I get my nails done all the time and never pay this much.  I feel my daughter and her friend were over charged because they were young and didn't know any better.  She will never visit this shop again!
3	Very good mani-pedi for her. I thought the price was a bit steep for me to do the pedi here, so I ended up not going through with my appointment.In a nice little mall within the Trailwoods Mall. They were busy, and the place looked good. Maybe if I hit the jackpot, I'll be back!   Price is the only reason I say 3, not 4 stars. Bear in mind, I'm comparing this to the place I know in L.A. which looks to be on par with Best Nails.
1	If you want your feet to even be somewhat smooth, do not go here. Their $25 pedicure is merely a polish change and hot water soak.
5	I went in with my friend a couple weeks ago for pedicures.  We were super last minute with no appointment, but they managed to get us two pedi chairs next to each other, with basically no wait time.  I thought that was great for coming in on a busy Saturday afternoon! I loved the awesome massage chairs.  They were also able to fit in a manicure for my friend.  We were both extremely pleased with our nails.  I am a runner and need my callouses, and my artist did a perfect job on my feet.  I still have it today with no chips whatsoever, even after I accidentally spilled wall paint all over them. I'm not sure why people complained about the prices, they seemed very reasonable to me. They have to make a living somehow right? Best Nails has a great location, awesome atmosphere, and super nice and friendly staff. I'll definitely be back.
5	True enough, they exceeded my expectations. I will definitely come back here and be a regular. The salon is squeaky clean, very calm, and I love the interior.The girls that work here are absolutely adorable and they are all really sweet. Your gel manicure lasts about 3-4 weeks. They are SO MUCH CUTER than just manicure with ugly flowers that typical nail salons do.
4	I took myself, my mom, and my stepdaughter to Best Nails for mani pedis last weekend. When we got there they were super busy; and since it was only about a half hour to closing, I figured we were probably going to be lucky to be taken in for manicures only. But no, the lady who greeted me said not to worry and that they'd take care of the full requested service for all three of us no problem. They then proceeded to do a nice, unrushed job on all three of us. We were all pleased with the results and will definitely be back.
2	The best feeling is coming out of a nail spa and admiring your freshly done nails...this was not the case. Costumer service was non existing, felt I unwelcome and service was rushed. I will not be returning.
5	I moved to Las Vegas from mesquite and shortly after so did my nail tech from mesquite. Small world! NINI is amazing! She has been doing my nails for like 7 years! She is great I love her wish she was closer to where I live but I drive clear across town for her. Business location is in a very nice summerlin area the rest of staff very nice. No complaints
4	My mom went to this nail shop all the time a few years ago. She was always happy about the shop and how her nails came out.After getting hired down the street at a dental office I thought we should go back. The service was fast. We were both walk ins & was helped right away. My nail lady didn't talk to me much but it's okay. She did a great job on my gel nails and the other nail tech did a great job on my moms pink & whites. A little pricey but worth it!!!!
1	I came in here based on some reviews but beware... I needed a gel color top coat. I have been getting gel color for the past two years and this place charges 40$ just for a gel color manicure. So I asked them why it was so expensive as to other places I have been to in the past two years have charged 25$. The owner I guess said "Well we do a good job and we use OPI." I replied "Well your technician cut me while taking the color off and other places use OPI as well. I always get OPI color."She then told me If you don't want to get it then go somewhere else. On top of that she insulted me by saying in front of the whole salon that I can't afford it go somewhere cheaper. Well I wish I would have known that before your technician cut me and started on my nails. I don't mind paying a lot to get my nails done if I was going to a high end spa!!! Not some stupid place that does acrylic nails! WTF! I just moved to Vegas so I was trying places out. I am still looking for a place that does great nails. I guess here in vegas peole get away with scamming people because It's population is so low and hardly any competition. I come from LA where girls are crazy and reputation says a lot about a place. I told the lady that I am a customer and have every right to ask questions about their prices and services. She then started talking to the t
5	Absolutely love this place. Located in the quiet hills of summerlin.. and right next to Rachel's kitchen, double bonus! All the technicians are sweet and talented. My gels always last 2-3 weeks and I'm a bartender, meaning my hands are constantly in water, soaked in alcohol and or citrus fruits. Only $40 for a gel full set and manicure. I see a few reviews on here complaining about the prices... I personally don't think $40 is bad for a manicure plus a gel full set that lasts 2-3 weeks.
