3	Interesting concept and one that was generating a lot of traffic from their mid-week mailer when we walked in. Zella's is sort of a pizza hybrid, a cross between a Barro's, Isa's and Little Caesar's.First, this place is cheap like Little Caesar's. Advertising a $5 one topping pizza is certainly a good deal. And despite the obvious 'upsale week' sign on the back freezer offering a $20 Chipotle gift card to the highest grossing employee, you can tell there is a definite culture of upselling built into their model. So much for the $5.Second, we chose to go with the NY style pizza, which was a bit larger, a bit thinner and a bit of a stretch to consider it NY style, but again, it's okay. I thought the crust and cheese to be very similar to Barro's- and for the approximately the same price.Lastly, this is no Isa's... If you're looking for real NY style- across the street is your place. But with real NY come real NY prices, so it's probably a preference thing. Real plus expensive? Isa's. Hungry plus cheap? Zella's. Tried and true favorite? Barro's.I wish these guys luck- you can never have too much pizza!
1	Yeah, not good... I was there on the first night, and have been back a few times. I never give a review after just one visit. The pizza's are maybe equal to Little Caesar's. I have to agree with an earlier review, Isa's, which is across the street, is much better but will cost more. If you need a few pizza's for a kids party, this place is good for you. They are cheap. The problem with that is that they even taste cheap. My wife has had the Meatball sub. It looked great. And she loved it. The bread was very good. For me, I am a cheesesteak fan.. Their "Famous Philly" is a joke. I give a bonus point for the cheese. The bread is very good.. It's the lack of any meat on the sub that makes it a joke. When you can bite into a philly you will never get all bread. I really wanted this place to rock. It is just 1.5 miles from my home. I can get a good cheesesteak and fries at a Packers bar on Bell and spend less..  If you want cheap and poor quality, go to Zella's. Best thing that has happened for this store is that Goodwill has opened up near by. That will keep them in business with people who can not afford good food.
4	We ordered the $5.00 pizza, after having shopped in Goodwill.  I am a proud Moon Valley resident - homeowner - multiple vehicles owner, so I am not some kind of trailer trash Moon Valley resident.  I love Goodwill, and Dollar Tree, but I digress...We walked in, and having never been there before, we were greeted by a friendly young lady, who answered our questions, never showing any impatience, and recommended, or at least told us, what crusts were the most popular.We went with a cheese with tomato (one item), and garlic crust - and it was good.  They told us the wait would be 10 minutes, and it was 10 minutes.  We had ordered it as a "take-out".  The crust was really garlic-y, and we enjoyed the pizza a lot.  The cheese was not greasy.  We will be back!  It was definitely better than Little Caesar's.  I would also be up for trying one of their sandwiches.  They looked pretty good, as a man near us, had ordered one, to eat there.UPDATE:  Placed another order:  Tomato pizza w/garlic crust, and ham pizza with Ranch crust.  My husband said the Ranch was really good.The pizza tastes even better the 2nd day..  :)
3	I don't consider Little Caesars edible. Zella's is 5 dollar pizza. It's edible. Again, it's 5 dollars. What were you expecting?
3	Little Ceasars is so gross. The pizzas sit there waiting in a heater for someone to order them. When I got my flyer in the mail I pretty much assumed it would be like a little Ceasars knock off. I was wrong. When I walked in I was greeted by a warm hello, the menu was explained to me and I decided to test out this $5 1 topping pizza. I was surprised to hear it would be a ten minute wait. Whaaaat? You are cooking these to order??? That's a good sign. The ranch is great ( yes i have to have it)and it was great pizza for $5.
5	Awesome service, pizza great value at $5, with free flavored crusts, incredible sandwiches made fresh and they use real Cheese Whiz on their philly's.  Fried pickles different but really good too.
1	I live nearby so I thought I'd try their wings. I was very disappointed. The wings were so small that it would take 3 wings to equal one regular sized wing. I won't be back.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!   -  I wish I could give a NEGATIVE rating !!! I got a flyer in the mail, so I called to place a delivery order. The kid who 1st answered the phone had no idea what he was doing or what the items were on his employers menu. Then he 'dropped' my order on the computer and couldnt read it back to me AFTER he screwed it up 3 times. I asked to speak to the manager. She got on the phone, fixed my order and gave me a subtotal then she added on the DELIVERY FEE of $3.50. told me it would be 45 mins to 1 hr for delivery. And the driver is expecting a tip too!!!   1-1/2 hours later I'm calling back to ask where my food was ? I told the manager that if my pizza was cold I was sending it back with the driver.   Lets review the food: -- Zellas charges $7.50 for a philly sub with cheese whiz. I ordered 2 - I wish I hadn't. They were 2 of the smallest philly subs I have ever seen with little meat. I couldnt believe they were $7.50 each and they were loaded with PEPPER?  The $5 pizza was so-so for cardboard, and the $6 greek salad was not worth the price. The steak and cheese toasted sub was good for $7.50 -  The only redeeming feature was the driver, I explained that I wasnt going to tip because I was charged a delivery fee. The driver understood but I still felt bad. I offered the driver a job working for me instead.
1	Greasy cheap, undercooked pizza. You do the math
2	The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the woman that delivered our pizza was very friendly. We ordered a large pizza with mushrooms, cheese fries, wings, and a Philly cheese sub. The pizza tasted like cardboard and lacked cheese. They overtopped the pizza with the mushrooms, which made me feel like I was eating cardboard and mushrooms.   The Philly cheese steak had decent bread, but that's about it. They didn't put enough meat or peppers.    The cheese fries tasted like they put a lunch slice of Kraft cheese, stuck them in the microwave, and over nuked them. They were soggy and tasted really weird.    The mild wings were okay. Probably the best thing in our meal, but still just okay. I think a papa johns probably has better wings.     Overall everything tasted like was from a can and microwaved. While some may say I should of looked at the prices, I feel some places are good with reasonable prices. Maybe if I was 8 years younger and drunk with a bunch of friends, I would of liked this place.
4	I was surprised by all the hate this place is getting. My boyfriend has gotten their carry-out pizzas a couple of times and last night we ordered delivery.  I like their pizza better than the pizza from the major national chains!  Order the garlic-flavored crust: it's awesome.  I like their zucchini sticks, too.  The service is good and the staff is friendly. Our pizza was delivered in about 30 minutes. I think some of the negative reviews might just reflect growing pains since the restaurant is new.  I'm glad Zella's is in our neighborhood!
4	I had the mushroom cheese steak and it was good.  The bread could have been better but the meat and toppings were really good.  We also shared the fried mushrooms and they were really good.
2	Average at best, the wings are better than the  pizza.  Don't bother with the Extreme Cheese and Pepperoni, it's just a Pepperoni pizza, save the extra few bucks, you'll need it for the delivery charge.
3	Long day and didn't want to make dinner so stopped in for some takeout. Ordered a cheesesteak, Philly fries and hot wings. The wings had good flavor and were cooked very crispy which I like but I don't think most people will.  The Philly fries were good but the portion size was a bit small for the price. The cheesesteak was good and I was told by some friends that real Phillies have the WIZ (cheesewiz) which this one did. The size of the sandwich was a bit small for the price but not too offensively small.Overall the experience was ok, not the best but good. Since they recently opened I am not too critical and will go back in a few weeks to try the pizza.
3	3.5This place was better then I thought it would be. The kids and I shared a 14 inch pie. We opted for the butter garlic crust and it was decent. The pizza dough was good, sauce, cheese and meat were all a little sparse but the flavor were good....and it was $6 bucks for 3 of us to eat. The girls next to me had some sandwhiches and they looked good too.
1	Where do I start...... After placing an order on Grub Hub at 7:30pm and getting a confirmation email that our meal would arrive an hour later, our food never arrived on time! Called Zella's and asked where our food was and the girl had no freaking clue. After finding our order and not offering any kind of discount at first and had to ask for one since this wasnt out fault they couldnt find our order(Which was half off). Pizza finally showed up 2hrs after offically placing the order and it was a complete disaster, pizza was messed up in the box and cold and everything else we ordered was cold, which doesnt make sense when we live less than 3 miles away and was told it would right out the door after it was made for our trouble. Pizza was ok, nothing to write home about and just really couldnt enjoy it. Food should have really been free and this place must be struggling because it seems like we flyers every week on our door step for this place and thought we would try it but wont be going back to this place anymore! Hope this place doesnt last because thats not how you run a business.
2	First off I would like to state that I love pizza! There is nothing better than getting a good pizza on a Friday night with a movie. I decided tonight would be that night, but unfortunately for us I picked the wrong pizza place. The following reasons are why I will not be returning to Zella's pizza and cheese sticks;1. Cajun sticks - although the idea sounded great the execution was poor. I'm all for greasy, but when it drips down your wrist to your elbow you've got an issue. Also in order to find the cajun flavor, you have to fight through an army of salt. I took one bite and realized that one bread stick would've been a great assassination weapon against Sponge Bob!2. NY style pizza - there were two positive things about the pizza; the size was really big and the flavored crust wasn't horrible. Now I've had NY style pizza before and I know it's supposed to have light sauce, but no sauce at all! Really?! Bad choice Zella's.  Also chewing the crust was like a wrestling match in my mouth, tough! My teeth hurt after two pieces and that was just plain disappointing! Overall I would say too greasy, too salty, no sauce and way too tough. Side note they overcharged me. Boo! Time to look for a new pizza joint!
4	Great Full size Pizza for only 5$,four different kinds of crust to choose from.And there is no extra charge for extra cheese or sauce.I highly recomend it especially if your on a budget :-)
4	I would say after a few visits I've had the $5 dollar pizza which for $5 hey you would expect cardboard but it's a great pizza for 5. I myself am a newyork style person and from back east they have it dialed in. Great pizza, I got double pepp garlic Cajun crust well done. Perfect. I do have a five star rating for the toasted subs had the buffalo and the steak. Both perfect. Thx for putting a store so close to me.
5	just ordered are 1st pizza from this place.. a lg Hawaiian pizza to go....  fresh,hot, delicious NYC pizza..  $10.00  a 10
4	Today was the first time I ever ordered from them. And I must say it was very tasty. The only thing I didn't like was the high delivery fee. But I will definitely order from them again. Our weekly pizza night.
1	Hate to dish on a place after one visit but I was hoping for so much more.  Was jonesing a cheese steak and saw their signs so I stopped in.  I hate take out so we decided to eat there.  Mistake #1.  The place is pretty boring but at least it could be clean.  We were there 45 minutes and a table sat with dirty baskets, trash and half eaten food the entire time we were there.  At least 3 employees walked by it and didn't pick it up.  Tables could at least be wiped down occasionally.  Guy taking order could have had more personality especially for a first time visitor.  Had to pry info out of him.  Food was average at best.  Breadsticks were very good.  Cheese steak was a let down.  Cheesesteak was small, meat was average but not hot and they skimped on the cheese and toppings.  It took them at least 20 minutes to get a relatively simple order out to us.  While we sat there we got to listen to the staff yell at each other in the back.  Not angry just loud but did hear one obscenity which just isn't acceptable.  Can only hope they step back and take a little more pride in what they are doing.  Maybe take out or delivery is the way to go here for cheap pizza.  They did seem to be doing a lot of delivery business.
5	Got pizza from there today for the first time really good. They have $5 large with one topping not bad beats Lil Caesars. Will be going back.
2	(Before I received my food)Just sitting here....listening to the employees profanity and loud(and I mean really loud) constant complaining. Would love for them to stop and make my sandwich.....(After eating my food) Italian sub was good, but I will not be returning.
4	I received a menu flyer on my doorknob last week and decided to give Zella's a try. I called and spoke with a gruff gentleman who took my order. I purchased the large, one-topping (pepperoni was my choice) pizza with garlic parmesan breadsticks and a 2-liter coke. The total was 10.83 (carryout). PROS: Pizza was worth $5--not overly greasy and enough toppings. They sell Coke products--I hate Pepsi. 15 minute turnaround time, so not a long wait.CONS: Breadsticks were only "ok"--will not purchase again. Also, the guy at the counter was seriously lacking in customer service skills. I stood there (no other customers in lobby) directly in front of him for like three minutes while he was writing something down before he even acknowledged me. Not a big deal, because it's just a pizza pickup, but I knocked off one star for that. Not a 5 star experience but I will definitely be back. TL; DR: Get the $5 pizza, skip the breadsticks, Coke products if thirsty, short wait time for carryout, and lackluster customer service
2	Food: I got a Philly Cheese Steak - It just doesn't live up to expectations, spicy without being flavorful, not particularly full of meat or cheese, not particularly generous in size. Customer Service:  acceptable but an "air of indifference" strikes you and frankly, nobody working in the place smiled....not the entire time I waited. They don't seem particularly happy to be working there. Price / Value: OK but didn't represent good "value" for money spent.
5	I love Zella's!! I'm so surprised in the negative reviews! This pizza is super affordable and loaded with taste! I got a large pep with breadsticks for $9.75!! It's way way better than little Caesars and ready in 15! It tastes like quality ingredients rather than cardboard! This place is absolutely worth a shot! For the price you have nothing to lose!! Ohhhh did I mentioned you get to pick your crust?!? Butter cheese Mmmm!!
2	First time trying this place and probably the last.Ordered the "original workz" pizza it was okay. The Boneless hot wings and fried pickles left more to be desired.  Dry and  sauce less chicken mini balls ( they were the size of a quarter on average.  The fried pickles were burnt and disappointing. Bottom line it is cheap food and okay. You can do a lot worse for a lot more. But I have had a lot better for a lot less. I would not recommend.
2	Cars in the shop, so discovering local cheap delivery joints. First off, I have to subtract stars for charging $3.50 "delivery fee" That money should be the tip that goes to the driver, and is just a dishonorable way of sneaking extra cash into the bill.The food.., xl=18" w 3 toppings and parm bread sticks (pizza crust with parm cheese on it,)For $15 w/coupon it was what I expected, although the people seem nice, delivery fast, modest amount of cheese on the pizza, reasonable everything else except one of my toppings was onions and I can tell you that was a waste!  Which is stupid, its the cheapest topping I requested! load it up a little, sheesh.The second time we ordered I asked if I could pay a buck and get some cheese on the cheese sticks, they said sure and while it didn't make it good, it made it better.I respect them trying to service at a low price point, and yes, I've had worse, it's delivered fast fresh and friendly, which means a lot.But that delivery charge (which I know was started by a chain) is just so maddening, and an insult to the drivers.
1	Customer service was less to be desired! Staff was filled with rude and impatient teenagers. Food is overpriced and the descriptions are somewhat off. Ordered a sub and recieved a flatbread sandwich. Better off at Subway, a lot more food for the same price.
1	We received a "jumbled" pie from their delivery department today. See the photo. Ya it was cheap. But my wife was afraid to eat the pizza with concerns about it actually spilling out on the ground. Papa Johns did a better job.
1	I've been here once - and that was enough. Sorry, but this place is not worth your time just based on customer service and hygiene.  Back when it opened I went there. It was empty except for one guy at one of the small tables in the front.  I stood looking at the menu, waiting - while two young girls sat chatting in the kitchen. There is a big opening, so I could see them and they could see me waiting.  After almost 5 min, one girl finally came up to help me. She wasn't overly nice or rude, just meh.I ordered a pizza and asked how long it might be to be ready. I'm on a short lunch break so it matters. She said just a few minutes. She then proceeded to go back around the corner towards the kitchen, only she stopped to chit chat again with the other girl for a full 5 min before she even made my pizza. I was standing there watching the whole time. Not only that, but she touched my cash and then didn't wear gloves or anything to touch the toppings for my pizza. Ewwww!  I called the girl up and told her I was not able to wait, please refund my money and cancel my order. I left with the intention to never return. Don't think this new place will last past a year, if that.
3	The only reason this place doesn't get 2 stars is that the price is good.  Called to place order and the girl I spoke with was polite, however when I went to pick up my order it was a different story.  The cashier was talking to the delivery guy and completely ignored me for 5 mins. No hello no we will be with u momentarily nothing..... Then the girl who handed me the order had seriously long acrylic nails with some that were broken off.  Long like how do u hold a pen long.... Hygiene is very questionable.   Usually when u work at a food establishment nails like that are not allowed.  Also at the counter was a bottle of spray cleaner and a dirty rag just sitting there. Not appetizing for people walking in at all.  Food was cheap greasy but pretty much expected for price.  I won't be back solely on service (rude) and hygiene.
1	The worst thin crust pizza in years.  I have had $1.99 store bought frozen pizza that was better.  And pizza was cold when it arrived.  I ended up throwing out 1/2 the pizza because no one would eat it.
