5	I had the honor of accompanying my husband to Reagan's "soft opening" last night in Indian Land, and am so excited for what is to follow for this restaurant.Located directly off 521, just outside of Waxhaw, Fort Mill and Charlotte, this bar and restaurant is perfect for folks like us who aren't interested in driving 45+ to downtown Charlotte for good food and, more importantly, craft beer. The atmosphere was easy going yet leaning towards upscale (without suggesting any pretension). I admired how few televisions adorned the walls as this seems to be the norm these days (think Duckworths in Ballantyne). My party was able to enjoy a normal conversation over dinner without raised voices or concern that others could overhear--perfect.The service was on point. Our waitress was attentive, sweet and not overbearing. The bartenders suggested delicious new beers (all of which are brewed in NC, SC, or GA!) and the management was so nice and very interactive. Great group working very well together.For an appetizer, we ordered fried green tomatoes. Delish. I wish there had been more, but I am after all rather gluttonous. Dinner for me includes fish and chips, handmade dip fresh cut fries. Yum! Everything was fresh and super tasty. I think we may have to return soon to sample more... And more reviews to follow!!  :-)
1	This place is loud,the food is nothing to rave about the help slow and clueless. We waited  for 45 minutes for two garden salads! When I told them to cancel our order they said they would bring them right out, 5 minutes later they brought them out in a to go boxes? They will most likely be out of business about another month!
3	Clearly a great addition to the Indian Land restaurant scene, especially as it really is a sit-down place to eat with a full bar and onion rings.Have been at least six times having eaten breakfast once, lunch twice and dinner three times.  Menu is good, soup of the day as an option, generous salads (even their side salad which is more than enough), pizza (where you can ask for thin crust), dinner and lunch plates and...Really GREAT onion rings.  These crusty donuts from the lily family are not out of a bag or some other frozen source, but done in their kitchen from scratch.  They are wide, but thin, some kind of maybe pan-co breading and nicely fried.  When you get them as a side, say with a burger, someone, most likely you, will exclaim, "oh my" or words to that effect.  They are impressive both on the plate and traveling through your mouth.Fried green tomatoes are available as appetizer, salad and as a sandwich.  I think you could also get them as a side with your burger.  Don't know but they could have named Reagan's Fried Green Tomatoes or Fried Green Maters. Service is excellent, prices reasonable, there are TVs and did I mention the onion rings?Bar is the real thing, so order what you want, like Gin Marys with breakfast or tea with a shot in cold weather or one of their drafts.
2	Our Valentines Day plans fell through so we ended up here. We were seated and we sat there for about 10 minutes until a waitress came up and said she would take care of us because she didn't know who our waiter was. We ordered the buffalo chicken dip for an appetizer and my wife ordered the shrimp scampi and I ordered a sirloin. The place wasn't very busy at all.  We waited about 20 minutes for our appetizer. Then about 10 minutes after that our waitress came up and said they were out of sirloin. So instead I ordered the build your own burger. Everything was good except the shrimp scampi. It tasted like regular noodles and wasn't worth the $14 we paid for it.  The waitress was really nice she did give us our appetizer for free. But the very slow service didn't make up for it. I don't think we'll be back.
4	I think Reagan's is a great addition to Indian Land!  I have been several times for lunch and also after work for drinks and appetizers. Every time has been a wonderful experience with great service and excellent food. My favorite item at lunch is the PJM sandwich and my favorite appetizer is the fried banana peppers. I think the lunch combo (pick 2 from soup, sandwich, or salad) is a great value.  I look forward to trying dinner here soon!  I have heard they will be adding some outdoor seating this Spring.
3	Recently went back to Regan's for lunch & discovered a lot has changed since my initial visit. Apparently, they lost chef & then changed out menu. Now more typical pub menu - nothing special. Food was ok... Service was fine. The only thing that was truly wonderful was the cheesecake -our server told us that someone who works there bakes all the cheesecakes from scratch. I would go back just for another piece of that yummy cheesecake!
2	Nice looking in the inside but the menu and food are not good. It needs more healthy options. I hate to see this place fail because of the food.
1	Go to Harris Teeter and get some food! We first entered and the place was too hot inside. Is the ac broken? We ordered the Ruben nuggets...they were o.k., we also ordered the fish and fries...yuck the fish was bland frozen and undercooked the fries were limp and greasy the cole slaw was at a danger zone temp. There were flies all over the dinning area! The crab cake app. We're so undercooked they were almost raw! They need to step up there service and there chef! DO NOT EAT HERE! GROSS!
5	Lovely bar with great local craft beers and spirits. The staff was pleasant and made you feel welcomed. Food was lovely looking and yummy. A true public house!
5	All you can eat Friday fish is to die for! It's fresh beer battered and fried to flakey perfection, it pats well with several of the beers I picked the buckshot and was very happy. I recommend this highly!
