5	I called my Home Warranty company (AHS) this morning because my A/C was hesitating to start up and I saw the thermostat start to rise. Before it got any worse, I knew I needed someone to fix it! Luckily, the warrantee company contracts with Grand Canyon Refrigeration!! Martin called me within an hour after my call to AHS. He happened to be in my neighborhood on other jobs so he fit me into his schedule. He came out only 2 hours after my initial call!! On a Holiday!! (4th of July). He was very friendly, pleasant, and professional. He wasnt like the other companies that I've had out here to fix my A/C over the years (other guys have been jerky salesmen and pretended to know about what they were doing). Martin not only fixed my issue, he found that prior repairmen had put unnecessary parts onto my a/c unit!  I would trust him to fix my a/c if anything happened again. Highly recommend!
5	My A/C went out last week and the tech from the company sent out to repair it was a first-class jerk. When I thought there may still be issues with my unit, I called my home warranty company ( Fidelity) and asked for a different company. That's when Martin from Grand Canyon Refrigeration called me back. He came over to my house early in the morning (arriving much earlier than anticipated which was fine with me!) ... and diagnosed the issue. He explained how my unit needed to work and that the humidity was causing some of the issues with my new repair. At any rate, he was prompt, professional and extremely knowledgeable. While I hope I don't have any more issues with my AC, if I do, I'm calling on Martin and Grand Canyon Refrigeration to get the job done fast! I highly recommend this company.
5	I used Grand Canyon after putting in in a repair request with my home warranty company.  Initially Tatum Air was supposed to come out but they never showed.  Luckily, our next service attempt was with Grand Canyon.  Martin came out on a Sunday (on time) and quickly took care of my needs.  He didn't try to sell me any extras or up grades.  He did offer advice on newer units I may want to consider in the future.  If/when I decide to make a change Martin will be the guy I call.
5	After having a couple lower quality AC companies (via my home warranty) try and fix my AC unit, Grand Canyon came out and found errors that other companies have made. Martin is a great technician and I highly recommend him and Grand Canyon.
5	Imagine my fear when I arrived home from work expecting to enter my cool house from the 110* temperature and it is over 84*!!!!  Since it was after 7 pm there was no hope to get anyone out to look at my system. I went out to see if I could do anything to make it work. Fortunately I was able to get it to run for an hour or so, just enough to cool the house below 80* before it kicked off again. I contacted my home warranty company and they set up a work order with Grand Canyon Refrigeration. Once I got the contact information I called at 8:30 pm on the off chance that I might get an answer. I did not but I was able to leave a voice mail about my situation. Since the sun had set I had that working in my favor so I worked to get the unit running again. Once again it started and ran for a little while. I was able to sleep in a coolish house!!!!!!  GCR didn't open until 7 am but my phone rang at 6:35 am!!!!  Martin was calling to see what my issue was. After my explanation he said he would head right over!!!!!! He was at my house by 7 am and diagnosed the problem. He was well prepared to repair the unit and had it running in less than half an hour. He was very thorough and professional. What a relief it is to have stellar service!!!  I would recommend Grand Canyon Refrigeration for all your air conditioning needs!
5	I called Martin at grand canyon refrigeration around 7am on a hot saturday, he was able to squeeze me in his busy schedule same day. Promptly called me to let me know he was on his way. Martin had my air conditioner fixed in less than 30 minutes! He was professional, polite, & very knowledgable. I would most definitely recommend him for an honest and fair a/c technician. Thank you again Martin!
5	My A/C went out on July 3rd at 8am and my home warranty company (Fidelity) contracted Grand Canyon Refrigerator to help. Martin was at our house within two hours of my call to the warranty company. Martin had the a/c running within 15 minutes and gave us some sound advice on the air filters we were using. Great company and great service by Martin!
1	Called our home warranty company b/c our AC unit went out...in July...in AZ...so it was kind of an emergency, especially since we had kids in our home and my wife has a home office she works out of. Fidelity was very nice, they said I could call Grand Canyon Refrigeration directly if it was an emergency situation to try to expedite the process. I called the #, but instead of someone answering with some type of greeting such as, 'Hello, this is Grand Canyon Refrigeration, how can I help you?' I get someone who just answered with 'Hello?' a couple times so I thought I had actually called someone's personal cell phone in error. Turns out it was the right number, but you would've never been able to tell. The guy acted like I was putting him out b/c it was 90+ degrees in our house and we needed A/C service ASAP. I at least would've liked to get an idea of when I could expect someone...same day, later that afternoon/evening, next day, next week- SOME indication would've been nice. Instead, I was simply told in a very gristly/gruff manner that i would be called when he was ready. COMPLETELY turned off by this type of response and lack of desire to even try to put me at ease as far as to when I could expect someone- so much so that I called my home warranty company back and requested a new company be assigned this work order. I will NEVER be using this company in the future, I wish there was a 0 star rating, I hate to even give them a single star.
5	My AC went out Labor Day. My home warranty (Fidelity) sent Grand Canyon. Jack was at my house in record time and had cold air flowing in no time! I would definitely recommend.
