5	WOW!  Joanna can make anything look good on anyone!  All is takes is the right tailoring.  For the first time in my entire 30 year old life, I had to have my bridesmaid's dress taken in (thanks, low carb!) and Joanna made this dress look great on me (well and the help of steak and salad for every fricken dinner for a month).  Totally affordable too- she is nice and very talented. Go see her!
1	Went here as I needed a shirt tailored for my wedding. Listened to Yelp reviewer's suggestions that Joanne does a great job.Big mistake. The price was right but when I picked up the shirt she had made a total mess of the seems running from under-arm down to the cuff (on both sleeves!) . They were all twisted and had threads hanging all over the place. When I returned to her she tried to blame her poor work on the type of seem that was on the shirt...which is the exact same type of seem I have on all of my dress shirts (which I have had tailored before without a single problem). If she had admitted someone made a mistake I would have respected that as mistakes happen, but to try and blame poor workmanship on someone else is inexcusable - especially for a stitch that is used on almost every men's dress shirt.  Terrible experience.
5	I take all of my pants to Joanna for tailoring. Whether it is jeans or dress/work pants, she does a terrific job and the price is great! I'm short, so I always need some of the length taken out of my pants, and she does it quickly, does it well, and replaces the hem for about $12 per pair. I've never had anything else tailored (shirts, dresses, jackets), but I can say that I have never had any problems with pants, and I recommend her to all my friends!
5	I have been taking pieces to Joanna for years. She has altered vintage prom dresses, turned flare jeans into straight-leg, let out sleeves and hems, and even recently stitched up a tear in my cashmere pashmina so beautifully that you can barely detect a scar! She does the best work and is SO pleasant and nice. (I've never met an employee at Joanna's who was anything less than lovely.) I would say that the prices are very reasonable--comparable to what I used to pay in Queens, NYC. For $18 she took outmoded flared jeans and turned them into a straight-leg pair that I'll be able to wear forever! I would recommend Joanna for any job. Fantastic work.
5	I've been going to Joanna for all of my tailoring needs for several years now. She does a fantastic job. Her prices are reasonable, and her work is excellent!
5	I take all my clothes to Joanna, they do a great job and can generally rush anything in a couple days.  Clothes come back fitting perfectly and you always feel better when your clothes are tailored to you!
