4	I severely doubt that a woman has entered this place long enough to get it named after her. I know the majority of pool players are guys but jesus, this place needs some female patrons.Pool however, is cheap. 20p tables will keep you here all day or until someone picks a fight with you. Good selection of cheap drinks at the bar doesn't help the situation either. Great for what it is!
3	I stumbled (literally) across Diane's Pool Hall about 2 years ago. It had been a wild night out with some good friends, and we were strolling through the city in the early hours of a Sunday morning, groggy and still slightly merry when we came across this place. A pool hall open at 8am? Awesomeness! We had a blast playing pool. And quite surprisingly we weren't the only customers. A few early drinkers or perhaps people just finishing a night shift were entertained with us and our play fights over pool (or perhaps with the presence of a younger mixed sex crowd instead of the 45+ men that seem to dominate).It was cheap and we had a blast but I wouldn't exactly aim to come out here for the sake of the place.
4	I'm very picky back home when it comes to pool halls - there is so much choice and getting a place which you feel comfortable in is a task in itself.In Edinburgh however, I can think of two pool halls - a horribly run down one in the bowels of the student union and Dianes. For me, its a bit out of the way, but the actual pool tables are well kept and more importantly, rather cheap per game.As it has already been pointed out, there is a major bias to men in this place - mostly the hairy big type, but actually, I though Dianes had a chilled and fun atmosphere. I will most certainly be coming back for the rematch against my mate.I plan to beat him this time.
5	Grotty, dirty, cheap, and the unofficial Ground Zero of Edinburgh's seedy underbelly, a visit to Diane's will always be a memorable one. Expect to be offered knock-off DVDs and suspicious looking drugs, expect a pool cue across the head and a broken bottle in the face at some point during your visit, and expect to drink heavily alongside dealers, con artists, and every type of petty criminal under the sun.Needless to say, I absolutely love it.
3	As a deeply competitive person who throws a childish strop when losing, playing pool against a sneaky sneaky pool shark was probably not the best choice of the evening. However, Diane's is everything I love - rough, seedy, dirty, beer best drank in a bottle, cheap at half the price. Plenty opportunities to go people watching on an evening. Just don't play someone who says 'oh yeah, I am rubbish at pool'... then sinks 5 in a row. Rubbish means rubbish, right?
