5	I've been going to Christi for skin care and eyelash extensions for several months and am very pleased with the results. I have very thin, short eyelashes and the eyelash extensions look wonderful. So easy to care for and I've received many compliments on them. I also had brown spots(sun damage) on my face. With her wonderful facials and skin treatments the spots are gone and my face has a moist and smooth glow. I love the neck and shoulder massages I get when she gives me a facial. Christi is very professional, asks great questions so I get exactly what I want. She also follows up to make sure I'm happy with the results.The prices are very reasonable for all the personal care you get. I recommend Christi to all my friends and family. If you're interested in eyelash extensions, Christi is the one for you. I LOVE MY EYELASH EXTENSIONS!!
5	Christy is very sweet, compassionate, and is very accommodating to your needs. She cares about the work she produces and strives to ensure your experience with her is a positive one. Check her out if you are looking to treat yourself, she has very budget friendly services to offer!
5	I can't believe it has taken me so long to write a review! I have been going to Christy for several months to get eyelash extensions and she is amazing. Lately my skin has been driving me crazy. It has been red, itchy, and super dry. I decided to get a facial and holy cow I am glad I did! That was the best facial I have ever had by far. It was so relaxing, my skin looks and feels amazing, and I just felt so pampered. Christy is so nice and loves what she does, I can not wait to get another facial!
5	I was desperate on a Saturday for a full set, and was referred to Christi by another couple of nice ladies that couldn't get me in.  My lashes were pathetic, but when she was done with me, they were full and lush and very natural looking!!!  Christi, thank you so much for getting me in, I can wait for my next fill!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. I don't know where to begin.She is so nice and friendly room is very chic and cozy  not cold or completely white and smells like chemicals.  Definitely charming will be returning for sure
