2	I used to love Bob Evans.  Not sure if I've changed or they have, but I have to say I was not impressed this morning.The sausage is still good, but everything else tasted like crap.  You mileage may vary.
4	Bob Evan's in Champaign IL is very good. We had Pork roast with mashed potatoes and carrots. Plus dessert. Oh so good.The help is very friendly and the place was clean so where the restrooms. I know not every Bob Evan's is good I have tried others and I would never thought there is a Bob Evans that good.Give that one a try.
3	This has to be the friendliest Bob Evans I've been to in a very long time. From the time I walked in the door we were greeted warmly, or were they flirting with us? Anyhoo, they made us feel welcome after a long road trip. The food was excellent, I had the breakfast. The facility is immaculate, and the environment matches as well. This Bob Evans is a hidden gem in this little town.
3	This beacon of light half way thru a five hour trip appeared as if a mirage in the distance...or, ya know, on the corner.  We arrived and made a dash straight to the restrooms which we were happy to discover were very clean. We were a party of nine so they couldn't sit us at the same table so split us into two tables right next to each other, which suited us fine. Our waitress could not have been less thrilled to serve us. I don't think I saw her crack a grin, much less a smile, the entire time. The food was decent. The pancakes had a seriously tough exterior, but the eggs were yummy, the biscuits and gravy devine, and my toast wasn't overly buttered (Rebeca has me looking out for that now). I had asked for there to be two seperate checks since trying to figure out a nine person tab could get ugly, however when it came time to pay, one check. Thank goodness everyone just decided to split the cost, which was wonderfully affordable, instead of picking it apart cent by cent. Overall, a good travel spot for decent food.
3	We were desperate for breakfast on our drive back to Chicago...and then appears a Bob Evans.  woohoo!  I can't believe some of the ridiculously unhealthy things they have on the menu - example: biscuit bread bowl with eggs, potatoes, cheese and meat in it, and hollandaise sauce on top.  Seriously.  Anyhoo, still delicious.  We had french toast and an omelet.  Both satisfied the breakfast craving.  Service was good and fast.
3	A solid breakfast choice if you are in the area. While I can't recall anything being particularly amazing, nothing is really bad either. With the low prices, you can spend the money you saved on buying something nice in Marketplace Mall.
3	Sometimes, you just want breakfast.  I get that.  I've only had breakfast foods here, so I can't comment on anything else.The pancakes are pretty good, but they're huge.  I can barely finish half of them even when I'm really hungry.  I'm a huge fan of breakfast potatoes, and I've never been disappointed with them here.  Everything I've tried has been pretty good, though nothing outstanding.  I think you could order just about anything without being disappointed, so long as you don't look at the nutritional information.I don't go here often, however, because it never sits well with me afterwards.  I once ate here for breakfast before meeting with a professor, and that was a poor choice.  I'm happy he was running late too so I didn't have to explain what kept me...
4	Cleanest kitchen I have ever seen!
3	I mean, I was really hungover, so it did it's job.  But it was one of the greasiest things I've ever eaten in my life.  Took about 15-20 minutes to get a table, but the service was good.  Just don't order the country fried steak unless you want a heart attack at 11:00 am.
2	I had the potato encrusted pollack with green beans & baked potato.  The fish was small and had a fishy taste, the green beans were stringy & the baked potato was cold.  I have had good breakfasts here on occassion but for the most part it's just so-so.  My daughter had the pancakes with link sausage. She said the pancakes weren't the best she has ever had (she is only 9) but the sausage was good.
3	Our last visit to Bob Evans was only ok .Service was friendly ,the dinning room area was clean can't say that about the bathroom at all,really really dirty ,the bathroom did not see any cleaning materials in a long time lots of water on the floor too. We could not find anything on the menu with pork like pork-roast ,so we had the meat love with mashed potatoes and green beans and that was only ok . Love the fresh dinner rolls and the orange juice.
3	I always like the meatloaf, mashed potatoes and green beans.  This Bob Evans was like the others.  Average chain service.  Good when needing something familiar :-)
1	Todays paper says they got a failing health dept. inspection.
