4	Baja Fresh, a nice, quick alternative to your local Taco Bell...  It is a restaurant that I have been to many times.Personally, I love their quesadillas.  They are extremely cheesy, and they are filled with your choice of meat, with some Guacamole, Sour Cream, and Salsa on the side.  Each one of the entrees have chips included.  Try some of their Salsa Verde with some cilantro... It's a very good combination.If you really like their food, then buy their "Collector Cup".  For $9.99, it includes 1 free drink, followed by 99 cent refills for life.  A good deal if you come back to this place multiple times.Good restaurant, good food, good place.
4	This location is way better than the one by me in NY.  They have such great variety, and are very friendly about letting you customize a burrito so you get just what you want.
4	Great location. Angela is the bomb! Outstanding service.
4	Great location with a super friendly staff. Food is always good. I love the salsa bar, especially their new seasonal mango salsa - quite tasty!
3	Okay, I'm surprised by Baja Fresh.Almost a dozen years ago I remember going to my first Baja Fresh, when it was still a Wendy's concept in Illinois.  Arlington Heights, I believe.  The food was good.  At the time, there was no Chipotle to feed that quick, upscale Mexican hunger.  So in many ways they were the only game in town.As I mentioned in my recent Taco Cabana review, a lot has changed.  If feels like Chipotle is giving Starbucks a run for it's money in terms of new locations.  And, that food chain has only gotten better and still is the darling of Wall Street.  Now Wikipedia has created a website, listing all the Mexican fast food chains.  Take a look and see how many you have been to:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Fast-food_Mexican_restaurants  You'll get high marks in my book if you've been to a Taco Time and Taco Del Mar.Here's the skinny, Baja Fresh does a nice job with their food.  I want to like them more than I do.  Their Baja Steak Burrito is really good and fairly priced for $6.99.  But as you explore their menu items, it becomes somewhat, un-interesting.My suggestion would be to knock out that half wall that separates the kitchen from the front, so the customers could see the employees preparing the food.  Similar to that , er, other Mexican concept across the (FLW) street.  The employees here are exceptionally friendly and offer free chips as you wait.  Nice!The food is good, but the restaurant with all that white, is kind of sterile.  The next time you get some coupons in the mail, give them a try as we did.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.Enjoy!
2	I like baja fresh, but this location is lil bit dirty , couples of flys were disturbing me all the time.))))
3	This location has closed.
5	They were amazing.  Now they're closed :(
