4	We spent the afternoon soaking in the sun, drinking cocktails and people watching at the brand new Chateau Gardens at the Paris Hotel. We were told it was a beer garden but it seems just like any other rooftop restaurant/club with a full service bar. The music was  good but a little too loud for daytime conversation. The Mediterranean salad was good and service was attentive. I feel bad for the ladies working there who have to wear hideous chartreuse corsets, but hopefully the tips they rake in make it all worth it.
4	We were lured up here with free drinks and glad we came up.  The outdoor patio is filled with serveral little nooks and some cool furniture. Great views of the watershow at the Bellagio. The Rosemary Tapenade on warm flat bread was so delish. The sandwhiches were good, but a little dry, had to ask for more mustard. Overall we liked it so much, we came back the next day.
5	Awesome outdoor space.  Again great service, great music thumping and they give you free drink cards.  What could be better!  I wish I could have stayed longer but alas I have to jam relatively soon after getting there.  I would definitely recommend it to friends going to Vegas as the spot to be during the afternoon/dusk
3	Cool place, great spot for nighttime debauchery. Only 3 stars though because I don't understand how they call this a beer garden. Where is the beer? The best kind they have is blue moon, the selection is no different from any other nightclub in Vegas. So of you are fooled into coming here with hopes of delicious beer, steer yourself elsewhere because you won't find it here.
3	My girls and I spent Saturday afternoon here. The music was awesome. They gave us a free drink card. The manager came over to see how we were doing. The outdoor space is amazing and the seating is comfortable. We ordered the cheesy marinara dip w pita bread. That was amazing. When we went back at that night the scene was a little strange and you have to walk through the whole club to leave wich is confusing to me. Amazin in the day !!!  Wont go back at night again.
5	Free drinks, free drinks, oh how I love free drinks!I spent my first Vegas afternoon here and it was a super chill.  The setting of the outdoor is relaxing, but still has that Vegas vibe to it.I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who visits Vegas. I loved it!!!!
5	We came here one afternoon and got the surprise of free drinks for the ladies.  Plus our pitcher of beer came with a free pizza.  So we had two.  Other than the fact that my wife had just opened her Rockstar and had to chug it on the steps, and we stayed too long and they had to hustle us out so that they could turn the outdoor space into a VIP bottle area for the impending assault of Broskis, I would come here again -- and will!
3	My cousin and I were strolling the Strip, when we were stopped by a Chateau employee asking us if we would like to visit the Beer garden and get a free drink. UUhhhhh YEAH! We walked up to the rooftop garden and were pleasantly surprised by the decor and the space. It was a nice size and the decor was bright and cheery, without being garish. The place had very few people (it was early in the afternoon). A few small groups of ladies and that was about it. We sat down at the bar. As we sat down, the population of the bar went from 4 to 6 people. With SO many few patrons, you would expect to be served ASAP, right? NEGATIVE. The bar tender COMPLETELY ignored us. I have NO clue why. He actually looked our way SEVERAL times and rolled his eyes. After about 7-10 minutes of these, I was OVER IT. I was ready to go, free drink or no free drink. There were a bunch of empty couches and tables open, and this was my cousin's first trip to Vegas, so I decided to make the best of it and just sit and enjoy the atmosphere. As SOON as we sat down, a really bubbly waitress came our way and took our drink AND food order. She was very helpful and sweet. She made up for the rude bartender. The food was AWESOME. We had a couple of appetizers and shared. They were reasonably priced for Vegas. Another aspect that made my time at Chateau great was Randy, the charming and cheerful security guard. This guy was AWESOME. He was very chatty and accommodating. He took pictures of my cousin and I, suggested menu items, and just was an overall great conversationalist. Two thumbs up for the wait staff and security, TWO GIANT thumbs down for that jerk of a bartender. If it weren't for Randy and the pretty waitress, I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. SN: Great spot to watch the Bellagio Fountains.
4	I haven't eaten here yet but when I do, I will update. Even if you hate the drinks or hate the security or think the place looks lame, come here just to get a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. I, however, love the drinks, security is usually pretty friendly, and I think this terrace is gorgeous. I love the bright yellow couches, especially. On any given afternoon, hosts are typically handing out wristbands for free drinks. This REALLY comes in handy when it is July and 110 degrees outside and you need a drink NOW. While management recently put a limit on what drinks are free, it's still a great deal (hello, it's FREE). Add the spectacular view and the chance to sit down in an area where you would have to drop $$$ a few hours later in the day. This is still one of my favorite places to go on the Strip.
3	One thing I am learning about this whole Sugar Factory business, is that they still have a lot of kinks to work out. Since I work for such a strick casino, I know about customer service seeing that they engraft it into your head. Sugar Factory is more concerned about money than customers. This is just my opinion. Sorry if I offend anyone.I called the Beer garden to double check on everything because I had organized a big party to show up there. I got concerned since I had seen a review on yelp about a couple got kicked out early because they were opening up for the club. So I called to make sure what time that was. The woman sounded confused and said she never heard about anything like that happening, and the club didn't open until 10pm at night, so I had nothing to fret about. I was happy to hear this because my party was showing up late. So the deck upstairs was gorgeous and they had the right music playing, and my party began showing up. We were having a good time and having drinks and food delivered to us. An hour later the server said last call for drinks, and we all glanced at each other with stupid looks, like did she just say last call? We questioned why and they said they closed three hours early to get ready for the club. I just shook my head because this is what I was worried about the whole time. I felt horrible because now I had to have a plan B and find somewhere else to go. No signs saying about closing time, and employees not having the right information. This is why I feel like they don't care about customers. They don't hand the right information out. So I hope I gave potential customers some new information. GO EARLY lol
3	Went there during the day on a weekend.  Although it was hot, we found a couple couches in the shade.  Service was good, the scenery is awesome, you get a good view of the Belagio fountains.  The music they played was pop/rock which was a nice change from all the rap and house music at othere places.  I just drank a few beers and my friends drank tis berry rum punch.  They loved it because they ordered like three pitchers of it.  It was a good time, we were there for about two hours.The next day we went at night, we were there about 25 minutes then we left.  They did not serve that berry rum punch at night, which upset my friends and it was all house music and rap, and honestly, that is not my scene.  The couches that we sat on during the day required the purchase of a bottle to sit there at night, fine. It was not crowded at all, and it was a Saturday night.Day, I give it five starsNight, I give it two stars
4	Super fun for day drinks, especially after the girl on the street offered us a free drink. The view of the Bellagio water show was fabulous, the music was pop-y and fun, and my girlfriends and I had a hell of a time!I felt bad for our cocktail waitress who was wearing some killer porn shoes.
4	Very chill casual spot that's on the rooftop. Nice place to relax and have a few drinks. Chill atmosphere and good views. They have good places to sit, a few TV's, music, and a friendly relaxed environment. Check it out!
1	My girls and I tried to go here our first night in Vegas (a Saturday night)... We got bracelets that said we would get free admission & 1 free drink. We got the total run around though! Security gave us our free drink ticket then we got to the top of the stairs the bouncer took off our bracelets and our tickets. When I asked him about this he said "this happens every night" & we would have to talk to the bartender. We did this and were told to talk to the front people who told us to talk to security! Really? There were only like 4 people staying in there- you'd think they want to nurse a drink out of us so there'd at least be some bodies in the place. We left soon after how rude everyone wad about giving us the runaround....
3	Soooo... Apparently after the remodel, they do not have daytime seating anymore. Just in case anyone was wondering what happened to the magical Biergarten.
1	Went by last night to meet up with friends but was told it was closed already, that's cool, but then the attendant at the stairs told me that $20 to his friend might get me up there though. If you don't like your pay rate get another job. Totally ruined the night.
