5	One of my friends got a facial from Charlotte Plastic Surgery, first of all when she got in my car, I noticed that she looked really pretty before she even said anything..  then she said she went to CPS for a facial.  She said, that she scraped her face with a razor and got all the dead skin off.  Stop right there.  I want my face free of dead skin.So, I made an appointment and went today..  egads, loved it..  I am very no nonsense, I like to cut right to the chase.  Going to a surgeon's office is not for relaxation, they mean business!!!  Love, love, love!!!  Melody scrubbed my face with a soft rotary Sonic brush, scraped off dead skin, then did this oxygen treatment on me to calm my red face. The treatment was wet and cold, it felt better than the mister at Disneyworld.  My first question was, when can I come back?It seems like most Yelpers are young and you aren't worried about your skin, but please take care of it, start wearing sunscreen daily, don't forget about your hands and neck too.  Your hands really are the first to show age.. Sunscreen my friends.Boys this isn't for girls only, everyone would love to get their face scrubbed, believe me!!!Melody!!  Remember!!
5	This is THE best place to get a chemical peel or any amazing skin product. I have trusted their esthetician with my skin for years and she is the reason why it looks so amazing, clear and glowing. This place is a must for anyone who wants to see actual lasting results and get a great education on what's best for your skin from someone who has lots of experience and knowledge.
5	I had a 'mommy makeover' done with Dr. Finical. Hands down, the best plastic surgeon in Charlotte. Also, the practice itself runs very professionally and smoothly. His nurse, Wendy, and all the staff there took great care of me and also were attentive to my questions and needs from the start to the end. The technology there is bar none and I feel that the facility was super clean and perfectly laid out to have the surgery there. I would go there again were I to choose another procedure. I was a little nervous the day of my surgery and they did a great job in making me feel comfortable and in great hands. I am not fully recovered but I already LOVE my results. Dr. Fincial exceeded my expectations.
5	Best experience ever with Dr. Beasly, I got a tummy tuck and my lips and mouth lines done here by Holly.  Friendly staff, nice location, top notch!!!!!  No complications.  I got a facial but my face didn't peal 2 days after and basically looks the same, maybe I got the wrong kind of facial, not sure as it was my first one however the woman that did the facial was friendly and I bought some nice products.  I want to go back and get more treats done!  Everyone deserves to be pampered!!!!!!!!!
