5	This was my first laser hair removal experience.  Got a groupon for six sessions for $99.   Appointments are quick.  You're in and out in 10 minutes.  I've had a few different technicians and everyone is very friendly and make you feel comfortable.  I think this office does some type of membership package.  Not sure how it works, but I am definitely considering it.  So far, I have had great results!
5	amazing staff. Each of the women who have treated me are fun to talk to & are knowlegable with the treatment. Im definetly seeing results!
5	I bought the groupon for 6 underarm treatments.  I was a little skeptical about laser hair removal but I just completed my last session and I am in love!!  I have dark hair and used to shave everyday.  I am now hair free!  Seriously, I can't believe it.  Office is very professional, clean and appointments are super quick.  Best groupon purchase ever.
4	I visit the Henderson location of Simplicity Laser and I have been completely happy with my experiences. I bought a Groupon for six laser hair removal treatments, I have had two and notice a big difference! Each time I have gone to my appointments they have been on time and quick. I think everyone should get laser hair removal, yay!
3	All the staff are friendly, good atmosphere...great prices! My hair is 70% gone.
1	Had horrible experience with this place. The only redeeming thing they have going for them is the tech at the Summerlin location, Stephanie, is great. First of all, they have no local phone #. When you want to make an appt, you have to call an 800 #. When I got there for my appt, no one greeted me, I simply signed in and waited until the tech (who again was great) helped me. For my second appt, I arrived 5 minutes late and the door was locked and they would not see me.
1	Got groupon deal. First session was ok but I felt like since its a discount package its such a hassle for them to do it. I got a package to do my underarm so it takes less than 5 mins. Second session I was a couple of minutes late which was my fault. The tech took the next person after me and I was informed that she would be going to lunch right after and I would have to wait till she gets back. I asked if I could do it before she goes since its a quick service but the girl upfront gave an attitude and pretty much repeated eveything slowly like I'm not able to understand it. I'm sorry, I've been in costumer service since I could start working and there's a proper way to say no to a client or try to accommodate them. Telling me not to give HER attitude while she's rolling her eyes at me. Bottom line, not using groupon for any service packages because staff just seems pissed off with it. And for simplicity spa, they might need to train their staff with some better customer services skills. i never finished the 8 sessions i paid for and telling my friends not to go to this place.
1	I purchased a package for 18 face sessions last year for $400 which at the time seemed like a great deal for the price. You absolutely get what you pay for which is cheap laser hair removal and horrible customer service from very unprofessional people. After a few months worth of  sessions I did not see any significant decrease in hair growth and the worst thing was the girl burned my scalp by not paying attention to where she was using the laser! It has been almost one year and I still have a noticeable bald spot on my head, and the company fought me on even refunding my money. Do not use simplicity unless you want to waste your money and permanently ruin your face or body! I regret it.
4	The girls at Simplicity are great! They're very nice and knowledgeable about the laser treatments. The prices are reasonable and are affordable by using monthly payments. Very flexible with appointment times and caring towards sensitive areas and how to alleviate pain. Got a Groupon for here and they discounted the price I got for adding the full body laser. Its a great investment and I've only done about 4 treatments but I'm already seeing results!
1	I signed up for a post "touch-up" treatment, which requires you to at least schedule 3 visits in a automatic payment plan for $19. On my last visit, I signed a document stating it was my last visit and confirmed it with the employee there. Three months later, I see Simplicity is STILL withdrawing $19 each month from me. After speaking with a representative on the phone, I was told that it's MY responsibility to send a written notice to deactivate my account...which clearly I was not notified of. They still have "to see" if my request is valid before they can reimburse me. UNBELIEVABLE. There was no apology, or even a hint of one for causing this problem. Instead, I was told, they have thousands of  customers and can't keep up with everyone of them. SO disappointed...never again.
1	I am appalled at the treatment I just received at the Simplicity Center in Henderson, Nevada which is affiliated with Eric Wikler, DO.I arrived on time for my 6:45 P.M. appointment.  I waited in the waiting room until 7:05 when a woman by the name of Trisha came out to tell me that because I was late for my 6:35 P.M. appointment, we were going to have to reschedule.  The way she responded to my insistence that my appointment was at 6:45 was to argue with me that "no, your appointment was at 6:35."  Her response at my indignation at having to wait 20 minutes before I was informed that I had to reschedule was that "you shouldn't have been late."  When I asked to speak to her supervisor, she told me that no one was there, and that I should call the 800 number.   She slammed the door in my face.  Not only was the customer not right in this instance but the costumer was antagonized and patronized.
4	I purchased the $99 a month laser hair removal service for my wife 18 months ago and just want to say that I am very happy with the results. It has been money well spent. Happy wife happy life! The entire staff has been a pleasure to work with and they are very understanding of our busy schedules.
1	This place is terrible. May be cheaper than other options, but almost every member of the staff has been rude or unprofessional at some point. I pay for all over body, so I pay monthly but they only let me come in every 2 months. Once you've paid they have no incentive to do your treatments. (Every excuse under the sun so the tech can take a break instead of doing your scheduled appointment-- from being "sunburnt" (on my shoulders, when I was going in for armpits) to being 5 minutes late-- when it takes them 20 minutes past your appt time to get u back there.) The girls at the front desk gossip about other employees AND customers, LOUDLY.Now to rate the service (when they will actually provide to me what I've overpaid for.) They seem to purposefully use the lowest settings over and over so you have to keep coming for a full year or more. Think about it-- once they've tried it on you and your skin has no negative reactions, why not crank up the strength next time? Because you'll get results too quickly, and they'll lose out on robbing you! Also I cannot staand when the tech won't leave the room so I can undress before a Brazilian. It makes me feel extremely uncomfortable. I can't stand this place, but I'm stuck in a damn contract. Don't fall for it. You should be excited to go for a spa treatment, even if it might be painful. I dread going to my appointments because I almost always face some kind of issue or confrontation with the staff.
3	They ladies that work there are very good they get your service done quickly and with ease. What I can't stand is their scheduling system it's poorly planned and its almost as if they can't see when your appointments are by person only by a general day  ? If they could get  that straight They may have better rating because the techs are great... Also wish they they could work with schedule changes... For example I Started a new job and I'm in training so when I had to call and cancel the day I was scheduled for my legs the available they had was three weeks from that point that would make me late considering you're supposed to do your legs every eight weeks supposedly???
1	If I could give this facility a "0" I would.A technician lasered my tattoo, because she failed to follow protocol. I now have scar tissue and am fighting to obtain sufficient reimbursement for my pain and suffering.I am a health care administrator and have never been so disgusted with a health care facility thus far in my career.
2	LADIES!Do not let this company get your credit card info. Not only did i experience scheduling issues, but they will overcharge you for the services. If there is a groupon for the treatments.. by all means.. This is the best way of using their membership. The sweet saleswomen of simplicity laser will hook you into a long extended contract which IS NOT CANCELABLE, even if you are an unhappy customer and they will continue to charge your card... even if you do not receive treatments!I have a very busy schedule working in the nightclubs and finishing school at UNLV so my time is important to me. Twice i had my appointments canceled on me and the only availability that they had was months out! I tried to cancel my membership and they just kept saying "we will talk to our manager". Well, I cant find any owner/managers name online. hummm... looks like i'm trapped. Still fighting them and its is a stress that could have been avoided. Pay in advanced or get a Groupon deal. Do not create a contract you may see results only after a few treatments.
1	The ladies that actually work at the location are awesome. They are nice and try to keep your mind off the pain while they are doing your treatments. Treatments are effective and you notice results quite quickly.  The office is clean and organized. However, I will tell you NOT to sign up with this company.1.  Awful scheduling system. If you need to reschedule your appointment or cancel you have to call their corporate head quarters which is not even in Nevada and speak to a representative. Forget even calling to let them know that you are going to be five minutes late because they will not even let the office you are going to know. Which has happened to me already. I was running five minutes late and called their 1-800 number spoke to a representative. She said that she would contact the office in summerlin for me to let them know. I got there and they told me that I had missed my appointment and that I would have to reschedule. I explained to her that I spoke to some one at corporate but on her end there was no communication. So, the lesson is when you make any appointments with them you better get there and time and don't reschedule.  Another instance is when their machine went down. A technician called me at 7pm and left a message I called them back only to get an answer machine. It took me 3 days to get a hold of someone at corporate this included emailing and leaving voicemails. They make it seem like it was my fault and couldn't get me in for another 2 weeks because they were already booked with appointments on all the other days.  Don't call me at 7pm and tell me that I need to reschedule after business hours and not even be there to answer the phone when I call back five minutes later. 2. Once you sign any contract with them its set in stone! There is no grace period for you to cancel, get a full refund, a partial refund, or a break in contract fine! I've called and argued about this with them and got no where! so ladies, make sure you double and triple check the type of treatment you are getting and the cost before you do anything because you aren't getting your money back. I signed up for their 3 package deal. Brazilian, underarm, and leg and have been getting treated for these three areas since Feb '13. Everything was fine. Went into my appointments and have been getting appointment reminders stating those exact parts. I called today to reschedule my appointment for the Brazilian and the girl on the phone basically told me that I did not have this package and I only signed up for full leg and face and if I wanted to do the additional two it would be an extra $500 to add onto my existing contract. Which is ridiculous because I know what I signed up for and have been paying for. She then goes to tell me that I have been getting this treatment (brazilian and underarm) for free since feb. I then asked her so you're telling me that since FEBRUARY '13 of this year for the past 7 months there has been no communication between your office and your corporate office. she said that office didn't do their research and at this time we can not continue doing treatments for your brazilian or underarms.I am so pissed off because now I am left 1/2 treated in those areas and they are not going to do anything about it when it was their mistake. so to recap, its a great deal because they have payment plans which makes laser treatment affordable and cost as much as getting waxed. If they have a groupon that is the best way to handle this company. They have left such a bad taste in my mouth that I will never do anything again with them once my contract over.
3	it is a crap shoot when dealing with this business.  Sometimes, I got a great tech, the billing was correct and it was an absolute delight.  Then it was drama, billing me for missed appointments, billing dates would change, having to call the corporate office for resolution was just as painful as the treatment.  Sometimes, you sign in and they take everybody before they take you.  I went to the location in Henderson.  So, I am happy with my new face, they did a great job but I advise you to get a separate debit card or a credit card with a limit because once they get a hold to your account!!!!  It's a wrap.  So, like I said.  The equipment, pricing and (3) techs make this place a 10!  Their billing practices and the other (2) "snooty - too - good to touch you" techs make this place a 1.  So proceed with caution.
1	Let me preface this review by saying my friend went here a few years ago and liked it. I was so excited to pay so much less than what my plastic surgeon was offering. Well, you get what you pay for. Or in my case, you get crap and get robbed on top of it.THIS COMPANY IS NOT SUPPORTED BY THE BBB. There are currently 6 (including mine from today) reports out on them, with only 2 resolved. It's because they are out to steal your money. If you want to ignore this review and their used car salesmen talk you into signing your life away (even if you try to do month-to-month, you'll still lose your soul), here are some warnings:PREPARE TO BE ROBBED: I wish I could give a negative review. I have wasted so many hours of my life with this company. As I've seen in other reviews, I paid extra to do the month-to-month, cancelled my membership, and they are still charging me. They told me they lost my cancellation letter or never received it. I'm not quite sure which, because no one ever gets back to me, and it's a different story depending on who I talk to. WHY WOULD I FAIL TO CANCEL AND BE OKAY WITH THEM WITHDRAWING $109 EVERY MONTH WHEN I WAS NO LONGER MAKING APPOINTMENTS? It's just insanity! Even the laziest person in the world wouldn't forget to cancel such a steep fee. So-- this company stole $260 from me. I reported them to the BBB. We'll see what comes of it. Now I have to call my bank and close my account as well, so they can't keep robbing me blind. My last appointment was in July, and I'm STILL dealing with this matter.PREPARE TO BE HAIRIER: I am an excellent candidate-- very pale skin and black hair. I have 0 results after $1,000 spent. Now I wax my own hoo-ha, and my pits are hairier than ever. In fact, it might have made me hairier. DON'T BE LATE: Don't be even a minute late for your appointments, or conveniently you'll have to wait another 3 weeks to get in. Then the techs get a nice break, and they already stole your money. This is hilarious because every time I went to my other appointments, it would take them 30 minutes to get me back there. And 5 minutes to do my pits. Insane. And they'd take other people in front of me who came in later than I did.  THE TECHS ARE INSANE: The first tech I had told me that the smoking hot lady who had just walked out was actually a man. Gave me a very descriptive detail of her/his genitals. A PREVIOUS CUSTOMER'S GENITALS. They also do not leave the room when you are taking your clothes off, so you feel like you should be getting paid to give them a show. I must've looked uncomfortable when she was close enough to my vag I could feel her breath on it. Because she said, "Don't worry, I don't want to be down here anymore than you want me to be." V. professional. The next tech I had spent the entire appointment gossiping about how the place had gone downhill, she's overworked ,etc. I felt so awkward and creeped out by both of these experiences. They didn't get better from then on...THERE'S NO INCENTIVE TO DO A GOOD JOB, EXCEPT FOR THE TIP JAR: There is a huge tip jar in each room. I'm not sure what I was supposed to be tipping someone for-- maybe so they wouldn't gossip with the next customer about my vag? Not sure. I already paid $109 a month, to maybe get in an appointment every 2 months. Anyway, they start at a low setting to see how you respond. That's great. Why not crank it up after that? Because they want to draw out this process so they end up getting tons of money out of you. The first few appointments I went to did absolutely nothing, and it didn't even hurt. Anyway, this place is a rip-off. I wish I would've put that $1,000 towards going to my plastic surgeon for my hair removal. I probably would've been hair-free in a few appointments, and it would have been professional and satisfying. Now I am sitting around with a hairy body and an empty bank account, and wishing I never would have heard this place's name.
5	Love this place.  I have been to other Laser places BUT this is the first time I have seen results!  I've had 7 sessions with them now.  Both Cheree and Jennifer are so friendly and greatl!  I am in and out of the office with in 10 minutes.  There is never a wait!  I would DEFINITELY refer anyone to this place!
5	I went here for my first time ever to get laser hair removal. I was nervous but my esthetician Pharrah made me feel very comfortable. The place was clean first and for most, that's what I look at first when I go into places like that. Overall my experience here was very pleasant, and I will be returning.
1	This place is terrible!!! No matter how good of a deal you think you're getting, it's not worth it to deal with their customer service. Technicians know what they are doing, so it's a real shame. Went twice and both times argued with me that my groupon was not valid. And many problems with the up-sale they sold me to add another area. Definitely find another spot!
1	I am having a bad experience with them. I feel .like they have stolen my money and abused my trust. So my story is that I only wanted a few sessions of laser and therefore no contract and they gave me their session by session prices. After a few month I realized that my account is getting charged every month and not just for the two sessions i went in .  I called a couple of times. First time they told me that there has been a mistake apologized and said im going to be refunded  in 24 to 48 hours.  When I was not refunded I called back again and this time the representative said we charge you every month unless you call us and ask us to cancel !!! The funny part is they didn't even call me to book a session for me they just charged me.  A company that steals from you does not even deserve 1 star....
5	My experience going here has always been excellent. The people are nice. I've never had any issues and the staff members are genuinely interested in my welfare as a client. I've only had one instance where they needed to reschedule my appointment, but they squeezed me in within a week. I don't have any complaints about the people or service here and I've been going to this location for over a year.
5	I just have to say that Jen, Cheree and Pharrah are my favorite ladies at this place! They are always happy and very efficient with their work. The other thing I like about them is that they always remember everything we talked about the previous session which always makes you feel really good!My results have been great so far! This isn't my first experience with laser hair removal and this by far has shown more results then previous treatments at other spas. Im very happy overall with my experience so far!
1	**Warning** Do not purchase a full body package with this company!! Once a package is purchased they refuse to speak to you about making any changes to your package. The corporate offices takes your money and hides!! The people that answer the phone make excuses and say a supervisor will call back but nobody will ever call back! I have requested to speak to a supervisor or manager over 6 times in the past 30 days and nobody will respond. They have absolutely NO intention of ever helping you! I have never received such horrible customer service and I feel 100% taken advantage of.
1	I think they have to create "Minus Stars" for businesses like this!! NEVER give your credit card info to these people. I purchased an under arm package from their Summerlin location, after about 3 months or so and all the sudden they decided to enroll me in their full body package, so they started charging me $84/ month for a service that I have never received. I called the same day of their first charge to complain and have them refund my money, they were sending me from department to another, after a lot of wasted time and energy they said that they will take care of it, but nothing happened.  The next month, I was charged again (another $84).. I had to call and go through the same BS all over again. They finally refunded my money. After all I had to go through, I don't even want to go back and finish my sessions (I still have 4 to go). Going through the reviews here, I realized that they have done the same thing to other ladies, I just don't understand how they're getting away with it. I messaged one of the reviewers who had the same experience asking her if she got her money back, she said that she never did and that she gave up trying to get them to refund her money. Seriously, what business treats its customers like that???
