1	this place dont even deserve a star! all of the food was old mushy and cold!  the mongolian bar b que was disgusting! the place wasnt good at all!  they get -100 stars!!!
1	Borderline OK only if you're in a pinch and short on cash but that's about it. Definitely many better choices out there.
2	Inexpensive at $8.99 for dinner.  We went on Christmas night and the food was pretty bad overall but some of the items were good:  fried chicken wings, bok choy, shrimp, daikon/beef soup, and the soft ice cream machine.  I thought the waitresses were efficient at taking the plates, too.What can you expect for $8.99 dinner?  It's just mass quantities of biomatter when you come down to it!
1	Cheap buffet. That's about the only positive. Nothing really tasted good. Everything tasted old and reheated multiple times.
1	This place is a little dirty,the food was not all that,the service wasn't good..save your money and go down the street to Asia buffet on Flamingo and eastern...way better......
1	Over the years I have dined at many cheap low end Chinese buffets. This is easily the worst.  Their sign says they have something like 150 (I don't remember exactly) items. I don't see the point of having so many items when stray dogs wouldn't even eat this food.
1	Well everyone I will have to agree with all of you. I have come here twice once because I was invited, second was today because my mother liked it. But to me I could taste the difference between everything... everything tasted the same! Cheap, but not so good. When I have been there both times it has been clean. The service was there, but when would I need them, except for refiel right? The only things I really did like was the sweets thats all. But everything else after your done eating you can't really taste a distinct taste.  But yea save your money, this is the last time i am going next time I am taking her to another buffet, like new Asia Buffet I hear thats good. Well, the thing That I really do not like from there is the entrance. That blasted creeking door annoys me!That and today I found a bee in the window next to where I was eating, good thing I killed it before it stung anyone. Plus... In the bathroom there was a mans genitals drawn there LOL. Just please everyone just pass this place and save your money.
1	save your time and money. dont go here. the food is nasty. everything tastes the same as if they cook everything in the same oil or pot. alot of the food was cold too. anything that was hot was too hot and i burnt myself from the steam rising from the warmers under the food trays. the mens restroom was worse. urinals were overflowing and the toilet was backed up. o yea it smelled like sh** all the way out to the dining area. our server was good though. she came by every 10 minutes to make sure we were ok.
1	I should have listened to the reviews. It had so many one star reviews I figured I just HAD to try it, you know? No place can still be in business after so many shitty reviews, right?It's horrible. Horrible. Seriously, this was terrible.
1	Uuugh bathrooms were sticky with piss and it smelled like a petstore. just think.. if thats how they keep the part of the resturaunt people DO see, what doe the kitchen look like???  food was lackluster service was ok. the maitre d seemed like pissed off to be there. maybe cause she couldn't peep without catching birdflu? i dunno, im not a doctor.
2	Okay... let me start by saying that this place is a great deal for what you are spending.g (8.99 for dinner). However, put that aside and what you have is a dirty meat factory. Almost all of the dishes were shrimp, and the blandest shrimp to say the least. I have never eaten so much food that had no flavor whatsoever. If there was a prize for taking food and making it taste like nothing this place would win, hands down. I believe that this is the only Chinese restaurant that I wish used MSG. They got two stars because they were friendly and the service was decent.
3	Today I went to this buffet. I use to live close to this restaurant several years ago and at that time it was one of my favorites. I have to say that I was very disappointed with the food this time. The selection of food wasn't as good as I remember. They didn't have as many shrimp dishes. Some of the food looked like it took a serious downgrade. I did love the egg foo yong. Service is decent enough. The food is alright for the low price. Though it isn't great it is a nice change from the regular fast food places.
2	As of August 31, this place is resurrected as Lee's Buffet after being closed for more than eight months.  It's been considerably renovated and there's a greater number of items available.  The prices are a bit higher, but soft drinks are now included.  The people running it are the same and their approach to cookery is the same.  If you liked it before, you'll like it now; and if not, not.  I live right nearby, so I regard it as a useful neighborhood resource.
3	Continuing our family tradition of Chinese buffets on holidays, we ventured out to find a decent buffet on Thanksgiving. I'm not big into buffets and the previous reviews on this place had me skeptical. We decided to take a 20 minute drive down and see what New China/Lee's Buffet had to offer. We pulled up and the parking lot was crowded. Heading inside I stopped a group of ladies and asked about the food. They all agreed the food and prices were good. Once inside, I headed straight for teriyaki chicken. I piled on an assortment of steamed rice, lo mien, pot stickers, teriyaki chicken and dim sum. It was all actually really good. My main complaint was that the food wasn't hot. It was all warm but was not have the hot fresh meal I was hoping for. I went back for seconds and loaded up my plate with the same items. My husband had sushi, desserts, shrimp....and basically a small sample of everything offered. He agreed that the food was good but wasn't sure if he would make the 25 minute drive again to this buffet.Our server was great. A little slow getting our refills back to us but overall nice and keeping our table cleans. The restaurant was very clean. All of the staff was great. Great selection of food, almost too many shrimp selections. I try to stay far far away from public restrooms so I didn't even attempt those. My biggest issue was that the food was hot. If I'm ever back in the area, I'll definitely stop again but we won't ever go out of our way to eat here.
