3	I know I know its a chain but I have to give yelp love to sonics for the bestdrinks! I had the Lemon - berry real fruit slush for the past 2 days. I ended up taking a Large drink back with me to CA. And yes, it didn't melt!! Their food is not the best but come on .. Sonic is known for their drinks not the food. Plus, you can't beat 24 hour drive thru!
3	Much better service than the Sonics I'm accustomed to (Vegas mostly), the food, not so much. Of course I can't complain, coming from So Cal, where there's one Sonic (in Anaheim) to serve a 100 mile radius, it's kind of a destination there. Here I'm spoiled. LOL
1	First off,  my first job was a carhop, ON SKATES, and I am much more gracious to others in that position. It can be stressful. I'm like that from when I was a waitress too, "just be patient, she's had a hard day." What I am saying is I can completely understand how hard it can be.I feel for you. Until my tummy feels the agonizing pain of waiting 25 minutes for some food.We watched others with larger orders receive their food. We saw couples walk up to the patio and finish before we received ours. The idea of being patient and gracious began to lose it's validity when the couple has left and the family of 4 is already grubbin' down in the table that was previously occupied by the couple that ordered after us and already ate. The carhop was nice, at least. Just in a hurry and lacked some people skills. But that's normal. I am kind of jealous that they get to wear rollerblades... All in all, I won't be returning. Not to the Avondale location. I've never had a bad experience at any other location, as a matter of fact, it's always been a pleasant experience at every other location, even as far as Prescott (we are couriers, we drive, a lot.)
5	Excellent service from the young lady working tonight! Thanks sonic!
1	Bad service.  Ordered a plain jr. hamburger and corn dog and i got 3 jr burgers with catsup ,mustard, and pickles and a corn dog.  All i got was an "I'm sorry".  Will have to travel farther to 99th and Indian school.
