3	Zales is where I got my beautiful heart necklace, from the shared hearts collection.  The piece was well-worth (price had dropped), and matched totally with my rose gold ring.  Too bad they don't have varieties of jewelry compared to Ben Bridges or Jared.  They don't carry Rolex!  WTH!  It was a small store, inside the mall.   The staff is helpful, but maybe a bit pushy since he tried hard to sell me the warranty, told me a story about how his girlfriend lost her necklace, yadeeyadeeya, but of course, being me, I calculated that the expense does not offset the risk.  His story may have worked with others, but not me.  Anyways, happy with my necklace that I approved by first checking it out online, but probably won't be coming back to Zales for a long time.
5	Wow we went to 4different jewels, Kay, Ben bridge, Zales and Jared, out of all the 4 we went to Zales first and we were interested on some bands, so then we thought lets take a look at Kay, Ben bridge then Jared, they had made me feel soooooo uncomfortable I ran back to Zales lol, the lady who help me (Cathy S.) made me feel like she was a friend, she made me feel so comfortable and helped me through everything and was so patient with me, anyways thank you Zales at gallaria mall at sunset :) yay!!!!! we got our rings :) will its coming inn in two weeks :)..
3	The wife and I go here biannually to get her wedding ring/band cleaned and polished up.  The staff is generally nice but not very attentive to you walking in for service.  We'll usually have to flag someone down to get the process going.  Other than that, Zales does their job the way that they are supposed to... just wish they were a little more attentive to their customers instead of hanging out behind the counter.
2	Let's see, I could probably say one associate took genuine interest in my concern, and I am terrible for not knowing his name, so to the slender man with the long hair! Thank you for that. I ordered something online that came to my apartment in my name and because it was a gift I was a little surprised, nonetheless, I opened it, the box was beautiful, but where was the gift message? Oh I don't know, perhaps typed on top of the receipt. Really unattractive, I went to the store just to inquire on how deliveries were, and was told that a separate card should have arrived. Ok, that's fine but I just shared that I was disappointed that it came this way because had it been opened by that person it would have been sad. Moving on, I leave to find out if things remembered engraved the tiny thing, no, so I go back to ask if they do, a different associate helps me and I wondered if she even considered that perhaps this had any importance to me... She dropped the pendant and I said "wow dropping it" she grabs it off the table and says to me, "sorry, angel" in a condescending tone...  My gift was an angel pendant. #thumbsupThe manager shakes her head both times I was there when the associates had to ask her something, did she try to find ways to help? Nope, an upsale could have happened there, thanks for the outstanding customer service zales! I really enjoyed my experience.#sarcasm
