3	Great to see a Total Wine closer to where I live.  Large selection and decent prices. Used the $10 off coupon from the newspaper to buy a nice Napa Cab this afternoon.
5	I think I've already wrote a review for Total Wine, but figured I'd write another for this new Scottsdale/Shea location, as it is closer to me and will probably be my new location to go to.I love that they put it in literally right behind BevMo....take that BevMo!  I cannot see how the heck BevMo will even stay in business with Total Wine right behind them.  The selection at TW is light years ahead of BevMo's....but even better, TW's prices are insane cheap compared to BevMo.If you need alcohol/wine, look no further.....drive right past BevMo and go to Total Wine, you will not come out of the store empty handed.
5	OMG! So excited there is a Total Wine at Scottsdale and Shea! You can't beat their prices...anywhere! Bev Who? The staff here actually know what they are talking about/selling and everyone I encountered was so friendly. The selection of booze, beer, and wine is outstanding. Wine tastings, multiple cashiers open, and a cigar section (but don't smoke, I don't want to see you on my floor as a patient)! So excited for it to be around the corner!!!!!!!
5	This Total Wine just opened right on Scottsdale and Shea.. Great location. Excellent selection & THE BEST prices anywhere.
5	I stopped here the day before Thanksgiving to pick up a few supplies for dinner the next day. Everyone was so super friendly and helpful, especially Tiara who was handling the tastings. She clued me on a few tasty treats like the veil espresso vodka and fennellys irish cream. Then on the champagnes like Jaillance and Satorsola Asti. Yummo! I could have stayed at the tasting area all evening but alas I had to get home to make pies. Thank you Total wine for your outstanding service and   low prices. Plus with the friendliest staff ever, what more can I ask for?
5	The most wonderful store .. the most hap, happiest store..... in the world!I seriously  love this place!We went on a Saturday because WE GOT  COUPONS IN THE MAIL!!!!!! COUPONS!!!! FOR ALCOHOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We walk in and wow, overwhelming in a good way! I am asked if I would like to sample a new vodka w/ some oj.  Yes, please!Everyone was helpful and nice.   Store is organized and clean.Prices are great! (and they have coupons, in case you missed that)You can sign up with your email and receive special offers!  FOR ALCOHOL!!!!!!!!!!!!(living in WA state for a year, where alcohol was controlled by state run liquor stores, is the reasoning for my excitement)They have wine tastings,classes, other adult beverage tastings....... HUGE SELECTION!My boss's hard to find German beer, got it! (bonus points for me!)They have the beer that we used to drink at these small breweries in Everett , WA and Mukilteo , WA !   ( Scuttlebutt Brewery and Diamond Knot Brewery)They also carry cans of beer that I haven't seen before,(easier when we go camping)  good beer, Four Peaks,Tons of local beer...can't wait to try many!They have 12 packs of Fat Tire   Ranger IPA (hard to find)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ENORMOUS wine selection. They will help you with selections and educate you about the wine, region etc....  You will impress at your next get- together.I love you Total Wine!
5	Total wine totally takes a crap on Bev Mo. This store has everything! The employees are also very knowledgeable. The other day we went in and my husband insisted I try red wine instead of sticking to my usual Riesling (I don't like change). So we asked one of the employees and he asked me a few questions then suggested a bottle of Malbec. The Malbec tasted amazing! I was so happy. For those of you who don't know, it's not only wine! You can find everything else. Total wine has helped us stock our bar and entertain our guests. Also, don't forget to chill your bottles before you leave!
5	You know how most chicks love Michael's?Think of this place as the Michael's for dudes.Aisle after aisle of craft beers. Handles of everything including Jager.And when they say Total Wine, they're not kidding. I saw wines from practically every country in the world except maybe Somalia or those really sandy, oily countries. They even have a tasting room, which you'll want to get the schedule app'd into your Iphone like right now. If there was ever a Mecca for the budding alcoholic, this place is it. Well maybe not exactly Mecca, since you'll likely be facing south after coming here.
5	This chain has the best selection and prices on wine and liquor.  On top of that they have the best service staff around.  It is always a pleasure to shop here and I look forward to learning something new from their talented staff on each trip.  They also have plenty of tastings going on every weekend so it gives you a good chance to "try before you buy".
5	Holy crap! Massive wine selection? Check. Bottles I've been craving but thought were only available in Italy? Check check. Organized by not only varietal and style but also a section for top-rated wines (for ease of quick shopping)? Checkmate. Oh, and the prices? Totally reasonable. I wish we had something like this in Portland.
5	Aweeeeeesome!! Best wine and beer selection and although I declined help from clerk at first I was humbled to need him later. He was a gentlemen and ended up picking the best wine ever!!! Next time I visit I will be back here for sure!! Btw the mango licorice is freaking amazing!!
5	Wine, booze and cigars. And friendly staff. There's not much else that needs to be said. Oh and great prices.The selection and prices they offer are great. The aisles are wide and clearly marked. The cigar room has a great selection as well and the prices are low.
5	Its like I died and went to beer heaven this place is amazing wish we had one of these in NM.
4	Great  helpful people, lots of wine BUT not a lot of hard to find, highly rated or verticles.  I buy some stuff from them but tend to go to the Village Wine Cellar in Scottsdale for the top end wines.
4	I've been here a few times and the selection is pretty good. I always seem to be buying mini liquor bottles - thank goodness they have a big stock! I had to buy 50 mini tequila bottles for a work related gift bag and wanted them on the cheaper side - luckily they had 4 different brands at $0.99 per bottle. It was a great deal! (Especially compared to Bevmo - where the cheapest tequila was at $2.99 per bottle!) The checkout clerk was nice and didn't make a fuss when she had to ring up 50 bottles. However, other customers were making fun of me and saying things about partying too hard. I was a little embarrassed but kept my smile. Overall, the customer service is nice and friendly. They've helped me find items I needed in the past as well. The store is rather large and I'm a little dumb when it comes to liquor types and brands, so I like it when someone knowledgeable can help me. I really think this place has a great selection and seems to have way more product than Bevmo. I think I've learned my lesson and will come here first if I ever need anything in the future.
4	This is my go to spot when my Wine rack is sparse and I need to load up on Wine.  There's a very large selection of Wine and most importantly, they have a great selection of Wine that's $5.99 or less....and the cheap Wine doesn't taste like 2 Buck Chuck either....it's great table Wine for everyday drinking.  I've bought over 300 bottles of Wine less than $5.99 at this place and have never thrown out a single bottle...that's a pretty good track record.They also have a nice selection of Beer and Spirits....although, I have to admit, this place is not always top of mind when I'm shopping for those type of alcoholic drinks.The staff here is very friendly and I enjoy browsing the employee selections, which are featured Wines the employees select.I'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 100%
5	This place is awesome and the service was great.
5	Love it!Literally: It is a Costco for alcoholics with the best prices in town.  Seriously.  Go there. Now.
4	I've never been to a bad Total Wine, and this one isn't extraordinary, but it's still very nice and clean with friendly employees.
5	This is a great place for the wine and other alcoholic beverages. It demonstrates the strength of the free market.  I live in Oregon where spirits are only sold in state run stores.  Part of my vacation is being able to experience Total Wine. The wines are only part of the experience but it is an important part. There is a selection of high end wines that interests me a lot but there are many drinkable wines available for less than $10. The whiskey selection is outstanding. The vodka selection is amazing too. The beer selection doesn't Interest me but seeing the variety should interest those who prefer the beverage. I usually buy bottled water too. There are some interesting ones and the price is usually less than the supermarket price for high end products. I enjoyed stopping at a store in West Orange, NJ one time. My brother-in-law called us when a store opened in Vancouver, WA because he had never before seen anything like this before Washington ended the state monopoly. I recommend going there the next time you purchase alcoholic beverages. Odds are you will find what you want and at a good price.
5	Had a wine tasting with wines from Italy. Scott was very knowledgable and made it a fun evening. Thanks for supporting the community!  Great Store and employees!
5	great customer service and excellent selection of booze.
5	Simply the best! They have everything, including an awesome selection of Rums and Beers!I have ordered online and the goodies are waiting for me!Staff is a little stuck up but when I ask for help, they are on the money finding my items and no messing around.Screw the Bevmo next door that deserves to crash and burn.
5	The More of Total Wine & More is why we went in.  While traveling we are always looking for unique and hard to find bourbons.  Ken was very knowledgable about their products and bourbon in general.  We really appreciated all the time he took with us to find just the right gift to bring back home.
5	The values that a big chain can give you with the personal touch of a mom and pop store.I probably spend too much here - but I do get a log of good wine that I wouldn't normally taste!
1	People lack knowledge at this location and have a hard time finding products. Went to bevmo around the corner and they helped me find my product immediately.
5	Perfect place to find everything. Staff was very knowledgable and happy to give suggestions.
