5	So happy to finally be checking in!! So far so good. PACKED on a Friday. Food and drink specials the same as other locations. THIS ONE IS THE BEST. YAY WEST SIDE!!!
5	Finally!!! I have been here twice already since it has opened and have not been disappointed. Service is great and the food is even better! I love their zipparitas (it's a good thing they only let you have 3-they are strong!!) I went on Friday and it was very very busy but you can't hate on a business for being awesome. Congrats on finally opening and I look forward to many more happy hours :)
5	I like this place. I had an excellent salad and they had stella on draught that was the best. Wait staff is friendly and spot on. Gina was her name. I have a lot of friends that come here. Great watching the world cup on a billion tv's! Nice job guys you make your competition look stale.
3	Was between 2 & 3 stars in trying to rate this place.....Service was good.  Waitress was from an established Zipps restaurant helping out for the opening--which was good as the place was packed.  The chips, salsa and guacamole were on special--the guacamole was great you could tell it was fresh.  The salsa was very mild and chips were a little greasy.  I had the tacos---I am pretty sure the chicken was from a can! The beef smelled like dog food.  Gross. My husband's sandwich was mediocre and fries were cold when he got them.We'll give them another shot since this is a new location, or maybe we'll just stick to the drinks!
2	You know the saying if you get good service you tell no one, but if you get bad service you tell 10 people well that's this case here. When this place gets busy good luck if you sit at the bar they look right past you to serve those standing with out a seat. I tried for 20 minutes to get a 2nd beer even raising my empty glass. They took my empty glass never asked if I wanted another and didn't get back to me for another 10 minutes. The guy next to me waited nearly 30 minutes to order food. He sat their with a menu in his face trying to grab the bartender to order. This place has been open for 2 weeks and is right across from Midwestern University. So the newness might or might not wear off and this place might slow down some that they could actually provide some sort of par level service.I went to this place on a Wednesday and a Friday night and only had the happy hour special food items.  It was just ok, nothing to brag about.
4	We tried zipps for the for first time and it was delicious. It's great food for a good price. They have awesome specials and it's family friendly. Definitely would recommend to a friend.
5	Great food and atmosphere and the Watermelon Zipperita is awesome
5	This place ROCKS! Huge TV's, plenty of room, good services, and a decent happy hour. To keep it short and simple.....GO HERE and check it out!!Caution.....Expect a long wait during happy hour and dinner time. Since it just opened, a lot of people are trying it right now.
2	I've been here four time since it opened. The food is fantastic but that's about it. The customer service is appalling.
2	Visited the new Glendale location on their 2nd day that they were opened. Visited around 1:00 PM and sat in the bar, served by Julie who was very nice and friendly and attentive. Ordered the burger with 1/2 order onion rings and 1/2 order of fries. Burger was average, fries were not that hot and the onion rings were not as good as I remember them when I used to visit one of their Scottsdale locations. Looked like the kitchen may have used a spatula to cut into the burger to see if it was cooked properly. I remember the food being better than this visit.Visited again a few days later on Friday. Three of us ordered food. The veggie burger's bun was served up hard, over toasted? The sweet potato chips are like potato chips and were not freshly made to order. My pizza slice was very bad. Little if any sauce on the dough less than average amount of cheese, sausage added to the top of the slice and then covered with grated parmesian cheese, the slice was not reheated so the cheese did not melt into the slice nor could it given the type of cheese used. SO SO disappointed in the pizza. We also ordered a 1000 Island burger. The burger was drenched in 1000 Island dressing and sat in a pool of sauce. Impossible to pick up to eat. This burger too appeared to have been cut into to determine if cooked properly. Sent it back to be redone and 2 minutes later the same food came out in a new basket without all the 1000 Island dressing, naturally the bun was soaked from before. Needless to say we walked out after discussing the issues with management and receiving $5 vouchers. Not sure we even want to try a 3rd visit.
3	This place recently opened up. From my short time living in Arizona, I can tell that sports bars are hugely popular here (not that they aren't popular elsewhere). But I digress.I'm not going to lie and say that I'm an avid sports fan, but for those who are, there are several big screen TVs to watch games on. Parking does get sparse when a big game is on, so you may have to park on the street.I came here for Happy Hour and ordered a Strawberrry Zipparita for $4 and some french fries. The zipparita was really yummy and strong (guess that's why they limit it to 3 per person) but the french fries were pretty standard and nothing to write home about. Our waitress was very upbeat and friendly, and overall no complaints.
4	I've been here twice now (both times for US Soccer games).  I can't speak to normal days here, but if the service and experience I had is any indication, they should have no problem keeping the masses happy during regular business hours.As with so many sports bars, this place was incredibly packed for the US World Cup games.  Zipps new location in Glendale is more than worthy of the crowds they got as they have dozens of TVs across the entire restaurant plus a big jumbotron TV in the middle of the restaurant.  There's tons of seating in the restaurant and the bar area, all with great viewing angles.Both times I came here for the games, the service from the waitresses was prompt, professional, and friendly.  Even with standing room only crowds, I never had an issue getting the attention of my waitress and she came by regularly to check on me.  The food here is pretty stand bar fare.  I've sampled a couple of different appetizers here now (quesadilla and chicken tenders) and its pretty much what I expected.  It was adequate and tasted pretty much like the food I've had at other Zipps locations.  I haven't had any of their main dishes yet so I can't speak to those.So don't take this review as an indication of their broader food menu, but moreso as a great place to watch a big game.  The setup is awesome and the west valley residents have clearly embraced it.  One quick tip:  Park in the parking lot north of Melting Pot as the inner parking lot is super small and gets crowded.
1	Just tried out this Zipp's location and I must say I am very disappointed. We started with the chips and salsa, it took over 20 minutes to get to our table and there was no seasoning on it. For our entrees I ordered the chicken focaccia with a side salad and my husband ordered the BBQ shrimp skewers. It took almost another half an hour to get those and what we received was not worth the money. My chicken focaccia was no more than chicken wrapped in a tortilla and for whatever reason the tortilla was wet and soggy. None of the shrimp on my husband's shrimp skewers were deveined so, he basically was not able to eat half of his meal. Naturally, I asked for the manager. When he came to our table he did not introduce himself, he only saId "I hear there is a problem." I told him the situation and he asked if we would like anything else but we declined because we did not want to wait another 30 minutes for new food. All the manager did was take my entree off the bill because I did not eat any of it. Other customers in the restaurant were complaining about the food as well, one guy even asked us "who did you talk to about the food up in this joke!" The only positive thing I can say about Zipp's is, their Bloody Mary's are pretty good. We won't be going back to Zipp's!
4	I'm so happy Zipps has finally opened. It's been a long wait. This Zipps is huge! Well equipt with several HDTV's and the usual Zipps shuffleboard. I was there for the two games US played in the world cup and the vibe was something else! Everyone was chanting, celebrating US goals and it was such a great time! Glendale really needed this out here. While it may be packed on game days and parking may be slim to none, Zipps is super fun and their zipparitas and special wings are GREAT! They limit you to 3 zipparitas, as they should because they are incredibly strong. Cheers to having a Zipps in Glendale! Hooray!
4	Zipps yes everyone's been before, but this ones new clean and HUGE. Same great food and zipperitas. Make sure to add a shot of chambord.
4	My fiance and I have been counting down the days for this Zipps to open! It is HUGE! Went opening day, and have been back about 7 times. Service is always great, although it is packed all the time (but I can see why!!) There is nothing on the west side, so its nice to have something like this open up.Only complaint: Stay away from the onion rings! I ordered them a few times and they are no good. Very hard batter and no flavor. Everything else is right on point though.They also have a good happy hour.
4	Wow!!! Finally!! After over a year of waiting Zipps is finally open and wow it's great. Been here a few times since the opening and had a great time each time. We have sat at the bar and enjoy chatting it up with the bartenders and servers. Everyone seemed friendly. Also the happy hour is great and my wife loves those zipperitas! Late happy hour is not bad either. I've yet to try food so I'll update my review once I do. Also, the inside is huge and the best looking Zipps so far! It has a real open feel and is super cool with all of the sport teams on the wall. I'm a little offended because I can only find 1 UofA on the wall.lol.My only complaint it the lack of local craft beer selection on tap. Most of the beers are all big names popular beers, but it love local craft beer. There is only one, Desert Eagle red which is alright. I'd like to see some more local az beers such as Four Peaks or San Tan and maybe rotate some taps to change things up. If Zipps had that I would be giving it a 5 star plus rating!!  Oh well, still a cool place and it's close to home so I'll be here more often.
4	Came back for our 3rd visit during Friday night happy hour,  much improved,  tried the raspberry, strawberry and apple Zipparita, all 3 were good. Excellent chips, guacamole and salsa, plus cheese pizza. ALSO ordered Golden sweet wings had a kick to them. Would come back again.
5	Finally open!! I have to say it has been worth the wait.  Went here to see a playoff soccer game on their huge 9 screen to make 1 big screen high definition TVs.  The place is very upscale and as usually the food is great.  I've gone to Zipps at other locations and you cant go wrong with just about anything.  I love the wings, their burgers are great, and of course they have plenty of alcohol (I usually hang at the bar).  It is still casual and I cant wait for football season to start.  Parking blows near the front but you can park in back on the north side of the complex and the walk is still close.
1	If I could zero stars I would have. It took 30 min to get our drinks, when we finally got our food it was like eating a leather belt and a belt would have been much better. Then to top it off our waitress disappeared never to return and took another 30-40 minutes to get our check. I wouldn't waste your time!
3	Some friends and I stopped by for drinks and to grab a bite to eat after softball on a Thursday evening. The bar was packed and had a great atmosphere. The drink specials were good and there were lots of TVs. Service was just okay. The food was NOT good. We ordered chips and salsa and pizza, and somehow both did not taste good. I'm not sure how it's possible to make bad chips and salsa. The pizza was really bland and someone with us accurately described it as tasting like a lunchable. I would come again for drinks and to watch a game, but certainly not to eat!
5	The Buffalo Chicken Foccaccia is the best I've ever had. Been going to Zipps in McCormick Ranch for years just for this wrap and now it is closer to home -- yeah!!!Hubby had the Green Bay Chili which had the perfect amount of heat, plus the consistency was perfect also -- not too thick, not too runny.And, if you're ever missing a good old fashioned Root Beer Float,  do your taste buds a favor and get theirs!!! Yum Yum yummy!!!Great service, great food, great place makes for a great time.
3	Pretty good food. Beer specials not bad. Have all the games on. But the speakers overhead blasting music is a bit much. Everyone has to yell at each other to talk. Not really good if you want to kick back with a cold one!!!
4	Good food, strong drinks, good specials, lots of tvs, 2 pool tables, shuffle board table and misted patios. What else more do you want from a sports bar? :)
5	SOOOO happy this place finally opened! Glendale needed a nice bar with good food! We have been coming here every weekend now! The golden wings have by far become my favorite, so yummy! The food is good and guess what...? The prices arent even that bad! always friendly servers. also have cool shuffle board games, and the outside patio has misters..ALOT. you don't even feel hot when you go out there i love it!
3	Ok, so you get what you pay for. This place is cheap. Solid prices on food and drinks all around make for a great place to get drunk and watch a game. The food is not bad, but not good. The fries are limp and soggy and the burgers drip with grease so much the bottom bun is soggy as soon as it arrives. The wraps are better, but mostly bread. The beer selections is not great, mostly domestic with a couple decent selections, but nothing worth getting excited abiut. We had solid service when it was busy, our waitress was attentive and polite.
3	We have been eagerly anticipating this place opening for about a year, and we finally tried it out last night.  Overall,  it was a very nice experience.  The space is inviting and lively.  There are TVs everywhere, which is mandatory for a great sports bar.  The staff was incredible, very warm and inviting.  The food was a cut above the usual sports bar food.  The reason I didn't give another star is the extremely weak beer selection.  It seems to totally ignore the existence of quality craft beers.  Particularly noticeable is the absence of any Arizona beers.  If this is fixed, this place will be one of our go-to spots!
3	Really good burgers, sweet potato chips and cold beer.  Skip the onion rings!  Horrible batter,  way too much! Our server basically blew off our feedback on the onion rings.  They also forgot my wife's condiments for her burger. I'll give them a second try..
4	What a fun place to have close to home! Definitely more of a place to come for drinks, not to eat. We came on a Friday night & this place was packed! Luckily it's huge so we were seated right away. They had some awesome music playing, albeit loud, but we were here for a good time so it didn't bother us. I noticed they had $3 jaeger shots so we each started with those.  My husband ordered buffalo wings & I ordered the caesar salad foccacia wrap.  A few shots later our food came out. My husband loved his wings, my wrap was just meh.  Not much chicken & the fries that came with it were so soggy & greasy that they were inedible. Probably 2 stars for the food. I also ended the night with one of their $3 Zipparitas which was so unbelievably strong that my husband had to help me finish.  We will definitely be back soon, just not for food.  Their happy hours & reverse happy hours are awesome, something new every day of the week.
4	Great new neighborhood spot. Lots of TVs, not too noisy, good overall ambiance. Came with family (3 kids) Friday at 3pm. Kids had the Healthy Kid, wife and I had cheeseburgers. They don't use frozen patties (though each patty is kinda small), and fries looked freshly cut and weren't drowned in salt/seasoning. Had the 32 oz beer for $3.75 (happy hour), cheaper than the 16 oz. The only things to complain about were the chips and onion rings, both were not so good.Overall good experience. Will definitely come back.
1	I have no idea why this bar is so packed you can't find parking!  It must be the location.  My beer came in a huge mug and was not very cold. We got happy hour pizza which was a frozen microwaved pizza(it was disgusting!) we ordered sweet potato chips and they were black and burned.  We sent them back for new ones and the waitress said they make them in the morning so the whole batch is burnt.  Really?  If  you want a good, inexpensive sports bar where you can actually watch sports...go down the road to Bell and go to Santissi Brothers, Paddre Murphes or over to Cactus and go to Stackers. But Zipps is awful!
2	Decent happy hour beer prices...and an overall good vibe.  But the food is terrible.  It looks really appetizing but has no flavor whatsoever.  The chicken green chili rolls had white meat chicken and cheese and green chilis wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and deep fried.  What's not to like, right?  Well yeah, there was no taste at all.  It didn't even taste like cardboard, just like nothing.  The salsa also was very bland.  I have to say though that the guac was not bad.  So, go there to drink and to watch the 10,000 TVs they have but not for the food.
1	Been here three times, giving them three chances to improve.  Every time I've been here, the service has been awful.  First time, it took 30 minutes for food to get to my table, and about 10 minutes for a refill on my lemonade, there were about 20 people at most in the whole place.  Second time I came in for just a drink on a WEDNESDAY night with a friend of mine, went to the patio, notified the hostess that I will be outside and she said that's fine you don't have to tell me.  Waited outside for about 15 minutes with a few waitresses that walked by, seen I have an empty table, and finally one asked if I've been helped.  I said no, and she said ok, I'll get someone for you.  About 5 minutes later, a waitress opens the door and asks what we want, while holding the door open as in hurry up and tell me so I can go back inside and do nothing.  Ordered a couple drinks, waited another 15 minutes  and a different waitress brings them, stating she's going to take care of us.  About 20 minutes later, she asks if need anything, check please.  Third time, came in, waited 10 minutes at the table, finally got approached, ordered a water and a coke.  Another 10 minutes, she comes back to ask me what I ordered again, then it came in after another 10 minutes.  So in about the next 15, got approached, ordered food. Fries and a focaccia.  Took an HOUR and 15 minutes for food to get here. 50 cents for ranch.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for a bar. I had four drinks in two hours along with dinner and the waitress cut me off. I was no where closed to being even buzzed. Was really offensive. Wouldn't come back unless I sat at the bar directly.
2	The food was good.  My husband loved the wing sauce but they were undercooked.  The service at the bar was great BUT when we moved to a table for 12 the service sucked!  We had to get our own silverware and napkins then small plates.  The waitress was not even friendly and if she stopped at one end of the table for an order we had to flag her down for service at the other end.  Should have circled the table.
4	We go to Goldie's when we're in the East Valley, but we live at Anthem and they suggested Zipps.  The food was every bit as good.  The Golden wings- medium are delicious!  We did get some hot and they seemed to be too hot and took away the flavor.  The fries are very fresh with the skins still on.  We all had the focaccia.  My husband had the buffalo and said it was amazing!  He doesn't like celery and it came with large chunks of celery which were easy for him to pull off.  My sister and I shared a Monoco and that dipping sauce was drinkable!  It was delicious.  They serve Coke products.  The decor was awesome.  It was very industrial looking with garage doors that opened.  They said on nice days, they open them and in the winter they have fire places outside to sit by.  The server was new but was on top of it.  No waiting on a Sunday at 1pm and the service was quick.  Will be putting this one on a regular rotation.  An appetizer wing basket has about 10 good size wings.  Our bill for the app, 3 drinks and 2 sandwiches & fries was $35.  Didn't think that was bad at all.
3	Food: Nachos with chicken. Nacho chips topped with melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream, salsa, and black olives. Tastes like your standard nachos. The chicken was a little dry. The chips got soggy mid-way. $2 Domestic beer 2 pt special. Service: I came here on a Saturday night at 9pm. Our waitress didn't come by as often as I would like but it was understandable, this place was packed. I had to circle the parking lot twice to find parking. Our waitress was happy to split our bill. Final thoughts: I would definitely come back. This is a pretty chill spot to hang out with friends.
3	Ok so we have been here several times. Close to the house and good prices. But I have to drop them a star from the music. I can't take how boring it is anymore. The past 3 times it's gotten to me so bad that I want to leave. I've told my wife that the music is pleasing to women, and Zipps is actually smart because I've never seen a sports bar with so many women I'm it so they are doing something right. But for me, the music puts me to sleep. I doubt I'll be back here very often. Maybe for a game day they will be good??
5	Love this place!   Great amatmosphere to hang out to have a drink or watch a game.  The food is good too, an extensive menu for a sports bar.  Pretty much something for everyone.
5	Great new location, plenty of open space, HUGE tvs, and same great Zipps food and prices!!
5	Ugghhh we waited forever for this place to open!! It did not disappoint! I always laugh when I hear people complain about a sports bar. This place is new to our area and is still working out the bugs, but I agree Natasha does rock as a waitress! Their food is really good, and since I don't like to wait to drink and watch sports.. I suggest all the complainers go somewhere else. Solves all our problems! I'm pretty sure that most people know better than to hoist their  feet up on a chair at an establishment that counts that chair as profit... I'm guessing you're a Dental Student.. Hmmm? Sound a little too entitled. Anyway great venue!!! Difficult to park though so take a cab and drink away!!
2	First time customer with my husband and kids and friends. The other patrons consisted of mostly families with children and older adults. The service was fine, the food also was decent bar fare. My problem was with the noise. The volume of the music in the restaurant was so loud we had to shout at each other to be heard. This was at 4 in the afternoon mind you, and I felt as though I was in a pick up bar at midnight. I not wimpy or old, but have no interest in fighting to be heard above Kati Perry singing at a ridiculously high decibel. Sorry to say I will not be back.
4	About time the west side got a great sports bar! Amazing drink specials and great looking people. Servers are very friendly.  Golden wings were great but the nachos need more chips lol. If you want to catch a big game get there early because it fills up.
5	This place is great! Fast service, great food and the employees seem very happy. We've been twice so far and we will be back a lot more!
4	It's about freakin' time that a place like this open up in the Northwest Valley!  That also proves problematic though because this place is ALWAYS packed and it's hard to get a spot in the bar.  More times than I can count we have walked in, haven't found a single seat anywhere in the huge bar area, and left.  The beers they have on tap leave a lot to be desired.  Where's all the craft beer selection?  It's pretty non-existent.  We do love the dessert cookie with ice cream on it.  Sooo good!
3	Decent burgers, but nothing fancy. The fries could also use some love. They are quite soggy without much flavor. If you want to hang out with family and friends, and if you don't care much about food quality, then Zipps is where you should go.
2	It took this place forever to open, so you would think that they would have had more time to find friendlier employees.  I had bad luck at another Zipps with their policy that you need to fill the table you sit at, or you can't sit there until your whole party has arrived.  I decided to give this place a try for happy hour last week.  Luckily our whole party arrived at the same time so we were able to snag a booth, but the service was mediocre, the waitresses seemed unhappy and unfriendly, and my drink sloshed over the edge as the waitress set it down.  The drinks were cheap and the food was okay, but I probably wouldn't make this a regular spot on the happy hour circuit, and I certainly wouldn't choose this place to spend a whole Saturday watching football.
1	My sister doesn't eat anything with feet she ordered a fish burrito I ordered a chicken one when we got our food we questioned them several time to make sure which was which they assured us we had it right my sister was a couple bites in before I realize I was eating fish... My sister was sick for the rest of the night very upset
5	After a Horrible violating time at tailgaters down the street this place was amazing, good food and service, no molesters and great specials! Our new go to bar for sure!
4	This is a new, rather large location.  There's lots of room between tables which makes it more comfortable than some similar places that are very crowded.  Food is very good, as it is at all their locations that I've tried.  My favorite is the golden wings, which are unique and very tasty.  Choose your heat level.  I've had the hot and extra hot, with the extra hot being my favorite.  They really aren't that insane in spice level, but the pepper flavors really come out nicely (and now I'm drooling while writing this review).Unfortunately, it is a sports bar so on certain nights of the week and certain seasons it's just loud and full of people screaming at the TVs.  It would probably be a five-star place if it wasn't for the often-annoying environment that creates.There's a pretty decent-sized patio too, and that stays pretty quiet.Service has always been efficient and friendly.  I have been to this location a half-dozen times, and have never had any problem with slow service or any other issue.  It's very consistent.
3	What happened to the wings?  They got smaller and not as good.  You were my favorite place for wings, please don't get cheap on us!
2	Decent atmosphere. Horrible service. I don't know how difficult it is to give a customer a lemon with their water after they've asked for it three times. Then when you go to the bar to get your own lemon you are grilled as to why you need only one lemon. I'm a customer and would like just a lemon and after I explain why, you seriously just need to stop with the questioning and give me a lemon.
2	We were in town for the weekend and visited this restaurant for dinner and drinks. We heard this location had just opened a few months ago. I'll start with the positive. The beers are cold and there are plenty of TV's to watch sports on. The staff was friendly and the place was clean. They even have an outdoor patio with a mist system.Aside from that, I cannot recommend this place. The running theme on the food, BLAND! Onion Rings, burned and tasteless. Mushroom Burger, bland. Shrimp Skewers, pretty good but taste was the BBQ sauce they were brushed with. Chicken Nachos, awful. They tortilla chips are made there and were thin, greasy and very soggy! The chicken, looked like it was out of a can or tube. And again, bland! I suggested sending the salt & pepper shaker on our table back to the cook so they could use it. Not on my return visit list.
3	Great place to hang out, drink a beer, and watch sports with the guys. Wide range menu with good "bar food." Super busy and loud. Surprising amount of kids around at dinner time.
1	Went here to watch the asu game with my wife and daughter. after waiting 45 min which im not complaining about a table opened in the bar area which we sat down at. After ordering our drinks and my daughter a water the manager comes over and tells us we cant sit there because my pregnant daughter who is over 21 but did not bring her purse could not show i.d to be in the bar area. The stupid manager who could not use common sense points out a sign that is being blocked by people standing that says no one beyond here under 21. Clearly she saw my 6 month pregnant daughter and a water glass and because she looks younger than she is said we had to leave and would not get us a table and said we would have to wait and not get us another table. Next time zipps should hire a manager with a little common sense. Will not b spending my money here anymore....
4	Good sports environment, good food. I usually get the black and bleu burger and I add bacon. Pretty delicious.
5	Love this place! Best zipparitas and wings! Love coming here with my boyfriend and friends to watch games. This place is huge and TVs are everywhere!
1	Incredibly greasy even for bar food standards. Grease was dripping off the food and all over your fingers. Just like others reviews server vanished. Bad food and service.
1	The customer service is appalling. This place on a scale of one to ten, its a "ZERO" The food is greasy and Management does not give a crap!!!! They think its OK to treat customers like trash. This place is a dump !!!!
5	Great wings with great service. I have been here over twenty times and have not been dissapointed by anything here.
4	Good place. Great location. Good grub. But please.... If you guys read reviews about your own place... Please please please change the music on the patio. This station you've chosen appears to be targeting 12 year old prepubescent girls. Ugh. I can't believe that your clientele (mostly sports loving dudes) wants to hear these mushy declarations of love-cheese. In conclusion... Awesome place. But please check out some other musical alternatives :-)PS. Officially the best hot wings! Hot is actually hot. Yum.
2	Great place to have a drink and watch a game.  We've done this a few times.  Do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else.  We've NEVER had good food here.  It's always a disappointment.  Each time we order we're hopeful.  Just today I ordered a salad dressing on the side.   It came soaked dressing.  She took it right back and a half hour later after my husband was done eating my salad arrived.  If you want to eat here lower your expectations like I should have.
2	Had the blu cheese burger and fires. Burger was just ok and the fries were not good at all. way over cooked and no taste.
3	This place is average quality. The food was good, no complaints, but the service was definitely lacking. Just small stuff, like ordering a side of ranch, getting it when I had 2 onion rings left on my plate, and still getting charged $0.50 for it. I might come back during happy hour for beer and appetizers to watch a game, on account of those specials looked pretty good, but for a regular dinner, it definitely won't be on my list of options.
5	Great atmosphere and a good place to watch a game. They have some of the best chicken wings in town. There is always good drink and food  specials.
2	I want to like this place so badly. Every time I ask people to meet me at Zipps, I get moans and groans. They do it anyways because they love me, but thats besides the point. I like this place because of the decor, and the cheap drinks. (And FYI im not a broke-ass, i am in the bar industry so I drink cheap, and tip fat. Its good karma.)    However,  every visit to Zipps, there is one thing that stands out. The SERVICE. It blows, plain and simple. Its what is slowing driving me away to other bars. Its why my friends dont want to go. You can have the best specials, the best food, the best atmosphere; although all of that becomes obsolete when you piss off all your paying customers with really lousy service .   I only sit in the bar area. I feel so mean by saying this. But these bartenders SUCK..badly. Always looking down, trying to avoid eye contact. Two bartenders on a slow Thursday night, 10 people sitting at the bar. Us three were the only ones sitting on the side by the pool tables. The bartenders both passed us by for at least 5 minutes without being greeted. I got served a drink without the garnish. Asked for the garnish, was ignored. Asked the other bartender 15 minutes later, once we finally got his attention. He also forgot. I got up and grabbed the bucket of fruit myself. Been served multiple times by the same bartender,  still dont know her name. We even called her by the name on her jersey all night. She didnt care. She was clearly unhappy. None of them are ever smiling. Different occasion-  I ordered a salad after a friend recommended it. I asked for the bbq and salsa on the side, because I wanted to try it the way its served, but I am a picky eater. So I also ordered regular salad dressing on the side incase I didnt like it. Food runner comes out, and bartender tells him the order is wrong. (It had the bbq and salsa tossed in the salad) He proceeded to argue with her over my order, so she gives it to me anyways to see if I like it. Of course, I didn't like it. She never came back to ask me how it tasted. So I pick out all the chicken and dip it into my regular dressing, and leave the rest of the giant salad, still hungry. If you like cheap drinks, and dont mind getting shitty service. Zipps is for you!  Servers & bartenders: you are not entitled to a good tip. You have to earn it like the rest of us. Treat all your customers as if they were all going to leave you a 100$ tip. You will see an increase of income, even if it isnt a 100$ tip. I know these servers will know exactly who I am. I hope to receive better service in the future.
4	This place is great all around, and I'm here a few times a month.  The wings are excellent, and completely unique.  Particularly the golden wings.  I've never had any wings like those.The menu has a pretty huge variety and everything I've had is good.  Another unique and tasty item is the mozzarella sticks, which are wrapped with a wonton wrapper instead of the usual breading.Service is pretty consistent.
2	Two stars. It's great to have tons of TVs BUT the TVs have to be in front of you to watch them! Expect to break a neck trying to watch a game here or grab binoculars so you can see TVs on the opposite side of the room .....
3	Ordered onion rings and the BBQ bacon burger. Everything tasted fine but the onion rings were very doughy and soggy with little flavor. Same with the fries the past 3 times I've been. Staff meets standards but don't go above and beyond to connect with guests. It was a decent experience.
3	Foods amazing, service blows.
1	Went to zipps around 4 o'clock on a Tuesday.  May have been a total of 20 people there.  A coworker and myself sat a a high top. 5 mins went by and no one acknowledged us. Finally walked to the bar to order. After our first beers came, a waitress showed up.  I believe her name was (Feather). She seemed ok and asked if we needed anything.  After I finished my first beer she came and asked if I needed another.  I got another and ordered wings at that time.  Beer came promptly.  Around this time the bar started to fill up.  Then 30 plus minutes went by, our beers were way past gone  others tables were getting food, and we had not seen our waitress (Feather ) or our wings. Ended up leaving hungry and pissed, way to go Zipps!!
5	Glad that I didn't trust the off reviews I've read on here and tried the Arrowhead location for myself. After walking out of a local sports bar that was not on their game, we decided to try Zipps in Glendale. I must say, I was surprised! I had a great time Friday night.The place was packed. And Wow... some really cute guys in here. ;) Everyone was either watching a game, hanging with friends, laughing and/or just having a great time! Definitely not the same atmosphere from other sports bars within the area. Anyways, I ordered a Coors Light, Wings, fries & Salad. My food was excellent! The Wings were super crispy and super tasty. The golden wing sauce was really yummy. My beer was ice cold. Our server was extremely friendly and totally on top of things...she had no name tag, so I can't give her a thumbs up on here because I don't remember her name. But, I must say, the customer service at this location is really great! We saw our server at least 10 times and the manager must have stopped at our table to talk to us like 3 times. Definitely makes your experience pretty amazing when you have a fun atmosphere, great service and super yummy food! Zipps, you sure nailed it last night. Trifecta! :)
2	Lots of tvs to watch the game. Would be nice if you could have a drink while doing so. Service is terrible, their system of multiple people serving you creates confusion and problems. Food can be hit or miss when you finally get it.
4	The golden wings are consistently good.  The mozzarella sticks are deep fried in a nice thin won ton style wrappers. The philly cheese steak focaccia was surprisingly good with a different but good bread. Beers are cheap on happy house and all the games are always on.
4	Good sports bar. Love the wings but be careful. Hot is really hot! Good burgers and fries. Would like more craft beers but they seem to prefer the basics. The focaccia sate awesome. This has become our go to sports bar.
2	Came back after 5 months to check it out again. If you want a beer and watch a game it's OK.  There is no reason to eat here. It's mediocre at best and nothing stands out. Too bad Arrowhead needs more quality options!!!
3	I didn't know what to think as this was my first time but I as well as my date were not impressed with the food or service. The burger was very dry and the French fries were awful. My date had a focaccia which was more of a wrap the focaccia and was ok. The server didn't want to be working it seemed. I gave it a 3 star as its ok but nothing special considering there are other choices in the area that are better in the sports grill area
2	The food is always good but the service has been very poor every time I go. We started getting carry out over dining it because of how poor the service is.
1	Horrible service but the food is good. I went to the Zipps on camelback all the time and was so excited when this one opened up in Glendale. Other than the food this is NOT the same restaurant. I always order my food to go to avoid the horrible management restaurant chain atmosphere and poor service. Disappointing.
3	A good place to catch a game or two. Also their nightly specials after 8 are pretty good. They are a great place to snag a slice of pizza and a cold beer. They have the basic selection. Also they do have some pretty good dessert choices.
4	my 2nd zipps I have been too and this one blows away the other one. Talked my Grandma into coming here with a friend and some other family members to watch some football. This place is massive and has tvs everywhere compared to the other zipps ive been to. This is the one you want to come watch football at.I ordered the green chili burger and a few zipperitas and everything was great. When im back in town I will come here to watch some sports and eat.
2	I have been going to Zipps around the valley since 2006, but they all have been in the central or east valley. I was very happy to see a Zipps open up on my side of town; now my I can have my sports fan friends meet me on my side of town. The first time I get a group together - it's because the ASU bowl game and the University of Kentucky basketball game was on at the same time. What better place to watch both than my favorite sports bar. I know they'll have both games on - I know my Devils are playing but UK and Louisville are both undefeated.  To make sure this would be a good spot and they would play the basketball game too, I called ahead and they said it would be no problem. Now I applaud Zipps for putting ASU on the big screen and every screen, but when we requested to see the UK game it could only be put on a TV that was behind our table not even on a TV that 1ft away from another TV both playing the ASU game. Come on, I'm alumni and and sports fan and that's just ridiculous and silly. So then, the manager says we can take over the patio. (Nice we get out out in the cold) the manager says we can have a certain spot by the fireplace - o go figure the minute we get up to move a family of 12 sits there. So we try and sit by the TVs you can see most of them are crappy screens and of course the heater doesn't work. So we get to sit in the middle of the patio looking at a blurry Picasso rendition of our teams playing big games. The food was Zipps food, but it was so so. The only thing keeping me from walking out is I still had beer in my 32oz mug. Did I mention I called ahead? Way to come up short Zipps.
1	Went to Zipps today to get some beer and food after a great game of golf. Was extremely disappointed. After arriving our beer too almost 30 minutes to get for our entire table. I understand we had a big table of 15 but how long can it take. From there it took 45 minutes to receive our food. Our longest food item was pizza, which took 30 minutes, yet it still took that long to get everything out. Our food was cold, which did not sit well with everyone. Finally, when discussing this with their manager, she did not provide any relief beyond more "Zipps bucks."  Im not sure who you are but this does not help not cunt towards making day. My group was not the nicest but even though I handled the situation there was no resolve. This was the worst service ever and I do not recommend anyone going there again.  I would hope a business like this cared about their customers vs. ruining their outing. Cheers!
1	Nice venue,plenty of tv screens for watching games.golden wings were good.food otherwise was fair to poor. Fries and onion rings were cold. Service was slow. Waitress even acknowledged that rings are usually bad. Need to improve kitchen. Would not go back.
4	I love the wings at zipps but this location doesnt use enough sauce otherwise this place is great!  Also the fries are amazing!
2	I probably will not go back to Zipps. There are a million other bars in town. I tried it over the holidays. We went for happy hour, early on a Tuesday night. The bar was not busy but it took forever to get drinks. When we did order food, it came at different times and it was cold and soggy. We requested the fries be extra crispy and even on the second try they we not. The plus was the large beers, in cold mugs at a good price.
