4	I saw the sign go up on the building about a month ago while driving to work and I did a little happy dance!  Half Price Books was opening a new store!I love going to Half Price books, they almost always have what I am looking for, and like the name, they are half off of the retail price!  They have a huge selection and the store is organized so well that it makes finding what you are looking for a breeze.  The store is always clean and the staff is friendly, and when you are done with your books, just bring them back, get the cash and buy more books!
3	This isn't one of the better Half Price Books I've found. It's too new, I guess, and hasn't managed to buy as many interesting books from customers (for a pittance, as usual). Convenient location, though.
5	I was so excited when I saw that a Half Price books was opening so close to my house. I went today for the first time and it was awesome! The inside kind of looks like a poor mans version of Barnes  & Noble. Only better, because the books cost half the price and there are less homeless people. I really like they way they organize and categorize the books. For example, if you're looking for a romance book you don't have to search through fiction, they have it broken down in romance and then separate sections even within romance. This makes it easy to find a book for when you know what genre you want but don't have a specific author or title in mind. It's nice that after you finish your books you can sell them back for cash or store credit. Since most of the store is made up of used books or overstock they don't have a ton of new releases but the ones they do have are a smokin deal at half the price.
5	I rarely give 5 stars. That's perfect or "As good as it gets" as Yelp says. I believe this is the case with Half Price Books on Camelback  Rd.Let me explain:I'm an avid reader across a very wide body of topics. I just LOVE to read. I love a good bookstore too. While I go to Borders and shop on Amazon, there's nothing that beats a good discovery at a used book store.I go to used bookstores wherever I am and Half Price's locations across the country became an early favorite. Clean, well organized with friendly knowledgeable staff and some good finds as well as a healthy selection of popular topics.While it's not as cheap as it used to be (and not as much bang for your buck on sell backs) I have been noticing some very welcome improvements:1) They're starting to electronically catalogue their items. They say they'll be able to check other locations' inventory next year.2) They keep their Information Technology section up to date and well organized. As I said I work in IT and it bugs the crap outta me to see a 10 year old book (may as well be 100 years old with no value).3) I appreciate their attention to detail in separating 'Raw Food' cookbooks from Vegan and Specialty Diets. This goes the same for the separation of Database books from Data Warehousing and Computer Languages.4) Great Hours. In fact their hours are more comprehensive than the local Borders.5) Great content. I'm discovering quality books in sections I never knew, this is something I just can't do online - wander a bookstore.They do sometimes run outta free coffee. Those b@stards!
3	I'm always looking for a good book to read during lunch hour at work, and recently was in need of some new reading material.  I work right across the street from this bookstore, and took a stroll on lunch to see what kind of selection they had.The store is a nice size, and set up by theme-travel, cooking, etc.  I wandered through and found the non-fiction/memoir section, and was pleased to find the book that I had wanted...for only $7.98!  NICE!  I think I was in the store no more then 10 minutes, and I got what I had wanted.Prices here are great, selection okay.  There's a lot to choose from, but I'm a picky reader, so I generally flock to the memoirs and autobiographies for my reading, personally.  Not much into sci-fi, or fiction myself, unless its a really specific title.I will probably be back, and really enjoyed my time here.  Cute store with friendly staff, and awesome prices.  If your in the area, check it out!
4	I've been coming here for about a year now for discount literature, and great reference and textbooks. Their staff is eminently friendly and helpful, they have rare editions of classics, a great used music and DVD section, and even free gourmet coffee. It's definitely worth the drive into Central Phoenix - all the more because it's within a few blocks of Trader Joe's, Total Wine & More, Duck and Decanter, and about 2 dozen other great stores where I can make a beautiful little shopping spree out of it if need be! The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because I have been able to find a few selections in more pristine condition and at a much better discount at the Scottsdale Civic Center Library's bookstore (but they don't have near the selection that Half Price does).
4	Can't come here for a quick stop. I'll get distracted, or rather attracted to some random section that has 10 different books I have to page through on the spot. I can't hold it against the place obviously, but I have a hard time controlling myself! So many books, so little cost. Not to mention a cozy, quiet atmosphere conducive to losing track of time.Love the cooking and health/fitness sections. I'm never looking for anything in particular, but I always find something that I may or may never read. What does it matter when it's $5? Sure I'll become a master of my personal finances someday now that I have a book on it. I might also learn a thing or two about chakras. But I'll probably have read most of it in the store before I even buy it. Sometimes I page through the old school cd's too - you never know when that Ace of Base album will spark some kind of early 90's craving in your heart. But isn't that the essence of this store? Do I NEED any of this? No, but it's an affordable pleasure. That's hard to find in this crappy economy; I indulge.
3	Pretty good location. This is a fairly new location and has yet to prove itself with hdden treasures like the PV Mall store. However in a pinch, it works for me.
4	This store is pretty big and the best part, dog-friendly! Lots of parking here and great location near the Biltmore and Town Center, so if you're out and about with your pup already, this makes for a great stop. Dogs are allowed inside as long as they're leashed and well behaved. They have a great  selection of books and the prices are very affordable. I think the way they have the books organized can be better, but really not an issue as you can find the types of books you want pretty easily. Not only do they have great priced books, but discounted gift ideas like stationary, cards, and other items typically found at a Barnes & Nobles gift section, but again at an affordable price. The atmosphere and people are pretty friendly. The music selection is unique, but tasteful and I really enjoy the variety, which is lacking at most big retail stores. If you're an avid reader and dog lover, this is the place to be in Phoenix.
5	I LOVE to read. My five star review for Half Price Books is primarily based on the clearance section. Several shelves of books are priced at $1 and $2. And the books are good! I'm not talking Nora Roberts trashy novel type books (although there are some of them) but Pulitzer prize winning, International bestsellers, make you think for a minute books! I have been known to buy around ten books at a time when I go. You will love Half Price Books if you love to read and want to build up your library. I have also purchased a few books from the non-clearance aisle -  a Pablo Neruda poetry book, a couple Joan Didion titles, and some cookbooks. They were all reasonably priced (half price) and the selection was good.  There is also a small selection of CDs and DVDs, but I haven't spent much time exploring them. Lastly, I love Half Price books because they give teacher discounts on your entire purchase (even when I admitted that the books were for me and not my kiddos).
5	This Half Price Books is much larger and better organized than the one I am used to. Loved the little seating area in front, and the ladies' room was clean and bright.
2	This store is very small, so the selection is quite limited.  You are lucky if they will give you a few pennies for your books.  The wait was also very long to sell even though I got there right when they opened.  Bookmans is far superior to this place on all accounts - trade value which is much higher, larger selection and quick turnaround on sales!
3	Not a bad place.  Decent selection and decent pricing.  Not always pleased with the prices I get for selling items, but at least they are good at explaining why.
5	I could get lost in a book store. Especially this one. Great, even amazing,  prices for the frugal book worm's eye. You can spend hours upon hours scouring the shelves for knowledge in print. There is nothing more comforting than having a page to turn when you are heart deep into a novel or cuddling with your tiny over a joke book or a comic. You will find what you are looking for and then some at this place.
1	Just sold them about 30 newer best seller hardback books, they paid .50 cents per book. what a great deal for them. I will never do that again. Prices are not even half of what they sell them for. Cheap.
4	Half Price is a decent bookstore. They do not pay well for books or CDs, but they do have a great clearance  selection to make up for it. The store is on the smaller side, but it is well organized and the employees are very friendly and helpful.  I wish they had more places to sit and read, but at least you can bring in dogs to help you find stuff.
4	I love to go here for my book club books. Rather than having to pay full price, I get the same book for half and they are in really good shape. I love being able to find older books and 1st editions as well. The clearance section is really nice and the store is very well organized. The other thing that makes it a great place is the teacher discount!
4	There may be cheaper used book stores out there, but this is one of my favorites because the store in clean and organized. The staff has always been helpful if I couldn't find anything. They have a great sale section to the left of the front door.
3	given that this place gives you cash for books it should be a tweakers delight, but its somehow not. They buy you in low, so expect to get screwed. I only bring boxes here after i've gone to chaning hands and bookmans first. Sell them the refuse!I would never buy much of anything here. pirces are just a little too high.if only they bought copper wire!
2	Mixed reviews.  It started out really nice, but then it's gone down a bit.  Lots of change in management and staff.  Started out really nice, but now you can feel the bad vibes and attitude in the store.  It's shifted again.  Maybe it'll pick back up.Parking lot is small and dark.  Really not a lot of seats, so it's not really a place you can hang out and read.They don't pay a lot for books, that's for darn sure.
5	We always find great vinyl here!  The store by PV mall is my favorite
4	What a fantastic place for cheap books, hence the name Half Price Books. Although I do wish that the authors would get a small cut of the resale it still serves it's purpose very well. This place was a great thing during my time in Phoenix.The Pros:1.  Easy to find off of Camelback Road, just before the Wendy's. Plenty of parking but it is definitely a busy place so you may have to take a space in the way back.2.  Very organized store based upon genre. Easy to find items but it will take some time to look through their stock. They even have a video game section with some used classics. I also found a section with DVDs and Blu-Rays. There are also some rare items at the store under lock and key.3.  Very friendly staff if you have questions. They were always at work and seemed pretty quick with customers that were bringing in books to trade in for cash or store credit. They have free wi-fi for your smartphone if you need to look something up.4.  You'll have to take the time to look through the stacks to find a book you might want. Remember it's a used book store so it all depends on what people bring in for resale or what they get from surplus. I got luck and found a number of hardcover books that I or my wife wanted.5.  The prices are exactly as they state, half price or better unless it's a rare copy of a book, or signed by an author. I was definitely pleased with what I saw in the store.The Cons:1.  Not really many cons but I did hear people gripe about the store's offers on book trade-ins/sales. They are a business and need to make money so it's a tough call. I'm selective with my books so I most likely wouldn't trade any in.2.  Right turn only as you leave due to Camelback being a very busy road. Beware of drivers.
4	Sooo worth going there versus "the other guys"..why pay regular price elsewhere?
4	How have I never reviewed Half Price Books before?I have been going to Half Price Books since they had a location off I-10 and either Warner, Elliot, or Ray!This location is pretty fantastic.  The staff is always nice (If you care about that) and leaves you alone while you browse (I care about this).  You can find them in their assigned "areas" if you need help finding something, too.If you are looking for affordable records - definitely a great place to come.  I don't know how their selection is for "vinyl buffs" - but for me?  I have always found anything I was looking for.Their clearance section and paperbacks on the spinning library-type racks is always fun.  You can get some decent reads for $1-$2/each.  My sister tears through a book a day during the summer, so unless she wants to hit up the library incessantly - this is a pretty good option.Their sorted, real "half-price" books are very well-organized, they have a great selection, and they are fairly priced.  They have a large children's selection - and they have everything else from religious to psych to cooking.This location is great because it is right by a TON of other shopping.  I love to eat across the street, hit up Nordstrom Rack, and then come by.  And there is a Cost Plus right there too!  (And an Old Navy, Hallmark store, etc. etc. etc.)The hours are pretty awesome for a Phoenix book store, too.  Any time I have wanted to go they are open.  And I am a night owl!Finally - the best thing about them! - they are pet friendly.  I have four dogs and every one of them has taken a tour through HPB.  The staff are kind to them and the other patrons are too.Drop by - whether you are from out of town or a local.
4	A well organized Half Price Books. They have a nice selection of modern and classic books, comics, with a special selection of rare/first-edition books too. There is a small selection of games, and some CDs, DVDs, and records for sale as well.
4	Do you like to read? I don't. But I love books. Kinda weird, right? I read a lot actually, but I'm not very good at it. I'm a slooooow reader, and it takes me a lot of time to get through reading material. I tend to get bored or my mind starts drifting, and I begin thinking of other random things. It can be a bit frustrating when I keep getting side tracked, and have to read the same page 35 times. So that said, it's not reading that I like, it's knowledge, and thus, I love book stores. The smell, the vast amounts of information they hold, the general quiet environment. When I saw Half Priced Books Records and Magazines I felt compelled to stop in and check it out. It's a big store with many things to offer.I'm moving to Phoenix soon so I stocked up on a bunch of AZ, Southwest US and Phoenix travel books. Could I get most of that info on the internet for free? Yeah probably, but I tend to collect books even if I never read them. I think it may be a sickness... I didn't wander the store long since I pretty much knew what I was looking for, but from what I did see, they have a good variety of books. I also glimpsed a Culture Club vinyl record for $3.99. I don't even own a record player. However, having a story where I tell people that I own a Culture Club LP seemed to have great allure. I somehow resisted the urge to buy it. Perhaps another day.I enjoyed my stint at HPBR&M and will certainly go back. If I could make one recommendation it would be this; do some research on the prices of the books you're buying. Some of the books I found were a little older and probably a bit outdated so I passed on them. Although, the prices may be half off the publishers recommended price, you may actually get a better deal online for some books. I don't like choosing online companies over a brick and mortar store for many reasons, but when I was shopping, that thought crossed my mind a few times and so I feel the need to pass it on. All in all though, this place is definitely worth visiting.
4	I've always liked HPB since I discovered it in San Antonio, TX. They are like Bookmans (recently reviewed) where they buy and sell books, and have a selection of music and stuff you could spend the day discovering. Make it a few hours trip if you're going and you'll have a blast. They have two valley locations that I've seen (both in Scottsdale area) so if one doesn't have what you're looking for, try the other one.
4	Not as big or nice as the Half Price Books I'm used to in Corpus Christi TX but still a nice place to go to.
4	This is my favorite bookstore. I used to go to the ones in Berkeley, CA. This one is awesome too. Lots of gently used and many brand new books too. Also music, DVD's, stationary, cards, gifts and random gadgets. Well-lit, good for browsing, nicely organized and clean, no musty odor. Free coffee, a few chairs, nice people working there. You can get cash or credit for your used books. Sign up for the email list for info on sales so you can get even less than half price. Clearance section has neat vintage hardcover books, bags of magazines and stock photo catalogs that are great for collage or decoupage projects, and I scored a beautiful Georgia O'Keefe coffee table book for $2. I like the craft and cookbook areas and the art and design section too of course. They also have collectibles like antique reproduction signs, comics and first edition leatherbound books.Good for artists: nice selection of art instruction books.Stock changes often enough that it's always a fresh experience.
4	It's a neat little used bookstore. They have a wide variety of new and old books. Along with video games, music and magazines. The staff is quite friendly and made it a point to greet me. Their prices are fair but I can find some of these items cheaper at similar business nearby. If you need to kill some time or are looking for an antique book, head on down to this location.
5	The selection of books is amazing   you can't beat the deals either. I got 5 books for 10 bucks. Also found some great movies as well. Recommend this place to everyone.  Staff is very nice and helpful.
3	I walked in this store on a particularly hot day hoping to get lost for hours in the shelves.To begin with, the place was jam packed with customers. I guess that was understandable given that it was a weekend and it is on main drag, plus I imagine most people prefer to be indoors during triple digit heat waves.I browsed the Western section, pulling out a few titles that looked interesting and checking the summaries. That's when I had sticker shock-$14 for a used paperback? Are you kidding? I mean, obviously it's a bit more than Amazon, and I get that they need to make a profit, but really? I could just go to a thrift store or even my local library's annual sale and pay significantly less for a used book of questionable value.I then went over to browse the magazines and saw they were basically shoved into narrow cubbyholes labeled with broad categories "Fashion" or "home design." No idea how I'm supposed to find what I'm looking for in this very haphazard and messy way of displaying items for sale. Hmm, $1 for a used magazine from several months ago. No thanks.I've been to many cramped, independent bookstores and most have a certain charm despite being small. This place had no such charm.
3	I'd like to start by saying I've only been here twice, and both times the staff were super friendly.However, I was rather put-out when I noticed that (after seeing the store had been rearranged between visits) the Religion section *only* contained books on Christianity, and any other books on religion were lumped in with New Age and Spirituality (even books on Judaism and Buddhism, which was really bizarre to me).  This was pretty insulting.  I'm not overly religious (actually I'm barely what could be called spiritual) but I'm not dense enough to think Christianity is seriously the *only* religion out there.Maybe it was a fluke and some costumer was super bored, but that's a pretty big slap in the face.  I will be going back there, but I hope the next time I'm in someone that can do something about it has noticed and made appropriate changes.
5	I am not a bookworm and reading is not my cup of tea but I am a frequent shopper at this location to pick up books for friends and family. I am very impressed with the selection of books they have to offer. The store is organized neatly with a wide variety of offerings in each subject, category or readers taste. There is a large children's section for the kiddo's. You need video games. They got some. Yes, besides books they have some entertainment items.Teachers need to pick up some good reads for the class? They offer a discount to educators with proof of teaching that will save you 10% off your purchase. Be sure to inquire at the checkout. The staff is always friendly and helpful at this location which makes the shopping experience rewarding. Half price is defiantly well suited for the book store. There prices are super reasonable for the quality of items they sell at the store.
3	This is 3rd 1/2 Price, Valley store. In the past each store had at least a couple of areas that drew me in. Bookman's used items are not quite as high condition but there is a huge difference in atmosphere at their stores. You will see a lot of long time employees and they appear to enjoy themselves. Half Price is cold. Their sorting system is no longer what it was. I probably bought a few thousand bargain books at Half Price but with just fiction and non-fiction I have not enterred the section in their three valley stores in the last 20 visits.My interests are varied with books everywhere including stairway, hallway, bedrooms, bathroom,living & dining areas. After getting a shopping cart of books yesterday at Phx, and the coolness of the manager I will probably go back to Bookman's.All the draws Half Price had are gone.
5	I came here looking for classics for my child's English class. I can not say enough great things about the staff here. The guy that helped me was so nice and smart, helping me find every book on the list (there were 5 of them) in nice condition. I wish I could remember his name and give him recognition because he went above and beyond to track down each one.
5	One of my favorite places to go for book hunting! Not only is the stuff friendly and always helpful but I always find gems here! The clearance section is the bomb and always filled with new stuff. So engines within days I'll go and find completely new things on sale for only $2-$3. They have an wide selection in all genres. I love the DVD selection. So many reasons I love it here. Sign up with your email and you'll get coupons on top of an already great deal for books, etc. Can't find something? Just ask the staff! I'm here several times a week getting lost amongst my passion for books.
5	I took a stroll through the neighborhood during my lunch break yesterday.  I live not to far from this place and pass it just about every day .. finally gave it a shot!  I LOVE IT!  I scored Coltrane's "My Favorite Things" album for 10 bucks and The Autobiography of Malcolm X for $3 ... which has been sitting in my Amazon cart for a the price of $7 for about 2 months now).  My procrastination scored me big time :)I still like really, really cheap books so I purchase a lot of my books from the Goodwill (books are usually have price there on Saturdays as well .. FYI) so I know I'd mainly come here to check out the half prices albums
2	As a used record store: Not good. Another place that prices used records to sit rather than sell. Basically any currently popular classic artist (Bowie, Jimi, Beatles, Zep, etc.) will be priced at maximum market value. Why do this? They may catch the random shopper with a coupon who doesn't know records, but collectors (mostly disheveled old men) will pass. Maybe that's the plan? To keep these unsavory indiduals away? Hmmmm.Like Bookman's, I'm sure the vinyl sales only count for a tiny percentage of overall sales, so in their defense I'm sure they don't put a lot of effort into it.But at these prices, they are guaranteed to keep vinyl sales to a minimum. 2 stars for a friendly staff and a nice used book selection, but I will probably not return anytime soon.
3	This is the Hal Price Books store closest to where I live, so I go there quite frequently due to its convenient location. There are some things about this store that are good, some that are bad, and one that is downright ugly.The Good: They have a good selection of books and great prices on remainder books. The store is well-organized and clean, including the restrooms.The Bad: They only off cash for your items and not much at that. If you are not looking for cash, you are much better off trying Zia and Bookmans first.The Ugly: The vinyl record section is awful, and almost unbelievably, it is worse than it was a year ago. They recently instituted a foolish policy of taping certain used records shut in plastic bags. I was told by an employee that this was due to customers "turning $50 records into $5 records." This is pure bunk! Some of the records they have taped shut are under $10! When I asked to see one of the records outside of the bag, the employee was unable to figure out how to remove it. Another employee had to intervene and managed to get the tape stuck on the jacket, damaging it. I have been to over 30 different Half Price Books stores across the southwestern United States, and this store has the dubious distinction of having the worst managed vinyl section of any of them.
4	What I love about Half Price Books (having just stopped by Changing Hands down the street) is that it doesn't feign to be modern, quirky, or fancy.  It's, in my opinion, an old school, used bookstore for people who simply love books.  The smell of books, the wooden bookshelves, tons and tons of books, a humble, cosy atmosphere, a clearance section for books under $3.  It was glorious, and everything I was looking for.  Unfortunately, I was in a rush and only had 15 minutes to spend here, but I'll definitely be back.
