3	Subway, your bread's trying to hard to please.Your meat is okay, but you skimp on the cheese.Some girl who just started thinks "pickles" means twenty.My sandwich was briney, I swear six was plenty.But I did like the apples and unsweetened iced tea,Which helped cut out the fat and empty calories.No you still aren't my fave and you never will be.But at least you aren't trying to "Super Size" me.
4	The best service I've had at a Subway. All the staff is terrific, save one. The atmosphere is extremely inviting as are the staff. I recommend going during the day time, to get the best experience. David's extremely loud greeting lets you know you have been noticed. It may sound militant, but you get used to it, and realize it is truly a warm welcome. Debbie, the manager is nice and personable. A little stressed, but that is expected with the volume of her store.   The only reason I am not giving five stars, is one employee. James, is his name and he usually works evenings. He is rude, disrespectful and creepy towards the women, and truly belongs away from a college campus.   In closing, aside from the one drawback, I'd have given it a five star rating.
5	Everyone that works here is very nice. The older gentlemen that works here, especially so. This morning as he prepared my sandwich, one of his regulars came in. He began attending him when my sandwich was in the oven. He then got so into making the other sandwich that he almost forgot about mine. The guy who came in behind me actually jumped me in line thinking he was going to check out first...(no chivalry to be had there)..  Anyways, right as the Subway attendant started to bag the other sandwich, he seemed to have remembered mine, finished it & checked me out first. Great sandwich nonetheless!! :)
1	Girl was nice, however, the worst sandwich in the world. For $8.75 the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich had  so little meat on it, I had to check to see if there was any!! It in no way looked like the picture they advertize with!!! Not heated all the way.  I will never eat at Subway again!
