3	Good prices on parts
5	Autohaus is my main source for parts for an old Mercedes that has been in the family since new that I am restoring. The old beater is truly a labor of love for me.Autohaus sells parts for older and new cars so there is something for every car here. Nothing could be simpler than placing an online order before 5 pm (PST) and have the part delivered to your door the next day. That is one fast and efficient shipping department!  Prices are about the lowest you can find on the web and returns are hassle free (as long as you don't install the part).
5	I love autohaus.  site easy to use, price is excellent, shipping/return policy customer friendly.  besides junk yard this is the only place I would go for parts if available.
5	I have been impressed by AutohausAZ service, their prices are great and all the parts that I have ordered where quality material, exactly what their website have stated. And the price is definitely the best.  I just ordered a set of halo rotors, they arrived within 2days.
4	I've ordered a couple of times from Autohaus... They have decent prices, free shipping over $50, and they seem to be a reliable company. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they seem to overcharge for shipping if you don't meet the free shipping requirements, and they continue to carry the notoriously dangerous URO parts... Which nobody should sell.
2	I I ordered charcoal cabin filters but when the parts arrived, 2 boxes looked like they went through the trenches.  When I opened them, no more like they just fell out the boxes, they were NOT charcoal activated filters  I wrote them and waited 2 weeks, did not hear from them.  I won't be buying from them again!
5	These guys (along with my brother's extensive tool collection) have kept my 1995 E320 wagon going for over 211,000 miles. They are amazing. Great prices and free shipping on orders over $50. I ordered two flex disks and a transmission mount yesterday late morning and they were just delivered today at 9:30 am.  Can't beat that.
4	My go-to place for parts for my '79 Mercedes 240d. They have just about everything I need and everything is well labeled with relation to OEM or alternate brand.  If there is a preferred brand I can expect to find it at AutohausAZ.  The price is right and free shipping over $50.   Shipping usually takes close to a week to get to Chicago, but the wait is ok for the right parts.
2	I would like a "will call" window at the Tempe location.  Waiting a day or two for a part drives me nuts when they are located just a few miles away.  AND I have to pay  $10 shipping for that.
3	A great source for parts and the free shipping with a $75 order is nice. The only negative is that they used to ship very quickly and now it seems like they take forever to "process" your order.So if you're not in a hurry for your parts, give 'em a try.
5	I like these guys a lot. I go to them for my VW, BMW, and Mercedes parts needs.Great prices on parts, quick shipping, and no tax to Cali.
1	Placed online order.  My order was $75 qualified for free shipping.  They confirmed the order.  Later, they sent an email saying they did not have one of the five items on my order.  Because the order was no longer over $75, they cancelled the whole order.  They refused to honor the free shipping despite their error on inventory.  The guy had an attitude and was kind of an ass.  Poor customer service.
1	If you order online and it's wednesday or later in the week DO NOT  use 2d day UPS you will not get your part unless you're  very close by. I'm in Texas and ordered on wednesday thinking I could get my parts by saturday latest.....nope 5 days later they arrive(what the Hell is 2 day air?) needless to say no more business from me. Yes I wrote them and they didn't have the courtesy to reply either.
5	I ordered a part at 1pm for pick up (will call), received an email about one hour later indicating the part was ready.  Picked it up, which took all of 1-2 minutes. Tips: Bring your ID and the credit card that you paid with online. To find the building, just turn west off of Roosevelt at the "2850" sign and as you drive in, proceed straight to the end and look left for the AutohausAZ sign.
1	Ordered a fuel line, put it on and 2 days later it bursts and leaves me stranded on the highway bridge. Ordered an OVP relay and it didn't work. These guys sell garbage/fake parts and I now just buy used Mercedes Benz OEM parts on Ebay and car-parts.com and the used parts are 100% better than these Chinese knock offs. You've been warned. This is the LAST place I'd go for parts.
