4	Great high quality italian for the family that is CONSISTENT every Time!
3	This is a popular family spot and gets many couples. Have been here for pizza with large groups. The wait staff does a good job with large groups.  There is a small bar area and the restaurant is "L" shaped and very clean and nice but could use some pictures or wall hangings.  Stopped in for some pasta.  Had the wedding soup which was good but could have had a few more meat balls and a salad which is relatively large with head lettuce, carrots, onions and carrots and homemade Italian dressing.  The Italian dressing was OK, nothing special.  Really liked the Ala Carbonara which is pasta topped with bacon, eggs, and Provolone cheese.  You get a big portion!  Though not mentioned on the menu, you can order a small portion but you do not get a side with that and the size is good for kids and most appetites.  Garlic bread comes with the meal and is good.  Our waitress did a real good job and the food did not take long.  The prices are very reasonable.  Good place to take the kids too.
4	This is one of my favorite Italian Restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. I am gluten free and they now offer gluten free pasta! YAY!The sauce that they put on their seafood pasta is amazing...very good flavor. Sometimes the service is not all that great but overall this place is a good stop if you like pasta.
3	Basic pastas, pizza, eggplant parm, etc. I strongly prefer their pizza to their pasta (tip: order pizza with light sauce... they tend to overload it otherwise). Their eggplant parm sub is decent.Prices are high for the quality (in my opinion).
4	I have never had a bad experience here. I usually carryout, but dine in every now and again. The wait staff is always fast and friendly. The hoagies are huge and tasty. The pizza is just right. Sometimes the wait to eat can be around 10-15 minutes especially on Fridays and Saturdays but that can be expected. I actually don't think I have ever been here during the weekends when just about every booth was filled with customers. Go check it out, I don't think you will be disappointed.
4	Seriously good pizza.
3	Carbo's is your little home town Italian restaurant that has good food, good service from a crew that has been there forever.  The kitchen does a good job with the food, not trend setting but good solid tasty Italian.Greens and beans app is good with some bacon. Typical house salad with iceberg lettuce and a homemade Italian dressing.  Good garlic bread.  al dente pasta was very good.  The Pizza is good, asked for a little less sauce and it come out just right.   Did not try this visit but the sandwiches are good and huge.
5	I love me some Carbonara's. It's your local family owned Italian restaurant. I practically grew up eating their food so I might be a little bias. Personally I think they make the best Italian hoagie EVER. The bread is toasted to perfection...crispy, warm and crunchy. I live in VA now and the italian hoagie is cold and served with mayo here, no good. You really can't go wrong. Their marinara is great and goes well with the stuffed banana peppers or baked ziti. I crave the wedding soup and garlic bread on a regular basis. The chicken salad is huge, I recommend you get the fries on the side.
2	The food was okay, the chicken parmigiana was decent, but not worth a return trip.  The sauce on the pasta tasted like chef boyardee.  Over all not impressed and I won't be trying it again.
5	I love Carbonara's. They aren't the fanciest but their food is delicious, the staff is friendly and the prices are cheap.  I crave their tomato sauce constantly.  If you really want to feel like you're in the Burgh you definitely do at Carbonara's.  Excellent takeout service too - food is typically ready in 15 minutes, and they always get the order right.  It's also a perfect place for kids.
4	Large resturante, small bar, good food with fast and friendly service. Portions are huge and the prices aren't high.
4	Good Italian restaurant. Some of the best pizza around.
3	I met a friend at Carbonara's for lunch on a recent Monday. The restaurant was slow and we were the youngest there by about 30 years but it was a Monday in Lebo after all. Good for people watching. I listened to two elderly gentlemen discuss teenage drivers and how they still had their permits from the 1950's while I waited.I decided to go with the chicken parmesan lunch special. It came with a soup or salad and I chose the salad. Typical iceberg with onion and tomato. I was surprised by the garlic bread that was brought out with my salad. Old school garlic bread on a hoagie bun but super yummy! The chicken parm was a very big portion for lunch but the flavors were simply okay for me. Their homemade sauce did not blow me away. The chicken was a fried chicken breast. Service was fine.  Overall, I doubt that I will go back as there are several other Italian restaurants within 15 minute drive that I feel have better flavors.
5	Wonderful Italian Food., I was just in the mood for a nice plate of Spaghetti,  and I was pleasantly surprised, Nice large portion sizes , super fast friendly service. and at the suggestion of our waitress,You gotta have a cup of coffee and the Pumpkin Tiramisu.Did Someone Say PUMPKIN ?Seriously this was a perfect desert for a great meal.Reasonable price , easy parking, no long wait.... Please give these guy's a try. You will not be disappointed.
4	Damn good pizza they have. We got takeout here one recent Sunday and were impressed. I also liked their tiramisu. They're a little on the expensive side, though. If you want something fancy and cutting-edge, look elsewhere. It's just a nice, normal. suburban family restaurant.
4	I had company in town last week and one of them had to eat gluten-free. I read some good reviews here about GF options at Carbonara's and I live right around the corner so we took a chance. My friend was apprehensive as Italian is usually at the bottom of her list since almost everything tends to be bread or pasta-based. She got the GF ziti and it sounded good so I went with the same. I've had GF pasta at home before and wasn't too impressed but I would have never guessed it was GF. She was also very pleased. It was homecoming or something in Mt. Leb and they were packed with large parties of dressed-up kids so the wait was pretty long but I took that as bad luck on my part. I'm not a huge Italian fan in general which is why I've never tried it until now but it's on my short list from now on. I saw quite a few customers picking up takeout while we waited so I'll have to try that as well.
5	I was here several weeks ago for my young son's birthday. The food was great and the service was better. Our waitresses made sure all of my kids were happy and settled. She also joined us when we sang happy birthday to him. I will definitely be back soon!
2	Food and service are average quality. Dining in offers very little ambiance, but it works for decent take out.
2	Way to expensive and the decor needs to be upgraded, you can find much better pizza and pasta at some other locations in the south hills..
3	Solid Italian restaurant.  Nothing fancy or special, just the classic staples.  We usually get pizza for take-out from here and it's definitely good, but not the best I've had.  Overall, I would recommend it.
5	The best pizza in the south hills of Pittsburgh. Great crust and fresh ingredients and baked to perfection. Fresh cut fires are to die for and recommended to eat as appetizer prior to the pizza.
5	Excellent pizza and I've had them all in Pittsburgh.  Excellent sauce, cheeses, and crust -- just the right thickness for 'thin' pizza and just the right chewiness - would love to have the recipe. Other food is excellent as well but we get the pizza on a regular basis.  ENJOY!
5	Well, I've been going to carbonaras since before my daughter was born in the fall of 1991. Could have probably paid for a year of her tuition with what I've spent on Chicken parmigiano over the years. Food is consistently great, service almost always good, but the eggplant parmigiano is no longer $7.50 as it was in 1991... Still keep going back though... The Tomato sauce is the best around. Period.
4	Everything from the food to the staff is great. With everything from pizza, canzones, or delicious Italian entrees you can't go wrong. I also recently had their chicken florentine soup and it is THE. BEST.
4	First time visit. Service was excellent. I had baked cod with a side of angel hair pasta and marinara. Enjoyed it very much.
5	We had a Graduation Celebration there last week (Dec 19th, 2014) with a group of 11 and the food was phenomenal. I have eaten there many times and am always delighted with the food. The service we had was exceptional. I wish I could remember the lady's name. Their sauce is so good. I am definitely going to pick up some at a local store now that I see they are selling it.  I had the Chicken Parmigiano which was wonderful and a large, large portion. They happily accommodated my request to have it served over pasta instead of pasta on the side. The New England Clam chowder was excellent and beware their cups of soup are the normal size for a bowl in other places. Garlic Bread that comes with your meal is a large portion too  . Other members of our party had the Spaghetti & Meatballs, Lasagna, Steak Hoagies (All the hoagies  are huge), Buffalo Chicken Salad, Pasta with Malfada Sauce. Everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed their food. Unfortunately we had no room for dessert this time but have tasted their desserts before and they are scrumptious. My leftovers the next day were very tasty. Best of all their prices are really good so we all left feeling very happy. Will definitely return. Nice to have quality food like this in our neighborhood.
