5	MORE HOOKAH!!!!Just so ya'll know they have great food and a cool atmosphere too. But the real reason I go is because of the awesome hookahs. The hookah service boys (can I call them that?) keep my hookah going so I can spend an entire night smoking hookah, laughing with friends and enjoying the music. Grab a buddy or two and hit up Urban Cafe......but DON'T park in front of the liqour store....(the owner will be a jerk to ya' FYI)..Peace
4	As a connoisseur of hookah, I can say that this place knows their hookah. They use real lemonwood coals so that you're not getting all the extra carcinogens that are in the self starting coals. The service is fantastic with the guys coming around with fresh coals all the time. They put the coals off to the side so that the tobacco doesn't burn off immediately. You can smoke one packing well over an hour.The prices are fair - 10.99 for the basic hookah in your choice of flavors. For a beginner, i'd recommend green apple, double apple (if you like licorice), watermelon, or anything fruitier blended with jasmine.I gave it four stars because of the lack of gourmet tobaccos, they only use the cheapest middle eastern variety (al fakher or cheaper) which uses decent flavors but crappy tobacco. The higher quality tobaccos are more expensive and thus I understand, but it'd be nice to have the option.Also, drinks are 2.49 and you have to buy the bottle because a law in AZ says that there can be no open container at hookah bars. Farking legislators.
2	Great Hookah but I really think they need to clean the place. I have been there 3 or 4 times and everytime I have been the tables are always filthy the hookahs that are displayed are gross. ONLY enter the restrooms at your own risk because something in the toilet might come out and open the door for you. It's gross I don't care how good their hookah is they take no pride in their cafe and in keeping it clean for customers. Too many other clean Hookah joints in town I will not be going back!
5	I don't consider myself a connoisseur of many things, but hookah is one of them, and Urban Cafe knows their hookah.  Well.I've been to hookah bars all over Tempe, Phoenix, and Chandler and this is the one I bring everyone to when they come to visit Arizona.  The building itself isn't anything special, shag carpeted booths and some typical tables and chairs with a wide open space in the middle.  The service is pretty average, the employees are extremely attentive to both the food service and the hookahs, but they seem to get a little under the weather attitude wise when the place gets busy, though I can't blame them, and their service never declines.  However, if any of this makes you wary, I encourage you to set it aside and go regardless because the food and hookah is spectacular.  The Mediterranean menu is awesome and they even have some crowd pleasers like french fries and sandwiches.  The hookahs all come with hand-carved fruit bowls which is both interesting and adds a little flavor to the mix.  They are also happy to mix flavors of shisha for you if you're into that, which most of the places I go around the city won't do, or will do very begrudgingly. Bottom line, if you go to one hookah bar while you're in AZ, make it this one.
